---- Page 1 ----


---- Page 2 ----
THE
HEALTHIER
WAY
This year’s cover design, which carries the theme, “The Healthier Way”, 
underscores Amway’s efforts to help Malaysians live healthier, better-
quality lives by according them a more robust Health and Wellness 
portfolio as well as a more attractive entrepreneurship value proposition.
Today, our enhanced Health and Wellness offering encompasses a 
range of innovative, technology-infused, and reliably-sourced health 
and wellness-centric products. To support our entrepreneurial Amway 
Business Owners, we continue to invest in discretionary incentives, digital 
platforms, marketing campaigns, as well as home delivery and back-end 
infrastructure, all of which are providing them added value. 
As Amway and our core brands strategically align ourselves with the 
nation’s health ambitions, the stage is set for us to continue delivering 
sustainable long-term value. As we propel closer towards achieving our 
50th anniversary vision of being the leading Health and Wellness company 
for entrepreneurial business owners, as well as draw nearer to celebrating 
Nutrilite’s 90th year of health innovation, we are confident of truly making 
a holistic and tangible impact on Malaysians.
28
th
GEnERAL 
MEETInG
AnnuAL
Wednesday,  
24 May 2023
9.30 a.m 
Broadcast Venue
Van Andel & DeVos  
Training Centre,  
Amway (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd, 
28, Jalan 223,  
46100 Petaling Jaya, 
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Refer to pages 188 to 192 
for Annual General Meeting 
Information.
Scan here to get access to the soft copy of 
our reports and contact information:
www.amway.my


---- Page 3 ----
Inside This Report
Sustainability Statement 
32 Sustainability at Amway 
34 Sustainability Statement
02
Our Significant Events  
& Achievements
63 FY2022 Awards & Achievements
64 2022 Event Highlights
03
Our Strategy And  
Performance Review
4 Full Y ear and Quarterly  
Performance
5 5-Y ear Financial Highlights
6 Chairperson’s Statement
14 Management Discussion & Analysis
01
How We Are Governed
71 Corporate Information
72 Board of Directors
74 Directors’ Profiles
83 Key Management Profiles
85 Corporate Governance
 Overview Statement
106 Audit Committee Report
112 Statement on Risk Management 
and Internal Control
119 Compliance with Main Market 
Listing Requirements of Bursa   
Malaysia Securities Berhad
04
Financial Statements
122 Directors’ Report
126 Statement by Directors
126 Statutory Declaration
127 Independent Auditors’ Report
131 Statements of Comprehensive 
Income
132 Statements of Financial Position
133 Consolidated Statement of 
Changes in Equity
134 Statement of Changes in Equity
135 Statements of Cash Flows
137 Notes to the Financial Statements
05
Other Information
178 Particulars of Properties
179 Group’s Physical Presence
180 Notice of Annual General Meeting
185 Statement Accompanying the 
Notice of Annual General Meeting
186 Analysis of Shareholdings
188 Information for Shareholders on  
28
th Annual General Meeting
	 •	Proxy	Form
06


---- Page 4 ----
MISSIOn
Through the partnering of 
ABOs, Employees and the 
Founding Families, and the 
support of quality products and 
services, we offer everyone the 
opportunity to achieve their 
goals via the Amway Sales & 
Marketing Plan.
VISIOn
Amway’s vision is simple: 
Amway and ABOs work 
together each and every day 
to help people live better and 
healthier lives. We aim to help 
people everywhere discover 
their potential and achieve 
their goals by offering better 
products and opportunities 
for the future, and by sharing 
generously with the global 
community.

---- Page 5 ----
•	 PARTNERSHIP
Amway is built on the concept of partnership 
between our founders. The partnership 
that	exists	among	the	Founding	Families,	
employees, and business owners is our 
most	prized	possession.	The	excellent	
entrepreneurial spirit of ABOs and the 
dedication of Amway employees have 
resulted in Amway Malaysia being in the 
top-10 market among the over 100 countries 
and territories where Amway operates. 
The success is testimony to a truly matured 
partnership among the ABOs, Management 
and employees.
•	 PERSONAL	WORTH
Amway acknowledges the uniqueness of 
each individual. Every person is worthy of 
respect and deserves an equal opportunity to 
succeed	to	the	fullest	extent	of	their	potential.	
Countless ABOs have achieved success since 
they started their Amway business. They 
have found their place in society where their 
contributions are respected, and they in turn 
seek to help others in need to improve their 
personal worth.
•	 ACHIEVEMENT
Amway is in the business of continuous 
improvement, progress and achievements of 
individual and group goals. Amway anticipates 
changes, responds swiftly with well thought 
through	actions	and	learns	from	experiences.	
Creativity and innovation are the pillars that 
support the achievement of the goals and 
success of Amway and its ABOs.
•	 INTEGRITY
Integrity is doing what is right, not just 
whatever “works”. Success in Amway is not 
measured by economic wealth but by the 
trust, respect and credibility the business and 
its ABOs earn. Integrity puts the concern of 
others ahead of one’s own interest to ensure 
equity and fairness, the very basic principles 
for developing lasting relationships for 
building business and making friends.
•	 PERSONAL	RESPONSIBILITY
Each individual is accountable and 
responsible for achieving their personal goals. 
With the principle of helping others to help 
themselves,	Amway	maximises	the	potential	
of the individual and shared success. Amway 
provides the environment and opportunity for 
ABOs to give back to communities in ways 
that enhance their self-worth and personal 
responsibility as good citizens.
•	 FREE	ENTERPRISE
Amway advocates freedom and free 
enterprise. Amway offers equal opportunity 
to every individual to enjoy the uncommon 
freedom to build a business of their own, 
while at the same time build their integrity 
and	personal	worth,	and	maximise	their	
achievements and personal responsibility.
VALuES
Amway	has	six	(6)	enduring	values	upon	which	the	business	is	built.	These	six	(6)	Amway	
Values	are	a	natural	development	of	the	Founders’	Fundamentals	(Freedom,	Family,	Hope	and	
Reward).	These	values	are	the	cornerstone	to	building	the	Amway	business,	and	to	instilling	
noble values that will help people live better and healthier lives.

---- Page 6 ----
PROFIT BEFORE TAx
RM103.1 mil
2021: RM49.7 mil
nET PROFIT
RM76.9 mil
2021:	RM36.8	mil
SALES REVEnuE
RM1,514.8 mil 
2021: RM1,485.9 mil
FuLL YEAR AnD QuARTERL Y PERFORMAnCE
2021 1st Quarter 2nd Quarter 3rd Quarter 4th Quarter Full Y ear
Sales Revenue (RM’ Million)  353.7  355.9  383.9  392.4  1,485.9 
Profit Before Tax (RM’ Million) 	26.8	  10.7  10.5  1.7  49.7 
net Profit (RM’ Million)  20.1  7.9  8.0  0.8 	36.8	
net Earnings Per Share (Sen)  12.2  4.8  4.8  0.5  22.3 
net Dividend Per Share (Sen)  5.0  5.0  5.0  9.0  24.0 
2022 1st Quarter 2nd Quarter 3rd Quarter 4th Quarter Full Y ear
Sales Revenue (RM’ Million) 391.2 354.6 371.8 397.2  1,514.8 
Profit Before Tax (RM’ Million) 26.7 20.0 24.5 31.9  103.1 
net Profit (RM’ Million) 20.2 15.0 18.8 22.9 	76.9	
net Earnings Per Share (Sen) 12.3 9.1 11.4 14.0 	46.8	
net Dividend Per Share (Sen) 5.0 5.0 5.0 23.0  38.0 
4
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 7 ----
972.354.527.5
966.351.227.5
1,153.546.927.5
1,485.936.824.0
1,514.876.938.0
SALES REVEnuE (RM’	Million)
nET PROFIT (RM’	Million)
nET DIVIDEnD PER SHARE (Sen)
70.233.2254
64.631.1261
62.328.5274
49.722.3296
103.146.8454128326
2022
2022
2022
2022
2022
2022
2021
2021
2021
2021
2021
2021
2020
2020
2020
2020
2020
2020
2019
2019
2019
2019
2019
2019
2018
2018
2018
2018
2018
2018
PROFIT BEFORE TAx (RM’	Million)
nET EARnInGS PER SHARE (Sen)
TOTAL CORE FORCE (ABO + APC) (‘000)
5-YEAR FInAnCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Core ABO Force Core APC Force
5
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 8 ----
Dear Valued Shareholders,
It is my pleasure and privilege to present 
the Annual Report and Audited Financial 
Statements of Amway (Malaysia) Holdings 
Berhad (“Amway” or “the Company”) for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
(“FY2022”).
RM1,514.8 
million
SALES REVEnuE  
FY2022
RM103.1 
million
PROFIT BEFORE TAx (PBT)  
FY2022
CHAIRPERSOn’S 
STATEMEnT
LAunCHED THE 
“EnhancEd 
EMployEE 
assistancE 
pRogRaMME” 
FOR POST-COVID 
ASSISTAnCE
Tan Sri Faizah  
Binti Mohd TahirChairperson and  
Senior Independent
Non-Executive Director
6
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
Annu Al RepoRt 2022

---- Page 9 ----
I	am	pleased	to	report	that	Amway	and	its	subsidiaries	(collectively	known	as	 
“the	Group”)	successfully	weathered	the	year’s	economic	headwinds	to	deliver	
modest sales growth and commendable profits in FY2022. 
As Malaysia emerged from the hardships of the COVID-19 pandemic to make the 
official transition to the endemic phase in early April 2022, it also had to contend 
with a host of issues including a global shortage of workers, the weakening 
Ringgit, rising inflation, and political uncertainty, among other things. Against this 
backdrop, Amway focused on leveraging the previous investments made in our 
Amway	Business	Owners	(“ABOs”)	and	business	infrastructure	to	strengthen	our	
ABO force and bolster their businesses. 
In maintaining an entrepreneurial-focused growth mindset and tapping ongoing 
initiatives on the employee, entrepreneurial business ownership, health and 
wellness product offering, eCommerce platform, contactless omnichannel 
delivery, as well as governance and social responsibility fronts, Amway went on 
to cement its market position. Today, the Group is well-positioned to continue 
delivering sustainable value creation in its position as the leading health and 
wellness company for entrepreneurial business owners in Malaysia. 
PERFORMAnCE OVERVIEW
Over the course of the pandemic, the Group’s total core force size grew  
considerably to reach almost half a million entrepreneurs and loyal customers 
by the end of FY2022. The rapid growth was largely attributable to the Amway 
Privileged	Customers	(“APC”)	programme	that	was	launched	in	early	FY2021.	
Following this hypergrowth, we were faced with the colossal task of ensuring that 
all our ABOs were adequately equipped to grow their businesses sustainably. 
As such, in FY2022, we adopted a more moderate sustainable pace of growth,  
and focused our efforts on empowering our entrepreneurial ABOs by equipping 
them with the right training and sales tools.
As the Group’s sales growth rate normalised after two consecutive years of 
hypergrowth, Amway posted sales revenue amounting to RM1,514.8 million in 
FY2022, a 1.9% increase as compared to the RM1.485.9 million garnered in the 
preceding year. This figure – our highest revenue attained to date – was mainly 
attributable to the strong demand for health and wellness as well as personal 
care products. 
The	Group’s	profit	before	tax	(“PBT”)	rose	by	a	stellar	107.3%	to	RM103.1	million	as	
compared to the RM49.7 million posted in FY2021. This was primarily attributable 
to price increases and the normalisation of investments in ABO sales incentives 
as sales growth returned to normal.
The finer details on the Group’s operational and financial performance can be 
found	in	the	Management	Discussion	&	Analysis	(“MD&A”)	section	within	this	
Annual Report.
THE YEAR In REVIEW
A Purposeful Shift in Focus 
Right from the onset of COVID-19,  
we had been making radical and rapid 
changes to the Group’s operations to 
mitigate the impact of the pandemic. 
These changes included:
•	 The	accelerated	rollout	of	digital	
registration and sales platforms; 
•	 The	implementation	of	contactless	
delivery channels; 
•	 The	introduction	of	several	incentive	
and savings programmes; and 
•	 A	host	of	other	effective	measures.	
Swiftly implemented, these proactive 
measures	–	particularly	the	expansion	
of Core Plus+ discretionary incentives 
for ABOs and the APC programme – 
all helped Amway deliver remarkably 
positive results and garner an 
unprecedented	influx	of	new	Amway	
entrepreneurs amidst the pandemic.
For FY2022, as the risks from the 
pandemic waned following the 
comprehensive and fast-tracked 
vaccination rollouts under Malaysia’s 
National Immunisation Programme, 
we shifted our primary efforts to 
shoring up our entrepreneurial ABOs 
and helping them strengthen their 
businesses. In doing so, we ensured 
that our ABOs’ businesses were firmly 
built on solid, healthy frameworks that 
were capable of delivering sustainable 
returns for the long-term. 
Today, the Group is 
well-positioned to 
continue delivering 
sustainable value 
creation in its 
position as the 
leading health and 
wellness company 
for entrepreneurial 
business owners  
in Malaysia.
7
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 10 ----
CHAIRPERSOn’S STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
Continuing to Keep People Safe
Throughout the pandemic, Amway did 
its best to look out for the well-being 
of our employees, ABOs and customers 
by proactively providing them the 
necessary support, whether it was 
in the form of vaccinations, safe 
work environments, work-from-home 
support, online facilities, contactless 
delivery, or community support, among 
other things. 
As Malaysia formally made the 
transition to the endemic phase on 
1 April 2022, the Group launched 
the “Work by Design 2.0” initiative 
which enabled employees to tap 
into	the	flexibility	of	a	hybrid	working	
arrangement. As larger numbers of 
employees returned to the workplace 
after spending considerable time in 
work-from-home arrangements, we 
established safety guidelines within 
our office premises. Under these 
guidelines, employees were to be fully 
vaccinated, wear face masks, perform 
tests every two weeks with self-test 
kits provided by the Company, as well 
as ensure strict social distancing in 
communal areas including the pantry, 
meeting rooms, gym and lifts. 
The pandemic highlighted the 
importance of inculcating resilience 
and a positive mental state during a 
crisis. With the issue of mental  
well-being gaining prominence 
worldwide, Amway did its part to 
ensure the well-being of its workforce, 
by introducing the “Enhanced 
Employee Assistance Programme” 
which allows employees to seek 
therapy and counselling treatment. 
To further drive awareness about 
mental health and work-life balance, 
we organised the “Each Mind Matters 
Webinar for People Managers”. All 
these measures helped our people 
adjust to “normal” work life again while 
keeping them safe in terms of their 
physical and mental well-being. 
upskilling and Strengthening Our ABO Family
In line with our focus on upskilling and strengthening our entrepreneurial ABOs,  
we launched several programmes during the year in review. One of these included 
the “Foundation in Nutrition & Wellness Certificate” programme. This programme, 
which	was	initially	rolled	out	exclusively	to	leaders	in	April	2022,	sought	to	
empower participants both as individuals and as nutrition and wellness business 
owners by according them knowledge on nutrition and the various aspects of 
building a wellness business. Following overwhelming demand, we opened up the 
programme to all ABOs in August 2022. 
In the same manner, we organised the ARTISTRY Beauty Camp to inspire 
entrepreneurial ABOs to grow their ARTISTRY businesses, where we also 
launched the new ARTISTRY SKIN NUTRITION Vitamin C+HA3 Daily Serum.
Over the course of 2022, with pandemic restrictions lifted, we took the opportunity 
to gather our leaders and ABOs together again in annual face-to-face events and 
activities. Among the year’s highlights, was the National Leadership Conference 
and Dinner 2022 which saw a record-breaking attendance at this annual event 
which had been put on hold for two years due to the pandemic. We also held 
the	Global	Award	Recognition	(“GAR”)	Founders	Crown	Ambassador	(“FCA”)	
Recognition Rally and Achievers Day event. Attended by some 10,000 people, 
the event celebrated our two GAR Founders Crown Ambassadors, a rank 
accomplished by only a handful of ABOs in the country.
In Support of the national Health and Wellness Agenda
As Malaysia transitions from the pandemic to the endemic phase, the Government 
has begun looking at healthcare and wellness through more in-depth and long-
term lenses. The alarming statistics surrounding non-communicable diseases such 
as diabetes, cholesterol, high blood pressure and obesity among Malaysians have 
been of particular concern. 
8
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 11 ----
This year, the Group will take its efforts 
to the next level by promoting solutions 
that will help Malaysians deal with  
non-communicable diseases as well. 
In tandem with these developments, Amway too has ramped up efforts to align 
its focus with that of the Government in a greater manner. As a leading health and 
wellness company, Amway, for some time now, has been offering solutions for a 
healthier lifestyle via our health and wellness products, particularly our Nutrilite 
range.	This	year,	the	Group	will	take	its	efforts	to	the	next	level	by	promoting	
solutions that will help Malaysians deal with non-communicable diseases as well. 
In response to the Government’s request for private sector support, Amway is 
poised to align itself with their plans. This strategy also forms part of Amway’s 
50th-anniversary vision of firmly cementing our position as the leading provider of 
health	and	wellness	products	in	Malaysia	by	2026.	
Elevating the eCommerce and Customer Experience
Where the height of the pandemic saw Amway fast-tracking the development 
and launch of our eCommerce platforms as well as accelerating digital adoption 
amongst ABOs and customers, in FY2022, we focused our efforts on improving 
our	eCommerce	platforms	and	the	customer	experience.	
In line with enhancing the capabilities of our website to ensure a delightful online 
experience	for	ABOs	and	APCs,	we	released	more	than	100	enhancements.	
Among	the	key	enhancements	were	a	Buy	Now,	Pay	Later	(“BNPL”)	capability	
via	Atome	(a	leading	BNPL	provider	in	Malaysia),	a	mobile	business	dashboard	
feature, a series of user interface enhancements, and a product recommender 
based on a built-in data-science model. We also added Mandarin and Malay 
language capabilities into the chatbot functionality, among other things. These 
enhancements led to a higher website satisfaction score which grew from 80% in 
2021 to a high of 89%.
uPHOLDInG RESPOnSIBLE CORPORATE PRACTICES
Solidifying Our Governance Practices
The Group is fully cognisant of the crucial role that good governance and sustainable 
practices play in the long-term viability of an organisation. As such, we strive to 
ensure that Amway continually upholds strong internal controls as well as robust 
corporate governance and risk management best practices. These elements are 
going a long way in helping to strengthen investor confidence, preserve Amway’s 
corporate reputation, and ensure continued shareholder value creation.
The Group’s board governance policies are guided by the Malaysian Code on 
Corporate	Governance	2021	(“MCCG”).	The	Board,	which	regularly	reviews	
Amway’s governance framework in line with developments on the regulatory front 
as well as per the Group’s evolving requirements, has oversight for the application 
of the best practices set out in the MCCG. It is also responsible for ensuring that 
good governance policies flow down 
through the organisation in a clear-cut 
manner and are cascaded effectively 
across the Group.
Back	in	FY2021,	the	Board	executed	
a	gap	analysis	between	our	existing	
governance practices and the 
updated guidelines of the new MCCG 
(issued	by	the	Securities Commission 
Malaysia	in	April	2021),	and	then	
went on to implement the necessary 
changes to close the gap. In FY2022, 
we continued our efforts to further 
align with the recommended MCCG 
practices, particularly in the areas 
relating to sustainability. As of  
31 December 2022, Amway had 
complied with 40 out of the 42 
recommended practices applicable 
for non-Large Companies under the 
MCCG. The finer details of the overall 
changes made to close the gap can 
be found in the Corporate Governance 
Overview Statement within this Annual 
Report and the standalone 2022 
Corporate Governance Report on the 
Group’s website. 
In May 2022, in addition to the efforts 
to align with the MCCG practices, 
Amway went on to establish a 
Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy in 
compliance with Paragraph 15.01A of 
the Main Market Listing Requirements 
(“Listing	Requirements”)	of	Bursa	
Malaysia	Securities	Berhad	(“Bursa	
Securities”).	This	policy,	which	is	
available on the Company’s website, 
guides the Nominating Committee 
(“NC”)	and	the	Board	in	reviewing	
and assessing the candidates to be 
appointed as Directors, as well as the 
Directors who are seeking election or 
re-election.
9
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 12 ----
Come May 2023, I would have served 
as	an	Independent	Non-Executive	
Director	(“INED”)	for	a	term	of	nine	
years since my appointment as a 
Director back in May 2014. In line with 
the recommendation as per Practice 
5.3 of the MCCG which states that the 
tenure of an Independent Director 
should	not	exceed	a	cumulative	term	of	
nine years, I am hereby announcing my 
retirement as the Board’s Chairperson 
and Senior INED upon the conclusion 
of	the	Company’s	Twenty-Eighth	(“28th”)	
Annual	General	Meeting	(“AGM”)	to	be	
held on 24 May 2023. 
Upon my resignation, En. Abd Malik 
Bin A Rahman, the current Chairman of 
Amway’s	Audit	Committee	(“AC”),	will	
be appointed as the new Chairman of 
the Board and a Senior INED. At the 
same time, he will step down as the 
AC Chairman as well as a member 
of	the	Nominating	Committee	(“NC”)	
and	Remuneration	Committee	(“RC”)	
in compliance with Practice 1.4 of the 
MCCG	(i.e.,	that	the	Chairman	of	the	
Board should not be a member of the 
AC,	NC	or	RC),	and	Practice	9.1	(i.e.,	
that the Chairman of the AC is not the 
Chairman	of	the	Board).	In	his	place,	as	
the new AC Chairperson, will be Ms. Ho 
Kim Poi who was appointed as an INED 
as well as a member of the AC and RC 
on 15 March 2023.
I am also pleased to report that 
of the eight Board members that 
served in FY2022, three members 
(including	myself)	comprised	women	
Directors. Equivalent to 38% of the 
Board	composition,	this	exceeded	
the requirements of Practice 5.9 of 
the MCCG that the Board comprise 
at least 30% women Directors. This 
composition will also meet the new 
requirement	of	Paragraph	15.02(1)(b)	of	
Bursa Securities’ Listing Requirements 
(which	will	come	into	effect	on	1	June	
2023),	whereby	listed	issuers	with	a	
market capitalisation of below RM2 
billion are required to have at least 
one woman Director on the Board. 
Notwithstanding my resignation in May 
2023, Amway will continue to have the 
equivalent of 38% of women directors 
on the Board with the appointment of 
Ms. Ho on 15 March 2023. With this, 
the Board continues to demonstrate 
its ongoing commitment to having a 
high level of female engagement at the 
highest decision-making levels within 
the Group.
Enhancing Our Risk Management 
Framework
On the risk management front, Amway 
has in place a robust risk management 
system to protect the Company against 
threats to its businesses. The system 
serves	to	identify	all	existing	and	
potential risks, and to also manage 
these risks as a means of safeguarding 
the Group’s interests. 
In May 2022, we identified 14 
sustainability material matters 
risks within the newly developed 
Sustainability Strategic Framework that 
was established in the same month.  
We have since incorporated the 
key risks associated with these 
sustainability material matters and their 
mitigation controls into the Group’s 
Corporate Risk Register so that we can 
monitor and address these risks. This 
action aligns with the MCCG criteria 
and leadership’s role in addressing 
material sustainability risks and 
opportunities. 
Amway upholds a strict no-tolerance 
stance against bribery and corruption 
within our organisation. We are 
committed to constantly improving our 
measures to ensure that all practices 
and dealings remain above board. 
As we move forward in our value 
creation journey, we remain committed 
to ensuring that we balance out our 
efforts between gaining new ground 
in the industry while protecting our 
existing	resources	and	operations	via	
managing our risks effectively and 
doing business ethically. 
Adopted a  
new  
sustainability 
strategic 
Framework
38% 
Women Directors  
on the Board
Amway’s  
commitment  
to serving our 
stakeholders is 
underscored by
our delivery of  
long-term value  
and growth. It  
is our aim to  
deliver positive 
performances to  
our stakeholders
which are 
supported by 
sustainable
practices and 
solutions.
CHAIRPERSOn’S STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
10
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 13 ----
Strengthening Amway’s Agenda of 
Sustainability
Amway’s commitment to serving 
our stakeholders is underscored by 
our delivery of long-term value and 
growth. It is our aim to deliver positive 
performances to our stakeholders 
which are supported by sustainable 
practices and solutions. To this 
end, plans are underway to create 
a stronger culture of sustainability 
within Amway, with a laser focus 
on incorporating the Economic, 
Environmental, Social and Governance 
(“EESG”)	considerations	into	the	
Group’s decision-making and business 
processes, as well as addressing 
material sustainability risks and 
opportunities.
Recognising how important the agenda 
of sustainability is for our long-term 
growth, the Board has been proactively 
working to overhaul and strengthen 
Amway’s sustainability practices so 
that these align with the recommended 
practices under the MCCG and the 
sustainability requirements of Bursa 
Securities. 
In May 2022, the Board approved and 
adopted Amway’s Sustainability  
Strategic Framework to guide 
and facilitate the Group’s overall 
sustainability direction and 
implementation. In February 2023, the 
Group adopted a new Sustainability 
Policy which provides further guidance 
on how Amway is to conduct its 
business responsibly. The details of 
these measures are spelt out in the 
Sustainability Statement. 
OuTLOOK AnD PROSPECTS
Looking ahead, global markets are 
expected	to	experience	a	slowdown	
in 2023 as inflationary rates hit historic 
highs and monetary policies are 
tightened. According to Bank Negara 
Malaysia, Malaysia’s full-year gross 
domestic	product	(“GDP”)	growth	is	projected	to	moderate	to	between	4%	and	
5% in 2023 amid a global slowdown. The softening growth will be mainly due to 
a	deceleration	in	external	trade	performances	as	a	result	of	further	escalation	of	
geopolitical tensions, the re-emergence of significant supply chain disruptions 
and higher interest rates globally. In spite of the gloomy global prognosis, the 
Malaysian	market	will	likely	remain	buoyant	as	its	service	exports	and	tourism	
activities continue to perform well. Pending the reopening of China, these sectors 
migh see an uptrend in activity. All in all, continued consumer spending and the 
revival of mega infrastructure projects are set to drive the domestic economy in 
2023.1
Despite	the	mixed	economic	forecast,	Amway	is	confident	of	weathering	the	
unfavourable market climate even as we continue to strengthen our business 
framework, particularly by way of embedding sustainability considerations into 
the various facets of our organisation. We will also continue to establish ourselves 
among the general public as a reputable and reliable source of health and 
wellness products. To this end, we aim to support the Malaysian Government’s 
initiatives as part of our ongoing drive to help the rakyat live healthier and better 
lives. 
1  Adapted from an article in Business Today dated 7 December 2022 titled “Malaysia’s Economic Outlook 2023: MIDF “ – refer https://www.businesstoday.com.
my/2022/12/07/malaysias-economic-outlook-2023-midf/
11
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 14 ----
Moving forward, the Board remains cautiously optimistic 
that Amway will continue to deliver modest sales growth for 
FY2023. In line with efforts to support our entrepreneurial 
ABOs and APCs as well as ensure the Group’s long-term  
sustainable growth, Amway will continue to invest 
strategically and prudently in specific areas including  
ABO and APC-centric incentive programmes, new product 
launches and promotions, health-centric communities, 
as well as digital platforms and the related delivery 
infrastructure. While these investments, coupled with 
rising costs due to inflation and non-recurring cost savings 
in	FY2022,	are	expected	to	exert	pressure	on	Amway’s	
operating margin for FY2023, we nevertheless, are quietly 
confident that we will remain profitable while continuing to 
return value to our shareholders.
Amway will continue to capitalise on our immunity-boosting 
supplements, weight management products, and ABO-led 
healthy living communities to fuel a sustainable business. 
At the same time, we will be elevating our efforts to support 
the Government’s long-term focus on preventing non-
communicable diseases. 
As	social	commerce	continues	to	rise	exponentially,	
business in the traditional sense is no longer an option for 
companies. Embracing the new normal, Amway is changing 
the way it operates and interacts with entrepreneurial ABOs 
and other stakeholders. As our ABOs continue to adapt 
swiftly to this era of “business unusual” to make the most of 
the opportunities before them, Amway will continue to make 
the ABO journey a smooth and rewarding one.
In APPRECIATIOn
On behalf of Amway’s Board of Directors, I would like to 
express	my	sincere	gratitude	to	the	many	parties	who	have 	
stood by Amway and helped us navigate a pathway to 
profitability amidst another challenging year. 
At the national level, we salute the untiring efforts of the 
rakyat as well as the many frontliners and Government 
officials who continue to step up to the plate to lend a 
helping hand during the nation’s time of great need. We are 
truly indebted to all of them for their many sacrifices and 
worthy efforts during a time of crisis.
Our heartfelt appreciation also goes to our valued  
shareholders who continue to steadfastly support and 
believe in us amidst trying times. We do not take your 
trust and confidence lightly. Rest assured that the Group 
remains resolute in delivering resilient results and creating 
sustainable value for you.
I also wish to wholeheartedly acknowledge the dedication, 
diligence and determination of our passionate ABO 
family who continue to deliver stellar performances, 
despite the difficult operating environment. A big thank 
CHAIRPERSOn’S STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
12
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 15 ----
you for entrusting us to guide you in your 
entrepreneurial journey. Amway looks forward 
to continuing to work with you in the coming 
years. Together we will dream big dreams and 
accomplish great things. 
A big note of thanks also goes out to our 
suppliers and service partners who continue 
to steadfastly support us. Y our efforts have 
been instrumental to our success and the 
Group looks forward to working with you in a 
mutually beneficial manner to deliver another 
fruitful year. 
To the Group’s employees, be it on the 
frontlines of our shops and delivery lines, 
behind the desks of our operations, or in 
work-from-home mode, your loyalty, hard 
work and resilience have seen us through 
another year of commendable results. We are 
truly indebted to all of you for your worthy 
efforts	and	the	spirit	of	excellence	that	you	
continue	to	exhibit.	
Similarly, the year’s success would not have 
been realised without the astute leadership 
of our hard-working and dedicated Senior 
Management team. We sincerely thank all 
of	you	for	your	keen	insights,	exacting	direction,	and	responsible 	
stewardship that continue to ensure the Group grows from strength to 
strength and delivers results in a profitable manner.
Last	but	not	least,	I	would	like	to	express	my	utmost	gratitude	to 	
my fellow Board members for their invaluable insights and wise 
counsel that helped guide us to safe shores amidst another 
year of unprecedented challenges. We recognise and are 
indeed grateful for the wealth of business acumen, perspectives 
and skills as well as the diversity of leadership styles that our 
Directors bring to the table. Amway is profoundly grateful to you 
for your continuing guidance.
As my tenure as Board Chairperson draws to a close, I would like to 
extend	my	utmost	gratitude	to	all	those	who	have	served	alongside 	
me during my time at Amway. I have had the privilege of seeing the 
Group resolutely ride out the ups and downs of the business cycle 
and have had the opportunity to build enduring ties with many in the 
Amway Family. I will miss those memorable times and my Amway 
Family. 
As I take my leave of the Company, I leave you in the very capable 
hands of En. Abd Malik who will take up the reins as the new Chairman 
and Senior INED of the Board following our 28 th AGM. He is no stranger 
to Amway having served on the Board and Board Committees since 
2019.	Please	extend	him,	the	Board,	and	all	of	Amway	your	full	support.	
At the same time, let us warmly welcome onboard, Ms. Ho who was 
appointed as an INED as well as a member of the AC and RC on 15 
March	2023.	With	more	than	30	years	of	experience	in	the	areas 	
of Finance and Human Resources, she brings invaluable skills and 
fresh perspectives to the Board that will certainly strengthen our 
deliberations and Amway as a whole. Upon the conclusion of the 28 th 
AGM, Ms. Ho will be redesignated as the new AC Chairperson in place 
of En. Abd Malik. We look forward to her contributions. 
Moving forward, I urge everyone to build upon the good momentum 
and solid market position that Amway has established thus far. While 
present circumstances render future conditions hard to ascertain, the 
Group remains confident that it will continue to deliver another resilient 
performance in the new financial year with your steadfast support. 
I bid you all adieu with a tinge of sadness, but at the same time,  
I	am	excitedly	looking	forward	to	hearing	about	all	the	great	things 	
that Amway will accomplish in the days ahead. Thank you for the 
exceedingly	kind	support	everyone	and	take	good	care.	
TAn SRI FAIZAH BInTI MOHD TAHIR
Chairperson	and	Senior	Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Embracing the new 
normal, Amway is 
changing the way it 
operates and interacts 
with entrepreneurial 
ABOs and other 
stakeholders. As our ABOs 
continue to adapt swiftly 
to this era of “business 
unusual” to make the 
most of the opportunities 
before them, Amway will 
continue to make the ABO 
journey a smooth and 
rewarding one.
13
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 16 ----
MAnAGEMEnT  
DISCuSSIOn & AnAL YSIS
The financial year ended 31 December 
2022	(“FY2022”),	saw	Amway	and	its	
subsidiaries	(“the	Group”)	transition	
to the endemic stage of COVID-19, 
while focusing on sustained growth 
and shareholder value creation. The 
Group continued to build upon the 
success of solid initiatives established 
in FY2021 – namely the rollout of the 
Amway	Privileged	Customer	(“APC”)	
programme,	expansion	of	the	Core	
Plus+ discretionary incentives for 
Amway	Business	Owners	(“ABOs”),	
eCommerce website enhancements, 
improved home delivery operations, 
and modernised customer service 
tools. The Group also made the most 
of nutrition initiatives to drive health 
and wellness lifestyles and increase 
demand for Nutrilite products. Following 
two consecutive years of impressive 
growth, Amway’s sales growth 
moderated in FY2022. However, the 
Group still went on to achieve a new 
record-high revenue of RM1,514.8 
million. Meanwhile, the Group’s profit 
before	tax	rose	107.3%	to	RM103.1	
million due to long-deferred product 
price increases and lower incentive 
pay-outs in line with normalised sales 
growth.
Mike Duong
Managing Director of 
Amway Malaysia, Singapore 
and Brunei 
14
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 17 ----
In FY2022, Amway continued to strategically focus on specific measures 
to achieve long-term business growth. These measures included making 
ongoing investments in its entrepreneurial ABOs and employees, launching 
new health and wellness products and programmes, as well as continuing to 
upgrade its eCommerce systems, the related delivery channels and operational 
infrastructure.	The	Group	also	successfully	tapped	existing	and	emerging	
megatrends to ensure that Amway remains relevant in the dynamic marketplace 
as well as bolstered corporate sustainability governance frameworks and 
initiatives to future-ready the business.
With all these elements in place, Amway continues to cement its position as the 
leading health and wellness company for entrepreneurial business owners and 
consumers in Malaysia while delivering sustainable value to its stakeholders.
MAKInG SOLID PROGRESS DESPITE OnGOInG HEADWInDS 
The start of 2022 saw many nations just beginning to recover from the 
challenges brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic and there was a renewed 
hope that things would get better. However, following Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine in February 2022, a global slowdown in economic activities and a 
widespread energy crisis ensued. In addition to a steep hike in inflation rates 
and cost of living, supply chain disruptions arose, which in turn sparked fears 
of a global recession in 2023. Thankfully, economic growth proved surprisingly 
resilient and the energy crisis in Europe too turned out to be less severe than 
initially feared as did the fears of inflation. Against this backdrop, global growth 
came	in	at	3.4%	in	2022	in	comparison	to	6.2%	growth	in	2021.1
In	Malaysia,	the	domestic	economy	recorded	gross	domestic	product	(“GDP”)	
growth	of	8.7%	for	2022,	surpassing	an	initial	forecast	of	6.5%	to	7%	and	marking	
the	fastest	full-year	growth	in	22	years	(2021:	3.1%).	This	growth	was	triggered	
by the resumption of economic and social activities, the recovery of Malaysia’s 
tourism industry, intensified policy support, as well as improved labour market 
and	income	conditions.	The	continued	expansion	in	domestic	demand,	a	firm	
recovery	in	the	labour	market,	and	resilience	in	external	demand	also	supported	
the year’s GDP growth.2
On	the	retail	front,	Retail	Group	Malaysia	Sdn	Bhd	(“RGM”)	reported	that	retail	 
sales	in	the	third	quarter	of	2022	(“Q3	2022”),	soared	by	96%,	bringing	the	first	
nine months’ growth to 45.9% compared with a year ago during the pandemic.  
However, these numbers, while encouraging, are unprecedented and predominantly  
a result of a low base effect. The strong growth rates were mainly due to the 
lockdowns in 2021, not due to strong economic recovery or income growth.3
For	Q4	2022,	RGM	estimates	retail	sales	to	expand	by	just	6%	while	the	overall	
growth	for	2022	is	forecast	to	reach	41.6%,	translating	into	RM124.5	billion	
in	retail	industry	turnover	as	compared	to	RM87.9	billion	in	2021.	(This	figure	
does not include retail sales from provision and sundry shops, wet markets, 
other non-formal retail outlets, direct 
sales and pure-play online shopping 
platforms).	During	the	pandemic,	retail	
sales	contracted	by	16.3%	in	2020	and	
by another 2.3% in 2021. For 2023, 
overall growth is forecast to be 3.5%, 
representing RM128.8 billion in retail 
turnover. 
Effective 1 April 2022, Malaysia officially 
entered into the Transition to Endemic 
Phase following the effectiveness of 
public health prevention and control 
measures, including the National 
COVID-19 Immunisation Programme. 
Throughout 2022, the nation also had 
to contend with headwinds such as 
the global shortage of workers, the 
weakening of the Malaysian Ringgit, 
rising inflation, an unstable economy, 
and political uncertainty, among other 
things.
Amidst this challenging backdrop, 
Amway maintained its health and 
wellness focus and supported 
Malaysia’s nationwide transition to the 
endemic phase of COVID-19. At the 
same time, Amway lent support to the 
nation’s Agenda Nasional Malaysia 
Sihat initiative to combat the health 
crisis made worse by the staggering 
number of Malaysians suffering from 
non-communicable diseases.
FY2022’s positive performance 
stemmed from Amway’s advocacy 
of health and wellness solutions 
and health-centric lifestyles, as well 
as prudent investments to support 
entrepreneurial ABOs, hardworking 
employees, and loyal customers. 
Launched in FY2021, the APC 
programme and additional Core Plus+ 
discretionary incentives, coupled with 
the continued strong demand for 
health and wellness products, helped 
the Group reach 419,900 new ABO 
and APC signups, grow the total core 
force size to almost half a million ABO 
and APC members, and achieve an 
average of 182,700 buyers per month 
in FY2022. Altogether, Amway grew in 
terms of top-line sales, force size, buyer 
count, and Nutrilite health and wellness 
product sales. 
In addition, the Group continued 
to strengthen eCommerce online 
orders and contactless home delivery 
experiences,	which	accounted	for	
over 58% of FY2022’s annual sales. 
1		 Extracted	from	the	International	Monetary	Fund’s	(IMF)	“World	Economic	Outlook:	Inflation	Peaking	Amid	Low	Growth”	publication	(January	2023)	–	refer	https://www.imf.org/
en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2023/01/31/world-economic-outlook-update-january-2023
2		Extracted	 from	a	CNBC	article	titled	“Malaysia	posts	stronger-than-expected	GDP	in	fourth	quarter;	global	slowdown	clouds	outlook”	dated	9	February	2023	–	refer	 
https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/10/malaysia-posts-stronger-than-expected-q4-gdp-global-slowdown-clouds-outlook.html#:~:text=The	 central	 bank	 has	 said,and	 higher	
interest rates globally.
3		Extracted	from	an	article	in	the	Edge	Markets	dated	20	December	2022	titled,	“Retailers	advised	to	brace	for	tough	months	post-CNY”	–	refer	https://www.theedgemarkets.
com/article/retailers-advised-brace-tough-months-postcny.
15
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 18 ----
MAnAGEMEnT DISCuSSIOn & AnAL YSIS (COnT’D)
Building upon the enhancements 
that we made to our processes in 
FY2021, we continued to refine our 
backend design, policy alignment and 
future planning initiatives. Changes 
and improvements included the 
installation of features such as our 
Zendesk, chatbot, online returns and 
replacement order capabilities, to name 
a few. These changes to our systems, 
tools and policies have facilitated 
enhanced services which will in turn 
support our future success. 
In April 2022, Malaysia transitioned 
to the endemic phase of COVID-19. 
Consequently, Amway was able to 
reopen its physical stores and resume 
in-person ABO activities, rallies and 
events. As a result, physical store sales 
increased to 43% in December versus 
35% at the beginning of the year. 
In FY2023, we are looking to ramp 
up both our physical and eCommerce 
stores with the following improvements:
New shop operating hours;
Home-delivery only stock 
keeping units;
New	experience	centres;
In-home after-sales services;
Designated delivery and  
pick-up points; and
Fast retail trials;
Online returns and  
replacement services;
East Malaysia home delivery  
from Peninsular Malaysia.
Despite the many challenges faced in FY2022, the Amway business continued 
to grow steadfastly. Today, the Group continues to undertake the necessary 
measures to grow strong, loyal communities of ABOs and customers as well as 
position itself as a national leader in the Health and Wellness segment. 
DELIVERInG A COMMEnDABLE FInAnCIAL PERFORMAnCE
Sales Revenue
Following two consecutive years of impressive sales growth during the 
pandemic, sales revenue growth normalised in FY2022. The Group posted sales 
revenue amounting to RM1,514.8 million – a new record to date, representing 
a 1.9% increase in comparison to the RM1,485.9 million attained in FY2021. The 
sales increase was mainly driven by strong demand for health and wellness as 
well as personal care products on the back of the Lead with Nutrition initiatives.
Earnings
For	FY2022,	the	Group’s	profit	before	tax	(“PBT”)	rose	107.3%	to	reach	 
RM103.1 million in comparison to the RM49.7 million garnered in the preceding 
year. The year’s PBT was mainly underpinned by price increases and lower 
ABO incentives. During the pandemic years of FY2020/21, investment into 
ABO incentives was significantly higher attributable to two years of hyper 
sales growth. With sales growth returning to moderate levels in FY2022, the 
investment into these incentives normalised.
Dividends
The Group is committed to safeguarding shareholders’ interests and creating 
long-term sustainable value. In line with the Company’s dividend policy, Amway 
distributes a gross dividend of not less than 80% of the annual net earnings to 
equity holders of the Company. This is ultimately dependent on the company’s 
level of cash and retained earnings, business operations, financial performance, 
prospects,	capital	expenditure,	and	current	and	expected	obligations.
In respect of FY2022, Amway paid out three single-tier interim dividends of  
5.0 sen net per share amounting to RM24.7 million. 
On 27 February 2023, the Board declared a fourth single-tier interim dividend of 
5.0 sen net per share and a special single-tier interim of 18.0 sen net per share 
amounting to RM37.8 million. Shareholders’ entitlement to the fourth single-tier 
interim dividend and the special single-tier interim dividend was determined 
based on shareholders registered in the Record of Depositors as of 15 March 
2023. The corresponding payment was made on 29 March 2023. 
For FY2022, Amway made a total dividend payout of 38 sen net per share, 
amounting	to	a	total	of	RM62.5	million	–	higher	than	the	total	dividend	payout	of	
24.0 sen, which amounted to RM39.5 million paid out in FY2021. This represents 
a payout ratio of 81% of net earnings for FY2022 and underscores the Group’s 
commitment to delivering sustainable value to shareholders even amidst 
challenging times.
Financial Position and Liquidity
The Group continues to retain a healthy balance sheet while liquidity remains 
strong. This provides Amway with the necessary resources to sustain business 
operations over both the short-term and long-term, as well as the capabilities to 
fund	future	capital	expenditure	and	growth	initiatives	when	opportunities	emerge.
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s net assets per share stood at RM1.54 per 
share compared with net assets per share of RM1.31 at the end of FY2021. The 
improvement came on the back of higher profit achieved for the year and was 
partially offset by dividend payments.
At	the	end	of	FY2022,	the	Group’s	current	assets	exceeded	current	liabilities	
by	RM146.9	million	as	compared	to	RM98.4	million	at	the	end	of	FY2021.	At	the	
end of FY2022, Amway’s cash and bank balances stood at RM180.3 million in 
comparison	to	RM236.8	million	at	the	end	of	FY2021.	The	Group	had	zero	bank	
The Group is also looking to launch 
additional “Go Green” programmes 
for our home delivery and after-sales 
services. 
16
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 19 ----
borrowings at the end of FY2022, 
similar to its borrowing position at the 
end of FY2021.
Capital Expenditure, Requirements, 
Structure and Resources
The	Group	made	capital	expenditure	
(“CAPEX”)	investments	of	RM3.6	million	
in	FY2022,	versus	RM6.1	million	
for	FY2021.	The	FY2022	CAPEX	
investments comprised mainly of 
enhancements	to	ABO	experience-
related infrastructure, eCommerce 
backend systems, chatbot/live agent 
customer service, and online returns 
capabilities. The Group also purchased 
additional product tracking equipment 
to	track	unauthorised	exporting	and	
selling on third-party eCommerce 
platforms and invested in facilities 
to better support ABO business 
development activities.
Moving forward into FY2023, the 
Group will focus on finetuning its 
existing	infrastructure,	enhancing	its	
warehouse facilities, and developing its 
first mobile native eCommerce app.
STREnGTHEnInG THE FOunDATIOn FOR AMWAY’S  
50TH AnnIVERSARY
Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	was	established	in	1976	with	the	
vision of “Helping People Live Better, Healthier Lives”. From its humble 
beginnings as a single storefront supplier of consumer goods, the Group 
has grown to become an industry-leading player in Malaysia and one of 
Amway Global’s top-10 performing affiliate markets. According to the 2021 
Direct Selling Retail Sales Report issued by the World Federation of Direct 
Selling	Associations	or	WFDSA,	Malaysia	is	also	ranked	6th	globally	(up	from	
7th	place	in	the	global	list	from	the	previous	year)	and	4th in Asia Pacific in 
terms of direct selling sales.4
In Malaysia, Amway continues to be recognised as a reputable household 
name and one of the industry’s leading health and wellness players. Today, 
the Group has 22 stores nationwide and over 450 high-quality consumer 
goods ranging from health supplements and energy products, to skincare, 
personal care, and durables. Amway offers solutions for a healthier lifestyle 
via health and wellness products, particularly under the Nutrilite brand.
With some 47 years of history backing us, Amway Malaysia’s fundamentals 
remain strong and the business continues to grow profitably and 
sustainably. The Group remains committed to upholding our Founders’ 
Fundamentals of “Freedom, Family, Hope, and Reward” as it has done all 
these years. That commitment is reflected in the Group’s determination to 
provide the best opportunity and platform for entrepreneurial ABOs to build 
a personalised community of engaged customers. 
For FY2022, Amway focused on training, growing, retaining, and increasing 
entrepreneurial ABO productivity. The Group worked together with ABO 
partners to strengthen their businesses, ensuring these are firmly built on solid, 
healthy frameworks capable of delivering sustainable, long-term returns.
As the Group moves towards celebrating its 50th	anniversary	in	2026,	
Amway is determined to deliver strong and sustainable value by leveraging 
emerging megatrends and the evolving needs of entrepreneurial business 
owners and customers.
4		Extracted	 from	 the	 President’s	 Message	 in	 the	 Malaysia	 Direct	 Seller	 publication	 dated	 22	 October	 2022	 –	 refer	 https://issuu.com/harini.mservices/docs/mds_
be_2022/s/17167416.
1,485.949.7
2022
2022
2021
2021
SALES REVEnuE
(RM’	Million)
PROFIT BEFORE TAx
(RM’	Million)
+1.9%
+107.3%
1,514.8103.1
17
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 20 ----
EMBRACInG MEGATREnDS, 
unLEASHInG POTEnTIAL
The Group recognises how important 
it is to study past, present, and future 
transformative global patterns and 
trends to ensure Amway remains 
relevant to dynamic market conditions. 
For the past few years, Amway has 
studied the disruptive new megatrends 
that have emerged as a result of 
technological innovation, demographic 
shifts, spread of globalisation, and 
more recently, due to the global 
COVID-19 pandemic and climate 
change concerns. 
Acknowledging that these market 
trends will significantly affect future 
markets and consumer behaviour, 
the Group has aligned its strategies 
with these influential forces and 
will continue to leverage them to 
grow the Amway business. In doing 
so, the company is future-readying 
its employee workforce as well as 
empowering entrepreneurial ABOs 
to build sustainable businesses and 
communities to make the most of these 
influential forces.
While the number of universal 
megatrends	continues	to	expand,	
the Group has focused its efforts on 
four megatrends most relevant to 
the Amway business – namely the 
“Bricks and Clicks”, “Healthy Living”, 
“Connected Middle-Class Consumers” 
and the “Rise of Gig Economy Workers” 
megatrends. In the following pages, 
the Group addresses how these 
megatrends are influencing the future 
and discusses how Amway is tapping 
these influential forces to strengthen 
the business.
MAnAGEMEnT DISCuSSIOn & AnAL YSIS (COnT’D)
MEGATREnD #1: BRICKS AnD CLICKS
The term “bricks and clicks” was coined by research and consulting 
firm	Frost	&	Sullivan	a	decade	ago	to	explain	the	transition	of	traditional	
brick-and-mortar retail establishments to integrated cross-channel 
models which combined both virtual and physical platforms. At that time, 
Frost & Sullivan predicted that bricks and clicks-type businesses would 
comprise 20% of total retail spending and reach a value of US$4.3 trillion 
by 2025. However, that prediction was surpassed by some five years 
as retail eCommerce sales worldwide skyrocketed to US$4.28 trillion 
in 2020 fuelled by the pandemic. Retail eCommerce then went on to 
garner	approximately	US$5.2	trillion	in	worldwide	sales	in	2021	and	this	is	
forecast	to	grow	by	56%	to	reach	approximately	US$8.1	trillion	by	2026.5
Today, Malaysia remains among the fastest-growing eCommerce 
markets in Southeast Asia. According to analytics company, GlobalData, 
the	Malaysian	eCommerce	market	is	forecast	to	expand	by	19.9%	in	
2022, reaching US$9.2 billion in value. GlobalData further projects that 
eCommerce sales in Malaysia will increase at a compound annual growth 
rate	(“CAGR”)	of	16.1%	between	2022	and	2026	to	reach	US$16.6	billion	
by	then.	This	growth	is	being	supported	by	the	fast-expanding	shift	from	
offline to online purchasing, the rapid adoption of smartphones, growing 
Internet penetration, and the availability of secure online payment 
systems.	Even	with	the	relaxation	of	movement	restrictions	post	pandemic,	
Malaysian consumers continue to favour online shopping with nearly 
90% of Malaysian consumers reportedly having shopped online over the 
study’s	six	month	period.6
5	 Data	extracted	 from	 Statista’s	research	 on	 global	 retail	 e-commerce	 sales	 worldwide	 from	 2014	 to	 2026	 dated	 September	 2022	 –	 refer	 https://www.statista.com/
statistics/379046/worldwide-retail-e-commerce-sales/.
6	 Adapted	from	an	article	in	Inside	Retail	dated	27	October	2022	titled	“Malaysian	e-commerce	market	to	grow	by	19.9	per	cent	this	year”–	refer	https://insideretail.
asia/2022/10/27/malaysian-e-commerce-market-to-grow-by-19-9-per-cent-this-year/.
19.9%
Malaysian 
eCommerce 
growth 
forecast 2022
16.1%
Malaysian Sales  
CAGR	(2022-2026)
nearly 90%
of Malaysian 
consumers prefer 
online shopping
The Group has focused its efforts on four megatrends most relevant to 
the Amway business – namely the “Bricks and Clicks”, “Healthy Living”, 
“Connected Middle-Class Consumers” and the “Rise of Gig Economy 
Workers” megatrends.
18
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 21 ----
Bolstering Amway’s eCommerce Capacity and Digital Capabilities
While the Group had already begun to invest in digital infrastructure and 
eCommerce initiatives before the onset of the pandemic, the original five-year  
plan was fast-tracked and brought to life over two years during the pandemic.  
The height of the pandemic saw online sales account for 100% of total sales 
registered by Amway. Even as Amway reopened physical stores following the full 
resumption of Malaysia’s economic sectors, and as ABOs and APCs returned to 
shopping in-store, online sales remained strong at 58% for FY2022. 
However, the average monthly pageviews and visitors to the www.amway.my 
eCommerce	website	dipped	slightly	to	10.6	million	and	1.98	million	respectively.	
This	was	expected	given	the	reopening	of	physical	stores	and	as	shoppers	began	
to indulge in “revenge shopping” after a long pandemic-induced hiatus. Although 
slightly lower than FY2021’s results, these numbers were significantly higher than 
those recorded before the onset of the pandemic. Monthly enhancement releases 
to the www.amway.my website and related infrastructure bore good results as 
reflected in the User Satisfaction Score which grew from 81% at the beginning of 
the year to a high of 89% in November 2022.
In line with industry trends, Amway’s ABOs and APCs have been utilising credit 
and debit cards for online purchases, along with the zero-interest payment 
facilities offered by the various banks. Other digital payment methods such as 
the	Buy	Now,	Pay	Later	(“BNPL”)	initiative	are	also	showing	strong	growth	among	
Malaysian online consumers with Business Wire projecting a CAGR of 35% 
between 2022 and 2028. In tandem with this, the Group introduced Atome, a 
leading BNPL provider in Malaysia, as an additional payment channel to enhance 
the	eCommerce	experience.	
In FY2022, Amway enhanced its eCommerce architecture to provide a more 
practical and efficient user interface and processes, as well as a more engaging 
and	convenient	eCommerce	experience.	Leveraging	cloud	computing	and	
powered by HybrisCORE, the full omnichannel platform facilitates online, mobile, 
and in-store sales in an intuitive manner. The Group also enhanced its eCommerce 
backend systems and online return platform to improve the ABO and APC 
shopping	experience.	
Building on Amway’s FY2021 efforts to help ABOs and APCs shift towards  
online purchasing and business transactions, the Group continued to enhance 
its eCommerce capabilities with a 
focus	on	seamless	user	experiences.	
Towards this end, FY2022 saw the 
release of over 100 enhancements. 
The key enhancements included the 
following: 
Advance payments for 
Easy Payment Plan or 
EPP instalments;
A Mobile Business 
Dashboard for ABOs;
The Amway Product 
Recommender with 
built-in data-science 
models; 
Mandarin and Malay 
language capabilities 
on the chatbot; and
A BNPL payment 
capability by Atome; 
UI/UX	enhancements	
to the website menu, 
layout, shopping 
cart, and business 
centre to improve the 
customer journey;
Personalised 
notifications to ABOs 
relating to unpaid 
bonuses;
Further 
personalisation 
enhancements to 
the Amway Loyalty 
Programme.
19
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 22 ----
Digitalisation is helping the Group refine its 
processes to make sure entrepreneurial ABOs and 
APCs are equipped with the right tools. These were 
among some of FY2022’s digital endeavours: 
MAnAGEMEnT DISCuSSIOn & AnAL YSIS (COnT’D)
Ongoing enhancements to 
the Digital Product Catalogue 
launched in 2021;
The ABO/APC eCard being made 
available on www.amway.my so 
that ABOs and APCs can access 
everything they need in one 
central location;
An eCommerce digital packing 
list, thereby reducing over two 
million pieces of paper from 
home delivery operations.
The Amway Malaysia Telegram 
Public Channel for ABOs and 
APCs to facilitate better push 
communications and updates;
Consolidation of the Group’s 
digital resources, apps, and 
websites in favour of streamlining 
the content onto social media to 
facilitate better reach; and
Galvanised by the pandemic situation, the Group 
experienced	explosive	growth	and	a	sudden	shift	 
to online orders and home delivery channels. 
In tandem with this, Amway put in measures to 
increase its order picking capacity by 400%, 
prioritise same-day shipping, find capable delivery 
carrier partners, and make the transition to a 7-days 
per week operation. The combination of these 
efforts allowed the Group to achieve a record 99% 
on-time	delivery	from	June	2022	onwards.
Today, as society and economies embrace 
digitalisation wholeheartedly, the Group is  
committed to augmenting its digital infrastructure 
and investing in eCommerce solutions and delivery 
services to maintain its sales growth and online 
trajectory. Moving forward in FY2023, Amway will 
continue to look at more system enhancements and 
develop its first-ever native mobile eCommerce app.
MEGATREnD #2: HEALTHY LIVInG
According to a study by McKinsey and Company published 
in 2021, the wellness market is booming with consumers 
intending to keep spending on wellness more than they 
ever have before. Wellness is now a US$1.5 trillion market 
globally – and it is growing at a clip of 5% to 10% each year. 
McKinsey research shows that consumers are most interested 
in	six	wellness	categories,	namely	health,	fitness,	nutrition,	
appearance, sleep, and mindfulness.7
Wellness has evolved from an emphasis on treatment to 
an emphasis on prevention with consumers wanting to take 
charge of their own health. This in turn is being driven by 
different factors, among which are technology and the cost 
of healthcare. Consumers today have been empowered by 
technology, are better informed, and are able to make choices 
about their own healthcare. The cost of health care is also 
driving the evolution of self-care; so much so that rather than 
going to a doctor or trying to get a prescription, consumers are 
now looking for more cost-effective options such as self-care 
and self-treatment. Over the long-term, digital health, self-
care,	and	eCommerce	are	all	expected	to	play	a	central	role	in	
shaping the future of wellness.8
In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, health has been firmly 
entrenched as the new wealth among people from all levels 
of society. All this has led to higher demand for immunity-
boosting supplements as well supplements related to energy, 
gut health, children and weight loss. This trend which is set to 
maintain its upward trajectory for the near future, bodes well 
for Amway given that health and wellness are the Group’s core 
strengths.
7,	8	 Extracted	from	McKinsey	&	Company’s	The	Next	Normal	publication	on	“The	future	of	wellness:	Connected	and	customized”	–	refer	https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/
McKinsey/Featured%20Insights/The%20Next%20Normal/The-Next-Normal-The-future-of-wellness.
20
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 23 ----
Capitalising on the Demand for Holistic Health and Wellness Products 
Amway has been able to make the most of this megatrend by offering consumers best-in-class 
products ranging from health supplements and skincare to home care products. By tapping the 
high-quality and innovative products within Amway’s Nutrition and Wellness category, the Group 
provides entrepreneurial ABOs and customers more options to achieve healthy and  
well-balanced lifestyles. 
In FY2022, the Group concentrated on strengthening its reputation as a key health and wellness 
solution provider. With this goal in mind, Amway introduced a host of products for the nutrition 
and wellness as well as beauty segments. The Group also partnered with third-party companies to 
deliver more health and wellness products to customers. 
The year in review saw Amway launching the following:
Improved Formula nutrilite DOuBLE x 
 Amway’s signature Nutrilite product is 
now reformulated to contain 11 vitamins, 
10 minerals and 19 plant concentrates that 
help	neutralise	excessive	free	radicals	in	
the body reactively and proactively.
 nutrition 
and 
Wellness
nutrilite Botanical Beverage 
Berries with Lutein
 Packed with the goodness 
of marigold flowers, 
chrysanthemums, and 
wolfberries, this beverage 
helps protect one’s eyesight 
against harsh environmental 
and lifestyle factors. 
nutrilite Botanical 
Beverage Apple, 
Jujube & Wheat 
Peptide
 This beverage helps 
strengthen the stomach 
with a unique blend 
of jujube and ginger 
to ease stomach 
discomfort, along with 
wheat peptide and kelp 
to protect the stomach 
lining.
nutrilite Cranberry 
Fruit Drink Base with 
Probiotic, Inulin  
& FOS 
 This cranberry-flavoured 
probiotic supplement 
helps maintain women’s 
vaginal health and gut 
health.
xS IGnITE Blood Orange 
Fruit Drink Base with 
Isomaltulose  
& L-Glutamine 
 Scientifically formulated 
to naturally boost 
workout performance 
and metabolism, this 
fruit drink base boosts 
one’s energy and helps 
consumers reach their 
ideal body shape.
Vital Treasures 
PInK BLOOM 
Botanical Beverage 
Raspberry, 
Red Dates & 
Pomegranate 
Extract
 This ready-to-drink 
botanical essence 
helps improve 
vitality for women in 
all stages of life.
Vital Treasures ROSYSHInE 
Botanical Beverage Berries, 
Rose Petal Extract & Grape 
Seed Extract 
 This ready-to-drink 
botanical essence 
promotes brighter 
glowing skin with 
a healthy rosy 
shine.Plant to Table by 
nutrilite
 A sub-brand from 
Nutrilite offering a new 
plant-based range 
comprising:
•	 White	Chia	Seed	Oil;
•	 Green	Tea	Mix	With	
Rose; and
•	 White	Tea	Mix	with	
Chrysanthemum & 
Goji Berry.
21
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 24 ----
The Group also released these Limited Edition Bundles to further support customers who are embracing a healthier lifestyle: 
MAnAGEMEnT DISCuSSIOn & AnAL YSIS (COnT’D)
1. nutrilite Seize the Day Kit
 Comprising five supplements, this 
bundle helps fill nutritional gaps in 
consumers who live a hectic lifestyle 
while neutralising free radicals 
proactively and reactively with the 
Improved	Formula	DOUBLE	X.
2. nutrilite 24/7 Health Guard Kit
 Comprising four supplements, this 
bundle helps consumers maintain 
their health by having quality 
supplements working in tandem with 
the	Improved	Formula	DOUBLE	X.
3. BodyKey by nutrilite Start up Pack 
(Turbo Edition)
 A 30-day targeted solution guides 
consumers on a healthy weight 
management journey that includes 
nutritionally balanced shakes and 
supplements that promote well-
being. 
To further encourage ABOs and APCs to embrace health and wellness more holistically, the Group launched third-party 
products	and	appliances	which	included	the	Celebration	Mooncakes	Infused	with	Nutrilite	Soy	Protein,	Dreamland	Chiromax	
Mattress	and	Headboard	Divan	Set,	and	most	notably,	the	Noxxa	Low	Sugar	Rice	Cooker.	With	the	tagline,	“Wellness	begins	
with	healthier	rice”,	the	SGS-certified	Noxxa	Low	Sugar	Rice	Cooker	reduces	up	to	41%	of	the	starch	in	white	rice.	
In	FY2022,	Amway	extended	its	ARTISTRY	SKIN	NUTRITION	portfolio	which	offers	Balancing,	
Hydrating, Renewing, and Firming Solutions. These products offer guaranteed safety, purity, 
efficacy, and traceability back to Amway’s certified organic farms. The products are infused 
with	Nutrilite-grown	botanicals	(including	our	hero	ingredient,	White	Chia	Seed	extract),	rich	
phytonutrients and clean ingredients:Beauty
1. ARTISTRY SKIn 
nuTRITIOn Vitamin 
C+HA3 Daily Serum 
 With double the Vitamin 
C, this improved product 
promotes even skin 
tone, protects against 
ageing free radicals, 
and keeps skin looking 
younger by adding 
plumpness, hydration 
and firmness.
2. ARTISTRY InTEnSIVE 
SKInCARE Vita 
Collagen Capsule 
(Limited Edition)
 This product is designed 
to rebuild skin density 
so that it stays bouncy, 
elastic and smooth, 
with higher collagen 
concentration and 
added 7-Vitamin 
Complex.
22
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 25 ----
1. ARTISTRY SKIn nuTRITIOn 
Balancing Solution 3-Step Set  
(Full Size) – Ideal for Oily and 
normal to Oily skin
	 A	sleek	box	set	put	together	for	oily	
and unbalanced skin with its three-
step skincare regimen. 
2. ARTISTRY SKIn nuTRITIOn 
Hydrating Solution 3-Step Set  
(Full Size) – Ideal for Dry and 
normal to Dry skin  
	 A	sleek	box	set	with	a	three-step	
skincare regimen to overcome 
dryness and premature ageing.
3. ARTISTRY SKIn nuTRITIOn 
Renewing Solution 3-Step Set  
(Full Size) – Ideal for Dry skin
	 A	sleek	box	set	with	a	three-step	
skincare regimen to overcome 
unwanted visible signs of ageing.
4. ARTISTRY Collagen Glow Duo 
 Combining ARTISTRY SKIN 
NUTRITION Vitamin C+HA3 Daily 
Serum and ARTISTRY INTENSIVE 
SKINCARE Vita Collagen Capsule, 
this duo helps to diminish skin 
dullness, targets signs of ageing, 
amplifies the brightening effect and 
provides deep hydration. 
The	Group	introduced	holistic	box	sets	comprising	our	three-step	skincare	regiments	that	aim	to	fulfil	the	skin’s	basic	needs	
and Limited Edition Bundles to meet customer demand:
5. ARTISTRY 5-Day Solutions 
 Consisting of four combinations – Balance+Glow, Hydrate+Glow, Renew+Glow, and 
Firm+Glow, these bundles help to achieve healthier, glowing, younger-looking skin 
in just five days.
The year also saw the Group streamlining its organisational structure and product portfolios to enable a stronger focus 
on product innovation, as well as ensure better alignment with Amway’s vision statement of “Helping People Live Better, 
Healthier Lives” and its Health and Wellness positioning.
23
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 26 ----
MAnAGEMEnT DISCuSSIOn & AnAL YSIS (COnT’D)
MEGATREnD #3: COnnECTED MIDDLE-CLASS COnSuMERS
Over the past few years, two megatrends, namely the “Connected Consumer” megatrend and the “Middle-Class 
Retreat” megatrend have been converging more noticeably. The “Connected Consumer” is all about how the 
evolution	of	the	Internet	and	the	Internet	of	Things	(“IoT”)	are	providing	consumers	access	to	an	unprecedented	
flood of options at their fingertips. Frost & Sullivan predicts that the following will take place by the year 2025: 
machine learning, big data and blockchain technology will take centre stage; there will be over 7 connected devices 
per human in the world, over 5 billion mobile Internet users, and some 1.2 billion 5G subscribers; at the same time, 
there will be a 10 times increase in data generation. As a highly connected world emerges and the full potential of 
IoT and multiple innovative applications are unleashed in a more affordable manner, the way we live, communicate 
and conduct business will be transformed dramatically.9
The “Middle-Class Retreat” megatrend on the other hand refers to the mega shift in consumer behaviour whereby 
people are adopting thriftier lifestyles and prioritising waste reduction. The rise of this “glorified frugality” sub-
culture is owing to the fast increasing cost of living that is stretching the spending power of the middle class which 
has not seen their fortunes truly increase since the 2008-2009 global financial crisis.
The marriage of these two megatrends has given rise to “super consumers”, namely connected middle-class 
consumers	who	leverage	the	breadth	of	their	connectivity	to	achieve	maximum	value	with	their	limited	resources	at	
the lowest cost possible. As such, retailers who can deliver value without compromising on quality are more sought 
after by super consumers.
9 Adapted from Frost & Sullivan’s insights on Mega Trends – refer https://www.frost.com/research/visionary-innovation/mega-trends/connectivity-and-convergence-connected-living/
Recognised for Product Excellence
Amway’s products continue to be acknowledged for their unrelenting commitment to 
delivering	excellent	value	and	uncompromising	quality.	
Nutrilite has won Gold and Platinum Awards in the Reader’s Digest Trusted Brand Awards’ 
Vitamin/Health	Supplement	(Malaysia)	category	since	2005.	In	2022,	Nutrilite	received	a	
Gold Award for the 18th	consecutive	year,	reaffirming	its	position	as	the	world’s	#1	selling	
vitamin and dietary supplement brand.
Amway’s innovative eSpring Water Treatment System was selected for the 17th year in a 
row as the winner of the Reader’s Digest Trusted Brand Gold Award in the Water Purifier 
Category for both Malaysia and Asia. In addition, eSpring also received the Frost & Sullivan 
Asia-Pacific Home Water Treatment Competitive Strategy Leadership Award for the 13th 
consecutive year.
24
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 27 ----
Satisfying the needs of the Amway Super Consumer and Personalised Communities
In the year under review, Amway proved its commitment to creating value for its ABOs and customers by introducing  
award-winning products, innovative campaigns, and personalised communities that catered to all lifestyle and business needs. 
Delivered	in	a	fun	and	attractive	manner	to	ensure	maximum	participation,	these	campaigns	are	part	of	the	Group’s	strategy	to	
shift more ABOs, their customers, and the Malaysian rakyat towards healthier lifestyles.
In FY2022, Amway rolled out the following consumer campaigns:
nutrition and Wellness Campaigns
Foundation in nutrition and 
Wellness Certificate Programme
The programme was held in Q2 
2022 for Leaders, and due to 
overwhelming demand, it was 
conducted again in Q3 2022 for all 
ABOs. The programme aims to help 
participants	expand	their	nutritional	
knowledge and grow their Nutrilite 
business.
BodyKey Own-It Challenge 
Using	the	BodyKey	app,	this	60-
day challenge is designed to help 
participants manage their weight 
sustainably in teams while building 
a fitness support group and retailing 
BodyKey at the same time.
BodyKey 21 Days of Change Programme 
The 21-day lifestyle-oriented 
programme aims to guide beginners on 
how to build healthy, long-term weight 
management habits with fun and 
engaging content. 
BodyKey Warrior Virtual Programme 
(Season 3)
An intermediate level programme 
which	aims	to	expand	participants’	
BodyKey knowledge, health and 
business while improving health, 
building communities and mastering 
the keys to success. In Season 2, 
celebrities such as Atilia Haron and 
Reyhana Yunus joined hands with 
dietitian Indra Balaratnam, nutritionists 
and fitness coaches, to train, educate 
and empower ABOs to manage their 
weight sustainably and lead a fitter 
lifestyle.
Start Y our Day Right with Protein Power
Launched in September 2021, this educational campaign focuses on the 
importance of adding soy protein into daily diet regimes, and how one 
can optimise their health with the right pairing of Nutrilite products.
BodyKey Y oung@Heart 
The event, which took place in Q4 2022 at the Bukit Kiara  
Equestrian & Country Resort, Kuala Lumpur, enabled hundreds of 
participants	to	experience	the	all-new	XS	IGNITE	product	in	a	fun	and	
vibrant outdoor venue.
Borak Santai with nutrilite
Celebrity MasterChef Malaysia 2012 Champion, Dato’ Fazley Yaakob, 
demonstrated how to make delicious Raya fare using Nutrilite 
products via Amway Malaysia’s Facebook Live session.
25
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 28 ----
MAnAGEMEnT DISCuSSIOn & AnAL YSIS (COnT’D)
Beauty Campaigns
Consumer Campaigns and Promotions
In FY2022, the Group rolled out the following campaigns to help ABOs and APCs adopt healthier lifestyles via more affordable 
payment options:
CLIENT TO PROVIDE PHOTO
ARTISTRY A-Squad Contest
This contest had participants snapping a photo or video 
of themselves with the “Guess My Age” filter before 
sharing it on their social media. From an open vote, 
finalists went on to become members of the ARTISTRY 
social influencer A-Squad.
Beauty Camp
Over 2,000 ABOs attended the ARTISTRY Beauty Camp 
to learn how to level up their ARTISTRY business. The  
full-day beauty bootcamp included an inspirational 
learning session on the new ARTISTRY SKIN NUTRITION  
Vitamin C+HA3 Daily Serum, followed by workshops on 
Amway beauty solutions and beauty devices.
Launched the new Buy now, Pay 
Later payment method (“BnPL ”)
The new BNPL new payment 
method offers greater shopping 
convenience for ABOs and 
APCs by allowing them to split 
their Amway orders into multiple 
easy payments with 0% interest 
through the Atome app. Under the 
BNPL scheme, Amway introduced 
eight	exclusive	bundles	focused	
on health, skincare, and clean 
water solutions.
Amway Loyalty Programme (“ALP”) 
In FY2022, Amway added more 
products to the ALP. The ALP allows 
ABOs and consumers to easily 
replenish products under a  
six-month	product	subscription	
programme while also enjoying 
additional savings.
Easy To Own (“ETO”) Programme
This programme allows ABOs and APCs to own the eSpring Water Treatment 
System as well as Atmosphere SKY and Atmosphere Mini Air Treatment 
Systems inclusive of service and parts bundles via affordable 24-month 
instalment periods.  
26
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 29 ----
Sales Campaigns
In	January	2021,	Amway	launched	the	Amway	Privileged	Customers	or	APC	programme.	The	new	category	allows	ABOs	to	
register their customers with a lower membership fee. APCs are allowed to buy products at the same prices as ABOs, but they 
are not allowed to sell products nor are they eligible for bonuses. In FY2022, the Group supported the APC segment with the 
following campaigns: 
APC Renewal Promotion
APCs could purchase any Coreline products online or at Amway Shops to enjoy free 
renewal of their APC membership. 
ABO/APC Membership Renewal Promotion 
Both ABOs and APCs stood to receive an eCoupon with the renewal of their 
memberships.
Jom Bina Bronze Campaign 2.0 
This programme focuses on helping ABOs build a stronger foundation for their business 
structure while earning rewards with the Core Plus+ Early Incentive.
27
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 30 ----
MEGATREnD #4: THE RISE OF GIG ECOnOMY WORKERS
During the pandemic, the lockdowns imposed in Malaysia led to a prolonged economic downturn and a surge 
of	retrenchments.	In	2021	and	2022,	the	nation	registered	an	unemployment	rate	of	4.6%	and	3.6%	respectively	
according to the Statistics Department. As a result of the weak job market, many former employees jumped onto the 
“gig	economy”	bandwagon	to	make	a	living	in	a	more	flexible	manner.	
The	gig	economy	is	a	reference	to	independent	employment	over	geographically	expansive	areas	or	any	short-term	 
or	task-based	contract	employment	(a	“gig”)	related	to	freelancing,	temporary	jobs,	or	entrepreneurial	business	
opportunities. The notion of a gig economy worker is wide-ranging and can include anyone from Grab drivers and 
delivery	riders	to	Airbnb	hosts,	copywriters	–	or	in	the	context	of	Amway	–	the	Group’s	enterprising	entrepreneurially-
minded ABOs.
According to a report by Mastercard, global transactions associated with the gig economy will grow by 17% per annum 
to	approximately	US$455	billion	(RM2.05	trillion)	by	2023.	In	Malaysia,	more	than	26%	of	the	nation’s	total	workforce,	
or about four million gig workers, are now part of the gig economy.10
In a 2020 study conducted by Zurich Insurance Group and the Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment at 
the	University	of	Oxford,	some	38%	of	Malaysians	who	were	employed	full-time	then	were	considering	joining	the	gig	
economy within a year – a percentage considerably higher than the global average of 20% back then. 
As Fourth Industrial Revolution technologies and digital platforms are leveraged by gig economy participants like 
never	before,	the	gig	economy	is	expected	to	grow	into	a	major	contributor	to	Malaysia’s	GDP	over	the	next	five	years.	
Seeing that it will provide the nation with sustainable and inclusive economic growth, the gig economy has been 
included in the 12th Malaysia Plan for 2021 to 2025 and the Government is taking steps to regulate the sector to ensure 
gig workers’ welfare.11
10, 11 Adapted from an article in The Sun Daily dated 17 September 2022 titled “Impact of gig economy”– refer https://www.thesundaily.my/home/impact-of-gig-economy-
CH9823136
MAnAGEMEnT DISCuSSIOn & AnAL YSIS (COnT’D)
28
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 31 ----
Paving Pathways of Opportunity for Gig Workers 
Amway recognises that an increasing number of entrepreneurially-minded 
people are looking for career alternatives and more freedom while still aiming 
for financial security. As such, the Group’s offer of enabling more people to 
become entrepreneurial business owners is an opportune one for many in 
the gig economy. In this regard, Amway is uniquely poised to unlock potential, 
unleash free enterprise, and create opportunities so people can generate wealth 
for themselves. Amway continues to make decisions based on our Founders’ 
Fundamentals of “Freedom, Family, Hope, and Reward” to remain relevant to 
marketplace dynamics as well as to attract like-minded entrepreneurs. As more 
entrepreneurially-minded	people	look	for	more	flexible	working	conditions	and	
hours as well as the opportunity to work remotely in the emerging gig economy, 
Amway’s value proposition stands out as an attractive, relevant, and viable 
alternative to many.
In FY2021, the Group supported entrepreneurially-minded ABOs with a host of 
effective long-term measures that included the APC programme. In conjunction 
with this, Amway launched new and incremental incentives within our discretionary 
Core Plus+ programme to give new entrepreneurial ABOs the chance to earn more 
income from the onset of their business ownership. These discretionary incentives 
represented a significant investment by the Company to enrich the entrepreneurial 
business ownership opportunity in the gig economy era.
In FY2020 and FY2021, Amway saw hypergrowth in the number of ABOs on the 
back of sponsoring and recruiting promotions. For FY2022, the Group focused on 
measures to moderate growth, as well as train and stabilise ABOs’ businesses. The 
New	ABO/APC	Experience	Programmes	focused	on	the	first	90	days	journey	of	
newly signed-up members in the areas of product knowledge, purchases, healthy 
lifestyle choices, and ABO earning potential.
Reward and recognition are essential components of the company’s Founders’ 
Fundamentals and culture. Amway recognises ABOs who build businesses primed 
for long-term achievement and not just short-term gains. The company’s Global 
Award Recognition provides a path to that goal by rewarding profitable and 
sustainable businesses while developing future leaders and putting people first. 
In FY2022, Amway, together with our entrepreneurial ABO Leaders engaged in 
several activities in recognition of our hardworking ABOs. Among the highlights 
was	an	event	at	the	Axiata	Arena	in	Bukit	Jalil	where	over	10,000	attendees	
participated physically and online to witness two of the pioneers in Malaysia 
achieve Amway’s highest pin recognition i.e. Global Award Recognition Founders 
Crown Ambassador. We are immensely proud of their success. 
Following a two-year hiatus, the National Leadership Conference and Dinner was 
held	physically	once	again	at	the	Malaysian	International	Trade	and	Exhibition	
Centre, Kuala Lumpur. The event saw a record-breaking 3,800 leaders in 
attendance with a fashion runway-themed dinner, where the leaders were dressed 
in their fanciest clothes and accessories to celebrate the announcement of Paris, 
France,	as	Amway’s	next	Leadership	Seminar	destination	in	2024.
As a result of these measures, we garnered these results in FY2022: 
292,700 
new APC signups; 
128,000  
Core APC Force 
Size;
The	Group	will	continue	to	build	upon	its	success	by	exploring	and	developing	new	
ways in which we can help our entrepreneurial ABOs create value in an efficient 
and beneficial manner. To this end, Amway will be developing an eCommerce app 
which is aimed at helping ABOs grow their business. 
TOWARDS SuSTAInABLE,  
LOnG-TERM BuSInESS GROWTH
In line with the Group’s focus on  
adopting a comprehensive approach 
towards business management, 
business continuity and creating 
long-term value, Amway is mindful 
of the Economic, Environmental, 
Social	and	Governance	(“EESG”)	
risks and opportunities alongside the 
financial implications that need to be 
considered. The Group’s approach to 
sustainable development is outlined in 
the Sustainability Statement within this 
Annual Report. Meanwhile, Amway’s 
risk management activities and effort 
to protect and support the Group’s 
agenda of sustainable business growth 
and value creation are highlighted in 
the following sections.
upholding Robust Risk Management
Acknowledging the essential role that 
risk management plays in Amway’s 
pursuit of sustainable value creation, 
the Group remains vigilant and 
continuously works to anticipate and 
mitigate potential threats to operations, 
performance, financial condition, and 
liquidity. The Group’s risk management 
efforts have been translated into 
standard	operating	procedures	(“SOPs”)	 
and processes that are guided by 
robust internal controls and clearly 
defined limits of authority. 
To date, the two biggest risks to the 
Amway business are the unauthorised 
selling of products online and the  
long-term impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic. With the impact of the 
pandemic very much under control, 
unauthorised online sales remain the key 
consideration in the Group’s risk register.
Curtailing unauthorised Online Sales
The ongoing sale of products on 
unauthorised third-party eCommerce 
platforms at reduced prices continues 
to pose a risk to Amway and the entire 
direct selling industry. Not only does it 
undermine the efforts of hard-working 
entrepreneurial business owners, 
but unregulated and unsupervised 
sales via eCommerce platforms are 
serious concerns to consumers due 
to questions concerning product 
authenticity, product satisfaction, 
and product warranties. Moreover, it 
impacts the Group’s overall long-term 
earnings potential.
48%  
of 1st Y ear ABOs 
earning bonuses  
in FY2022.
127,200  
new ABO signups; 
326,000  
Core ABO Force 
Size; and
29
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 32 ----
MAnAGEMEnT DISCuSSIOn & AnAL YSIS (COnT’D)
To curb this menace and as part of 
the Group’s overall sustainability 
commitments under its “Nurturing People 
and Community Pillar”, Amway has 
ongoing engagement efforts with the 
representatives of eCommerce platforms 
to eliminate any Amway products on their 
platforms. In FY2022, Amway continued 
its close collaboration with the Malaysian 
Government, the Direct Selling Association 
of Malaysia and legal firms, as well as took 
legal action against both unauthorised 
sellers and eCommerce platforms who 
encroached on Amway’s trademarks and 
copyrights or contravened the Malaysia 
Direct Sales and Anti-Pyramid Scheme Act 
1993.
The Group continued to invest in new 
tracking technology to identify and impose 
sanctions on the individuals/parties involved 
in such activities. Amway took firm action 
against business owners and other agents 
by issuing them warning letters, as well as 
suspended or terminated business owners 
involved in such activities.
Aside from the legal and investigative  
actions undertaken, Amway conducted 
training and awareness for the public, 
customers, and entrepreneurial business 
owners to educate them about the risks of 
making purchases through unauthorised 
sellers and eCommerce platforms.
Transitioning to the Endemic Phase
In FY2022, Amway adjusted its COVID-19 
health and safety measures in tandem with 
the nation’s move toward the endemic 
stage. The Group continued to prioritise 
workforce safety, as well as shifted its 
efforts and resources towards supporting 
ABOs’ businesses. Embracing the new 
normal in FY2022, Amway began to 
organise physical events once again 
with the option for online viewing made 
available. To ensure the safety of all those 
present, employees and attendees were 
highly encouraged to observe health 
measures such as wearing a mask and 
undertaking self-testing for COVID-19 
before attending events. 
To ensure business continuity, as well as to safeguard the safety and well-
being of employees, ABOs, customers, and the community, the Group 
continued to implement a variety of proactive measures. For a more 
detailed overview of the Group’s ongoing COVID-19 mitigation and business 
continuity measures, please turn to the Sustainability Statement within this 
Annual Report.
LOOKInG AHEAD
Challenging Times Lie Ahead 
At the time of writing, global growth is projected to decelerate sharply as 
a result of policy tightening aimed at containing soaring inflation rates. 
Worsening financial conditions, and continued disruptions from Russia’s 
invasion	of	Ukraine	are	also	expected	to	continue	to	negatively	impact	
the global outlook.12 With a worldwide recession looming on the horizon, 
global	growth	is	forecast	to	slow	from	6.0%	in	2021	to	3.2%	in	2022	and	
2.7%	in	2023.	This	will	be	the	weakest	growth	profile	since	2001	except	
for the global financial crisis and the most critical phase of the COVID-19 
pandemic.13 
Despite	the	downtrend	of	the	global	economy,	Southeast	Asia	is	expected	
to maintain a relatively resilient recovery pathway on the back of stronger 
economic performance by the majority of its member nations.14 
Looking	ahead,	the	central	bank,	Bank	Negara	Malaysia	(“BNM”),	forecasts	
that	the	Malaysian	economy	will	expand	between	4.0%	and	5.0%	in	2023	
on the back of firm domestic demand amid continued labour market 
improvements. The realisation of large infrastructure projects and the 
recovering	tourism	sector	are	also	expected	to	provide	some	stability.	
However, at the same time, BNM cautions that the nation’s growth still 
remains	susceptible	to	weaker-than-expected	global	growth,	higher	risk	
aversion in global financial markets, further escalation of geopolitical 
conflicts, and the re-emergence of supply chain disruptions.15
On	the	back	of	moderated	domestic	growth,	Retail	Group	Malaysia	(“RGM”)	
forecasts a growth rate of 3.5% for the retail industry in 2023.16 
12	 Extracted	from	the	World	Bank’s	“Global	Economic	Prospects,	January	2023”	publication	–	refer	https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/entities/publication/59695a57-f323-
5fa8-8c6f-d58bfa8918cd.
13	 Extracted	from	the	IMF	“World	Economic	Outlook”	publication	(October	2022)	–	refer	https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2022/10/11/world-economic-outlook-
october-2022.
14	 Extracted	from	the	IMF	Blog	in	an	article	titled	“Asia	Sails	Into	Headwinds	From	Rate	Hikes,	War,	and	China	Slowdown”	dated	13	October	2022	–	refer	https://www.imf.org/
en/Blogs/Articles/2022/10/13/asia-sails-into-headwinds-from-rate-hikes-war-and-china-slowdown.
15	 Extracted	from	a	Bank	Negara	Malaysia	press	release	titled	“Economic	and	Financial	Developments	in	Malaysia	in	the	Third	Quarter	of	2022”	dated	11	November	2022	–	refer	
https://www.bnm.gov.my/-/qb22q3_en_pr.
16		 Extracted	from	The	Edge	Market’s	article	“Retail	industry	expected	to	grow	3.5%	in	2023,	says	RGM”	published	December	19,	2022-	refer	https://www.theedgemarkets.com/
article/retail-industry-expected-grow-35-2023-says-rgm
30
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022

---- Page 33 ----
Aligning with the national Health Agenda and Remaining Flexible 
As Malaysia focuses on making the transition from the pandemic to the endemic 
stage, the Government has begun to look at healthcare and wellness in a more  
in-depth manner and with a long-term perspective. The alarming statistics 
surrounding non-communicable diseases such as diabetes, cholesterol, high blood 
pressure, and obesity among Malaysians have prompted the Government to launch 
the Agenda Nasional Malaysia Sihat initiative aimed at achieving four core objectives:
which align with Amway’s long-
term vision of becoming the leading 
provider of health and wellness 
solutions and programmes. 
Today, the Amway business, and the 
way ABOs operate, continue to evolve 
as we transition into the endemic phase 
and contend with the disruptive forces 
around	us.	While	the	megatrends	of	(i)	
Bricks	and	Clicks,	(ii)	Healthy	Living,	(iii)	
Connected Middle-Class Consumers, and 
(iv)	The	Rise	of	Gig	Economy	Workers	
align well with Amway’s historic 
heritage, current strengths, and future 
strategic direction, the Group must 
remain adaptable to other disruptive 
trends that may emerge.
The ongoing global supply chain 
disruption and rising inflation coupled 
with geopolitical crises will continue to 
put pressure on global economic growth. 
Despite these economic headwinds, 
the Group is cautiously optimistic that 
we will continue to deliver modest sales 
growth for FY2023 on the back of the 
solid initiatives and fundamentals that we 
established in FY2021 and FY2022.
While Amway registered a significant 
improvement in profit in FY2022 due 
to the normalisation of ABO sales 
incentives and a price increase, 
as we move forward into FY2023, 
the Group will continue to adopt a 
prudent stance and remain agile in 
its operational outlook. To ensure 
business sustainability, Amway will 
strategically invest in ABO-centric 
programmes, undertake a supply chain 
capacity uplift, and roll out new product 
launches and promotions. At the same 
time, we will continue to upgrade 
our digital platform and the related 
delivery infrastructure. Collectively, 
these investments, plus the rising 
cost of purchases due to inflation and 
non-recurring cost savings in FY2022, 
are	expected	to	exert	pressure	on	the	
Group’s operating margin for FY2023.
All in all, Amway will continue to  
embrace and leverage the forces 
of change to make better strategic 
choices, shape markets, and create 
a brighter future. The Company 
has never been stronger than it is 
today and Amway looks forward to 
successfully navigating the future 
profitably. The future bodes well for 
Amway, as it continues to focus its 
effort on new health opportunities and 
make a tangible impact by helping 
people live better, healthier lives.
Amway recognises that the private sector plays an important role in helping 
to combat the national health crisis for the benefit of the rakyat. As a leading 
health and wellness company, Amway has for a long while now been delivering 
solutions for a healthier lifestyle via Nutrilite’s health and wellness products 
and engaging social communities. 
For FY2023, the Group intends to ramp up its efforts by promoting health and 
wellness solutions that will help the rakyat deal with non-communicable diseases. 
In response to the Government’s request for private sector support, Amway has 
plans to propel its ABOs and APCs towards better health and wellness lifestyles. 
The Group affirms its support of the nation’s health and wellness aspirations 
Promotion of a Healthy Living Culture
•	 To	foster	a	culture	of	healthy	living	
by improving people’s health 
literacy. Information is provided to 
improve health literacy and enable 
citizens to take responsibility for 
cultivating healthy living; and
•	 To	cultivate	
healthy living 
to strengthen 
self-resilience 
(self-immunity)	to	
prevent disease.
Health Wellness Services
•	 To	facilitate	people’s	access	to	
health and wellness facilities and 
services; and 
•	 To	provide	facilities	and	services	
for the benefit of the people to 
improve the health 
of the rakyat.
Self-Health Control
•	 To	empower	the	
rakyat in  
self-care 
for disease 
prevention; and 
•	 The rakyat are to be responsible 
for maintaining a healthy personal 
lifestyle, family, community, and 
environment.
Environmental 
Hygiene
•	 To	foster	a	culture	
of environmental 
hygiene for 
the well-being 
and health of the people. The 
rakyat are jointly responsible for 
maintaining the cleanliness of the 
environment to ensure a clean 
and disease-free environment.
31
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review

---- Page 34 ----
Dear Valued Shareholders,
Sustainability at Amway  
has come of age.
The importance of 
sustainability in today’s 
business context cannot be 
over-emphasised. Amway is 
committed to embracing and 
embedding sustainability 
throughout the length and 
breadth of its operations.  
In my nine-year tenure as a 
member of Amway’s Board,  
I have had the privilege of 
being part of the Company’s 
effort to truly integrate 
sustainability in greater 
measure across the business. 
From an initial focus on 
corporate social responsibility, 
the Group’s effort has 
evolved in a manner whereby 
sustainability has gained  
more prominence on the 
Board’s agenda and within  
the company culture.
SuSTAInABILITY AT AMWAY 
CHAIRPERSOn’S MESSAGE
Identified 14 Material Matters in new 
Sustainability Strategic Framework
Established a Sustainability Policy 
in February 2023
Revised group practices in line with the 
updated Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance 2021
AMWAY (MALAYSIA) HOLDInGS BERHAD
ANNUAL REPORT 2022
32

---- Page 35 ----
In FY2021, the Board made a conscious decision to strengthen Amway’s 
sustainability practices and governance framework by reviewing and revising the 
Group’s practices to better align with the updated Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance	2021	(“MCCG”).	The	Board,	together	with	Senior	Management,	
designated Amway’s Head of Corporate & Government Affairs as the senior 
management sustainability lead, formed Sustainability Committees, and 
appointed a sustainability consultant to help establish a groupwide Sustainability 
Strategic	Framework.	Amway’s	efforts	also	entailed	a	gap	analysis	examining	
past disclosures against the latest reporting requirements, identifying and 
evaluating the Group’s sustainability impacts, as well as pinpointing and surveying 
stakeholders	on	their	relevant	needs	and	expectations.	
In FY2022, the Group went on to formally establish a Sustainability Strategic 
Framework which has been embedded into its strategies, policies and 
procedures. Amway also identified 14 material matters under three sustainability 
pillars which form the basis of its sustainability efforts moving forward. On top of 
this, Amway established a Sustainability Policy in February 2023 that will guide 
the Group’s Economic, Environmental and Social or EES endeavours. The 2022 
Sustainability Statement that follows spells out the Group’s efforts to date as well 
as maps out Amway’s sustainability journey. 
Continuing the Journey of Sustainable, Responsible and Ethical Value Creation
Being a conscientious corporate citizen, Amway recognises that companies must 
serve as stewards of not just their business and shareholders, but of society 
and the environment as well. Amway’s sustainability efforts are grounded on the 
tenet of “Helping People Live Better, Healthier Lives”. This means that on top of 
its health and wellness product offerings, the Group is running its business as 
well as managing human capital and other resources in a way that truly upholds 
this tenet. Following in the footsteps of Amway Global, the Group continues to 
make conscious efforts to reduce its environmental footprint through resource 
management and waste management initiatives. This is in line with our conviction 
that “healthier lives start with making our planet better and healthier”.
The future is bright for Amway as the Group strengthens its sustainability efforts. 
As I take my leave of Amway after having served on the Board these last  
nine	years,	I	ask	that	you	continue	to	extend	your	support	to	my	successor, 	 
En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman, Amway’s new Chairman of the Board, who together 
with the Board and Senior Management, will lead the Group’s sustainability 
endeavours. I am confident that, together, the Group will continue to build upon 
the good momentum achieved to date so Amway can accelerate forward on its 
sustainability journey. Thank you. 
TAn SRI FAIZAH BInTI MOHD TAHIR 
Chairperson	and	Senior	Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
33

---- Page 36 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT
SCOPE AnD BOunDARY
Amway’s	Sustainability	Statement	(“Statement”)	
for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
(“FY2022”),	aims	to	provide	a	formal	account	
of the Group’s strategies, action plans and 
achievements in relation to our sustainability efforts. 
This Statement also outlines the overall impact 
that our initiatives have had on our business, the 
environment and the communities in which we 
operate. 
This Statement’s scope and boundary is aligned 
with Amway’s 2022 Annual Report. It covers the 
breadth of Amway’s operations in Malaysia but 
excludes	third-party	contractors,	suppliers	and	
vendors. This Statement covers the period from 
1	January	to	31	December	2022	and	is	published	
on an annual basis. The data presented in this 
Statement has been derived from various internal 
and	external	data	collection	methods	which	include,	
but are not limited to, internal surveys, workshops, 
and other methods.
In FY2021, Amway began the process of assessing 
the Group’s impact on the EES fronts as well as 
strengthening Amway’s sustainability practices 
and governance framework via an overhaul of the 
Group’s practices so that these aligned with the 
updated MCCG. 
For FY2022, this Statement’s scope has been 
expanded	to	highlight	these	measures:	
•	 A	new	Materiality	Matrix;	
•	 A	reinforced	Sustainability	Strategic	Framework	
encompassing three fundamental pillars and  
14 material matters which focus on our EES 
thrusts; and 
•	 A	new	groupwide	Sustainability	Policy.
AMW A Y’S COMMITMENT TO 
SUSTAINABILITY 
As Amway and its subsidiaries (collectively 
known as “the Group”) make strong 
strides forward in our endeavours to 
shape economies, society and businesses 
through our proven spread of health 
and wellness offerings, we also recognise 
the need to continue creating long-term 
shared value for our stakeholders and to 
secure the Group’s future. To this end, 
Amway remains committed to upholding 
responsible management and sustainable 
development activities on the Economic, 
Environmental and Social or EES fronts. 
Today, with strong business fundamentals  
in place and an arsenal of future-ready 
resources at our disposal, Amway is well 
positioned to continue growing steadfastly 
in a sustainable manner as well as to 
cement our position as the leading health 
and wellness company for entrepreneurial 
business owners in Malaysia.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
34

---- Page 37 ----
SuSTAInABILITY LEADERSHIP AnD 
GOVERnAnCE
Amway’s Board of Directors and Senior 
Management have oversight for the 
Group’s Sustainability agenda as well as for 
sustainability leadership and governance. 
Recognising that a strong sustainability 
strategy is integral to Amway’s success 
as it has a material impact on the Group’s 
business strategy and performance as well 
as its ability to create long-term value and 
bolster stakeholder confidence, the Group’s 
leadership is deeply committed to reinforcing 
its business framework with focused 
sustainable practices and initiatives. 
In this regard, our leadership closely 
adheres to the recommendations under 
the MCCG which call upon the Board and 
Management to take responsibility for 
the governance of sustainability across 
the Group including setting sustainability 
strategies, priorities and targets. Amway’s 
leadership is also tasked with ensuring 
that the Group’s sustainability strategies, 
priorities and targets as well as performance 
against these targets are communicated 
to	internal	and	external	stakeholders.	Our	
leadership is also mandated with staying 
abreast of and understanding the material 
sustainability issues relevant to Amway and 
its business, including climate-related risks 
and opportunities. 
Stakeholders
Managing Director
Audit 
Committee
Risk 
Management 
Committee
nominating 
Committee
Executive 
Committee
Remuneration 
Committee
Sustainability
Steering 
Committee
Sustainability
Working 
Committee
Board of 
Directors
Engagement
Engagement
Engagement, 
responsibility 
and 
accountability
Board 
oversight, 
stewardship, 
delegated 
authority and 
responsibility
In Support of the Board’s Sustainability Mandate
The following committees have been established to ensure the Board’s direction and decisions pertaining to 
sustainability are implemented effectively.
The Group’s Sustainability Steering Committee (“SSC”)
The SSC, which is responsible for driving sustainability 
across the Group, is tasked with the following roles and 
responsibilities:
•	 Reviewing	material	matters,	sustainability	strategies	
including targets for Board approval;
•	 Providing	resources	required	for	implementing	the	
sustainability strategies;
•	 Overseeing	the	implementation	of	the	sustainability	
strategies and progress throughout the Group;
•	 Providing	reports	to	the	Board	on	the	overall	
management of material matters; and
•	 Appointing	members	of	the	Sustainability	Working	
Committee.
The Group’s Sustainability Working Committee (“SWC”)
The SWC is tasked with implementing sustainability 
across the Group via the following roles and 
responsibilities:
•	 Ensuring	effective	stakeholder	engagement	and	
identification of material matters;
•	 Conducting	materiality	assessments;
•	 Developing	and	implementing	sustainability	strategies;
•	 Setting	targets	and	performance	indicators	for	SSC	
and Board approval;
•	 Monitoring	the	implementation	of	sustainability	
strategies; and
•	 Making	reports	to	the	SSC	on	the	progress	of	
sustainability implementation and performance.
The	collective	knowledge,	skills,	and	experience	of	the	members	in	the	committees	above	extend	across	the	range	of	
the Group’s material matters.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
35

---- Page 38 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
STAKEHOLDER EnGAGEMEnT 
Our stakeholders are defined as individuals or interest groups who are influenced or impacted by Amway’s business 
activities	and/or	presence	and	vice	versa.	They	include	our	entrepreneurial	Amway	Business	Owners	(“ABOs”),	Amway 	
Privileged	Customers	(“APCs”),	our	employees,	the	investing	community,	regulators,	as	well	as	members	of	the	communities 	
that we operate in. The Group views them as valued resources that help us to determine what is most material or important 
on the EES fronts. 
Amway is continuously working to ensure that we remain an inclusive organisation that is discerning of our stakeholders’ 
needs. We are accomplishing this by actively engaging with our diverse stakeholders via a range of online communication 
channels and mediums that have been adopted since the onset of the pandemic.
The	following	paints	a	picture	of	Amway’s	diverse	stakeholder	categories,	the	relevant	needs	and	expectations	of	our	
stakeholders, and our engagement approach:
STAKEHOLDER CATEGORIES RELEVAnT nEEDS AnD 
ExPECTATIOnS EnGAGEMEnT APPROACH
Amway Business Owners (ABOs) / 
Amway Privileged Customers (APCs)
•	 Timely	and	responsive	
communication and actions, 
support, and grievance 
mechanisms
•	 Timely	product	delivery
•	 Clear	and	fair	procedures/rules
•	 Product	training
•	 Marketing	and	promotion	of	
products
•	 Honouring	contractual	agreements
•	 Fair	pricing
•	 Products	and	services	meet	
expectations
•	 Product	safety	and	quality
•	 Product	innovation
•	 Sustainable	products,	packaging,	
ingredients
•	 Marketing	and	promotions
•	 Leader	Growth	Solutions	Team
•	 Customer	Careline
•	 Social	media
•	 Events,	forums/seminars,	
roadshows and rallies, Amway 
Diamond	Advisory	Council	(ADAC)
Employees 
•	 Safe	and	healthy	workplace
•	 Fair	treatment	according	to	legal	
requirements and labour standards 
(mandatory	and	voluntary)
•	 Competitive	remuneration	and	
other benefits
•	 Training,	guidance	and	support
•	 Equal	opportunity	and	career	
development
•	 Diversity,	equity	and	inclusiveness	
at the workplace
•	 Secure	employment
•	 Work-life	balance
•	 Consistent	and	transparent	
communication
•	 Townhalls
•	 Intranet/newsletters
•	 Employee	engagement	surveys
•	 Engagement	events	(in-house	talks,	
training, development programmes 
and	social	events)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
36

---- Page 39 ----
STAKEHOLDER CATEGORIES RELEVAnT nEEDS AnD 
ExPECTATIOnS EnGAGEMEnT APPROACH
Government / Regulatory Authorities  
e.g.,
•	 Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad
•	 Securities	Commission	Malaysia
•	 Companies	Commission	of	Malaysia
•	 Department	of	Occupational	Safety	&	
Health	(DOSH)
•	 National	Pharmaceutical	Regulatory	
Agency	(NPRA-MOH)
•	 Food	Safety	and	Quality	Division	
(FSQ-MOH)
•	 Ministry	of	Domestic	Trade	and	 
Cost	of	Living	(KPDN)
•	 Ministry	of	Communications	and	
Multimedia	(MCMM)
•	 Ministry	of	Women,	Family	and	
Community	Development	(MWFCD)
•	 Demonstration	of	compliance	
with respective authorities’ 
requirements
•	 Timely	and	responsive	
communication and actions
•	 Support	for	government	policies	
and objectives
•	 Participation	in	government	and	
regulator events 
•	 Regulatory	and	technical	
associations
Amway Global Head Office
•	 Amway’s	good	image	and	
reputation
•	 Continued	profitability	and	growth
•	 Timely	and	responsive	
communication and actions
•	 Compliance	with	local	regulations
•	 Adherence	to	Amway	Global’s	
strategic direction
•	 Townhalls
•	 Intranet/newsletters
•	 Engagement	events	(in-house	talks,	
training, development programmes 
and	social	events)
•	 Employee	engagement	surveys
External Goods and Service Providers 
– (Suppliers)
•	 Clear	contract	specifications
•	 Honouring	contractual	agreements,	
e.g., prompt payment
•	 Fair	treatment	of	workers	
according to legal requirements 
and	labour	standards	(mandatory	
and	voluntary)
•	 Fair	pricing	–	remuneration
•	 Responsive	and	timely	
communication
•	 Continued	business
•	 Support	for	enhancing	resource	
capacity
•	 Supplier	surveys	on	corporate	
responsibility
•	 Supplier	audits
•	 Industry	conferences	and	road	
shows
•	 Partnering	programmes,	site	visits	
and seminars
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
37

---- Page 40 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
STAKEHOLDER CATEGORIES RELEVAnT nEEDS AnD 
ExPECTATIOnS EnGAGEMEnT APPROACH
Industrial Affiliates – (Industry and 
Trade Associations) e.g.
•	 Direct	Selling	Association	of	Malaysia	
(DSAM)
•	 Malaysian	Dietary	Supplement	
Association	(MADSA)
•	 ASEAN	Alliance	of	Health	
Supplement	Associations	(AAHSA)
•	 Cosmetic,	Toiletry	and	Fragrance	
Association	of	Malaysia	(CTFAM)
•	 American	Malaysian	Chamber	of	
Commerce	(AMCHAM)
•	 Demonstration	of	compliance	
obligations
•	 Knowledge	sharing
•	 Adherence	to	affiliates’	charter/
code
•	 Timely	and	responsive	
communication and actions
•	 Participation	in	affiliate	activities
•	 Key	conferences	and	industry	
events 
•	 Board	meetings
Investors / Shareholders
•	 Focused	on	profitability	and	growth
•	 Ongoing	product	innovation	to	
meet changing market demand
•	 Safeguarding	Amway’s	good	image	
and reputation
•	 Demonstration	of	sound	EES	
performance
•	 Electronic	Annual	Report
•	 Annual	General	Meeting	(AGM)
•	 Financial	reports
•	 Analyst	briefings
•	 Media	releases
•	 Investor	relations	page	on	Amway’s	
website
Financial Institutions e.g.
Banks, Insurance Providers
•	 Manage	risks	to	ensure	financial	
soundness	(physical	and	
reputational	risks)
•	 Honouring	borrowing	terms	and	
conditions
•	 Timely	and	responsive	
communication
•	 Results	briefings,	presentations	and	
meetings
•	 Financial	reports
•	 Stock	exchange	announcements
Consumers
•	 Compliance	with	product	
specifications and other 
deliverables e.g., quality, safety, 
Halal
•	 Fair	product	pricing
•	 Product	innovation
•	 Products	that	meet	consumer’s	
needs e.g., innovative, sustainable
•	 Timely	and	responsive	
communication and actions  
- good customer service
•	 Sales,	marketing	and	promotions
•	 Corporate	Social	Responsibility	
activities
•	 Social	media
•	 Direct	selling	industry	engagement
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
38

---- Page 41 ----
STAKEHOLDER CATEGORIES RELEVAnT nEEDS AnD 
ExPECTATIOnS EnGAGEMEnT APPROACH
Community & General Public 
•	 Avoid	negative	impacts	from	the	 
Group’s operations on the 
environment, public safety and 
security, livelihood, etc.
•	 Participation	in	community	
programmes
•	 Timely	and	responsive	
communication and actions
•	 Potential	job	opportunities
•	 Sales,	marketing	and	promotions
•	 Corporate	Social	Responsibility	
activities
•	 Social	media
•	 Direct	selling	industry	engagement
Media
•	 Timely	and	accurate	communication
•	 Responsive	to	queries
•	 Social	media	engagement	
•	 Media	monitoring
non-Governmental Organisations 
(nGOs) / Civil Society Organisations 
(CSOs)
•	 Support	NGOs	objectives,	 
e.g., upholding of human rights,  
consumer protection, 
environmental protection, etc.
•	 Participate	in	NGOs’	programmes
•	 Corporate	Social	Responsibility	
activities
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
39

---- Page 42 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
DETERMInInG OuR MATERIALITY MATTERS
Amway conducts its business by balancing out the Group’s ambitions on both a short-term to long-term basis with its 
stakeholders’ best interests. Our efforts are guided by our materiality matters which are the topics, aspects and disclosures 
that we deem sufficiently important to be managed and reported as well as which are most impactful on Amway’s value 
creation process. The Group’s materiality topics are determined through a thorough assessment that combines our 
understanding of our EES impacts, the market environment, and the data and insights gathered from stakeholders. 
In FY2021, the Group conducted a materiality assessment that involved the SWC, SSC and the Board. The methodology 
applied included the following steps:
Identification 
of the Group’s 
EES impacts and 
evaluation of their 
significance through 
defined criteria;
Categorising 
significant EES 
impacts into 
common “topics” 
(by	referring	to	the	
Global Reporting 
Initiatives or 
GRI Standards, 
Bursa Malaysia’s 
Sustainability 
Reporting 
Guide and other 
peer reviewed 
documents);
Identification 
and prioritisation 
of the Group’s 
stakeholders and 
their relevant needs 
and	expectations;
Conducting an 
online survey 
to understand 
stakeholders’ 
perception of the 
importance of the 
Group managing 
each of the topics 
identified; and
Developing a 
materiality	matrix	to	
map stakeholders’ 
perceptions against 
the Group’s internal 
assessment.
01 02 03 04 05
As part of the stakeholder identification and prioritisation process, Amway’s stakeholders were identified and weighted based 
on their influence and dependence on the Group by internal representatives. The following diagram highlights the details of 
the 717 respondents involved in the online survey:
Total of  
717  
Respondents
398 
(55%)
4 
(1%)
69 
(10%)
7 
(1%)
172 
(24%)
50 
(7%)
10 
(1%)
4 
(1%) 2 
(0%)
1 
(0%)
Amway Business Owners 
(ABOs)	/	Amway	Privileged	
Customers	(APCs)
Investors / Shareholders
Media
Non-Governmental 
Organisations	(NGOs)	/	Civil	
Society	Organisations	(CSOs)
Amway Global 
Head Office
Amway Product 
Consumers
Community & 
General Public
Employees
External	Goods	and	
Service Providers
Government / 
Regulatory Authorities
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
40

---- Page 43 ----
The	scores	from	the	responses	were	then	analysed	and	juxtaposed	against	the	Group’s	internal	assessment	and	this	is	
represented	in	the	following	Materiality	Matrix:
A. ABO Relationship & Empowerment 
B. Modernisation & Digitisation
C. Consumer Health, Safety & 
Satisfaction
D. Employee Interest & Welfare
E. Ethical Business Practices
F. Learning & Growth
G. Contribution to the Economy
H. Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
I. Responsible Sourcing & Supply 
Chain
J.	 Engaged	Communities
K. Data Privacy & Protection
L. Packaging & Waste
M. Occupational Health & Safety
N. Energy Use & Greenhouse Gas 
(GHG)	Emissions
This	matrix	magnifies	the	scores	of	Medium	to	Very	High,	to	better	reflect	the	placement	of	the	material	matters.	
Level of Stakeholder Concern
MEDIUM
VERY HIGH
HIGH
HiGH
VERY HIGH
MEDIUM
Significance of the Group’s Economic,  
Environment and Social Impacts
a
B
c
d
E
F
gh
i
J
Kl
Mn
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
41

---- Page 44 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
From the materiality assessment, a total of 14 material matters that the Group deemed sufficiently important to be managed 
and	reported	were	derived.	These	material	matters	(which	have	been	approved	by	the	Board)	and	their	relevance	are	spelled	
out in the following table.
AMWAY’S 14 MATERIAL MATTERS AnD THEIR RELEVAnCE
1.  ABO Relationship and 
Empowerment
3.  Ethical Business 
Practices
5.  Employee Interest and 
Welfare
7.  Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion
2.  Modernisation and 
Digitisation
4.  Contribution to the 
Economy
6.  Learning and Growth
Provide entrepreneurial opportunities and empowering ABOs through our 
various platforms and continuous support such as training, eLearning, and other 
engagement activities. 
Uphold ethical business practices throughout our operations and supply chain, 
which includes managing and addressing ethical issues such as corruption 
(accounting	and	tax	fraud,	bribery,	etc.),	fair	competition	practices	among	ABOs	
and sound procurement practices within the Group’s operations. It also involves 
demonstrating the Group’s integrity, governance, and compliance commitments.
Ensure our employees’ sense of belonging, developing personal growth, 
enhancing satisfaction and addressing issues such as fair remuneration and 
benefits, job security and fulfilment, and other employee rights. It includes 
providing a work environment that seeks consultation and participation of 
employees in decision-making processes. 
Promote	diversity,	equity	and	inclusion	(“DEI”)	in	all	aspects	of	our	business	
activities including the selection of products, ABO management, employee 
recruitment and welfare, and procurement practices. It includes addressing DEI 
issues such as gender inequality, age/racial/religious discrimination, etc., as 
well as supporting and creating opportunities for differently-abled people and 
marginalised groups in society.
Ensure operational efficiency by optimising digitisation and technology to 
promote our products, increase public interest and advance opportunities 
for ABOs. By adopting the latest technology and innovating processes in our 
operations and supply chain, we can minimise EES impacts. 
Improve	the	economic	well-being	of	our	stakeholders	(ABOs,	employees,	
suppliers,	local	communities)	and	addressing	the	unequal	wealth	distribution	
in	society.	Contribution	can	be	direct,	e.g.,	paying	taxes	and	wages,	or	indirect,	
e.g., number of jobs supported in the supply chain, attracting investment to the 
local economy, etc. 
Provide our employees opportunities for career and competence development 
through continuous training and education. It includes contributing to the 
improvement of their career prospects and job security in the long-term.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
42

---- Page 45 ----
AMWAY’S 14 MATERIAL MATTERS AnD THEIR RELEVAnCE
9.  Data Privacy and 
Protection
11.  Consumer Health, 
Safety and 
Satisfaction
13.  Packaging and Waste
8.  Engaged Communities
10.  Occupational Health 
and Safety
12.  Responsible Sourcing 
and Supply Chain
14.  Energy use and GHG 
Emissions
Manage our stakeholders’ personal data in our possession in a responsible 
manner. This includes upholding best practices when collecting, using and 
securing personal data to ensure the prevention of data losses and breach of 
privacy that could potentially harm the stakeholders involved.
Commitment to provide products that meet relevant health and safety 
compliance	obligations	as	well	as	consumer	expectations	resulting	in	their	
overall satisfaction. It also includes ensuring consumers’ access to accurate and 
adequate information on the EES impacts of our products.
Prevent pollution that may arise from our operations. This includes addressing 
impacts resulting from the use and disposal of packaging material, and waste 
(solid,	liquid)	generated	from	day-to-day	activities.	Waste	also	includes	returned	
and	expired	products	that	have	to	be	discarded.
Ensure the community surrounding our operations and the general public are 
not	negatively	affected	by	our	existence.	Examples	of	negative	impacts	include	
damaging the livelihood of individuals or surrounding businesses, and causing 
a public nuisance, e.g., via traffic congestion, local pollution, etc. This includes 
the Group’s contribution to the betterment of society by enhancing our positive 
impacts on communities through engagement activities and collaboration.
Provide a healthy and safe work environment for our employees and those 
working on our behalf, including the prevention of physical and mental harm. 
This includes seeking employee consultation and ensuring their participation in 
the Occupational Health & Safety management processes, and implementing 
health-related programmes such as the provision of regular medical check-ups 
and campaigns for healthier lifestyles. 
Commitment to prevent or minimise environmental and social impacts related to 
our products’ life cycle and supply chain by applying criteria and processes during 
the selection of products and suppliers/service providers, taking into account the 
Group’s sphere of control over these activities. Good supply chain management 
includes upholding ethical business, human rights and environmental practices, and 
continually improving suppliers’ skills and capabilities to improve their performance.
Minimise	our	impacts	resulting	from	energy	consumption	(fuel,	electricity,	etc.)	and	
GHG emissions throughout our operations, as part of our role as a good corporate 
citizen, to mitigate climate change. This includes improving our processes and 
practices	(e.g.,	use	of	renewable	energy	for	electricity,	and	transportation	activities)	
to minimise our contribution to climate change as well as to manage climate impacts 
to our business.
Moving forward, these material matters are to be reviewed every two years or when there are changes to the organisation or 
when new requirements from stakeholders arise.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
43

---- Page 46 ----
RISK OPPORTunITY
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
An EnHAnCED SuSTAInABILITY STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK
In FY2022, to facilitate a structured assessment of the Group’s sustainability journey, we undertook an evaluation of the 
following components to kickstart the development of an enhanced Sustainability Strategic Framework.
STAKEHOLDER EnGAGEMEnT
GOVERnAnCE
MATERIALITY
STRATEGIES
REPORTInG
The	Group’s	context,	business	direction,	activities,	products	and	services,	our	environmental,	economic,	and	social	impacts,	
as well as the resulting material sustainability matters were considered in developing the strategic framework for the Group’s 
sustainability journey.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
44

---- Page 47 ----
The 6 Amway Values
united nations’ Sustainable Development Goals
Pillars and Strategic Approaches
The Group’s Material Matters
POLICIES COMMITMEnTS & 
InITIATIVES
DISCLOSuRE 
InDICATORS GOVERnAnCE
As a result of these combined efforts, the following 
Sustainability Strategic Framework came into being:
Personal 
Worth
Personal
Responsibility
Free
Enterprise
Partnership Integrity Achievement
1
2
3
4
5
BuILD EnTREPREnEuRS
•	 Provide	Income	
Generating Opportunities
•	 Develop	Business	Acumen	
to Cultivate Growth
nuRTuRInG PEOPLE & 
COMMunITY
•	 Focus	on	Ethically	Gained	
Growth Benefiting All 
Stakeholders
•	 Pay	It	Forward
•	 Promote	Workplace	 
Well-being
WELLnESS-FOCuSED 
RESPOnSIBLE PRODuCTS
•	 Provide	Trusted	Products
•	 Environment	Stewardship
•	 Source	Responsibly
Responsible Sourcing 
& Supply Chain
ABO Relationship & 
Empowerment
Contribution to the 
Economy
Ethical Business 
Practices
Learning &  
Growth
Engaged  
Communities
Diversity, Equity & 
Inclusion
Data Privacy &  
Protection
Employee Interest & 
Welfare
Modernisation &  
Digitisation
Occupational Health 
& Safety
Packaging &  
Waste
Consumer Health, 
Safety & Satisfaction
Environmental, Economic, Social
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
45

---- Page 48 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
Today, Amway’s enhanced Sustainability Strategic Framework comprises several elements: 
2
1
3
4
5
The	first	of	these	is	the	six	enduring	Amway	Values	–	Personal	Worth,	Partnership,	Integrity,	Achievement,	
Personal Responsibility and Free Enterprise. These values remain at the top of the Sustainability Strategic 
Framework and will continue to guide the Group as it advances.
Our enhanced Sustainability Strategic Framework is aligned with 14 of the 17 United Nations’ Sustainable 
Development	Goals	(“SDGs”)	and	targets	that	are	most	relevant	to	the	Group.	By	ensuring	a	focused	alignment	
with the SDGs most relevant to the Group’s business, this helps us to better coordinate our support of the global 
sustainability agenda. Moreover, in adopting such a focused approach, Amway is ensuring that its collaborative 
efforts with its diverse stakeholders will help ensure that the delivery of sustainable outcomes are on point.
For each of the Group’s material matters, an all-encompassing goal has been developed, along with a set of 
actions to support it. Carrying out these actions will enable the Group to manage its EES impacts and move 
towards becoming a more sustainable business.
At the bottom of the framework are the policies, commitments and initiatives, disclosure indicators and  
governance measures that guide and support the smooth implementation of the Sustainability Strategic 
Framework. 
In the following pages, in the “Our Sustainability Commitments” sub-section, we drill down on the pillars and 
sustainability strategies, and provide the details of our sustainability achievements in FY2022. 
In February 2023, the Group rolled out a comprehensive Sustainability Policy which will guide Amway’s effort 
to drive long-term business growth and profitability through the inclusion of comprehensive EES issues in our 
business model.
All in all, Amway is committed to ensuring that our Sustainability implementation is not only reflected within our  
daily operations and products, but also within our partnerships with our employees, ABOs, APCs and local 
communities. By strengthening stakeholder engagement activities and consolidating resources and common 
synergies, we are looking to embed sustainable practices into the Group’s operations, organisational culture and 
overall ecosystem in greater measure so that we can create and deliver long-term value.
Three pillars provide a focused structure by which the Group’s material matters can be efficiently addressed 
through strategic approaches. The pillars are:
Within the respective pillars are the strategic approaches that indicate how each of the Group’s material matters 
are to be managed. These include goals, action plans, initiatives, targets and indicators by which performance 
can be monitored.
Pillar 1: Build Entrepreneurs
The Group’s role in creating and developing entrepreneurs is vital for Amway’s growth and 
contributes to income-generating activities that support the nation’s economic goals.
Pillar 2: nurturing People & Community
The Group’s people-centred culture takes heed and values the role of our people and the 
community as we deliver health and nutrition for the betterment of society.
Pillar 3: Wellness-Focused Responsible Products
The Group leads in providing wellness products that benefit society whilst causing minimal harm, 
socially and environmentally, throughout the product lifecycle. 
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
46

---- Page 49 ----
Pillar 1: Build Entrepreneurs
AMWAY’S SuSTAInABILITY COMMITMEnTS
One integral aspect of Amway’s business model is the creation and development of entrepreneurs. By consistently 
producing entrepreneurs, we are not only facilitating the Group’s growth and a steady stream of income for the 
long-term, we are also contributing to the nation’s economic goals. In FY2022, we leveraged the findings from 
our	materiality	exercises	to	identify	the	key	areas	in	which	we	could	enhance	our	entrepreneurial-based	activities	
under Pillar 1. We then organised our ABO initiatives under these two themes – Providing Income Generating 
Opportunities, and Developing Business Acumen to Cultivate Growth. These themes encompass the relevant 
material matters below and are aligned with the following SDGs:
BuILD EnTREPREnEuRS
•	 Provide	Income	Generating	Opportunities
•	 Develop	Business	Acumen	to	Cultivate	Growth
Relevant Material Matters:
ABO Relationship & 
Empowerment
Contribution to the 
Economy
Diversity, Equity & 
Inclusion
Modernisation &  
Digitisation
Providing Income Generating Opportunities
Amway began more than 45 years ago with the vision of “Helping People Live Better, Healthier Lives”.  
Leveraging our Founders’ Fundamentals of “Freedom, Family, Hope and Reward”, our goal is to help people from 
all walks of life discover their full potential and achieve their goals. By helping our ABOs to generate income and 
create value through mutually beneficial partnerships, we aim to help them discover their full potential and achieve 
their	goals.	We	continue	to	explore	ways	in	which	we	can	create	new	income	opportunities	for	our	ABOs.
In FY2022, we set the following targets and delivered these results: 
48% new ABOs  
earning bonuses
52% ABOs  
earning bonuses
We	also	aim	to	increase	the	percentage	of	entrepreneurs	under	the	age	of	35	(“U35”)	so	that	this	group	comprises	
45% of our total force size in FY2025. This endeavour is part of our target to promote entrepreneurial awareness 
among youths.
•	 To	increase	the	number	of	new	ABOs	earning	 
bonuses by 20% in FY2025. For the year in review, we 
saw the number of ABOs who were earning bonuses 
increased by 48% as compared to 30% in FY2021.
•	 To	increase	by	20%	the	number	of	ABOs	that	earn	
bonuses in FY2025. In FY2022, 52% of our total  
ABO force earned bonuses. We will use this as a 
baseline and commence reporting on our progress 
from FY2023 onwards.
% of u35 ABOs compared  
to Total Force Size
FY2021 FY2022 
39.7% 41.4%
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
47

---- Page 50 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
Pillar 1: Build Entrepreneurs
Developing Business Acumen to Cultivate Growth
Here at Amway, we understand that cultivating an ABO force that is informed, updated and educated is vital for 
the Group’s growth. To ensure that the income opportunities we provide are sustainable, we remain committed 
to upskilling and supporting our ABOs through training and education opportunities. In tandem with this, we have 
developed an eLearning platform that all our ABOs can access. Through optimising the use of technology and  
self-learning, we are now able to impart knowledge to our ABO force in a more accessible and relevant manner. 
In FY2022, our eLearning platform recorded a total of 72,482 logins. In addition, 3,900 minutes of online training 
were	provided	to	ABOs	(FY2021:	83,518	participants	and	3,495	minutes).
20222021 20222021
no. of ABO participants no. of training minutes provided
Amway eLearning
Moving forward, we have set the following targets for this segment in our sustainability agenda: 
•	 Ensure	at	least	100,000	logins	to	the	eLearning	
platform annually from FY2025 onwards; and
•	 Conduct	4,000	minutes	of	online	training	a	year	
from FY2025 onwards. 
FY2025
100,000 logins  
to eLearning platform
LOGIN
FY2025
4,000 minutes  
of online training
To this end, we will continue to enhance and modernise our online and offline education for our ABOs. We will 
also provide business skills and product training which aim to help our ABOs build and drive their own sustainable 
businesses for the long-term. 
Strengthening our eCommerce Capabilities 
Building on our FY2021 efforts to help our ABOs shift towards purchasing more on our eCommerce store, we  
continued	to	focus	on	enhancing	the	capabilities	of	our	website	to	ensure	a	seamless	online	experience	for	them.	
Towards	this	end,	FY2022	saw	Amway	releasing	over	100	enhancements	(by	way	of	technical	and	front-end	
elements)	to	improve	the	experience	on	our	website.	The	finer	details	of	the	key	enhancements	made	and	the	
related outcomes are outlined in the Management Discussion & Analysis section. 
72,482
83,518
3,495
3,900
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
48

---- Page 51 ----
Pillar 2 encompasses the Group’s initiatives which are aimed specifically at bettering the lives of our people and 
the community. Be it in the cultivation of the Group’s people-centric culture or our provision of health and wellness 
products to communities, we continue to prioritise people through our delivery of holistic solutions and initiatives. 
Pillar 2: nurturing People and Community
nuRTuRInG PEOPLE & COMMunITY
•	 Focus	on	Ethically	Gained	Growth	Benefitting	All	Stakeholders
•	 Pay	It	Forward
•	 Promote	Workplace	Well-being
Relevant Material Matters:
Ethical Business 
Practices
Learning &  
Growth
Engaged  
Communities
Diversity, Equity & 
Inclusion
Data Privacy &  
Protection
Employee Interest & 
Welfare
Occupational Health 
& Safety
Cultivating Ethically-Gained Growth
In addition to establishing foundations for growth within Amway, we are equally committed to ensuring that our  
growth and success are derived from ethical and responsible sources. To achieve this, we aim to cultivate ethical 
behaviour and knowledge of sustainability among our employees and relevant stakeholders via training and 
eLearning opportunities. 
To ensure that Amway’s principle of integrity is inculcated among all those within the organisation, we have  
sought	to	increase	the	amount	of	training	hours	on	ethics	for	our	employees	and	other	stakeholders	(using	FY2022	 
as	the	baseline).	Mandatory	training	sessions	touch	upon	topics	such	as	“	EthicsPoint”	and	“IT	Security”	while	
modules covering anti-bribery and corruption, and compliance with the law are also offered.
In FY2022, the Group organised 990 hours of ethics training which was attended by all our employees. 
The Group also intends to gradually increase the level of training on sustainability for our employees and other 
stakeholders	by	FY2025,	using	FY2022	as	a	baseline.	The	training	sessions	which	include	external	consultants’	
sessions as well as employee and stakeholder engagements, will cover Amway’s sustainability strategy and 
awareness on sustainability outcomes, among other topics. 
number of training hours for sustainability
2022 2025 Target
1 Hour per employee 
(awareness	and	introduction)
2 Hours per employee
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
49

---- Page 52 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
Pillar 2: nurturing People and Community
For FY2022, we also continued with the following regular training activities:
AMWAY’S TRAInInG AnD DEVELOPMEnT ACTIVITIES 2019-2022
All employees are required to complete the mandatory Global Code of 
Conduct Training comprising two modules, namely the Global Code of 
Conduct, and Information Security Training.
In line with the Global Code of Conduct Training, all staff are required to 
complete the privacy policy training, including the Confidential Information 
Policy and Information Security Training.
All employees are required to attend basic sustainability training to ensure 
that all employees are aware of the sustainability initiatives undertaken by 
Amway.
Amway sets out a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption and 
provides principles, guidelines and requirements on relevant matters. 
Amway has taken the necessary steps to communicate and create 
awareness on the Group’s ABAC Policy to all of Amway’s employees, ABOs, 
APCs, and vendors, and to seek their commitment to comply with the policy.
Capabilities are fundamental building blocks that enable the organisation to 
execute	on	strategy	and	maximise	outcomes	and	will	be	key	to	achieving	
Amway’s	A70	shared	vision	(i.e.,	to	transform	Amway	to	be	a	magnet	for	
young	entrepreneurs,	and	to	nurture	the	next	generation	of	leaders	who	
can	help	‘anyone,	anywhere,	anytime’	to	be	a	creator).	We	initiated	the	
A70	Capability	Building	Exercise	last	year	which	entailed	determining	the	
capabilities needed to support our transition towards A70.
We are continuously upskilling the respective functions and critical roles 
capabilities aligned with the A70 vision. The focus of the training modules 
encompass the following topics:
•	 Industry	and	Market	Needs	and	Trends;
•	 Harassment	and	Bullying	at	Work	–	Consequences	to	the	Company;	and
•	 Creative	Problem	Solving	and	Decision-Making	Skills.
Global Code of 
Conduct
Privacy Policy 
Training
Sustainability 
Basic Training
Anti-Bribery 
and Corruption 
(“ABAC”) Policy
A70  
Capabilities
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
50

---- Page 53 ----
Pillar 2: nurturing People and Community
Amway’s vision is to encourage growth and the learning capabilities of its 
employees. The Group does this through various courses/training sessions to 
help employees further their skills sets, technical knowledge and proficiency. 
FY2022’s training included the following topics:
•	 Non-Leaders	Microsoft	Excel	Intermediate	Strategies	for	Successful	
Negotiations for Non-Leaders;
•	 Non-Leaders	Professional	Email	Writing	with	Oral	Communication;
•	 Enhancing	Communication	with	Stakeholders;
•	 Swinging	towards	Solution	Consciousness	to	Solve	Problems;
•	 Principle	Leaders,	Powerful	Presenters;
•	 Creative	and	Foresight	Thinking;
•	 Basic	Occupational	First	Aid,	CPR	&	AED	Training;
•	 Teambuilding	Towards	Peak	Performance;
•	 Stakeholders	Management	-	Acquiring	the	Service	Mindset;
•	 Professional	Certificate	in	Data	Science	&	Analytics;	and
•	 Basic	Fire	Fighting	&	Emergency	Response	Plan	and	Preparedness	
Training.
Employee 
Competency 
and Technical 
Training
In FY2022, we achieved the following:
Moving forward, we aim to build upon our overall 
training hours with each passing year and to eventually 
achieve two hours of sustainability-related training per 
employee	whilst	maintaining	a	60%	completion	rate	in	
2025.
In addition to our educational activities, our push 
for ethical growth includes our efforts to minimise 
the unauthorised selling of Amway products on 
eCommerce platforms. Amway will continue to enhance 
our collaboration with the Direct Selling Association 
of	Malaysia	(“DSAM”)	to	address	unauthorised	selling	
issues with the Ministry of Domestic Trade and Cost of 
Living	(“KPDN”).	We	will	also	maintain	and	continually	
improve programmes we have set in place to prevent 
the unauthorised selling of Amway products on 
eCommerce platforms. These include the following:
•	 A	monthly	review	and	verification	of	awards	and	
rewards to ensure Healthy Business Building by 
ABOs;
•	 The	removal	of	Amway	products	on	eCommerce	
platforms through the Intellectual Property Rights 
(“IPR”)	portal.	This	is	followed	by	the	Group	taking	
legal action;
•	 Regular	meetings	with	ABO	Leaders	and	the	
development of materials to educate ABOs;
•	 Updating	the	rules	initiatives	and	making	the	
enforcement of corrective actions/sanction statistics 
visible to deter non-compliance with rules and 
regulations;
•	 Educating	ABOs	on	operating	in	a	conducive	
business environment so as to ensure profitable 
Amway businesses for the long-term;
•	 Developing	content	for	social	media	and	delivering	
training to educate ABOs on the importance of 
complying with Amway’s rules, policies, standards 
and guidelines; and
•	 Reinforcing	the	Amway	Values	and	Founders’	
Fundamentals through rules strategy awareness 
initiatives.
In FY2022, we established a baseline to help us gauge 
the Group’s progress in mitigating unauthorised selling,  
with the aim of reporting on this topic from FY2023 
onwards. 
6,042 hours  
of training
60%
eLearning completion rate
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
51

---- Page 54 ----
Malay
Malay
Malay
Malay
Malay
Malay
Malay
Malay
2
15
3
134
3 10
7 18
5 17
2
4
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
Pillar 2: nurturing People and Community
Diversity
Amway believes in celebrating the diversity of our employees’ backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures and talents and 
we seek to nurture an inclusive work environment that reflects our beliefs. We believe that this diversity is vital to 
our	growth	as	an	organisation	as	it	enables	us	to	tap	into	a	rich	pool	of	experiences,	insights	and	knowledge,	thus	
driving innovation and accelerating our journey to A70.
The following tables illustrate the Group’s current composition in terms of ethnicity, gender and position. Of the total 
number of Amway’s employees, some 24.1% are temporary/contract workers. 
Executive Non-executive
Chinese
Chinese
Chinese
Chinese
Chinese
Chinese
Chinese
Chinese
Indian
Indian
Indian
Indian
Indian
Indian
Indian
Indian
Others
Others
Others
Others
Others
Others
Others
Others
Female
Female
Female
Female
Male
Male
Male
Male
Age 30 & Below
Age 31-40
Age 51-60
Age 41-50
Total 
8
Total 
9
Total 
14
Total 
4
Total 
22
Total 
23
Total 
34
Total 
19
3
3
1
1 2
2
7
2
6
7
29
11
26
4
20
4
10
6
3
3
1
2
3
1
1
4
1
1
6
4
3
1
4
1
4
3
3
2212
Total 
26
Total 
14
Total 
10
Total 
8
Total 
29
Total 
32
Total 
36
Total 
42
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
52

---- Page 55 ----
Pillar 2: nurturing People and Community
In addition to our hiring mechanisms, we also conduct 
various initiatives to promote diversity and inclusion 
within the Group. 
We launched the “BE YOU, Be the Difference” campaign 
to remind employees that they are valued as individuals.  
This initiative is part of the Amway culture evolution 
begun	by	our	founders,	Richard	M.	DeVos	and	Jay	Van	
Andel who were both firm believers in inclusivity and 
uniting people from different walks of life. 
As a leading industry player, we are keen to fortify 
our reputation as an employer of choice. To assess 
our progress as an employer, we initiated an internal 
survey – the Employee Perception Survey – to gauge 
our employees’ perception of Amway as an inclusive 
work environment. We have set a score of 70% as the 
baseline and will begin reporting in FY2023. 
Promoting Workplace Well-being
Amway remains steadfast in its resolve to provide 
employees with a holistic working environment that 
facilitates a healthy work-life balance. In April 2022, 
we launched the Work by Design 2.0 Hybrid working 
arrangement	which	allows	for	more	flexibility	in	our	
employees’ work arrangements. We also introduced a 
“No Meetings” policy after 4:00pm on Fridays so our 
employees have time to clear their work before the 
weekend.
We went on to roll out the Enhanced Employee 
Assistance	Programme	(“EAP”)	which	allows	employees	
to seek therapy and counselling treatment with the 
cost of each session being claimable via our Insurance 
Panel. Each employee is entitled up to RM2,000 per 
year in therapy and counselling costs under the Group 
Hospitalisation	and	Surgical	(“GHS”)	plan.	Similarly,	we	
conducted the “Each Mind Matters Webinar for People 
Managers” for Mental Health Awareness. 
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
53

---- Page 56 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
Pillar 2: nurturing People and Community
All	these	benefits	come	under	our	FlexBen	programme	which	enables	employees	to	customise	their	benefits	to	fit	
their lifestyle and needs. 
Employee 
medical 
screening
Employee 
assistance 
programmes
Employee 
mental and 
physical 
health talks
Employee 
virtual 
exercise	
programme
Staff 
Entitlement 
Wallet that 
allows 
employees 
to redeem 
Amway 
products of 
their choice
Discounts on 
the ARTISTRY 
makeup range 
for female 
employees
Employee Engagement
Employee engagement activities continue to be one of the primary drivers that fosters the Group’s esprit de corp 
and facilitates effective communication within Amway. As such, we continue to organise events and activities 
for employees that not only stimulate positive employee engagement, but also encourage our people to pursue 
healthy hobbies. These were among the activities organised in FY2022: 
•	 A	social	event	for	employees	after	a	two-year	
hiatus;
•	 A	fruit	feast	organised	by	the	Amway	Sports	
Recreational	Club	(“ASRC”);
•	 An	all-employees	trip	to	Club	Med	in	Cherating	in	
October where employees from Amway Malaysia, 
Singapore and Brunei were able to reconnect 
physically; 
•	 A	workout	session	for	employees	to	de-stress	and	
exercise	in	a	group	setting;	
•	 Free	delivery	subscription	plans	to	employees	in	
conjunction with Pink October via a collaboration 
with a food delivery service provider; 
•	 A	grooming/dining	etiquette	webinar	by	a	certified	
image and brand consultant; 
•	 A	webinar	to	commemorate	International	Women’s	
Day; and 
•	 Other	ASRC-organised	events	under	our	
“Employee	Experience	and	Well-being	
Programme” that included a host of outdoor and 
indoor recreational activities. 
In	addition	to	the	aforementioned	initiatives,	Amway	employees	receive	a	higher	EPF	contribution	that	exceeds	the	
statutory rate. This is to help support our employees’ journey toward a comfortable retirement. Amway also provides 
the following benefits to our employees:
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
54

---- Page 57 ----
Pillar 2: nurturing People and Community
In December 2021, the devastating floods that affected many regions in Malaysia left many with damaged homes  
and lost possessions. In support of our impacted employees, we offered an interest-free Calamity Loan with an 
up	to	six-month	repayment	tenure	as	well	as	a	Calamity	Leave/temporary	work	arrangement	so	as	to	help	our 	
employees get through the difficult times.
To build upon the activities that we have rolled out in FY2022, the Group conducted an Employee Culture 
Engagement Survey. Using FY2022 as a baseline, we will commence reporting on our progress from FY2023 
onwards. Moving forward, we are also looking to conduct more programmes such as an “Inclusive Environment” 
campaign in FY2023 as well as more inclusion and women empowerment-centric programmes in FY2024.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
55

---- Page 58 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
Pillar 2: nurturing People and Community
Enhancing Workplace Health and Safety
•	 Establishing	systems	to	continuously	improve	our	performance;
•	 Training	and	motivating	employees	to	take	personal	
responsibility for the creation of a safe workplace;
•	 Measuring	our	progress	through	periodic	assessments,	audits	
and established KPIs;
•	 Adding	Health	and	Safety	section	to	the	“Risk	Register”	(2023);
•	 Utilising	Intelex	software	to	manage	and	track	Environment,	
Health	&	Safety	(“EHS”)	progress;
•	 Utilising	existing	enterprise	training	modules	concerning	
employee safety;
•	 Working	with	Amway	Global	team	to	adopt	the	same	
programmes in tandem with global operations; and
•	 Adding	health	and	safety	specific	questions	to	the	employee	
opinion survey to assess satisfaction and engagement.
As the majority of our employees returned to the office in FY2022,  
we proactively established safety guidelines within the office premises. 
Employees	were	expected	to	be	fully	vaccinated	and	wear	face	masks,	
as well as practice social distancing. Employees were also required to 
perform	the	COVID-19	self-test	(provided	by	Amway)	every	two	weeks.	
Capacity restrictions were also placed in all common areas, lifts and 
recreational rooms.
To ensure emergency preparedness, selected employees also underwent 
health and safety trainings including health and safety standards training, 
basic occupational first aid, CPR, and AED training, and basic firefighting 
and emergency response plan and preparedness training. The Group will 
begin reporting on this in FY2023. 
In line with the targets above, we are enhancing our OHS framework 
through the following initiatives: 
Following our material and risk 
assessments, Amway has made the 
decision to upscale our Occupational 
Health	and	Safety	(“OHS”)	measures	
throughout the Group. To this 
end, we are looking to conduct a 
Facilities	Risk	Assessment	(“FRA”)	
by FY2023 to establish Amway’s 
OHS risks. This will be followed by 
the provision of a minimum of three 
hours of OHS-based training per 
employee from FY2023 onwards. We 
are also currently in the process of 
establishing a cross functional Health 
and Safety team to perform quarterly 
audits, continuous improvement, and 
key performance indicator or KPI 
tracking and reporting by FY2023.
Additionally, Amway Global 
is currently in the process of 
developing Amway Global’s 
Environment, Health, Safety, and 
Quality management system 
named	Intelex	and	we	are	looking	
to inculcate this system to help 
us manage our performance and 
reporting by FY2023.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
56

---- Page 59 ----
Pillar 2: nurturing People and Community
•	 Form	an	“Amway	Volunteers”	corps;	
•	 Organise	foster	home/outreach	programmes	
under the “Amway Volunteers” mandate; 
•	 Provide	education	guidance;
•	 Provide	resources	to	upskill	English	proficiency;	
•	 Implement	entrepreneurship	and	life-skills	
programmes; and 
•	 Empower	foster	homes	to	be	self-sufficient	via	
growing their own produce
Caring for the Community
Amway’s	commitment	to	helping	communities	“live	better	and	healthier	lives”	extends	beyond	our	sale	of	health 	
and	wellness	products	and	can	be	seen	in	our	various	Corporate	Social	Responsibility	(“CSR”)	initiatives.	While	the 	
total number of CSR activities in FY2022 was limited due to our emphasis on internal improvements, our focus on 
helping those around us remains an integral part of the Amway DNA. 
As part of our sustainability commitments, we have set targets to provide more than three volunteer 
representatives	from	FY2023	onwards.	We	also	aim	to	volunteer	a	minimum	of	96	hours	per	foster	home	per	year 	
from 2023 onwards. 
To achieve this, we will roll out the following initiatives from FY2023 onwards:
Aside from our volunteer activities, Amway is also renewing its commitment to provide disadvantaged youths with 
internship opportunities under Projek HeadSTART.	Over	a	six-month	period,	Projek	HeadSTART candidates will 
undergo	three	months	of	training	in	technical/hands-on	exposure	and	three	months	of	training	in	administrative	
functions. In FY2022, Amway reached out to the Department of Social Welfare to procure apprentices, however,  
no candidates were made available to us during the year. 
Blood Donation Drive
In November 2022, Amway collaborated with 
University Malaya Medical Centre to organise a 
blood donation drive. This campaign sought to 
strengthen local communities by providing safe and 
ready access to life-saving blood products. Held in 
the	Brand	Experience	Center	of	the	Amway	Malaysia	
Headquarters	Petaling	Jaya,	126	volunteers	made	up	
of employees, ABOs and APCs turned up to donate 
their blood. 
Helping Those in need
Amway	donated	laptops	worth	RM7,698	to	eight	
children at Rumah Tunas Harapan which enabled 
them to get access to online education in the new 
normal. This is Amway’s commitment to supporting 
a more consistent and reliable routine for the 
children’s learning.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
57

---- Page 60 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
Amway’s commitment towards ensuring the quality and safety of our products is at the forefront of our operational 
priorities. Be it in our sourcing, manufacturing or branding, we strive to ensure that our processes deliver on the 
Amway promise of quality. As such, we are committed to upholding the highest standards in health and safety 
requirements, from beginning to end. The initiatives under Pillar 3 underscore this. 
Pillar 3: Wellness-Focused Responsible Products
WELLnESS-FOCuSED RESPOnSIBLE PRODuCTS
•	 Provide	Trusted	Products
•	 Environment	Stewardship
•	 Source	Responsibly
Relevant Material Matters:
Responsible Sourcing 
& Supply Chain
Energy Use & GHG 
Emissions
Packaging &  
Waste
Consumer Health, 
Safety & Satisfaction
Providing Trusted Products
As a responsible brand owner, we have a responsibility 
to	ensure	all	existing	and	new	products	comply	with	
local statutory requirements and are registered under 
the respective government agencies such as the Energy 
Commission, SIRIM and the National Pharmaceutical 
Regulatory	Agency	(“NPRA”).	We	also	provide	continuous	
support to ensure that our ABOs, APCs and customers 
remain informed about product safety, quality and 
reliability.
To maintain zero number of regulatory non-compliance 
incidents related to product safety and services, all of 
Amway’s health supplements, traditional medicine and 
beauty products will continue to be registered with the 
NPRA, while all communications materials will need to be 
approved	by	the	Medicine	Advertisements	Board	(“MAB”).	
100% of our products were 
assessed in FY2022 with no  
non-compliance incidents.
90% of our product sales are 
from products and services that bring 
consumers more holistic nutrition, 
health and wellness solutions.
We will maintain, if not increase, this percentage through 
our introduction and promotion of new products and 
services that support the development of a healthy body, 
healthy skin and healthy home.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
58

---- Page 61 ----
Pillar 3: Wellness-Focused Responsible Products
Sourcing Responsibly 
Product traceability is beginning to increase in 
significance as consumers are now choosing to buy 
from brands that are more transparent with their product 
sourcing to ensure safety and quality. Furthermore, with 
the clarion call for environmental awareness only getting 
louder, consumers are more likely to purchase products 
from brands that are reputedly ethical and responsible.
As a conscientious brand owner, Amway practices 
transparency in the marketing and branding of its 
products. From highlighting traceability in our Nutrilite 
range to keeping our Amway Promise and after-sales 
care, we remain committed to guaranteeing product 
quality and assurance. 
In terms of manufacturing, we strive to ensure that 
our sourcing processes and supply chain reflect 
responsibility and sustainability. Effective FY2024 
onwards, Amway is looking to inculcate sustainability 
in our sourcing strategy and supplier relationship 
management. We will also be increasing the percentage 
of sustainably-sourced products in our portfolio.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
59

---- Page 62 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
Pillar 3: Wellness-Focused Responsible Products
Environmental Stewardship
As we grow in our capacity as a provider of health and wellness solutions, the need for us to embrace more 
environmentally conscious practices become more urgent. The Group acknowledges this call to stewardship, and 
we are wholly committed to stepping into the role of a practitioner of sustainable practices. 
Energy Management
Amway’s energy management activities revolve around our incorporation and 
enhancement of energy conservation practices throughout our operations. 
In doing so, we are decreasing our carbon footprint for the long run, while 
generating savings for the Group. 
1,697,155 kWh2021 2,274,771 kWh2022
Our energy-conserving methods currently comprise the following activities: 
•	 Promotion	of	energy	conservation	at	Amway’s	office	through	awareness	and	education	initiatives;
•	 Usage	of	energy	efficient	equipment/machinery	including	energy	conserving	designs	in	building	
operations; and
•	 Continual	monitoring	of	electricity	usage	at	our	office.
In	FY2022,	we	recorded	total	energy	consumption	of	2,274,771	kWh,	which	increased	34%	from	1,697,155	kWh	
in FY2021 as we began resuming full-scale operations at the shops and office in May.
In terms of our emissions management, the Group has set baselines for reporting in FY2022 and will begin 
to share the corresponding results in FY2024. 
The	Group	will	continue	to	explore	the	different	methods	and	technologies	we	can	use	to	reduce	our	energy	
consumption and GHG emissions. 
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
60

---- Page 63 ----
Pillar 3: Wellness-Focused Responsible Products
Waste Management 
Amway implemented an office-wide waste reduction programme 
in FY2022 to further divert general waste from disposal.
To achieve our KPIs, we will be focusing on employee waste. We 
aim to reduce the office waste at Amway Malaysia Headquarters, 
Petaling	Jaya	by	promoting	sustainability	and	recycling	initiatives.	
These will include developing an office sustainability team and 
“Green Challenges”. 
The following table illustrates the total weight of the waste that  
Amway	generated	in	FY2022	in	metric	tonnes	(“MT”),	and	a	breakdown	of	this	total	by	composition	of	the	
waste. Although, we had not fully returned to the office in the year 2021, we registered a higher amount of 
general waste than in 2022 due to heavy home delivery activities during the pandemic.
Landfill Waste
Recyclable Waste 
87.565	MT
77.321 MT
215.03 MT
250.85 MT
FY2021 FY2022
Total 
302.595  
MT
Total 
328.171  
MT
For FY2022, some 75% or 250.85 MT of Amway’s general waste was recycled, which increased by 17% as 
compared to FY2021. The remaining waste was sent to the landfills.
Water Management 
The Group’s water consumption is largely restricted to the daily use of facilities at our headquarters by our 
employees, ABOs, APCs and visitors. As part of the Group’s efforts to conserve water, we upgraded the 
water	facilities	in	the	restrooms	at	Amway	Malaysia	Headquarters,	Petaling	Jaya.	These	measures	included	
replacing conventional water faucets with self-closing faucets and traditional flushes with low-flow dual flush 
WCs. These changes helped reduce water consumption per use by 50% and 25% respectively. 
The Group is also committed to disposing all hazardous waste in a responsible manner, recycling where 
possible. 
50%  
Water savings from
self-closing faucets
25%  
Water savings from
low-flow dual flush WCs
FY2025
100% eCommerce shipping materials are made with either sustainable materials 
and/or are recyclable or compostable
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
61

---- Page 64 ----
SuSTAInABILITY STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
THE WAY FORWARD
Moving forward, Amway remains committed to upholding 
and building upon the Sustainability Strategic Framework, 
the three pillars and structured key initiatives which the 
Group implemented in FY2022. With targets set till FY2030, 
Amway’s enhanced Sustainability Strategic Framework and 
new Sustainability Policy will guide the Group’s value-creation 
efforts	over	the	next	seven	years	so	that	a	more	robust	culture	
of sustainability is prevalent within the Group by the end of that 
timeframe. 
The Board and Amway’s Sustainability Committees remain 
committed to working with every level of the organisation and 
the relevant authorities to ensure the success of the Group’s 
sustainability agenda. By accentuating sustainability in the 
Group’s decision-making and business processes, Amway is 
ensuring that it is maintaining the momentum that will firmly 
propel the Group forward and bolster its value-creation 
capabilities for the long-term. 
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
62

---- Page 65 ----
FY2022 AWARDS & ACHIEVEMEnTS
Graduates’ Choice Award (“GCA”)
Reader’s Digest Trusted Brand Awards 2022
Frost & Sullivan Asia-Pacific Best Practices Awards 
2022
•	 Graduates’	Choice	Award	is	100%	voted	for	by	University	
students. 
•	 Amway	(Malaysia)	Sdn	Bhd	has	been	voted	as	the	Most	
Preferred Graduate Employers under the Multi-Level 
Marketing Category in Malaysia.
•	 Amway’s	eSpring	Water	Treatment	System	was	recognised	
with the Frost & Sullivan Asia-Pacific Home Water Treatment 
Competitive Strategy Leadership Award for the 13th 
consecutive year.
•	 Nutrilite	has	won	Gold	and	Platinum	Awards	in	the	Reader’s	
Digest Trusted Brand Awards’ Vitamin/Health Supplement 
(Malaysia)	category	since	2005.	
•	 In	2022,	Nutrilite	received	a	Gold	Award	for	the	18th 
consecutive	year,	reaffirming	its	position	as	the	world’s	#1	
selling vitamin and dietary supplement brand.
•	 eSpring	Water	Treatment	System	was	bestowed	a	Gold	Award	
in the water purifier category for both Malaysia and Asia for the 
17th consecutive year.
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Our Significant Events  
& Achievements
63

---- Page 66 ----
To empower Malaysians to embrace balance in their 
lifestyles, Amway organised a webinar titled “Start Y our 
Day Right with A Nutritious Drink” which was streamed 
on Amway Malaysia’s Facebook page. The webinar, 
which was hosted by TV personality and the patron of 
the Mental Illness Awareness & Support Association 
(“MIASA”),	Che	Puan	Sarimah	Ibrahim,	also	featured	
Universiti	Malaya	Centre	for	Sport	and	Exercise	Sciences’	
Senior Lecturer and Deputy Director for Research, Dr. 
Sareena Hanim Hamzah, as well as Consultant Dietitian 
and Professional Health Speaker, Indra Balaratnam.
In her speech, Dr. Sareena emphasised the importance of 
observing personal health by monitoring one’s diet and 
practising an active lifestyle. Indra added that a healthy 
diet supports our immune system which in turn, reduces 
the likelihood of developing other health issues. The importance of protein in aiding muscle growth, body repair and 
metabolic regulation, along with the need for weight and hunger management, were also emphasised. 
To gain a clearer perspective on current trends, Amway Malaysia conducted a social media poll asking 1,000 Malaysians 
about their favourite breakfast beverages. According to the results, Malaysians prefer coffee, tea and protein shakes as 
their morning beverages. 
Dr. Sareena concluded that Malaysians should focus on including protein in every meal in addition to carbohydrates 
and other nutrients for a more balanced lifestyle. One way we can all conveniently make that happen is through protein 
shakes that can work as a complement to other dietary elements. Besides the webinar, the campaign also included the 
sharing of protein-rich recipes and educational tips and tricks to stay healthy and fit. 
2022 EVEnT HIGHLIGHTS
nutrilite ActivPower Run Clinches Malaysia Book  
of Records Title
At the end of 2021, Amway organised the Nutrilite ActivPower Run 2021 
with the aim of breaking the 250,000 km record in the Malaysia Book of 
Records for the longest distance covered in a virtual run. Comprising two 
entry	categories	–	Individual	or	Family	(four	pax)	–	the	Run	was	open	to	
Amway	Business	Owners	(“ABOs”),	Amway	Privileged	Customers	(“APCs”)	
and Amway Malaysia employees.
For the virtual run, runners could run anytime and anywhere between  
15	December	2021	and	14	January	2022	with	the	goal	of	hitting	 
150	km	for	the	individual	category	and	600	km	for	the	family	category.	
Runners were given three targets to reach and had the opportunity to 
share their run progress and motivate others on social media using the 
trendy Nutrilite Instagram filter dedicated to each specific target with the 
hashtags	#NutriliteActivPowerRun2021,	#MalaysiaBookOfRecords	and	
#NutriliteMY.	Amway	also	produced	an	exclusively	designed	Nutrilite	
ActivPower Run 2021 t-shirt and developed the Nutrilite Active app that 
can be downloaded for free on both Apple and Android iOS devices.
Around 4,000 people participated in the run and contributed to the 
collective	distance	of	337,834.65	km,	thus	ensuring	the	Nutrilite	
ActivPower Run 2021 earned its place in the Malaysia Book of Records. 
To commemorate this huge achievement, all runners were given medals 
and eCertificates. 
Start Y our Day Right with a nutritious Drink
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
64

---- Page 67 ----
With body and health awareness on the rise, consumers are 
beginning to recognise the benefits of probiotics and digestive 
health. In line with this, Amway conducted a virtual workshop 
that enlightened wellness enthusiasts on the importance of 
probiotics,	as	well	as	explored	the	various	significant	life	stages	
that	women	experience	and	the	value	of	proper	nutrition	at	
each stage. The virtual workshop themed, “Women Health from 
Within”, was hosted by Senior Nutritionist, Sharmini Devi, and 
trainers, Lee Chih Ying and Sue Choo. 
Dr. Kristin Morris, Principal Research Scientist & Clinical 
Investigations, Amway Research & Development, was also 
invited to share on the importance of a healthy and diverse 
gut microbiome, especially for women, and on their vaginal 
health. Among the key takeaways, she shared that women 
should be aware that they need specific strains of bacteria 
for their wellness as certain strains help them balance their 
pH levels and prevent the overgrowth of bacteria, especially 
for women with childbearing potential. 
The workshop also saw the introduction of the Nutrilite 
Cranberry Fruit Drink Base with Probiotic, Inulin & FOS. 
This beverage aids women in the normalisation of vaginal 
microbiome	(occurring	from	the	14th	day	onwards)	and	
supports a healthy immune response. 
In February, Nutrilite launched two supplements under the new product 
range, Modern Herbal Nutrition, which comprises supplements made 
from herbal and botanical ingredients. The two new supplements, Nutrilite 
Botanical Beverage Berries with Lutein, and Nutrilite Botanical Beverage 
Apple,	Jujube	&	Wheat	Peptide	are	aimed	at	boosting	vision	and	stomach	
health, respectively. 
The launch was conducted over a Facebook Live eRally moderated by TV 
host, Terrance Dass. During the live event, ABOs and APCs were provided 
with an educational session, in addition to Nutrilite updates from Nutrition 
Category	Manager,	Joyce	Tan.	
Viewers were also briefly introduced to Amway’s Modern Herbal Nutrition 
product range by Amway China’s Vice President of Innovation & Science 
East	Hub,	Chen	Jia	who	shared	Nutrilite’s	strategy	to	modernise	traditional	
herbals with modern science, including understanding why and how 
they work. She also communicated that this strategy leverages the rising 
demand for herbal and naturally sourced products due to the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
Product	Development	Expert,	Amway	China’s	Innovation	&	Science	Centre	
Principal Scientist, Dr. Eric Du was also invited to share his insights on the 
two new supplements. He cited how the supplements, which are backed 
by scientific research studies and patented technology, deliver nutritional 
benefits to the eyes and stomach. 
nutrilite Modern Herbal nutrition eRally
Women Health From Within Event
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Our Significant Events  
& Achievements
65

---- Page 68 ----
2022 EVEnT HIGHLIGHTS (COnT’D)
Amway Brings Back the Physical national Leadership Conference & Dinner 2022
Following	a	two-year	physical	hiatus,	the	National	Leadership	Conference	&	Dinner	(NLCD)	2022	was	held	on	25	June	
2022	with	over	3,500	Amway	Leaders	(and	another	500	Leaders	joining	virtually)	from	Malaysia,	Singapore	and	Brunei	
packing	the	halls	at	the	Malaysia	International	Trade	and	Exhibition	Centre,	Kuala	Lumpur.	
Mike Duong, Managing Director of Amway Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei, along with fellow Amway Leaders, 
introduced this year’s theme of “BREAKTHROUGH”. This was followed by a series of inspiring opening video messages 
from	the	Co-Chairman	of	the	Board	of	Directors	for	Amway,	Doug	DeVos;	Chief	Executive	Officer	of	Amway	Global,	
Milind Pant; and Regional President, Asia & Chief Strategy & Corporate Development Officer, Asha Gupta. Mike Duong 
also summed up Amway’s amazing growth in spite of the ongoing pandemic with the word “HEBAT”. 
The Leaders in attendance were then given Marketing and Sales updates from Head of Marketing & Communications, 
Joanne	Chong,	and	former	Chief	Sales	&	Experience	Officer,	Leong	Kok	Fong	respectively.	Focusing	on	“Healthier”	and	
“Prettier”	topics,	Joanne	Chong	provided	insights	into	Amway’s	upcoming	marketing	activities,	including	the	launch	of	
Improved	Formula	Nutrilite	DOUBLE	X,	ARTISTRY	GO	VIBRANT	Lipstick,	ARTISTRY	SKIN	NUTRITION	Vitamin	C+HA3	
Daily	Serum,	and	XS	IGNITE	Blood	Orange	Fruit	Drink	Based	with	Isomaltulose	&	L-Glutamine.
Meanwhile, Leong Kok Fong shared a sales update presentation which included announcements pertaining to Amway’s 
Pin	Achievers,	PY2023	Renewal,	Jom	Bina	Bronze	Campaign	2.0,	Core	Plus+	and	Non-Cash	Award	initiatives.	His	
presentation ended with a bang, with the unveiling of the Diamond Invitational 2023 destination, namely Queenstown, 
New Zealand, while Paris, France, was announced as the upcoming destination for the 2023 Amway Leadership 
Seminar. 
For the rest of the night, there were many activities including musical performances, multiple lucky draws and a special 
“Runway Fashion” show for leaders to participate in, making NLCD 2022 a truly unforgettable night.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
66

---- Page 69 ----
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Our Significant Events  
& Achievements
67

---- Page 70 ----
2022 EVEnT HIGHLIGHTS (COnT’D)
Over 2,300 ABOs and APCs physically attended the ARTISTRY Beauty 
Camp held at the World Trade Centre Kuala Lumpur in September 2022, 
following two years of lockdown restrictions. The event covered lessons on 
strengthening one’s ARTISTRY business as well as an in-depth coverage of 
the ARTISTRY SKIN NUTRITION Vitamin C+HA3 Daily Serum. 
During the morning session, Thailand’s Double Diamond, Christmas 
Sathianwarraporn, shared how she built her business from the ground 
up with ARTISTRY products along with insightful tips. Later, Lauren Baer, 
Amway	Global	Scientist,	explained	the	science	behind	the	ARTISTRY	SKIN	
NUTRITION Vitamin C+HA3 Daily Serum and gave away full-sized bottles to 
a few lucky audience members. 
Following that, Maggie Pepoy, Global Brand Manager of ARTISTRY 
Skincare, shared intriguing insights on the ARTISTRY SKIN NUTRITION 
range and provided a sneak peek on upcoming launches and the future 
direction of ARTISTRY Skincare. After the Business and Product Building 
Sessions, participants enjoyed lunch and interesting foyer activities which 
included a special makeup booth where participants could get their 
makeup touched up by the talented ARTISTRY Squad. 
For the final session, there were two workshops titled “Beauty Curator 
Classes:	Beauty	Solutions	101	and	Beauty	Devices	201”	(available	in	English,	
Bahasa	Malaysia,	and	Mandarin).	These	workshops	taught	participants	how	
to provide complete skincare solutions for their customers. Participants 
were also taught how to build their businesses with the ARTISTRY 
5-Day Solution, INTENSIVE SKINCARE Vita Collagen Capsule and SKIN 
NUTRITION products, while live product demonstrations with the ARTISTRY 
Skin Analyzer and Dermasonic devices followed. 
ARTISTRY Beauty Camp 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
68

---- Page 71 ----
After a long three-year break, over 2,000 ABOs showed up for the final leg of the Improved Formula Nutrilite  
DOUBLE	X	Rally	held	at	Sunway	Pyramid	Convention	Centre,	Selangor.	The	same	rally	was	also	held	at	the 	
Promenade	Hotel,	Kota	Kinabalu;	Grand	Margherita	Hotel,	Kuching;	Thistle	Hotel,	Johor	Bahru;	and	Eastin	Hotel, 	
Penang. 
During	the	much-anticipated	final	rally,	Diamond	Leaders	were	invited	to	an	exclusive	DOUBLE	X	experiential	session 	
before	the	event	started.	Meanwhile,	ABOs	got	to	share	their	excitement	on	social	media	with	the	“funducational”	and 	
interactive Nutrilite booths outside the main event hall. 
Principal	Research	Scientist,	Jennifer	Dang,	and	Botanical	Research	Scientist,	Chris	Lenderink,	who	are	the	brilliant 	
minds	behind	the	Improved	Formula	Nutrilite	DOUBLE	X,	were	guests	at	the	rally	which	was	launched	by	Amway 	
Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei Managing Director, Mike Duong. In his inspirational speech, Mike Duong touched on 
the	legacy	of	Nutrilite	and	shared	his	hopes	on	how	the	Improved	Formula	Nutrilite	DOUBLE	X	can	help	Malaysians 	
improve their health while helping ABOs grow their businesses. 
Also	on	stage	was	Head	of	Marketing	&	Communications,	Joanne	Chong,	who	officially	launched	the	new	product, 	
and along with fellow Nutrilite Scientists, gave us the lowdown on the science behind the Improved Formula Nutrilite 
DOUBLE	X.	The	latter	now	comes	with	proactive	and	reactive	defences	against	free	radicals	and	is	superior	at	filling	in 	
nutritional gaps thanks to its new enhanced blend that has even more purple phytonutrients.
Going	in-depth	on	the	importance	of	nutrition	being	complemented	by	good	supplementation,	Joanne	Chong 	
highlighted that although eating a variety of fruits and vegetables from across the colour spectrum is the best way to 
support health, it is not always easy to accomplish that. As such, dietary supplements are essential in helping to fill the 
nutrient gaps. 
Introducing the Improved Formula nutrilite DOuBLE x
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
Sustainability 
Statement
Our Significant Events  
& Achievements
69

---- Page 72 ----
2022 EVEnT HIGHLIGHTS (COnT’D)
In	October	2022,	Amway	unveiled	the	All-New	XS	IGNITE	at	the	BodyKey	
Young@Heart	physical	event.	The	new	XS	IGNITE	Blood	Orange	Fruit	Drink	
Base contains Isomaltulose which boosts workout performance, L-Glutamine 
that	promotes	energy	metabolism,	and	Moro	Blood	Orange	Extract	that	is	
proven to effectively manage body weight. Held at the Bukit Kiara Equestrian 
& Country Resort, Kuala Lumpur, the event was attended by over 700 Amway 
Leaders and ABOs who purchased the limited edition event bundle. 
Attractions	at	the	event	included	a	limited	edition	BodyKey	and	XS	
merchandise	booth,	BodyKey	and	XS	games	that	included	a	Bicycle	Blender,	
Nintendo Switch Ring Fit game, and Battle Rope Challenge, as well as 
mocktail and face painting booths.
More	significantly,	there	was	an	exclusive	BodyKey	and	XS	Hot	Air	Balloon	
ride for Leaders and ABOs to get a bird’s eye view of the whole event. There 
was	even	a	very	Instagram-worthy	XS	Tunnel	for	participants	to	show	off	the	
event on their social media channels. 
Managing Director of Amway Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei, Mike Duong 
kickstarted the event with his opening speech. This was followed by an 
introduction	to	the	all-new	XS	IGNITE	Blood	Orange	Fruit	Drink	Base	with	
Isomaltulose & L-Glutamine by Head of Marketing & Communications 
Joanne	Chong.	During	her	speech,	she	also	gave	everyone	a	sneak	peek	at	
the future of the BodyKey journey. 
Following the speeches, event host, Sean Lee, introduced on-stage 
activities like a K-Pop Zumba dance by Hanif Shawn, a group LED Hula Hoop 
performance,	and	performances	by	Jeii	Pong,	Gaston	Pong,	and	GoYoung	to	
get everyone’s blood pumping. 
Y oung@Heart with the All-new xS IGnITE Launch
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
70

---- Page 73 ----
CORPORATE InFORMATIOn
COMPAnY SECRETARIES
Wong	Wai	Foong	(MAICSA	7001358)
SSM PC No. 202008001472
Kuan	Hui	Fang	(MIA	16876)
SSM PC No. 202008001235
REGISTERED OFFICE
Unit 30-01, Level 30, Tower A
Vertical Business Suite
Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur
Tel  : 03-2783 9191
Fax	:	03-2783	9111
SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor & Issuing
House Services Sdn Bhd
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A
Vertical Business Suite
Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : 03-2783 9299
Fax	:	03-2783	9222
PRInCIPAL BuSInESS ADDRESS
28,	Jalan	223
46100	Petaling	Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel		 :	03-7946	2800
E-mail : ir@amway.com
COMPAnY WEBSITE
www.amway.my 
AuDITORS
Ernst & Y oung PLT
Chartered Accountants
Level 23A, Menara Milenium
Jalan	Damanlela
Pusat Bandar Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
PRInCIPAL BAnKERS
Public Bank Berhad
Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad
STOCK ExCHAnGE LISTInG
Main Market
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
Stock	Code		:	6351
Stock Name : AMWAY
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
71

---- Page 74 ----
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
TAn SRI FAIZAH 
BInTI MOHD TAHIR
Chairperson and  
Senior Independent  
Non-Executive	Director
LOW HAn KEE
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive	Director
SCOTT RuSSELL 
BALFOuR 
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive	Director
DATIn SERI AZREEn  
BInTI ABu nOH
Independent  
Non-Executive	Director
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
72

---- Page 75 ----
MICHAEL 
JOnATHAn DuOnG 
Managing Director 
DATO’ ABDuLLAH 
THALITH BIn MD 
THAnI
Independent  
Non-Executive	Director
ABD MALIK BIn  
A RAHMAn  
Independent  
Non-Executive	Director
AIDA BInTI  
MD DAuD 
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive	Director
HO KIM POI 
Independent  
Non-Executive	Director
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
73

---- Page 76 ----
DIRECTORS’ PROFILES
TAn SRI FAIZAH 
BInTI MOHD TAHIR
Chairperson and  
Senior Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Tan	Sri	Faizah	Binti	Mohd	Tahir	(Tan	Sri	Faizah)	was	
appointed	a	Director	of	Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	
(“AMHB”)	on	8	May	2014.	She	is	the	Chairperson	and	Senior	
Independent	Non-Executive	Director	of	AMHB.	
She	graduated	with	a	Bachelor	of	Economics	(Honours)	
from Universiti of Malaya and obtained a Master of Arts 
(Development	Economics)	from	Williams	College,	the	United	
States of America.
She	joined	the	Economic	Planning	Unit	(“EPU”),	Prime	
Minister’s Department in 1973 and served in the Agriculture, 
Distribution and Human Resource Sections in various 
capacities. Her last position at the EPU was as its Director, 
Trade and Industry Section before she was appointed as 
the Secretary-General of the Ministry of Women, Family and 
Community Development, a position which she held from 
2001 until her retirement in 2009.
Nationality   Malaysian
Age and Gender   72 / Female
Date of Appointment  8 May 2014
Tan Sri Faizah is the Chairperson of the OrphanCare 
Foundation and Yayasan Sejahtera, and also sits on the 
Board of Temasek Foundation International, Singapore.
Save as disclosed, Tan Sri Faizah does not hold any 
directorships in other public companies and listed issuers.
Tan Sri Faizah is not a shareholder of the Company. She 
does not have any family relationship with any Director  
and/or major shareholder of the Company and has no 
conflict of interest with the Company. She has not been 
convicted of any offence within the past five years, nor has 
she had any public sanction or penalty imposed upon her 
by the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year.
Tan Sri Faizah attended all four Board meetings held during 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
74

---- Page 77 ----
MICHAEL JOnATHAn 
DuOnG 
Managing Director 
Michael	Jonathan	Duong	(Mr.	Mike	Duong)	was	appointed	
a	Director	of	Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	(“AMHB”)	
on	1	January	2017.	He	was	also	appointed	a	Director	of	both	
Amway	(Malaysia)	Sdn.	Bhd.	(“AMSB”)	and	Amway	(B)	Sdn.	
Bhd.	(“ABSB”)	on	1	January	2017.	On	1	May	2018,	he	went	
on	to	helm	AMHB,	AMSB,	ABSB	and	Amway	(Singapore)	
Pte.	Ltd.		(“Amway	Singapore”)	as	Managing	Director	
(“MD”).	On	1	April	2023,	he	relinquished	his	role	as	MD	of	
Amway Singapore and took on a new role as MD of Amway 
Indonesia.
He began his career with Amway holding the positions 
of Director of Internal Audit, Director of Amway Business 
Services Asia Pacific, and Director of Strategy & Planning 
Asia Pacific between 2008 and 2015. Prior to his 
employment with Amway, Mr. Mike Duong worked with 
Boeing from 1997 to 2008. His last post with Boeing was  
as its Senior Manager of Global Financial Services.
Nationality   American
Age and Gender   49 / Male
Date of Appointment  1 January 2017
He graduated with a Bachelor of Science – Mechanical 
Engineering from Boston University College of Engineering, 
Boston, MA.
Mr. Mike Duong does not hold any directorship in other 
public companies and listed issuers.
Mr. Mike Duong is not a shareholder of the Company. He 
does not have any family relationship with any Director  
and/or major shareholder of the Company and has no 
conflict of interest with the Company. He has not been 
convicted of any offence within the past five years, nor has 
he had any public sanction or penalty imposed upon him by 
the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year.
Mr. Mike Duong attended all four Board meetings held 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
75

---- Page 78 ----
LOW HAn KEE
Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Low	Han	Kee	(Mr.	Low)	was	appointed	a	Director	of	Amway	
(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	(“AMHB”)	and	Amway	(Malaysia)	
Sdn.	Bhd.	(“AMSB”)	on	6	June	1996	and	16	October	1995	
respectively. He was appointed as a member of the Audit 
Committee on 25 August 2021.
He joined AMSB in 1990 as the Divisional Manager of the 
Finance & Administration Division and was promoted to 
General Manager in 1993 before being appointed as the 
Managing Director in 1998, a position which he retired from 
on	31	January	2016.	He	also	served	as	Managing	Director	 
of	AMHB	from	1998	until	his	retirement	on	31	January	2016.	
He	was	also	a	Director	of	Amway	(B)	Sdn.	Bhd.
He qualified as a Certified Public Accountant in 1984 whilst 
serving	in	Ernst	&	Whinney	(now	known	as	Ernst	&	Young	
PLT),	an	international	accounting	firm.	He	brings	to	the	
table	more	than	30	years	of	financial	expertise,	having	
held senior finance positions in companies listed on Bursa 
Malaysia	Securities	Berhad	(“Bursa	Securities”),	including	
Nationality   Malaysian
Age and Gender   63 / Male
Date of Appointment  6 June 1996
Mulpha International Trading Corporation Berhad, a group 
involved in trading, construction and engineering, where he 
last held the position of Group Chief Accountant, from 1985 
to 1990 before leaving to join AMSB.
Presently, he is a Board member of Leong Hup International 
Berhad.
Save as disclosed, Mr. Low does not hold any directorships 
in other public companies and listed issuers.
Mr. Low is not a shareholder of the Company. He does not 
have any family relationship with any Director and/or major 
shareholder of the Company and has no conflict of interest 
with the Company. He has not been convicted of any 
offence within the past five years, nor has he had any public 
sanction or penalty imposed upon him by the relevant 
regulatory bodies during the financial year.
Mr. Low attended all four Board meetings held during the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022.
DIRECTORS’ PROFILES (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
76

---- Page 79 ----
SCOTT RuSSELL BALFOuR 
Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Mr.	Scott	Balfour)	was	appointed	a	
Director	of	Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	on	 
15	January	2004.	He	is	the	Chairman	of	the	Remuneration	
Committee and a member of both the Audit Committee and 
Nominating Committee.
He is a member of the American, Michigan and Grand 
Rapids Bar Associations. He has authored several articles 
regarding Korean and Asian jurisprudence and co-authored 
the book titled “Korean Labor and Employment Laws”.
Mr. Scott Balfour joined Alticor Inc in 1998 and retired 
on 8 October 2021 from the position of Vice President 
and Deputy General Counsel, International Legal and 
Business Conduct and Rules – Asia and Greater China. 
He is currently serving as a consultant for Alticor providing 
ongoing support to the Asia region. During his tenure  
as the Vice President and Deputy General Counsel,  
Mr. Scott Balfour coordinated and oversaw Alticor’s diverse 
legal issues for all of Alticor’s Asian affiliates, including 
those in Australia, China, Korea, Hong Kong, Indonesia, 
Japan,	Malaysia,	New	Zealand,	the	Philippines,	Singapore,	
Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam. He also led several legal 
and business conduct and rules teams in the markets that 
were responsible for ensuring compliance with diverse 
laws, including direct selling and fair trade laws as well as 
Nationality   American
Age and Gender   61 / Male
Date of Appointment  15 January 2004
compliance with Amway’s Code of Conduct for the benefit 
of more than three million Amway Business Owners.
Prior to joining Alticor, he spent eight years as a Senior 
Foreign Legal Consultant for the law firm of Kim & Chang in 
Seoul, South Korea. His clients included Amway, Citibank, 
Pepsico, Morgan Stanley, Nike, McDonald’s, Gerber, 
Unilever, P&G and Duracell to name a few.
He graduated with a Bachelor of Science Degree from 
Michigan State University in 1983. After serving in the US 
military, he attended the University of Detroit where he 
received	a	Juris	Doctorate	Degree	cum	laude	in	1990.
Mr. Scott Balfour does not hold any directorships in other 
public companies and listed issuers.
Mr. Scott Balfour is not a shareholder of the Company. He 
does not have any family relationship with any Director  
and/or major shareholder of the Company and has no 
conflict of interest with the Company. He has not been 
convicted of any offence within the past five years, nor has 
he had any public sanction or penalty imposed upon him by 
the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year.
Mr. Scott Balfour attended all four Board meetings held 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
77

---- Page 80 ----
DATO’ ABDuLLAH THALITH 
BIn MD THAnI
Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(Dato’	Abdullah)	was	
appointed	a	Director	of	Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	
on 15 May 2015. He is the Chairman of the Nominating 
Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. 
He	graduated	with	a	Bachelor	of	Surveying	(Property	
Management)	from	Universiti	Teknologi	Malaysia	in	1978	
and	obtained	a	Master	of	Science	(Business	Studies)	from	
the University of Salford in 1993.
Dato’ Abdullah started his career as a Valuation Officer in 
the Valuation and Property Services Department, Ministry 
of Finance, in 1978. His career in the Ministry saw him serve 
in various capacities including as District Valuer, State 
Director, Director of National Institute of Valuation, Director 
of	National	Property	Information	Centre	(“NAPIC”),	Deputy	
Director General and subsequently the Director General of 
the	Department	in	2006.	He	retired	from	public	service	in	
2012.
Nationality   Malaysian
Age and Gender   68 / Male
Date of Appointment  15 May 2015
Currently, he is a Board member of AmFIRST Real Estate 
Investment Trust.
Save as disclosed, Dato’ Abdullah does not hold any 
directorships in other public companies and listed issuers.
Dato’ Abdullah is not a shareholder of the Company. He 
does not have any family relationship with any Director  
and/or major shareholder of the Company and has no 
conflict of interest with the Company. He has not been 
convicted of any offence within the past five years, nor has 
he had any public sanction or penalty imposed upon him by 
the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year.
Dato’ Abdullah attended all four Board meetings held during 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
DIRECTORS’ PROFILES (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
78

---- Page 81 ----
ABD MALIK BIn A RAHMAn  
Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(En.	Abd	Malik)	was	appointed	 
a	Director	of	Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	on	 
1	January	2019.	He	is	the	Chairman	of	the	Audit	Committee	
and a member of both the Nominating Committee and the 
Remuneration Committee.
He is a Chartered Accountant member of the Malaysian 
Institute	of	Accountants	(“MIA”),	a	Fellow	of	the	Association	
of	Chartered	Certified	Accountants	(UK)	(“ACCA”),	and	
a member of the Malaysian Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants	(“MICPA”).	En.	Abd	Malik	is	also	a	member	of	
the	Malaysian	Institute	of	Management	(“MIM”)	and	a	Fellow	
of	the	Institute	of	Corporate	Directors	Malaysia	(“ICDM”).	
Over the course of his career, En. Abd Malik held senior 
management positions at several companies in diverse 
industries including the Oil & Gas, Manufacturing, Fast 
Moving Consumer Goods, Multi-level Marketing and Port 
Logistics segments.
He was formerly the Chairman of Affin Hwang Investment 
Bank Berhad, and formerly served as an Independent 
Nationality   Malaysian
Age and Gender   74 / Male
Date of Appointment  1 January 2019
Director of Affin Bank Berhad, Affin Hwang Asset 
Management Berhad, Boustead Heavy Industries 
Corporation Berhad, Innity Corporation Berhad and Lee 
Swee Kiat Group Berhad. 
En. Abd Malik is currently an Independent Director of  
Mah Sing Group Berhad, AYS Ventures Berhad and  
CYL Corporation Berhad. He also serves on the board of  
a private limited company.
Save as disclosed, En. Abd Malik does not hold any 
directorships in other public companies and listed issuers. 
En. Abd Malik is a shareholder of the Company. He does not 
have any family relationship with any Director and/or major 
shareholder of the Company and has no conflict of interest 
with the Company. He has not been convicted of any 
offence within the past five years, nor has he had any public 
sanction or penalty imposed upon him by the relevant 
regulatory bodies during the financial year. 
En. Abd Malik attended all four Board meetings held during 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
79

---- Page 82 ----
DATIn SERI AZREEn  
BInTI ABu nOH
Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Datin	Seri	Azreen)	
was	appointed	a	Director	of	Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	
Berhad	on	26	February	2019.	She	is	a	member	of	both	the	
Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee and was 
appointed a member of the Nominating Committee on 15 
March 2023.
She	graduated	with	a	Bachelor	Degree	of	Law	(“LLB”)	
from Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia and was admitted as 
an Advocate and Solicitor of the High Court of Malaya in 
1996.	Her	exposure	in	legal	areas	includes	litigation	and	
arbitration, particularly on the corporate, commercial and 
conveyancing fronts.
She	is	also	the	Managing	Director	of	Deluxe	Merchant	Sdn.	
Bhd.	and	has	accumulated	vast	entrepreneurial	experience	
in the food and beverage business.
In addition, Datin Seri Azreen is also an advocate for 
empowering children with learning disabilities including 
dyslexia.	In	2017,	Datin	Seri	Azreen	received	the	“Personaliti	
Industri dan Usahawan Malaysia” award from NiagaTimes 
for her immense contributions to the food and beverage 
sector.
Nationality   Malaysian
Age and Gender   53 / Female
Date of Appointment  26 February 2019
In September 2020, Datin Seri Azreen conceptualised 
and created DMmart C-Store in Melaka which has been 
acknowledged by the State Government of Melaka as one 
of the state’s 12 potential new domestic tourist attractions.
Datin Seri Azreen is currently a Board member of Ta Win 
Holdings Berhad and Asia Poly Holdings Berhad.
Save as disclosed, Datin Seri Azreen does not hold any 
directorships in other public companies and listed issuers.
Datin Seri Azreen is not a shareholder of the Company.  
She does not have any family relationship with any Director  
and/ or major shareholder of the Company and has no 
conflict of interest with the Company. She has not been 
convicted of any offence within the past five years, nor has 
she had any public sanction or penalty imposed upon her 
by the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year.
Datin Seri Azreen attended all four Board meetings held 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
DIRECTORS’ PROFILES (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
80

---- Page 83 ----
AIDA BInTI MD DAuD 
Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Aida	Binti	Md	Daud	(Pn.	Aida)	was	appointed	a	Director	of	
Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	on	21	August	2019.
She obtained a Bachelor of Science in Business 
Administration	(Finance	and	Law)	from	the	University	
of Portland and later gained a Master of Business 
Administration	(Finance)	from	the	University	of	Strathclyde.
Pn.	Aida	joined	Permodalan	Nasional	Berhad	(“PNB”)	in	1981	
and began her career as an Analyst in company analysis 
and	corporate	finance.	She	has	over	30	years	of	experience	
in research, company and industry analysis as well as 
human capital management and talent development, 
including	over	25	years	of	experience	in	management.	Her	
last position at PNB prior to her departure at the end of 
February 2021 was as Group Head for PNB’s Human Capital 
Division.
She joined the Financial Securities Institute of Australasia 
(“FINSIA”)	as	an	affiliate	member	in	1998	and	became	a	
Senior Associate member in 2005. She has also been a 
Nationality   Malaysian
Age and Gender   62 / Female
Date of Appointment  21 August 2019
certified member of the Financial Planning Association of 
Malaysia since 2003 and was a member of its Board of 
Governors from 2007 to 2019.
Presently, Pn. Aida is a Board member of Fraser & Neave 
Holdings Berhad.
Save as disclosed, Pn. Aida does not hold any directorships 
in other public companies and listed issuers.
Pn. Aida is not a shareholder of the Company. She does 
not have any family relationship with any Director and/or 
major shareholder of the Company and has no conflict of 
interest with the Company. She has not been convicted of 
any offence within the past five years, nor has she had any 
public sanction or penalty imposed upon her by the relevant 
regulatory bodies during the financial year.
Pn. Aida attended all four Board meetings held during the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
81

---- Page 84 ----
HO KIM POI 
Independent	Non-Executive	Director
Ho	Kim	Poi	(Ms.	Ho)	was	appointed	a	Director	of	Amway	
(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	on	15	March	2023.	She	is	a	
member of both the Audit Committee and the Remuneration 
Committee. 
She obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Faculty 
of Mathematical Sciences at the University of Adelaide, 
Australia, and thereafter a Master in Business 
Administration from the University of Lincoln, United 
Kingdom. She is a member of the Malaysian Institute of 
Accountants	(“MIA”)	and	CPA	Australia	(“ASCPA”).	Ms.	Ho	
is also a member of the Institute of Corporate Directors 
Malaysia	(“ICDM”).
Ms.	Ho	has	more	than	30	years	of	experience	in	finance	
and human resources. She began her career at KPMG 
Malaysia	as	a	tax	consultant.	She	then	went	on	to	hold	
senior management roles within corporations in the 
manufacturing and pharmaceutical industries. Thereafter, 
she joined a direct selling multi-national corporation and 
Nationality   Malaysian
Age and Gender   59 / Female
Date of Appointment  15 March 2023
held several senior management positions including that of 
Chief Financial Officer, Regional Chief Financial Officer and 
Strategic Planning Director. 
Ms.	Ho	is	currently	an	Independent	Non-Executive	Director	
of Mah Sing Group Berhad and Senheng New Retail Berhad.
Save as disclosed, she does not hold any directorships in 
other public companies and listed issuers. 
She is not a shareholder of the Company. She does not 
have any family relationship with any Director and/or major 
shareholder of the Company and has no conflict of interest 
with the Company. She has not been convicted of any 
offence within the past five years, nor has she had any 
public sanction or penalty imposed upon her by the relevant 
regulatory bodies during the financial year. 
She did not attend any Board meetings held during the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 as she was only 
appointed on 15 March 2023.
DIRECTORS’ PROFILES (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
82

---- Page 85 ----
KEY MAnAGEMEnT PROFILES
nG AI LEE 
Chief Financial Officer
Nationality  Malaysian
Age and Gender  50 / Female
Ms. Ng Ai Lee was appointed as Amway Malaysia’s Head of 
Finance	in	June	2014,	and	assumed	her	present	position	as	
Chief	Financial	Officer	(“CFO”)	in	May	2017.	As	CFO,	Ms.	Ng	
is responsible for all financial-related matters of the Group 
including	financials,	tax,	treasury	and	risk	management	
operations. She brings over 23 years of finance-related 
experience	to	the	table	having	worked	in	similar	capacities	
with various large and multinational companies in Malaysia 
and Singapore. These include companies involved in audit, 
pharmaceuticals, trading and manufacturing activities. Ms. 
Ng holds a Bachelor of Accounting from the University of 
Malaya. She is also a member of the Malaysian Institute of 
Accountants	(“MIA”)	and	the	Malaysian	Institute	of	Certified	
Public	Accountants	(“MICPA”).
From left:  
Ng Ai Lee, Wang Yanwei, Wong Choom Y ee, Chong Sew Peng, Mohamad Zaihan
WAnG YAnWEI 
Chief	Sales	&	Experience	Officer	
Nationality  Chinese
Age and Gender  44 / Female
Ms. Wang Yanwei joined Amway Malaysia as its Chief Sales 
&	Experience	Officer	in	April	2023	following	the	resignation 	
of Mr. Leong Kok Fong. Her team is responsible for Amway 
Business	Owner	(“ABO”)	and	customer	matters,	including	
strategising, designing, incentivising, modernising, and 
executing	the	ABO	and	customer	experience	as	well	
as Amway’s various touchpoints. Armed with a Master’s 
Degree in Arts from the Communication University of 
China, Ms. Wang joined Amway China in 2004 where she 
spent 14 years in various sales roles including the last 
seven years as its North Area Sales Head. On top of this, 
she spent another five years accumulating a wealth of 
global	experience	from	her	time	as	the	Build-Young-Leader	
strategy lead, her stints with Amway Brazil and Global 
Sales, as well as her work as Director of the Asia A70 
Transformation Office. Altogether, Ms. Wang has faithfully 
served Amway for some 19 years to date. 
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
83

---- Page 86 ----
CHOnG SEW PEnG 
Head of Marketing & Communications
Nationality  Malaysian
Age and Gender  48 / Female
Ms. Chong Sew Peng was appointed Amway Malaysia’s 
Head	of	Marketing	&	Communications	in	June	2020.	
She	joined	Amway	in	1999	and	has	vast	experience	in	
both regional and local marketing. Ms. Chong oversees 
Amway Malaysia’s brand/category strategy development, 
portfolio strategy and commercial innovations portfolios 
and manages the overall day-to-day marketing and 
communication operations for Malaysia and Brunei. She 
also supports long-term strategic business development in 
the areas of both marketing and digital communication. She 
is a graduate of the University of Central Arkansas with a 
major	in	Business	Administration	(Marketing).
WOnG CHOOM YEE 
Head of Human Resources 
Nationality  Malaysian
Age and Gender  53 / Female
Ms. Wong Choom Y ee joined Amway Malaysia as its Head 
of Human Resources in February 2017. She is in charge of 
implementing Amway’s human resource strategies which 
include talent management and development, retention, 
facilities as well as other matters related to human capital 
which support the Group’s overall strategic objectives. Ms. 
Wong	brings	with	her	more	than	21	years	of	experience,	
having helmed the full spectrum of human resource 
functions leading organisations in the cement, power and 
telecommunications industries. She holds professional 
qualifications from the Institute of Chartered Secretaries 
and	Administrators	(“ICSA”)	and	a	Diploma	in	Human	
Resources Management from the Malaysian Institute of 
Human Resource Management.
MOHAMAD ZAIHAn BIn MOHAMED ARIFFIn  
Head of Corporate & Government Affairs 
Nationality  Malaysian
Age and Gender  48 / Male
En. Mohamad Zaihan joined Amway Malaysia as its Head 
of	Corporate	&	Government	Affairs	in	December	2016.	
Leading this Division, he is the key liaison, coordinator and 
spokesperson on issues regarding Government affairs, 
the Company’s contribution towards the Direct Selling 
industry and sustainability related matters. En. Mohamad 
Zaihan graduated from RMIT University with a major in 
Media Studies. He has more than 20 years of related 
industry	experience	from	his	time	working	in	the	advertising	
industry and with financial institutions, Government Linked 
Companies and multinational organisations. At the time 
of writing, En. Mohamad Zaihan is representing Amway 
and the Direct Selling industry as the Vice President and 
a member of the Board of Directors for the Direct Selling 
Association	of	Malaysia	(“DSAM”).
Amway Malaysia’s Senior Management do not hold any 
directorships in any public companies or listed issuers. 
None of the Senior Management mentioned above are 
shareholders of the Company. They do not have any 
familial ties with any Director and/or major shareholder 
of the Company nor any conflicts of interest with the 
Company. They have not been convicted of any offence 
in the past five years, nor have they had any public 
sanction or penalty imposed on them by the relevant 
regulatory bodies during the financial year.
KEY MAnAGEMEnT PROFILES (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
84

---- Page 87 ----
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT
The	Board	of	Directors	(“Board”)	is	committed	to	maintaining	a	high	standard	of	corporate	governance	throughout	Amway	
(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	(“Amway”	or	“the	Company”)	and	its	subsidiaries	(collectively	“the	Group”)	as	part	of	its	strategic	
approach towards ensuring the sustainability of the Group’s business and operations while safeguarding stakeholders’ 
interests and enhancing shareholders’ value.
During	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022	(“FY2022”),	the	Board	continued	to	provide	oversight	on	corporate	
governance, and by working closely together with the Senior Management, further refined its corporate governance 
practices	in	line	with	the	Malaysian	Code	on	Corporate	Governance	2021	(“MCCG”),	in	particular,	pertaining	to	sustainability	
management.
This	Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	(“CG	Overview	Statement”)	has	been	prepared	in	accordance	with	Bursa	
Malaysia	Securities	Berhad’s	(“Bursa	Securities”)	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	(“Listing	Requirements”)	and	is	intended	to	
provide	an	overview	of	how	the	Group	applied	the	following	three	(3)	key	principles	as	set	out	in	the	MCCG:
(i)	 Board	leadership	and	effectiveness;
(ii)	 Effective	audit	and	risk	management;	and
(iii)	Integrity	in	corporate	reporting	and	meaningful	relationships	with	stakeholders.
Comprehensive details of Amway’s overall approach and specific practices pertaining to corporate governance are disclosed 
in	the	Company’s	FY2022	standalone	Corporate	Governance	(“CG”)	Report.	The	CG	Report	provides	a	detailed	account	of	
how	Amway	has	applied	each	of	the	practices	set	out	in	the	MCCG,	and	where	there	are	departures,	provides	explanations	for	
alternative practices or remedial plans. Hence, this CG Overview Statement should be read together with the standalone CG 
Report which is published at the same time as Amway’s Annual Report 2022 and can be accessed via the Company’s website 
at www.amway.my.
In	FY2021,	Amway	complied	with	thirty-five	(35)	out	of	the	total	forty-two	(42)	recommended	practices	applicable	for	 
non-Large Companies under the MCCG. During FY2022, efforts were made to further align with the MCCG requirements. 
As	of	31	December	2022,	the	Group	had	complied	with	forty	(40)	out	of	the	total	forty-two	(42)	recommended	practices.	The	
remaining	two	(2)	practices	that	Amway	has	departed	from	are	highlighted	in	the	table	below.	The	basis	for	the	departure	from	
these practices as well as the alternative practices or remedial plans are summarised underneath. For the finer details of the 
reasons and alternative practices for these departures, please refer to the standalone CG Report.
PRACTICE DESCRIPTIOn
Practice 4.4
Performance evaluations of the Board and Senior Management include a review of the 
performance of the Board and Senior Management in addressing the Company’s material 
sustainability risks and opportunities.
Practice 8.2
The Board discloses on a named basis the top five Senior Management’s remuneration 
components including salary, bonuses, benefits-in-kind and other emoluments in bands of 
RM50,000.
Practice 4.4
During FY2021, Amway established a Sustainability Working Committee and Sustainability Steering Committee to identify and 
integrate appropriate principles of sustainability into the Group’s strategies, policies and procedures. In May 2022, a group-
wide Sustainability Strategic Framework was put in place and endorsed by the Board. Thereafter, the Management began to 
develop plans to implement the various strategies and to achieve the goals and targets set out in the Sustainability Strategic 
Framework to manage the Group’s material sustainability matters. 
In view of Amway being in the initial stages of implementing its sustainability journey, the Board will monitor the progress of 
the implementation of the Group’s sustainability strategic plan before incorporating the performance evaluations of the Board 
and Key Senior Management as well as the suitable Key Performance Indicators to assess how well they have performed 
in managing the material sustainability risks and opportunities. Please refer to the Sustainability Statement within Amway’s 
Annual Report 2022 for further information.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
85

---- Page 88 ----
Practice 8.2
While the Board recognises the importance of transparency, due to the high competitiveness for professional talent as 
well as data privacy and personal security concerns, the Board believes that individual disclosure on a named basis for the 
remuneration	of	the	top	five	(5)	Senior	Management	personnel	or	Key	Senior	Management	(“KSM”)	positions	is	not	in	the	best	
interests of the Group. Amway will continue its current alternative practice of disclosing the total remuneration of its top five 
KSM on an aggregate basis.
I. BOARD RESPOnSIBILITIES 
GOVERnAnCE FRAMEWORK
Stakeholders
Managing Director
Audit 
Committee
Risk Management 
Committee
nominating 
Committee
Executive 
Committee
Remuneration 
Committee
Sustainability
Steering 
Committee
Sustainability
Working 
Committee
Board of 
Directors
Engagement
Engagement
Engagement, 
responsibility and 
accountability
Board oversight, 
stewardship, delegated 
authority and 
responsibility
The Board has a robust governance framework that encompasses all levels of the Group. The framework provides for strong 
oversight at the working, supervisory and management levels as well as at the Board level.
PRInCIPLE             BOARD LEADERSHIP AnD EFFECTIVEnESSA
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
86

---- Page 89 ----
The Board plays an active role in charting the strategic direction of the Group. The following are the key aspects of the 
Board’s role in providing effective leadership, governance and oversight for Amway:
•	 Reviewing,	evaluating,	challenging	and	adopting	the	Management’s	strategic	plan	proposals	for	the	Group	to	ensure	the	
plan supports both short and long-term creation goal as well as includes strategies on economic, environmental and social 
considerations underpinning sustainability;
•	 Reviewing	the	Group’s	operating	budget	and	capital	expenditures	proposed	by	the	Senior	Management;
•	 Reviewing	the	Group’s	unaudited	quarterly	financial	results	and	annual	audited	financial	statements;
•	 Ensuring	all	Directors	are	able	to	understand	financial	statements	and	form	a	view	on	the	information	presented;
•	 Evaluating	the	adequacy	and	effectiveness	of	the	system	of	internal	control	and	risk	management	processes	as	well	as	
mitigating measures to address financial, operational, business, sustainability and corruption risks;
•	 Ensuring	that	the	Board	has	capable	and	qualified	members	with	diverse	backgrounds	and	skills;	ensuring	the	
establishment of appropriate roles for the Board and Board Committees, as well as implementing succession planning;
•	 Reviewing	and	determining	the	remuneration	of	the	Board,	Managing	Director	(“MD”)	and	Key	Senior	Management	to	
ensure that the compensation offered is competitive and aligned with the Group’s remuneration packages;
•	 Ensuring	a	collaborative	and	constructive	relationship	between	the	Board	and	Senior	Management;	and
•	 Overseeing	the	development	and	implementation	of	an	investor	relations	programme	for	the	Group.
Effective leadership and management are also established via Amway’s set of guidelines, policies, procedures and the 
Group’s corporate values. The following constitutes key components of Amway’s governance framework which guide the 
Board	in	the	execution	of	its	duties	which	include	the	following:
•	 Board	Charter;
•	 Directors’	Fit	and	Proper	Policy;
•	 Board	and	Key	Senior	Management	Diversity	Policy;
•	 Policy	on	Succession	Planning	for	Board	and	Key	Senior	Management;
•	 Remuneration	Policy	for	Board	and	Key	Senior	Management;
•	 Sustainability	Strategic	Framework;
•	 Code	of	Conduct	and	Ethics,	Whistleblower	Policy,	and	Anti-Bribery	and	Corruption	Policy;
•	 Enterprise	Risk	Management	Policy,	Internal	Audit	Charter	and	Policy	on	External	Auditors;	and
•	 Investor	Relations	Policy.
The Board regularly reviews its governance framework in response to developments in the regulatory space as well as per the 
Group’s evolving requirements. It is also cognisant of the key role it plays while discharging its fiduciary and leadership duties.
In May 2022, the Board established a Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy in line with the requirements under Paragraph 15.01A 
of Bursa Securities’ Listing Requirements. The Policy serves as a guide for the Nominating Committee and the Board in 
reviewing and assessing the candidates to be appointed as Directors as well as for Directors who are seeking election or 
re-election. A copy of this policy is available on the Company’s website at www.amway.my. At the same time, the Sustainability 
Strategic	Framework	was	also	put	in	place	and	adopted	by	the	Board	(the	details	of	which	can	be	found	in	the	Sustainability	
Management	section	of	this	statement).	
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
87

---- Page 90 ----
SuSTAInABILITY MAnAGEMEnT
The Board recognises the growing importance of sustainability in business and in creating long-term value for stakeholders. 
Ultimately, the Board, together with the Management, are responsible for the governance of sustainability in the Group, 
including the formulation of related strategies, priorities and targets, as well as for maintaining regular oversight of the Group’s 
sustainability progress and achievements.
In	May	2022,	the	Board	approved	and	adopted	Amway’s	Sustainability	Strategic	Framework	(“the	Framework”)	to	facilitate	
the	Group’s	sustainability	implementation	which	considers	the	Group’s	context,	business	direction,	activities,	products	and	
services, environmental, economic and social impacts, as well as the resulting material matters. The Framework encapsulates 
the Group’s overall direction towards sustainability while supporting the achievement of the United Nations’ Sustainable 
Development Goals and Targets. Amway is committed to improving its business operations by incorporating environmental 
and social considerations into the business decisions and is seeking to deliver value to its stakeholders in the current rapidly 
shifting	landscape	in	a	‘right	and	good	way’.	In	addition	to	the	Framework,	the	Board	adopted	a	Sustainability	Policy	in	
February 2023 which provides further guidance on how Amway conducts its business in a responsible manner and reaffirms 
its commitment towards sustainability. 
At	the	management	level,	the	Sustainability	Steering	Committee	(“SSC”)	is	responsible	for	driving	sustainability	initiatives	
across the Group’s operations and overseeing the sustainability strategies and progress. The SSC is supported by the 
Sustainability	Working	Committee	(“SWC”)	which	is	dedicated	to	implementing	sustainability	initiatives.	The	Head	of	
Corporate and Government Affairs, who is a member of the SSC, reports regularly to the Board on the progress of the Group’s 
sustainability initiatives and how the Group is addressing its material sustainability matters.
In addition, the key risks associated with the Group’s material sustainability matters have been incorporated into the Corporate Risk 
Register together with mitigation action plans. The risk register is reviewed quarterly by the Board through the Audit Committee.
Details of the Group’s sustainability management efforts and activities are disclosed in the Sustainability Statement in this 
Annual Report.
BOARD CHARTER
In	executing	its	duties,	the	Board	is	guided	by	its	Board	Charter.	The	Board	Charter	clearly	defines	the	Board’s	duties	as	well	
as that of its Board Committees, their limits of authority, as well as other related matters that are reserved for the Board. The 
duties of the Chairperson, individual Directors in their capacities as Independent or Non-Independent Directors, and the role 
of	the	MD	(which	is	separate	and	distinct	from	the	role	of	the	Chairperson),	are	also	clearly	defined	in	the	Board	Charter.
The Board Charter is available on the Company’s website at www.amway.my.
ROLES AnD RESPOnSIBILITIES OF KEY POSITIOnS
Chairperson
•	 Leads	the	Board	in	establishing	and	instilling	good	corporate	governance	practices	
within the Group;
•	 Maintains	regular	dialogue	with	the	MD	over	operational	matters	and	consults	with	the	
remaining Board members promptly over any matters of major concern;
•	 Leads	Board	meetings	and	discussions	and	acts	as	a	facilitator	at	Board	meetings	to	
ensure	that	no	member,	whether	executive	or	non-executive,	dominates	discussions;	
that the appropriate discussions take place; and that relevant opinions amongst 
members are forthcoming. The Chairperson shall ensure that discussions result in logical 
and understandable outcomes;
•	 Encourages	active	participation	at	Board	meetings	and	allows	dissenting	views	to	be	
freely	expressed;	
•	 Sets	the	Board	agenda	and	ensures	Board	members	receive	complete	and	accurate	
information in a timely manner; 
•	 Manages	the	interface	between	the	Board	and	Management;
•	 Ensures	general	meetings	support	meaningful	engagement	between	the	Board,	Key	
Senior Management and shareholders; and 
•	 Represents	the	Board	to	shareholders	and	ensures	effective	communications	with	
stakeholders. 
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
88

---- Page 91 ----
ROLES AnD RESPOnSIBILITIES OF KEY POSITIOnS
non-Executive Directors
Independent Directors
Managing Director or MD
•	 Act	as	a	bridge	between	the	Management,	shareholders	and	other	stakeholders;	and
•	 Provide	the	relevant	checks	and	balances,	focusing	on	the	interests	of	shareholders	
and other stakeholders, while ensuring that high standards of corporate governance are 
applied.
•	 Safeguard	the	interests	of	all	shareholders,	not	only	the	interests	of	a	particular	group,	
and ensure all relevant matters and issues are objectively and impartially considered by 
the Board in the decision-making process. 
•	 Specifically	look	into	matters	of	corporate	governance	within	the	Group	while	providing	
an independent perspective of the proposals and plans put forward by the MD and/or 
Management; and
•	 Monitor	the	areas	of	discussion,	notably	those	where	potential	conflicts	of	interest	
situations may arise.
•	 Develops	and	ensures	the	execution	of	day-to-day	operational	strategies	together	with	
the Management team;
•	 Develops	business	and	sustainability	strategies,	plans,	targets,	annual	operating	plans	
and budgets to be adopted by the Board; 
•	 Implements,	monitors	and	provides	effective	leadership	to	the	Management	team	with	a	view	
to achieving the approved plans, budgets, strategic objectives and direction set by the Board; 
•	 Develops	and	maintains	the	Group’s	risk	management	systems,	including	internal	control	
mechanisms and ensures that the Group is operating within the risk appetite set by the Board; 
•	 Manages	resources	within	budgets	approved	by	the	Board;
•	 Effectively	represents	the	interests	of	the	Group	with	major	customers,	regulatory	
bodies, and industries at large, to ensure general goodwill towards the Group and 
cooperation in planned development; 
•	 Ensures	that	the	Group’s	corporate	identity,	products	and	services	are	of	a	high	standard	
and are reflective of the market environment; 
•	 Provides	accurate	and	timely	information	to	the	Board	and	Board	Committees	to	enable	
them to carry out their responsibilities; and 
•	 Acts	within	specific	authorities	delegated	by	the	Board	and	ensures	that	the	limits	of	
authority accorded by the Board are observed.
SCHEDuLE OF MATTERS RESERVED FOR THE BOARD
There	is	a	formal	schedule	of	matters	reserved	for	the	Board’s	purview	except	if	the	Board	chooses	to	delegate	determination	
and/or approval of any such matter to the respective Board Committees or Senior Management.
These	include	strategic	issues	and	planning	including	sustainability,	performance	reviews,	capital	expenditure,	limits	of	
authority,	risk	management,	the	appointment	of	external	auditors,	announcements	to	Bursa	Securities,	approval	of	financial	
statements as well as the adequacy and integrity of internal controls and risk management, of both the Company and the 
Group.
The Board may alter the matters reserved for its decision, subject to the limitations imposed by the Constitution of the 
Company and the law.
The Board is ably supported by the MD and Senior Management, who provide it with the necessary information and support 
needed to develop comprehensive perspectives on strategic matters and issues. This in turn enables the Board to chart 
robust and sustainable business strategies and policies to guide the Group’s operations. These strategies cover a wide range 
of areas which include, but are not limited to the areas of audit, risk, business planning and talent development, among others.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
89

---- Page 92 ----
SEPARATIOn OF ROLES BETWEEn THE BOARD AnD SEnIOR MAnAGEMEnT
There is a clear delineation of roles and functions between the Board and Senior Management to ensure that the strategic 
operations and day-to-day operations of the Group are well managed.
The MD together with the Senior Management oversees the day-to-day management of the Group including financial, 
business, sustainability and operational matters within the prescribed limits of authority and in accordance with the Group’s 
standard operating procedures.
Their	role	encompasses	developing	strategies	and	setting	key	performance	indicators	(“KPIs”)	to	realise	the	approved	
business	plan	for	the	year.	In	executing	their	roles,	the	Senior	Management	is	supported	by	the	rest	of	the	management	
personnel and staff.
The Board, however, retains the ultimate responsibility for decision-making and is responsible for the oversight and 
stewardship of the Group.
BOARD MEETInGS AnD ACCESS TO InFORMATIOn AnD ADVICE
Separate meetings are held for the Board and Board Committees. The meeting agenda and papers are uploaded to a secured 
online	portal	which	is	accessible	by	the	Directors	at	least	five	(5)	business	days	prior	to	the	Board	and	Board	Committee	
meetings. This is to allow sufficient time for the Directors to review, consider and deliberate knowledgeably on the issues 
and,	where	necessary,	to	obtain	further	information	and	explanations	to	facilitate	informed	decision-making.	The	Management	
provides updates on matters raised in previous Board and Board Committee meetings which require follow-up and would 
remain	as	‘matters	arising’	until	they	are	resolved.	The	minutes	of	the	previous	Board	and	Board	Committee	meetings	are	
circulated to the Directors for their perusal prior to confirming these minutes at the commencement of the following meeting.
The	Key	Senior	Management	of	the	Group	and	external	advisers	are	invited	to	attend	Board	meetings	to	provide	additional	
insights	and	professional	views,	advice	and	explanations	on	specific	items	on	the	meeting	agenda.
The Board has full and unrestricted access to all information pertaining to the Group’s business and affairs. The Board is 
provided with relevant information and reports on financial, operational, corporate, regulatory, business development and 
audit matters, by way of Board reports or other means upon specific request, for more informed decision-making and effective 
discharge of the Board’s responsibilities.
Directors	may	also	obtain	independent	professional	advice	at	the	Group’s	expense,	if	considered	necessary,	in	accordance	
with the established procedures set out in the Board Charter in furtherance of their duties.
The Company Secretaries work closely with the Management to ensure that there are timely and appropriate information 
flows	to	the	Board	and	Board	Committees,	and	between	the	Non-Executive	Directors	and	Management.	Directors	have	
unrestricted access to the advice and services of both the Company Secretaries.
The Board is also engaged in all announcements made by the Group to Bursa Securities.
BOARD ACTIVITIES AnD TASKS In FY2022
The following is a summary of key matters addressed by the Board either directly or via its respective Board Committees:
FOCuS AREA ACTIVITIES AnD ACCOMPLISHMEnTS
Financial and 
Operations
•	 Deliberated	on	and	approved	the	Group’s	financial	budget	and	forecasts;
•	 Deliberated	on	and	approved	the	capital	expenditure	budget;
•	 Deliberated	on	and	approved	the	unaudited	quarterly	financial	results	and	annual	audited	
financial statements; and
•	 Approved	the	interim	and	special	dividends	for	FY2022.
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
90

---- Page 93 ----
FOCuS AREA ACTIVITIES AnD ACCOMPLISHMEnTS
Strategic Plans and 
Sustainability
•	 Reviewed	the	business	strategies	and	operating	plans;
•	 Oversaw	the	conduct	of	the	Group’s	business;	
•	 Reviewed	and	monitored	the	impact	of	COVID-19	on	the	Group’s	business	operations,	
together with the continuing measures and initiatives undertaken to safeguard the health of 
employees,	Amway	Business	Owners	(“ABOs”)	and	Amway	Privileged	Customers	as	well	as	to	
support ABO businesses and communities; 
•	 Reviewed	and	approved	the	Group’s	Sustainability	Strategic	Framework	and	monitored	the	
progress of its implementation; and
•	 Reviewed	the	succession	planning	and	remuneration	of	the	Board	and	Key	Senior	
Management.
Corporate 
Governance and Risk 
Management
•	 Reviewed	Board	effectiveness;
•	 Reviewed	the	respective	term	of	office	and	performance	of	the	Audit	Committee	(“AC”),	
Nominating	Committee	(“NC”)	and	Remuneration	Committee	(“RC”);
•	 Reviewed	and	approved	the	Directors’	Fit	and	Proper	Policy;
•	 Reviewed	the	Group’s	corporate	governance	framework	to	further	align	with	the	Listing	
Requirements of Bursa Securities and the MCCG;
•	 Reviewed	principal	risks	(operational,	sustainability	and	corruption)	and	the	related	mitigating	
measures and internal controls; 
•	 Reviewed	the	report	from	solicitors	on	their	assessment	of	the	Group’s	anti-bribery	and	
corruption measures as well as the status of implementing the recommended enhancements; 
and
•	 Reviewed	internal	audit	findings	and	management	responses.
In	November	2022,	the	Non-Executive	Directors	held	a	private	session	among	themselves	without	the	presence	of	the	MD	
and Senior Management to discuss strategic, governance and operational issues. No significant issues were noted from the 
discussion.
II. BOARD COMPOSITIOn
As	at	31	December	2022,	the	Board	comprised	eight	(8)	directors,	seven	(7)	of	whom	were	Non-Executive	Directors.	The	MD	
was	the	sole	Executive	Director	on	the	Board.	Of	the	seven	(7)	Non-Executive	Directors,	four	(4)	were	Independent	Directors.	 
The Board then was made up of the following directors: 
•	 Tan	Sri	Faizah	Binti	Mohd	Tahir	(Chairperson	and	Senior	Independent	Non-Executive	Director	or	“INED”);
•	 Mr.	Michael	Jonathan	Duong	(MD);
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(INED);
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(INED);
•	 Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	(Non-INED);
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Non-INED);	and	
•	 Pn.	Aida	Binti	Md	Daud	(Non-INED).
Come May 2023, the Board’s Chairperson, Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir, who was appointed as a Director in May 2014, 
would	have	served	as	an	INED	for	a	term	of	nine	(9)	years.	In	line	with	Practice	5.3	of	the	MCCG	which	states	that	the	tenure	of	
an	Independent	Director	should	not	exceed	a	cumulative	term	of	nine	(9)	years,	Tan	Sri	Faizah	Binti	Mohd	Tahir	has	indicated	
that	she	will	retire	as	the	Board’s	Chairperson	and	Senior	INED	upon	the	conclusion	of	the	Company’s	Twenty-Eighth	(“28th”)	
Annual	General	Meeting	(“AGM”)	which	will	be	held	on	24	May	2023.	On	the	same	day,	En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	will	
be appointed as the new Chairman of the Board and Senior INED. The following reflects the developments to date and the 
Board’s succession plan moving forward: 
•	 On	15	March	2023,	Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	was	appointed	to	the	Board	as	an	INED,	as	well	as	a	member	of	the	AC	and	RC;
•	 Upon	conclusion	of	the	28th AGM, En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman will succeed Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir as the Board’s 
Chairman and Senior INED. He will also step down as the AC Chairman as well as a member of the NC and RC to comply 
with	Practice	1.4	of	the	MCCG	(i.e.,	that	the	Chairman	of	the	Board	should	not	be	a	member	of	the	AC,	NC	or	RC),	and	
Practice	9.1	of	the	MCCG	(i.e.,	that	the	Chairman	of	the	AC	is	not	the	Chairman	of	the	Board);	and
•	 On	the	same	day,	Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	will	be	redesignated	as	the	new	AC	Chairperson	to	replace	En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
91

---- Page 94 ----
Therefore, from 15 March 2023 until the 28th	AGM	which	will	be	held	on	24	May	2023,	the	Board	will	comprise	(9)	Directors,	
made	up	of	one	(1)	Executive	Director	(the	MD)	and	eight	(8)	Non-Executive	Directors.	Of	the	eight	(8)	Non-Executive	Directors,	
five	(5)	will	be	Independent	Directors.	The	following	outlines	the	composition	of	the	Board	over	that	period:
•	 Tan	Sri	Faizah	Binti	Mohd	Tahir	(Chairperson	and	Senior	INED);
•	 Mr.	Michael	Jonathan	Duong	(MD);
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(INED);
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(INED);
•	 Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	(INED);
•	 Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	(Non-INED);
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Non-INED);	and	
•	 Pn.	Aida	Binti	Md	Daud	(Non-INED).
Upon conclusion of the 28th	AGM,	the	Board	will	comprise	eight	(8)	Directors,	made	up	of	one	(1)	Executive	Director	(the	MD)	
and	seven	(7)	Non-Executive	Directors.	Of	the	seven	(7)	Non-Executive	Directors,	four	(4)	will	be	Independent	Directors.	The	
following highlights the intended composition of the Board following the 28th AGM:
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(Chairman	and	Senior	INED);
•	 Mr.	Michael	Jonathan	Duong	(MD);
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(INED);
•	 Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	(INED);
•	 Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	(Non-INED);
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Non-INED);	and	
•	 Pn.	Aida	Binti	Md	Daud	(Non-INED).
The	MD	is	the	sole	Executive	Director	on	the	Board	and	no	alternate	Director	was	appointed	in	respect	of	any	of	the	Directors.	
None of the Directors are politicians.
For more details of the Board members, please refer to the Directors’ Profiles on pages 74 to 82 of this Annual Report.
BOARD DIVERSITY
In	terms	of	gender	diversity,	as	at	31	December	2022,	three	(3)	Directors	(including	the	Chairperson)	out	of	the	eight	(8)	
Board	members	were	women	(equivalent	to	38%	of	the	Board	composition).	Following	the	appointment	of	Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	
to	the	Board	on	15	March	2023,	four	(4)	Directors	(including	the	Chairperson)	out	of	the	nine	(9)	Board	members	are	women	
(equivalent	to	44%	of	the	Board	composition).	Upon	the	retirement	of	the	Board’s	Chairperson,	Tan	Sri	Faizah	Binti	Mohd	
Tahir, at the conclusion of the 28th	AGM	on	24	May	2023,	three	(3)	Directors	out	of	the	eight	(8)	Board	members	will	comprise	
women	(equivalent	to	38%	of	the	Board	composition).	
The above developments are in line with Amway’s Board and Key Senior Management Diversity Policy of having at least 
30% women representation on the Board, and Practice 5.9 of the MCCG that requires the Board to have at least 30% women 
Directors.	This	will	also	fulfil	the	new	requirement	of	Paragraph	15.02(1)(b)	of	Bursa	Securities’	Listing	Requirements	(which	will	
come	into	effect	on	1	June	2023),	whereby	listed	issuers	with	a	market	capitalisation	of	below	RM2	billion	are	required	to	have	
at	least	one	(1)	woman	Director	on	the	Board.
Moreover, in tandem with the application of the guidance as per Practice 5.10 of the MCCG, the Board is supportive of 
ensuring that there is a healthy representation of women in Key Senior Management positions and strives to have at least 20% 
women	participation	in	such	positions.	Amway’s	Key	Senior	Management	comprises	five	(5)	key	positions.	From	January	2022	
to	mid-August	2022,	three	(3)	out	of	five	(5)	key	positions,	or	60%	are	held	by	women.	Following	the	resignation	of	Mr.	Leong	
Kok	Fong	as	the	Chief	Sales	&	Experience	Officer	in	mid-August	2022,	three	(3)	out	of	the	remaining	four	(4)	key	positions,	
or 75%, are held by women. The Chief	Sales	&	Experience	Officer	position	was	subsequently	filled	in	April	2023	upon	Ms.	
Wang	Yanwei	joining	the	Key	Senior	Management	team,	which	led	to	four	(4)	out	of	five	(5)	key	positions,	or	80%	being	held	by	
women. 
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
92

---- Page 95 ----
Collectively,	the	Board	brings	a	diverse	range	of	skills,	expertise,	qualifications,	backgrounds	and	experiences	to	Amway.	The	
Board composition reflects both a healthy ethnic and gender diversity. This ensures a rich spectrum of views and opinions to 
facilitate more comprehensive dialogue and a more robust decision-making process.
The	Board	is	of	the	view	that	the	Directors	have	the	necessary	range	of	skills,	knowledge	and	experience	in	key	areas	such	as	
corporate	planning,	risk	management,	financial	(including	audit,	tax	and	accounting),	legal,	human	resource,	business	acumen,	
and entrepreneurial capabilities to direct the Group. The Board also believes that its composition represents an adequate 
balance	of	Executive	and	Non-Executive	Directors	to	safeguard	shareholders’	interests	and	facilitate	effective	decision-
making.
COLLECTIVE SKILLS AnD COMPETEnCE OF THE BOARD
SKILL / COMPETEnCE DESCRIPTIOn
Leadership Overall stewardship of the Group, strategy formulation, strong and established business networks 
and	corporate	management	experience.
Entrepreneurial 
acumen
Business	development,	assessment	of	existing	and	emerging	opportunities.
Sustainability 
and stakeholder 
management
Government relations, community and investor relations, and corporate governance.
Finance and 
corporate 
Accounting, audit, risk management, legal, financial literacy, human resource, economics and 
business administration.
BOARD InDEPEnDEnCE
Amway’s	Board	independence	composition	complies	with	the	minimum	one-third	(1/3)	requirement	for	Independent	Directors	
on	the	Board	as	set	out	in	Paragraph	15.02(1)(a)	of	the	Listing	Requirements	and	is	also	in	line	with	Practice	5.2	of	the	MCCG	
and Board Charter, whereby at least half of the Board comprises Independent Directors.
•	 From	1	January	2022	to	14	March	2023,	four	(4)	of	the	eight	(8)	Directors	(representing	50%	of	the	Board)	were	Independent	
Directors. 
•	 From	15	March	2023	until	the	Company’s	28th	AGM	on	24	May	2023,	five	(5)	of	the	nine	(9)	Directors	are	Independent	
Directors,	representing	56%	of	the	Board.
•	 Upon	conclusion	of	the	28th	AGM,	four	(4)	of	the	eight	(8)	Directors	(representing	50%	of	the	Board)	will	be	Independent	
Directors.
The Board reviews the independence of Directors before they are appointed, on an annual basis and at any other time where 
the circumstances of a Director changes and reassessment is warranted. Director independence is essentially assessed based 
on the criteria set out in Paragraph 1.01 of the Listing Requirements.
The NC, following its annual assessment is satisfied that in FY2022, all Independent Directors of Amway demonstrated a high level  
of independence and acted, to the best of their abilities, in the best interests of the Group. In justifying its decision, the NC is 
entrusted to assess the Directors’ suitability to continue as INEDs based on the criteria for independence. In addition, the NC also 
assessed the independence of the new Director, Ms. Ho Kim Poi prior to recommending her to the Board for appointment as  
an INED.
SEnIOR InED
The Company’s Chairperson, Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir, is the Senior INED and serves as an independent point of contact 
for shareholders. She may be reached via email at Faizah.Tahir@Amway.com.
Upon the conclusion of the Company’s 28th AGM on 24 May 2023, Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir will retire from the Board 
and En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman will be appointed as the new Chairman and Senior INED of the Company. He may be 
reached via email at AmwayChairman@gmail.com.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
93

---- Page 96 ----
COnFLICTS OF InTEREST
In the event of conflicts of interest, the Board has established processes for declaring and monitoring actual and potential 
conflicts and is guided by Amway’s Code of Conduct and Ethics.
The Code of Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company’s website at www.amway.my.
BOARD COMMITTEES
In effectively discharging its duties, the Board has established relevant Board Committees where specific powers of the Board 
are delegated to these Committees as well as to the Management.
COMMITTEE KEY RESPOnSIBILITIES
AC •	 Oversees	the	financial	reporting	process;
•	 Assesses	the	effectiveness	of	the	system	of	internal	control	and	risk	management	processes;
•	 Assesses	the	suitability,	objectivity	and	independence	of	the	Internal	and	External	Auditors,	and	the	
performance of the audit functions; 
•	 Reviews	related	party	transactions	and	any	conflicts	of	interest	that	may	arise	within	the	Group;	and
•	 Reviews	the	effectiveness	of	anti-corruption	and	whistle-blowing	processes	and	receives	reports	and	
recommendations for improvements from the Internal Auditors.
nC •	 Reviews	the	size	and	composition	of	the	Board	and	Board	Committees,	while	keeping	in	mind	the	
need to refresh the composition of the Board periodically;
•	 Assesses	the	effectiveness	and	performance	of	the	Directors,	Board	and	its	Committees;
•	 Reviews	the	tenure	of	Directors;
•	 Proposes	new	nominees	to	the	Board	and	Board	Committees	in	line	with	the	Directors’	Fit	and	Proper	
Policy; 
•	 Assesses	the	independence	of	the	Independent	Directors;	and
•	 Ensures	succession	plans	for	the	Board	and	Key	Senior	Management	are	in	place.	
RC •	 Reviews	and	recommends	the	Directors’	fees	and	allowances	of	the	Non-Executive	Directors	taking	
into account their responsibilities and time commitment; and
•	 Reviews	and	recommends	the	remuneration	packages	of	the	Executive	Director	and	Key	Senior	
Management based on their individual performances and that of the Group.
The Chairman of each Committee reports to the Board to keep the Board members apprised of matters discussed at the 
Committee level.
Supporting the Board Committees are the Risk	Management	Committee	(“RMC”),	Executive	Committee	(“EXCOM”)	and	
Sustainability	Steering	Committee	(“SSC”).
MAnAGEMEnT GOVERnAnCE FRAMEWORK
•	 Ensures	effective	implementation	
and maintenance of the risk 
management framework; and
•	 Manages	the	Group’s	principal	
business, operational, corruption 
and material sustainability 
matters risks on a timely basis. 
•	 Implements	the	Group’s	strategic	
plan, policies and decisions 
adopted by the Board; and
•	 Oversees	the	operations	and	
business development of the 
Group.
•	 Drives	sustainability	initiatives	
across the Group’s operations.
•	 Oversees	the	implementation	
of sustainability strategies and 
progress.
•	 The	SSC	is	supported	by	
the Sustainability Working 
Committee or SWC which is 
dedicated to implementing 
sustainability initiatives.
RMC ExCOM SSC
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
94

---- Page 97 ----
THE AC
AC Composition
The	Board’s	AC	is	exclusively	made	up	of	Non-Executive	Directors,	the	majority	of	whom	are	Independent	Directors.	As	at	 
31 December 2022, the AC comprised the following:
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(Chairman,	INED);
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(Member,	INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED);
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Member,	Non-INED);	and
•	 Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	(Member,	Non-INED).
Effective 15 March 2023, Ms. Ho Kim Poi was appointed as an AC member. The AC composition from 15 March 2023 until the 
Company’s 28th AGM on 24 May 2023 is as follows: 
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(Chairman,	INED);
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(Member,	INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED);
•	 Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	(Member,	INED);
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Member,	Non-INED);	and
•	 Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	(Member,	Non-INED).
Upon the retirement of Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir as the Board’s Chairperson at the conclusion of the 28th AGM, En. Abd 
Malik Bin A Rahman will be appointed as the new Board Chairman and will resign as the AC Chairman and as a member of the 
NC and RC. This is to ensure continued compliance with Practice 1.4 of the MCCG, which states that the Chairperson of the 
Board should not be a member of the AC, NC or RC, and Practice 9.1 whereby the Chairman of the AC is not the Chairman of 
the Board. At the same time, Ms. Ho Kim Poi will be re-designated as the new AC Chairperson to replace En. Abd Malik Bin A 
Rahman. The composition of the AC after the 28th AGM will be as follows:
•	 Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	(Chairperson,	INED);
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(Member,	INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED)
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Member,	Non-INED);	and
•	 Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	(Member,	Non-INED).
AC’s Responsibilities
The AC is responsible for ensuring that the financial statements of the Company and Group have been prepared in 
accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	(“the	Act”)	and	applicable	accounting	standards;	and	that	these	
provide a balanced and fair view of the financial state and performance of the Company and Group. Through the AC, the 
Board entrusts the RMC with the overall responsibility of overseeing the risk management activities of the Group.
The Terms of Reference of the AC can be found on the Company’s website at www.amway.my.
The activities undertaken by the AC during FY2022 are spelt out in the AC Report within this Annual Report.
THE nC
nC Composition
The	Board’s	NC	is	exclusively	made	up	of	Non-Executive	Directors,	the	majority	of	whom	are	Independent	Directors.	As	at	 
31 December 2022, the NC comprised the following:
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(Chairman,	INED);
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(Member,	INED);	and
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Member,	Non-INED).
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
95

---- Page 98 ----
Effective 15 March 2023, Datin Seri Azreen Binti Abu Noh was appointed as an NC member. The NC composition for the 
period from 15 March 2023 until the Company’s 28th AGM on 24 May 2023 is as follows: 
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(Chairman,	INED);
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(Member,	INED);	
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED);	and
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Member,	Non-INED).
Upon conclusion of the 28th AGM, En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman will resign as a member of the NC following his appointment as the 
new Board Chairman. This is to ensure continued compliance with Practice 1.4 of the MCCG, which stipulates that the Chairperson 
of the Board should not be a member of the AC, NC or RC. The NC composition after the 28th AGM will be as follows: 
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Bin	Md	Thani	(Chairman,	INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED);	and
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Member,	Non-INED).
nC’s Responsibilities
The NC is tasked with specific terms of reference to assist the Board among others, to identify, consider and recommend suitable 
individuals for appointment as Directors of the Board and Board Committees and is guided by the Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy. 
The NC is also responsible for identifying training programmes for the Board, reviewing the Board’s succession planning, and 
assessing the performance of the Directors on an ongoing basis. In addition, the NC, in consultation with the MD and the Head of 
Human Resources, shall provide input and guidance on the development and succession plans for Key Senior Management. In 
this regard, the NC is guided by the Group’s Policy on Succession Planning for Board and Key Senior Management.
The Terms of Reference of the NC can be found on the Company’s website at www.amway.my.
nC’s Activities
The	NC	held	two	(2)	meetings	during	FY2022,	and	the	main	activities	undertaken	during	the	year	included	the	following:
•	 Reviewed	and	recommended	the	Directors’	Fit	and	Proper	Policy	to	the	Board	for	approval;
•	 Reviewed	and	assessed	the	mix	of	skills,	experience,	size	and	composition	of	the	Board	of	Directors;
•	 Reviewed	and	assessed	the	effectiveness	of	the	Board	as	a	whole	as	well	as	the	Committees	of	the	Board,	and	
the	contribution	of	each	individual	Director	including	his/her	time	commitment,	character,	experience,	integrity	and	
competency;
•	 Assessed	the	effectiveness	and	performance	of	the	MD;
•	 Assessed	the	independence	of	the	Independent	Directors	based	on	the	criteria	set	out	in	the	Listing	Requirements;
•	 Reviewed	the	tenure	of	the	Directors;
•	 Reviewed	the	re-election	of	Directors	who	were	subject	to	retirement	by	rotation	and	recommended	the	same	to	the	Board;
•	 Reviewed	the	character,	experience,	integrity,	competency	and	time	to	effectively	discharge	the	roles	of	the	MD	and	Chief	
Financial	Officer	(“CFO”);	and
•	 Reviewed	and	recommended	the	succession	plan	for	the	Board’s	Chairperson,	Tan	Sri	Faizah	Binti	Mohd	Tahir	and	Key	
Senior Management.
In February 2023, the NC undertook the following in connection with the succession plan for Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir:
•	 Reviewed	and	recommended	to	the	Board,	the	appointment	of	Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	as	a	Director	and	as	a	member	of	the	AC	
and RC effective 15 March 2023. 
•	 Accepted	the	impending	resignation	of	Tan	Sri	Faizah	Binti	Mohd	Tahir	as	the	Board’s	Chairperson	and	Senior	INED	with	
effect from after the conclusion of the Company’s 28th AGM on 24 May 2023;
•	 Recommended	the	appointment	of	En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	as	the	new	Board	Chairman	and	Senior	INED	as	well	as	
accepted his resignation as the AC Chairman and member of the NC and RC with effect from after the conclusion of the  
28th AGM; and
•	 Recommended	the	re-designation	of	Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	as	the	new	AC	Chairperson	with	effect	from	after	the	conclusion	of	the	
28th AGM.
All recommendations of the NC were reported by the NC Chairman at the Board Meeting and approved by the Board.
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
96

---- Page 99 ----
THE RC
RC Composition
The	Board’s	RC	comprises	exclusively	of	Non-Executive	Directors,	the	majority	of	whom	are	Independent	Directors.
As at 31 December 2022, the RC comprised of the following:
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Chairman,	Non-INED);
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(Member,	INED);	and
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED).
Effective 15 March 2023, Ms. Ho Kim Poi was appointed as an RC member. The RC composition for the period from 15 March 
2023 to the Company’s 28th AGM on 24 May 2023 is as follows:
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Chairman,	Non-INED);
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(Member,	INED);	
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED);	and
•	 Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	(Member,	INED).	
After the conclusion of the 28th AGM, En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman will be appointed as the new Board Chairman and 
will resign as a member of the RC. This is to ensure compliance with Practice 1.4 of the MCCG, which stipulates that the 
Chairperson of the Board should not be a member of the AC, NC or RC. The RC composition after the conclusion of the 28th 
AGM will be as follows: 
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Chairman,	Non-INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED);	and
•	 Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	(Member,	INED).	
RC’s Responsibilities
The RC is responsible for establishing the framework to review and determine the remuneration packages that appropriately 
reflect	the	different	roles	and	responsibilities	of	the	Executive	Director,	Non-Executive	Directors	and	Key	Senior	Management	
with	the	aim	of	attracting	and	retaining	high-calibre	and	experienced	individuals	to	support	the	Group’s	growth	plans	going	
forward. To this end, the Board is guided by the Remuneration Policy for Board and Key Senior Management.
The Terms of Reference of the RC can be found on the Company’s website at www.amway.my.
RC’s Activities
The	RC	held	one	(1)	meeting	during	FY2022,	and	the	main	activities	undertaken	during	the	year	included	the	following:
•	 Reviewed	and	recommended	the	remuneration	packages	for	the	MD	and	Key	Senior	Management;	and
•	 Reviewed	and	recommended	the	Non-Executive	Director’s	fees,	allowances	and	benefits	for	the	Directors	of	the	Group.
All recommendations of the RC were reported by the RC Chairman at the Board Meeting and approved by the Board.
TIME COMMITMEnT
The Board recognises that it is necessary for all Directors to allocate sufficient time to effectively discharge their duties.  
This includes attending meetings, being able to review Board papers prior to meetings and providing constructive viewpoints.
This is in addition to the duties or commitments if the said Directors also serve on any Board Committees. The Board obtains 
this commitment from Directors at the time of their appointment. For the year under review, Amway’s Directors remained fully 
committed as reflected by their full attendance at the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings held during FY2022.
In ensuring Directors are able to allocate their time to Amway, the schedule of the meetings for the coming year is circulated 
before the financial year end to enable the Directors to plan their schedules for the coming year. Additional meetings may be 
convened if and when urgent matters arise between the scheduled meetings.
In accordance with the Board Charter, Directors seeking to accept any new directorships are required to notify the 
Chairperson,	notwithstanding	that	Paragraph	15.06	of	the	Listing	Requirements	allows	a	Director	to	sit	on	the	boards	of	five	(5)	
listed	issuers.	At	present,	no	Directors	have	more	than	five	(5)	directorships	in	listed	issuers.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
97

---- Page 100 ----
ATTEnDAnCE OF BOARD AnD BOARD COMMITTEES
The following table outlines the attendance of the Board Members for Board meetings and Board Committee meetings held 
during FY2022:
Directors number of Meetings Held
Board AC RC nC
non-Executive Directors
Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir 4/4 N/A N/A N/A
Dato’ Abdullah Thalith Bin Md Thani 4/4 4/4 N/A 2/2
Mr. Low Han Kee 4/4 4/4 N/A N/A
Mr. Scott Russell Balfour 4/4 4/4 1/1 2/2
En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman 4/4 4/4 1/1 2/2
Datin Seri Azreen Binti Abu Noh 4/4 4/4 1/1 N/A
Pn. Aida Binti Md Daud 4/4 N/A N/A N/A
Executive Director
Mr.	Michael	Jonathan	Duong 4/4 N/A N/A N/A
All Directors have complied with the minimum 50% attendance requirement in respect of Board meetings as stipulated by the 
Listing Requirements. The Board is satisfied with the level of time commitment afforded by its Directors in FY2022 towards 
fulfilling their roles and responsibilities as Directors of the Group.
BOARD EFFECTIVEnESS
BOARD PERFORMAnCE EVALuATIOn
The	Board	and	individual	members	are	assessed	annually	by	the	NC	via	a	Board	Effectiveness	Evaluation	(“BEE”)	exercise.	
Directors are assessed based on the following:
•	 Directors’	evaluation	form	(self	and	peer	assessment);
•	 Board	and	Board	Committee	evaluation	form;
•	 AC	evaluation	form	(including	assessments	of	the	External	and	Internal	Auditors);
•	 Mix	of	skills	and	experience	of	the	Board;
•	 Declaration	of	Independence;	and
•	 Time	commitment.
The	process	of	the	BEE	exercise	are	as	follows:
1. Each Director completes the BEE questionnaires circulated by the Company Secretary.
2. The responses are compiled, summarised and furnished to the NC by the Company Secretary.
3. The NC conducts the assessment and the Chairman of the NC reports the NC’s deliberations and recommendations to the 
Board for consideration and approval. 
None of the Directors has any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any business that is in 
competition with the Company or its subsidiaries.
Having conducted the BEE in respect of FY2022 internally and facilitated by the Company Secretary, the Board is satisfied 
with	the	outcome	of	this	exercise.	Areas	requiring	improvements	were	identified	and	action	plans	were	recommended	to	the	
Board for implementation.
As part of the BEE process, the Board also reviewed the self-evaluation form completed by the MD and CFO. After considering 
the	Group’s	overall	performance,	the	NC	is	satisfied	with	the	character,	experience,	integrity,	competence	and	time	
commitment of the MD and CFO in the discharge of their roles in FY2022.
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
98

---- Page 101 ----
BOARD APPOInTMEnTS
The	NC	is	responsible	for	recommending	suitable	candidates	to	the	Board	with	the	aim	of	strengthening	the	Board’s	existing	
skills	matrix.	It	is	also	tasked	with	ensuring	a	constant	rejuvenation	of	its	Directors	so	that	they	can	inject	fresh	perspectives	
and ideas while ensuring strong corporate governance. Candidates are sourced using a number of channels, beyond the 
recommendations of present or former Directors.
In shortlisting and recommending candidates for the Board’s approval, the NC is guided by the following:
•	 Directors’	Fit	and	Proper	Policy;
•	 Board	and	Key	Senior	Management	Diversity	Policy;	and	
•	 Policy	on	Succession	Planning	for	Board	and	Key	Senior	Management.
The NC considers, among others, the following key criteria:
•	 The	size,	composition	and	diversity	requirements	of	the	Board	and	its	Committees	(if	the	candidate	is	proposed	to	be	
appointed	to	any	of	the	Board	Committees);
•	 The	candidate’s	independence	in	the	case	of	the	appointment	of	an	INED;
•	 The	candidate’s	track	record,	skills,	knowledge,	expertise,	experience,	age,	professionalism,	character,	integrity	(personal	
and	financial),	ability	to	understand	financial	statements	and	form	a	view	on	the	information	presented,	and	such	other	
relevant factors that may potentially contribute to the Board’s collective skills; and
•	 Any	competing	time	commitments	if	the	candidate	has	multiple	board	representations.
Directors are selected purely on merit. All newly appointed Directors will undergo an induction programme to acquaint them  
with the Group and its business operations and strategies, as well as ongoing activities and any potential issues or 
developments. This includes visits to the Group’s significant places of operation as well as meetings with Senior Management 
and relevant staff.
In February 2023, the NC undertook the following in connection with the appointment of Ms. Ho Kim Poi as a new INED as 
part of the succession plan for Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir:
•	 Reviewed	the	profiles	of	potential	candidates	put	forward	by	external	independent	sources,	as	well	as	recommendations	from	
Board members before shortlisting candidates that fit the requirements set out in the succession plan approved by the Board;
•	 Undertook	assessment	of	the	shortlisted	candidates’	independence	as	well	as	their	fitness	and	propriety	based	on	criteria	
set	out	in	the	Directors’	Fit	and	Proper	Policy	which	includes	probity,	personal	and	financial	integrity,	reputation,	experience	
and competency, and time and commitment;
•	 Reviewed	the	results	of	the	due	diligence	checks	performed	by	the	Management	(which	included	bankruptcy,	credit,	
criminal	etc)	and	the	fit	and	proper	declaration	made	by	the	shortlisted	candidates	via	the	Directors’	Declaration	and	
Undertaking form; and
•	 Conducted	engagement	sessions	with	the	shortlisted	candidates	before	recommending	suitable	candidates	to	the	Board	
for approval.
RE-ELECTIOn OF DIRECTORS
In	compliance	with	the	Constitution	of	the	Company,	one-third	(1/3)	of	the	Directors	shall	retire	by	rotation	at	each	AGM,	and	a	
Director	who	is	appointed	during	the	year	shall	retire	at	the	next	AGM.	The	Constitution	provides	that	all	Directors	shall	retire	
from	office	at	least	once	every	three	(3)	years.
At the Company’s forthcoming 28th AGM on 24 May 2023, the following Directors will be subjected to stand for re-election:
•	 Mr.	Michael	Jonathan	Duong,	Pn.	Aida	Binti	Md	Daud	and	Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	by	rotation;	and	
•	 Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	who	was	appointed	as	a	Director	on	15	March	2023.	
For the purpose of determining the eligibility of a director to stand for re-election, the NC had conducted an assessment of 
each	Director’s	performance	based	on	the	results	of	the	BEE	exercise.	Based	on	the	outcome	of	the	BEE	exercise,	the	NC	was	
satisfied that the above Directors had contributed effectively and had demonstrated their commitment to the Board.
The Board, via the NC, has also applied the Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy in their assessment of the above said Directors 
which	includes	probity,	personal	and	financial	integrity,	reputation,	experience	and	competency,	as	well	as	time	and	
commitment.	The	NC	has	also	reviewed	the	results	of	the	checks	performed	by	the	Management	(which	included	bankruptcy,	
credit,	criminal	etc)	as	well	as	the	fit	and	proper	declaration	made	by	the	said	Directors	via	the	Directors’	Declaration	and	
Undertaking form. The Board recommends and supports their re-election at the 28th AGM.
As	at	31	December	2022,	there	was	no	INED	who	remained	seated	on	the	Board	for	a	cumulative	period	beyond	nine	(9)	
years. The Board has in essence complied with Practice 5.3 of the MCCG which stipulates that the tenure of an Independent 
Director	should	not	exceed	a	term	limit	of	nine	years.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
99

---- Page 102 ----
BOARD TRAInInG
The Board, via the NC, continues to review and assess the training needs of each Director should he/she require specific 
training for personal development or keep abreast of changes in legislation and regulations affecting the Group.
All Directors have completed the Mandatory Accreditation Programme within the stipulated timeframe as required by the 
Listing Requirements.
During the year, the Directors attended various training programmes workshops, as well as conferences in areas of corporate 
governance, risk management, strategic, leadership, business intelligence, finance, including tailor-made sustainability 
programmes	conducted	by	external	professional	trainers.
Over the course of FY2022, Amway’s Directors attended conferences, seminars and training programmes which included the following: 
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE/RISK MAnAGEMEnT
FInAnCE
STRATEGIC/LEADERSHIP/BuSInESS InTELLIGEnCE/SuSTAInABILITY
2.  Insights from the EY Global 
Integrity Report 2022
2.  IFRS Sustainability 
Standards: Are Y ou 
Ready?
2.  Sustainability Strategy 
Workshop 
8.  Sustainable Investing ESG at 
the Forefront
5.  Directors’ Continuing Education 
Programme: 3rd ESG topic: 
ESG Performance
11.  2Q 2022 Market Outlook 
– Transition to Endemicity
14.  An Overview of the Malaysia 
Employment	(Amendment)	Act	
2022
5.  AOB Conversation with Audit 
Committee
3.  Refresher on Anti-Bribery & 
Corruption Compliance
3.  “MetaFinance”: The 
Next	Frontier	of	the	
Global Economy
3.  ESG and Environmental  
Sustainability - From Compliance 
to Quantifiable Business Value 
9.  Sustainability Reporting: Get 
Ready for New ISSB Standards 
6.		Leadership	that	Sustains 
Performance and Builds Trust
12.  Accounting for a Better World: 
What’s Y our Role?
1.  Latest Development in Capital 
Market Regulations – Insider 
Practices
1.  Insights into Task Force 
on Climate-Related  
Financial Disclosures and 
Sustainable Finance 
1.  Understanding the Requirements 
in Bursa Malaysia’s Enhanced 
Sustainability Reporting Framework
7.  Beyond Growth: Financing  
Sustainability to Build Back 
Better 
4. Understanding a Board of 
Director’s Role in Steering ESG
10.  2022 Economic Outlook:  
A roaring Tiger or a Lazy Cat?
13.  Assessing Y our Organisational 
Culture 
4.  Bribery and Corruption Risks 
in a Volatile Climate: Are Y ou 
Prepared?
4.		Tax	Governance:	It’s	
Time to Embrace It
The Directors will continue to undergo relevant training programmes to further enhance their skills and knowledge so as to 
discharge their duties effectively.
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
100

---- Page 103 ----
III. REMunERATIOn
REMunERATIOn POLICIES
The remuneration of the Directors is determined based on their responsibilities and time commitment. Meanwhile for Key 
Senior	Management,	the	RC	considers	market	competitiveness,	business	results,	experience	and	individual	performance,	 
to ensure that the compensation provided is competitive with industry benchmarks.
This is in line with the Board’s aim to retain, attract and reward talent that is essential for driving Amway forward in the 
realisation of its business goals.
DIRECTORS’ REMunERATIOn
In the case of Independent Directors, remuneration is a matter for the Board as a whole, with each individual Director 
abstaining from the discussion of his/her own remuneration.
For	the	MD	(the	sole	Executive	Director	on	the	Board),	remuneration	is	based	on	the	achievement	of	KPIs	for	the	Group	 
as well as individual KPIs. The Board deliberates on and approves the remuneration of the MD who shall abstain from 
deliberation and voting on his own remuneration. The RC adopts the ultimate holding Company’s employee compensation 
plan to set the remuneration of the MD.
The	RC	reviews	and	recommends	to	the	Board	the	remuneration	for	the	MD	and	further	recommends	the	Non-Executive	
Directors’ fees and benefits to the Board for shareholders’ approval at the Company’s AGM.
The Remuneration Policy for Board and Key Senior Management is available on the Company’s website at  
www.amway.my.
Remuneration of the Directors for FY2022 is as follows:
GROuP
FEES
SALARIES 
AnD OTHER 
EMOLuMEnTS BOnuS ALLOWAnCES
BEnEFITS- 
In-KInD TOTAL
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
Executive Director
Mr.	Michael	Jonathan	
Duong - 1,809.7 1,186.1 - 429.2 3,425.0
non-Executive Directors (1)
Tan Sri Faizah Binti 
Mohd Tahir 122.0 - - 5.2 5.5 132.7
Dato’ Abdullah Thalith 
Bin Md Thani 83.8 - - 13.0 - 96.8
Mr. Low Han Kee 76.1 - - 10.4 4.5 91.0
Mr. Scott Russell 
Balfour - - - - - -
En. Abd Malik Bin A 
Rahman 92.8 - - 14.3 6.9 114.0
Datin Seri Azreen Binti 
Abu Noh 81.3 - - 11.7 - 93.0
Pn. Aida Binti Md Daud 69.5 - - 5.2 1.1 75.8
Total 525.5 1,809.7 1,186.1 59.8 447.2 4,028.3
Note:
(1)	 The	Non-Executive	Directors	did	not	receive	any	remuneration	from	the	Company’s	subsidiaries.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
101

---- Page 104 ----
COMPAnY
FEES
SALARIES 
AnD OTHER 
EMOLuMEnTS BOnuS ALLOWAnCES
BEnEFITS- 
In-KInD TOTAL
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
Executive Director(2)
Mr.	Michael	Jonathan	
Duong - - - - - -
non-Executive Directors 
Tan Sri Faizah Binti 
Mohd Tahir 122.0 - - 5.2 5.5 132.7
Dato’ Abdullah Thalith 
Bin Md Thani 83.8 - - 13.0 - 96.8
Mr. Low Han Kee 76.1 - - 10.4 4.5 91.0
Mr. Scott Russell 
Balfour - - - - - -
En. Abd Malik Bin A 
Rahman 92.8 - - 14.3 6.9 114.0
Datin Seri Azreen Binti 
Abu Noh 81.3 - - 11.7 - 93.0
Pn. Aida Binti Md Daud 69.5 - - 5.2 1.1 75.8
Total 525.5 - - 59.8 18.0 603.3
Note:
(2)	 The	Executive	Director	did	not	receive	any	remuneration	from	the	Company.
Any	bonus	payable	to	the	Executive	Director	is	performance-based	and	relates	to	individual	and	Group	achievement	of	
specific	goals.	The	Non-Executive	Directors	do	not	receive	any	performance-related	remuneration.	Meeting	allowances	are	
provided for the attendance of meetings.
In	accordance	with	the	Companies	Act	2016	or	“the	Act”,	the	payment	of	Directors’	fees	and	benefits	shall	be	approved	at	a	
general meeting. The Board shall seek shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming 28th AGM for the payment of Directors’ fees 
and benefits for the Directors of the Company for FY2023.
PRInCIPLE            EFFECTIVE AuDIT AnD RISK MAnAGEMEnTB
I. AuDIT COMMITTEE
Matters of audit and risk are managed by the AC, which comprises the majority of Independent Directors. The Terms of  
Reference of the AC are available on the Company’s website at www.amway.my. The full scope of work undertaken by the AC 
is given in the AC Report of this Annual Report.
The	AC	is	supported	by	the	Company’s	external	and	internal	audit	functions,	as	well	as	the	RMC	on	matters	pertaining	to	risk.
During the financial year, the AC focused on governance, financial reporting, budgeting, internal audit, risk management and 
external	audit	matters.
The AC is responsible for ensuring that the financial statements of the Group are made in accordance with the provisions 
of the Act and according to applicable accounting standards that result in a balanced and fair view of the financial state and 
performance of Amway, which includes financial results.
The said financial statements comprise quarterly financial report announcements to Bursa Securities and the annual statutory 
financial statements. The CFO presents a review of quarter-to-quarter and year-to-date financial performance at quarterly 
meetings. These are prepared on an on-going concern basis and reflect a true and fair view of the financial position of the 
Group as at each specific reporting date.
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
102

---- Page 105 ----
Other statements that provide analysis and insights into the Group’s financial and operational performance include the 
Management Discussion & Analysis section that is provided in this Annual Report.
The Directors are satisfied that in preparing the financial statements of the Company and of the Group for FY2022, the Group 
has applied the appropriate accounting standards and policies with consistency. The Statement of Directors’ Responsibility is 
provided in this Annual Report.
ExTERnAL AuDITORS
The	Board	via	the	AC	maintains	a	formal	and	transparent,	professional	relationship	with	the	Group’s	External	Auditors,	Ernst	&	
Young	PLT	(“EY”).	In	this	regard,	the	Group	has	established	a	Policy	on	External	Auditors	which	serves	as	a	guide	for	the	AC	on	
the	selection,	appointment,	re-appointment	and	assessment	of	the	External	Auditors’	suitability,	objectivity	and	independence.	
This is to safeguard the quality and reliability of the Group’s audited financial statements in providing a true and fair view of 
the	Group’s	financial	position	and	performance.	The	role	of	the	AC	in	relation	to	the	External	Auditors	is	described	in	the	AC	
Report of this Annual Report.
On	an	annual	basis,	the	AC	considers	the	re-appointment	of	the	External	Auditors	and	their	remuneration	and	makes	
recommendations	to	the	Board.	The	External	Auditors	are	subject	to	re-appointment	each	year	at	the	AGM.	The	AC	assesses	
the	level	of	service	provided	by	the	External	Auditors	through	the	AC	Evaluation	Form,	and	takes	into	consideration	the	
following, among others:
•	 Provision	of	a	written	assurance	of	independence	from	the	External	Auditors;
•	 The	level	of	service,	independence	and	non-audit	services	rendered;
•	 The	quality	and	scope	of	the	planning	of	the	audit	in	assessing	risks	and	how	the	External	Auditors	maintain	or	update	the	
audit plan to respond to changing risks and circumstances;
•	 The	quality	and	timeliness	of	reports	provided	to	the	AC;
•	 The	level	of	understanding	demonstrated	of	the	Group’s	business;	and
•	 Communication	to	the	AC	about	new	and/or	revised	applicable	financial	reporting	standards	and	auditing	standards	and	
their impact on the Group’s financial statements.
EY have reported to the AC that, in their professional judgement, they are independent within the meaning of regulatory and 
professional requirements and the objectivity of the audit engagement partner and audit staff is not impaired.
The AC has considered the findings of the assessment together with EY’s independence and the level of non-audit services 
rendered by them for FY2022. The AC is satisfied that EY continue to possess the competency, objectivity, independence 
and	experience	required	to	fulfil	their	duties	effectively.	Based	on	the	recommendation	of	the	AC,	the	Board	will	be	seeking	
shareholders’	approval	for	the	re-appointment	of	the	External	Auditors	at	the	coming	28th AGM. 
The	following	is	a	summary	of	the	fees	paid	or	payable	by	the	Group	to	the	External	Auditors:
Fees FY2022 FY2021
Audit	fees	(RM) 343,070 304,969
Non-audit	fees	(RM) 14,678 14,279
The	non-audit	fees	for	FY2022	are	within	the	fee	threshold	for	permitted	non-audit	services	as	set	out	in	the	Policy	on	External	
Auditors.
COMPLIAnCE WITH APPLICABLE FInAnCIAL REPORTInG STAnDARDS
The Directors are responsible for ensuring that the annual audited financial statements and interim financial results are 
prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Act and applicable financial reporting standards in Malaysia. These include 
adopting all necessary measures to ensure that all applicable accounting policies have been applied consistently, and that the 
policies are supported by reasonable and prudent judgement and estimates.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
103

---- Page 106 ----
II. RISK MAnAGEMEnT AnD InTERnAL COnTROL FRAMEWORK 
RISK MAnAGEMEnT AnD InTERnAL AuDIT
The Board maintains a sound risk management framework and system of internal control to safeguard shareholders’ 
investment and the Group’s assets. The framework is designed to identify, assess, establish mitigation plans and monitor the 
significant risks faced by the Group on an ongoing basis.
The Board has oversight of the risk management function via the AC which in turn is supported by the RMC. Supporting the 
RMC	is	the	Group’s	internal	audit	function,	which	is	outsourced	to	KPMG	Management	&	Risk	Consulting	Sdn.	Bhd.	(“KPMG	
MRC”),	an	independent	external	professional	firm.	Further	details	on	the	key	features	of	the	risk	management	framework	
and the tasks undertaken by the RMC and KPMG MRC during FY2022 are set out in the Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control of this Annual Report.
The Board is supported by a risk management framework that focuses on the assessment of risk and which ultimately 
determines the Group’s risk appetite. The responsibility for managing risk resides at all levels within the Group and is mainly 
managed at the operational level and guided by the approved risk management policy and guidelines.
The Board is of the view that the present system of internal controls and the risk management framework is sound and 
sufficient to safeguard the Group’s assets, as well as shareholders’ investments, plus the interests of customers, regulators, 
employees and other stakeholders.
For further information, please refer to the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control in this Annual Report.
I. COMMunICATIOn WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The	Board	is	committed	to	undertake	active	engagement	with	its	key	stakeholders	in	order	to	meet	their	expectations	and	
address their concerns as well as the impact of the Group’s business on them. The Board also recognises the need for timely, 
comprehensive and accurate disclosures of the Group’s performance to stakeholders. This includes but is not limited to 
corporate announcements, circulars to shareholders and financial information.
As stipulated in the Listing Requirements, the Board has formalised an Investor Relations Policy which also governs pertinent 
corporate disclosure, including information that needs to be disseminated by persons authorised and responsible for 
approving and disclosing such material information to shareholders and stakeholders.
The	Group’s	unaudited	quarterly	financial	results	are	released	within	two	(2)	months	from	the	end	of	each	quarter	and	the	
annual audited financial results together with the Annual Report, which remains a key channel of communication, is published 
within	four	(4)	months	after	the	financial	year-end.
The Group has put in place various channels of communication with stakeholders, which include quarterly announcements on 
financial results to Bursa Securities, relevant announcements and circulars when necessary, an annual briefing to the financial 
community, and the AGM. In order to facilitate an effective information dissemination process, the Company has established 
a dedicated section for corporate information on its website where information on the Company’s announcements, financial 
information, share prices, press releases and the Company’s Annual Report may be accessed. In addition, stakeholders can 
also email the Group at ir@amway.com, however, any information that may be regarded as undisclosed material information 
about the Group will not be given to any single stakeholder or stakeholder group.
During FY2022, a briefing session with investors and analysts was held on 25 February 2022 following the issuance of the 
Group’s Fourth Quarter and Full Y ear 2021 financial results on 23 February 2022. The Board believes its practices in this area 
are consistent with both the principles concerning dialogue with stakeholders and good governance.
PRInCIPLE            InTEGRITY In CORPORATE REPORTInG AnD MEAnInGFuL RELATIOnSHIP WITH     
     STAKEHOLDERS
C
CORPORATE GOVERnAnCE OVERVIEW STATEMEnT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
104

---- Page 107 ----
II. COnDuCT OF GEnERAL MEETInGS
The AGM, which is the principal forum for shareholder dialogue, allows shareholders to review the Group’s performance 
via the Company’s Annual Report and to pose questions to the Board for clarification. Amway ensures that all Directors and 
the CFO attend the AGM so that matters brought up by the floor can be effectively addressed according to shareholders’ 
expectations.	Beyond	the	proposed	resolutions,	the	AGM	also	serves	as	an	avenue	to	share	updates	on	the	Group’s	
performance as well as future business plans and strategies with shareholders.
The Notice of the 27th AGM was issued to shareholders on 22 April 2022, in effect being 32 days in advance of the scheduled 
AGM that was held on 25 May 2022. This is in line with Practice 13.1 of the MCCG, where notice to shareholders should be 
given at least 28 days in advance of the AGM.
In view of the COVID-19 pandemic and as part of the Group’s safety measures, the Company’s 27th AGM was held in a virtual 
manner for the third consecutive year through live streaming from the broadcast venue to facilitate remote shareholders’ 
participation and online electronic poll voting. Shareholders were encouraged to attend and speak in the form of real time 
submission	of	typed	texts	and	vote	remotely	at	the	AGM	using	the	Remote	Participation	and	Voting	facilities	(“RPV”)	from	Tricor	
Investor	&	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.	(“Tricor”).	As	the	AGM	was	conducted	online,	Tricor	has	put	in	place	information	
security measures to prevent cyberattacks and data breaches, which include hosting the RPV facilities on a secured cloud 
platform.
Shareholders were encouraged to submit questions to the Board in advance before the AGM via Tricor’s TIIH Online website 
and the questions received were addressed at the AGM. All questions received in advance and those posed real time during 
the AGM were made visible to all the meeting participants.
At the 27th AGM, the Board Chairperson, AC Chairman, CFO and Company Secretary were present at the broadcast venue 
and	the	remaining	Directors,	MD,	External	Auditors	and	advisors	participated	through	video	conferencing	to	facilitate	vigorous	
discussion with shareholders. The MD provided shareholders with an overview of the Group’s operations, while the CFO 
provided a financial overview of the financial year’s performance. The Company replied to questions received in advance of 
the meeting and those posed during the meeting.
The minutes of the 27th AGM together with the Company’s response to questions received in advance and those raised during 
the AGM was made available to shareholders on the Company’s website at www.amway.my within 30 business days after the 
AGM.
SHAREHOLDER PARTICIPATIOn AT GEnERAL MEETInGS
About	380	shareholders	and	proxies	participated	virtually	in	the	27th	AGM	held	on	25	May	2022.	About	30	proxy	forms	and	
certificates of corporate representatives were received, representing about 87% of the Company’s total issued share capital.
Online electronic poll voting was conducted for all resolutions set out in the Notice of AGM. The Directors addressed 
questions raised by the shareholders on the proposed resolutions before putting the resolution to a vote. Coopers 
Professional Scrutineers Sdn. Bhd. was appointed as the independent scrutineer to validate the votes cast at the AGM. 
All resolutions proposed were duly passed and the outcome of the AGM was announced to Bursa Securities on the same 
meeting day.
This CG Overview Statement was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2023.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
105

---- Page 108 ----
AuDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
The	Board	of	Directors	of	Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	(“Amway”	or	“the	Company”)	and	its	subsidiaries	(collectively	 
“the	Group”)	are	pleased	to	present	the	Audit	Committee	(“AC”)	Report	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022	
(“FY2022”).
The	AC	was	established	in	accordance	with	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	(“Listing	Requirements”)	of	Bursa	Malaysia	
Securities	Berhad	(“Bursa	Securities”)	to	serve	as	a	Committee	of	the	Board	of	Directors	(“the	Board”)	for	the	primary	purpose	
of assisting the Board in fulfilling its fiduciary responsibilities.
The	AC	is	supported	by	the	Company’s	external	and	internal	audit	functions	in	carrying	out	its	responsibilities.	In	addition,	
the	Internal	Audit	team	from	Alticor	Inc.	(the	parent	company	of	the	Group)	undertakes	rotational	audits	(guided	by	the	global	
internal	audit	programme)	and	enterprise	risk	assessments	of	the	Group.	This	team	is	staffed	by	highly	competent	personnel	
with a wide knowledge of the industry. This team is capable of assessing the business and operational risks of the Group as 
well as benchmarking these against their global affiliates’ efficiencies and controls to ensure good corporate governance 
practices are implemented throughout the Group.
The Group also has an in-house Compliance Officer tasked primarily with carrying out audits on operational processes to 
ensure adherence with internal Standard Operating Procedures. The Compliance Officer is also tasked with identifying 
internal control gaps and recommending improvements.
COMPOSITIOn 
The	AC	comprises	exclusively	of	Non-Executive	Directors,	with	a	majority	of	them	being	Independent	Non-Executive	
Directors	(“INEDs”),	including	the	Chairman.	All	the	INEDs	satisfy	the	test	of	independence	under	Paragraph	1.01	of	the	Listing	
Requirements	of	Bursa	Securities.	The	AC	also	fulfils	the	requirements	of	Paragraphs	15.09(1)(a)	and	15.09(1)(b)	of	the	Listing	
Requirements of Bursa Securities.
As at 31 December 2022, the AC comprised the following:
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(Chairman,	INED);
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(Member,	INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED);
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Member,	Non-INED);	and
•	 Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	(Member,	Non-INED).
The AC Chairman, En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman is a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants, Malaysian Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants, and Malaysian Institute of Management, as well as a Fellow of the Association of Chartered 
Certified	Accountants	(UK)	and	Institute	of	Corporate	Directors	Malaysia.	Accordingly,	the	Company	complies	with	Paragraph	
15.09(1)(c)(i)	of	the	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa	Securities.	The	AC	Chairman	is	also	not	the	Chairman	of	the	Board	which	is	in	
line	with	Practice	9.1	of	the	Malaysian	Code	on	Corporate	Governance	2021	(“MCCG”).
The Board’s Chairperson, Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir who would have served as an independent director for a term of 
nine	(9)	years	come	May	2023,	has	indicated	that	she	will	be	retiring	as	the	Board’s	Chairperson	and	Senior	INED	upon	the	
conclusion	of	the	Company’s	Twenty-Eighth	(“28th”)	Annual	General	Meeting	(“AGM”)	which	will	be	held	on	24	May	2023.	
As part of the Board’s succession plan, Ms. Ho Kim Poi was appointed to the Board on 15 March 2023, as an INED, as well as a 
member	of	the	AC	and	Remuneration	Committee	(“RC”).	With	the	appointment	of	Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi,	the	AC	composition	from	 
15 March 2023 is as follows:
•	 En.	Abd	Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	(Chairman,	INED);
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(Member,	INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED);
•	 Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	(Member,	INED);
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Member,	Non-INED);	and
•	 Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	(Member,	Non-INED).
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
106

---- Page 109 ----
Upon the retirement of Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir as the Board’s Chairperson at the conclusion of the 28th AGM, En. Abd 
Malik	Bin	A	Rahman	will	be	appointed	as	the	new	Board	Chairman	and	Senior	Independent	Non-Executive	Director	and	will	
resign as the AC Chairman as well as a member of the NC and RC. This is to ensure continued compliance with Practice 1.4 
of the MCCG, which states that the Chairman of the Board should not be a member of the AC, NC or RC as well as Practice 
9.1 whereby the Chairman of the AC is not the Chairman of the Board. At the same time, Ms. Ho Kim Poi will be re-designated 
as the new AC Chairperson to replace En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman. The composition of the AC after the 28th AGM will be as 
follows:
•	 Ms.	Ho	Kim	Poi	(Chairperson,	INED);
•	 Dato’	Abdullah	Thalith	Bin	Md	Thani	(Member,	INED);
•	 Datin	Seri	Azreen	Binti	Abu	Noh	(Member,	INED)
•	 Mr.	Scott	Russell	Balfour	(Member,	Non-INED);	and
•	 Mr.	Low	Han	Kee	(Member,	Non-INED).
MEETInGS
The	AC	held	four	(4)	meetings	during	FY2022	which	were	attended	by	all	members.	The	Managing	Director	(“MD”),	Senior	
Management,	External	and	Internal	Auditors,	as	well	as	advisors,	attended	the	meetings,	upon	invitation	by	the	AC,	to	brief	the	
AC on specific issues.
ATTEnDAnCE
CHAIRMAn OF THE AC
En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman 4/4
MEMBERS OF THE AC
Dato’ Abdullah Thalith Bin Md Thani 4/4
Datin Seri Azreen Binti Abu Noh 4/4
Mr. Scott Russell Balfour 4/4
Mr. Low Han Kee 4/4
All deliberations at the AC meetings were properly recorded. The minutes of the AC meetings were tabled for confirmation 
at the meetings that followed and subsequently presented to the Board for notation. The AC Chairman also reported to the 
Board on the activities and significant matters discussed at each AC meeting.
ROLES AnD RESPOnSIBILITIES
The	AC	operates	under	written	Terms	of	Reference	(“TOR”)	which	contain	provisions	that	address	the	requirements	imposed	
by Bursa Securities. These TOR provide for the AC’s oversight of financial compliance matters in addition to several other 
responsibilities. The TOR can be viewed on the Company’s website at www.amway.my.
During FY2022, the AC focused on matters of governance, financial reporting, budgeting, internal audit, risk management and 
external	audit.
Risk	management	is	also	addressed	by	the	AC	through	the	Risk	Management	Committee	(“RMC”).	Matters	of	risk	are	reported	
to the AC on a quarterly basis by the MD. For further details on the Group’s risk management processes, kindly refer to the 
Statement	on	Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control	(“SORMIC”)	within	this	Annual	Report.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
107

---- Page 110 ----
SuMMARY OF WORK OF THE COMMITTEE
In FY2022, the AC undertook the following activities in the discharge of its roles and responsibilities:
FInAnCIAL REPORTInG
•	 Reviewed	the	quarterly	financial	results	and	annual	audited	financial	statements	prior	to	recommending	them	to	the	Board	
for	approval.	In	conducting	such	a	review,	the	AC	had	sought	explanations	and	additional	information	from	the	Chief	
Financial Officer on the reasons for any significant variances in the Group’s financial performance;
•	 Assessed	whether	the	appropriate	accounting	policies	had	been	applied	throughout	the	financial	year	and	whether	
Management had made appropriate estimates and judgements regarding the recognition, measurement and presentation 
of the financial results;
•	 Reviewed	and	highlighted	to	the	Board	significant	matters	raised	by	the	External	Auditors	(Ernst	&	Young	PLT)	including	key	
audit matters, significant judgements made by the Management, significant events or transactions and actions taken for 
improvement; and
•	 Deliberated	on	significant	changes	pertaining	to	the	relevant	regulatory	requirements,	as	well	as	accounting	and	auditing	
standards that affect the Group and the adoption of such changes by the Management.
ExTERnAL AuDIT
•	 Discussed	with	the	External	Auditors	their	annual	statutory	audit	plan	focusing	on	the	scope	of	work,	timeline	of	audit,	
materiality threshold, audit approach to be adopted, areas of audit emphasis including the key audit matters, key changes 
to the accounting and financial reporting standards, as well as auditing standards;
•	 Reviewed	and	deliberated	on	the	External	Auditors’	report	which	summarised	key	findings	arising	from	the	annual	statutory	
audit of the financial statements and reported the results to the Board;
•	 Reviewed	the	Management	Letters	from	the	External	Auditors	together	with	the	Management’s	responses;
•	 Obtained	written	assurance	regarding	the	independence	of	the	External	Auditors	throughout	the	audit	engagement;
•	 Reviewed	the	proposed	audit	fee	for	FY2022	and	recommended	to	the	Board	for	approval;
•	 Reviewed	and	approved	the	provision	of	non-audit	services	and	fees	by	the	External	Auditors	in	accordance	with	the	
Group’s	Policy	on	External	Auditors;	and
•	 Held	two	(2)	meetings	with	the	External	Auditors	during	the	year.	The	External	Auditors	provided	timely	updates	on	audit-
related	affairs	and	remained	fully	apprised	of	all	matters	considered	by	the	AC.	This	included	two	(2)	private	sessions	
without the presence of the MD and Senior Management.
In	addition,	the	AC	also	assessed	the	performance	of	the	External	Auditors.	In	conducting	the	assessment,	the	AC	is	guided	by	
the	Group’s	Policy	on	External	Auditors	and	had	taken	the	following	into	consideration,	among	other	criteria:
•	 Independence	and	objectivity	(including	reviewing	the	External	Auditors’	Transparency	Report	which	sets	out	among	
others,	their	audit	quality	programme,	independence	practices	and	risk	management);
•	 Competency,	quality	of	service	and	non-audit	services	rendered	by	the	External	Auditors;
•	 Rigour	and	quality	of	the	audit;
•	 Effectiveness	and	timeliness	of	communicating	and	reporting	to	the	AC;
•	 Level	of	understanding	of	the	Group’s	business;
•	 Adequacy	of	resources	used;	and
•	 Appropriateness	of	the	audit	fee	to	support	a	quality	audit.
AuDIT COMMITTEE REPORT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
108

---- Page 111 ----
Having	assessed	and	deliberated	on	the	matter,	the	AC	was	satisfied	that	the	External	Auditors	continued	to	possess	the	
competency,	objectivity,	independence	and	experience	required	to	fulfil	their	duties	effectively	and	agreed	to	recommend	that	
the	Board	table	the	re-appointment	of	the	External	Auditors	at	the	coming	28th AGM.
The	AC	is	satisfied	that	the	FY2022	audit	fees	amounting	to	RM343,070	(FY2021:	RM304,969)	and	non-audit	fees	of	 
RM14,678	(FY2021:	RM14,279)	paid	or	payable	by	the	Group	to	Ernst	&	Young	PLT	are	appropriate	to	support	a	quality	audit.
OVERSIGHT OF THE GROuP’S InTERnAL AuDIT FunCTIOn
The	internal	audit	function	is	outsourced	to	KPMG	Management	&	Risk	Consulting	Sdn.	Bhd.	(“KPMG	MRC”),	an	independent	
external	professional	firm.	
The internal audit function operates on a clearly defined audit plan which is reviewed and approved by the AC in terms of 
adequacy of scope and coverage of the auditable areas as well as takes into consideration the findings of previous audits.
During FY2022, the AC undertook the following:
•	 Reviewed	the	number	of	resources	and	the	qualifications	of	the	personnel	responsible	for	the	internal	audit	function	and	
assessed whether the function was being undertaken in accordance with a recognised framework;
•	 Monitored	KPMG	MRC’s	audit	progress	against	the	approved	audit	plan;
•	 Deliberated	on	the	internal	audit	reports	prepared	by	KPMG	MRC,	which	highlighted	the	audit	observations,	effects	or	
potential risks, recommendations and the Management’s comments. All findings were discussed with the Management, and 
where appropriate, the necessary actions were taken to improve the internal controls based on improvement opportunities 
identified in the internal audit reports;
•	 Assessed	the	performance	of	the	internal	auditors	based	on	the	AC	Evaluation,	considering	the	scope,	adequacy	and	
effectiveness	(including	the	methodology,	competency	and	resources)	of	the	internal	audit	function;	and
•	 Held	two	(2)	private	sessions	with	KPMG	MRC	without	the	presence	of	the	MD	and	Senior	Management	in	February	2022	
and August 2022.
SuMMARY OF ACTIVITIES unDERTAKEn BY THE InTERnAL AuDIT FunCTIOn
For	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	KPMG	MRC	team	of	five	(5)	was	headed	by	the	engagement	partner,	En.	Mohd	Khaidzir	
Shahari, who is a Chartered Accountant, Malaysian Institute of Accountants; Certified Global Management Accountant; 
Certified Internal Auditor, The Institute of Internal Auditors Inc; and Chartered Member, Institute of Internal Auditors Malaysia. 
En.	Khaidzir	has	over	25	years	of	experience	in	undertaking	internal	audit	and	risk	management	engagements	for	various	
government	and	public-listed	companies	including	those	in	the	consumer	markets	(retail	and	distribution	management).	KPMG	
MRC has also established an internal process which requires individual declarations that the assigned KPMG MRC team is free 
from any relationships or conflicts of interest vis-à-vis Amway, which could impair their objectivity and independence.
The internal audit performed is based on the KPMG MRC Internal Audit Methodology, a risk-based internal audit 
methodology which is aligned with the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing issued by 
the Institute of Internal Auditors. The risk-based audit plan covers the review of key operational and financial activities, 
including the effectiveness of internal control practices, as well as compliance with the Group’s policies and procedures, 
relevant laws and regulations. The audits and reviews focus on high-risk areas to evaluate the efficiency and effectiveness 
of the controls in place to mitigate risks.
In	FY2022,	KPMG	MRC	conducted	three	(3)	review	cycles	on	the	Group’s	internal	controls	in	accordance	with	the	internal 	
audit plan approved by the AC. All major findings as well as significant control issues and concerns and the corresponding 
root	causes	(where	applicable)	were	reported	directly	to	the	AC.	The	Management	also	shared	the	actions	taken	based 	
on improvement opportunities identified in the reports while KPMG MRC performed follow-up activities on the status 
of implementation by the Management based on the observations raised in preceding audits and reported to the AC 
periodically to ensure prompt resolution.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
109

---- Page 112 ----
Shop operations
Cyber-security 
management
Recurrent related party 
transaction management
Human capital 
management
Warehouse and inventory 
management
•	 Review	of	pricing	process	and	obtaining	approval	for	new	products;
•	 Product	return	process;	
•	 Timeliness	in	responding	to	customer	complaints	and	follow-up	process;	
•	 Product	placement	and	display	according	to	visual	guidelines;
•	 Timeliness	in	the	initiation	of	remediation	efforts	from	the	retail	experience	team	arising	
from detection of non-compliance or improvement areas identified by the internal 
compliance unit;
•	 Periodic	stock	count	and	cash	count;
•	 Cash	handling	process;	
•	 Effectiveness	in	addressing	applicable	COVID-19	related	safety	measures;
•	 Effectiveness	of	fire	prevention	and	mitigation	systems;
•	 Timely	and	periodic	conduct	of	emergency	drills	and	procedures	(e.g.,	fire	drill);	and
•	 Safety	measures	in	shops,	insurance	coverage	and	timeliness	in	reporting	theft	or	robbery.	
•	 Establishment	of	disaster	recovery	plan	including	testing	thereof;
•	 Vulnerability	assessment	and	penetration	testing	on	key	systems	and	applications;
•	 Vendor	risk	assessment	process;	and
•	 Periodic	training	on	information	security	and	general	controls	for	new	and	recurring	
employees. 
•	 Framework	to	address	disclosure	of	related	party	relationships	and	transactions;	and
•	 Compliance	in	accordance	with	the	Shareholders’	Mandate	approved	at	the	AGM	of	the	
Company. 
•	 Alignment	with	the	Employment	Act	1955;
•	 Succession	strategy	for	senior	management;
•	 Recruitment	and	resignation	process;
•	 Periodic	review	of	salary	and	remuneration	structure;	
•	 Performance	management	and	appraisal;	and
•	 Segregation	of	duties	in	human	resource	systems.	
•	 Goods	and	inventory	receipt;
•	 Safety	and	security	over	stocks,	including	insurance;
•	 Periodic	inventory	count;
•	 Periodic	inventory	adjustments	including	write-off	and	disposal;
•	 Conduct	of	warehouse	business	continuity	testing	for	backup	inventory;
•	 Product	availability	management	and	customers	order	process;
•	 Delivery	of	goods	and	inventory	to	Amway	Shops;
•	 Delivery	of	products	to	eCommerce	customers;	and
•	 Product	return	procedures	for	online	orders.
Based on the above scope of work, KPMG MRC concluded that the Group’s system of internal controls is adequate with some 
areas requiring improvements. All the necessary actions required to improve the internal controls have been implemented 
within the agreed timeline.
The total cost incurred in outsourcing the internal audit function to KPMG MRC for FY2022 amounted to RM135,000.
During FY2022, KPMG MRC audited several key areas, including the following:
AuDIT COMMITTEE REPORT (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
110

---- Page 113 ----
OTHER MATTERS COnSIDERED BY THE AC
During FY2022, the AC also undertook the following:
•	 Reviewed	the	proposed	interim	and	special	dividends	as	well	as	the	solvency	tests	undertaken	by	the	Management	before	
making a recommendation to the Board;
•	 Reviewed	and	recommended	to	the	Board	the	Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement,	Corporate	Governance	Report,	
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control, Audit Committee Report, Chairperson’s Statement, and Management 
Discussion & Analysis as well as Sustainability Statement for inclusion in the Company’s Annual Report;
•	 Reviewed	and	recommended	that	the	Board	approve	the	Circular	to	seek	shareholders’	approval	on	the	proposed	renewal	
of the shareholders’ mandate for RRPT of a Revenue or Trading nature, as well as monitored the actual RRPT transactions 
value against the shareholders’ mandate;
•	 Reviewed	the	Group’s	risk	profile	and	risk	register	quarterly,	which	covers	the	Group’s	key	risks	covering	business,	
operational, corruption and sustainability material matters;
•	 Reviewed	the	internal	compliance	audit	reports	prepared	by	the	in-house	Compliance	Officer	focusing	on	operational	
processes and compliance with internal Standard Operating Procedures; and
•	 Reviewed	the	report	from	an	external	legal	counsel	on	their	review	of	the	Group’s	Anti-Bribery	and	Corruption	Policy,	
Whistleblower Policy and Code of Conduct and Ethics which concluded that the current relevant internal policies, 
practices and measures are sufficient. Additionally, further reviewed the progress of the implementation of legal counsel’s 
recommendations to further enhance the Group’s anti-bribery and corruption policies, practices and measures. 
AC TRAInInG AnD EDuCATIOn
During the year in review, the AC members attended relevant training programmes, which included among others, the areas 
of corporate governance, risk management, strategic, leadership, sustainability and finance to enhance their knowledge and 
enable them to discharge their duties more effectively. The list of training programmes undertaken by the Board of Directors, 
including members of the AC, can be found in the Corporate Governance Overview Statement of this Annual Report.
The AC is of the view that during FY2022, the Company complied with the Listing Requirements, and as such, there are no 
breaches	to	be	reported	to	Bursa	Securities	pursuant	to	paragraph	15.16	of	the	Listing	Requirements.
As the AC members are not employees of the Company, the AC has relied, without independent verification, on the 
Management’s representation that the financial statements have been prepared with integrity and objectivity, as well as 
in	conformity	with	approved	accounting	principles.	The	AC	has	also	relied	on	the	representations	of	the	External	Auditors	
included in its reports on the Company’s financial statements and internal control over financial reporting.
With the assistance of the NC, the Board has assessed the performance of the AC and its members for FY2022 through an 
annual AC evaluation and is satisfied that the AC and its members have discharged their functions, duties and responsibilities 
in accordance with the TOR.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
111

---- Page 114 ----
STATEMEnT On RISK MAnAGEMEnT AnD  
InTERnAL COnTROL 
This	statement	has	been	prepared	pursuant	to	Paragraph	15.26(b)	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa	Malaysia	
Securities Berhad as guided by the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors of Listed 
Issuers. It is also guided by the Principles and Best Practices as stipulated in Practices 10.1 and 10.2 of the Malaysian Code on 
Corporate	Governance	2021	(“MCCG”).	This	statement	covers	matters	pertaining	to	the	risk	management	and	internal	control	
system	of	Amway	(Malaysia)	Holdings	Berhad	(“Amway”	or	“the	Company”)	and	its	subsidiaries	(collectively	“the	Group”).
BOARD RESPOnSIBILITY
Acknowledging its overall responsibility for the risk management and internal control system of the Group, the Board is committed 
to safeguarding shareholders’ interests and the Group’s assets as well as reviewing the adequacy, integrity and effectiveness of the 
system.	Towards	this	end,	the	Board	has	established	a	robust	Enterprise	Risk	Management	(“ERM”)	framework	and	internal	control	
system to identify, assess and establish mitigation plans, monitor the Group’s significant risks, as well as determine the Group’s risk 
appetite for the financial year as it pursues its business strategies. The Board has full oversight for the Group’s ERM framework.
Matters	pertaining	to	risk	are	specifically	overseen	by	the	Audit	Committee	(“AC”)	and	the	Risk	Management	Committee	
(“RMC”),	who	in	turn	are	supported	by	an	internal	audit	function.	These	Committees	are	responsible	for	overseeing	the	
financial	reporting	process,	evaluating	internal	and	external	audit	processes,	as	well	as	reviewing	the	risk	management	and	
internal control processes.
The responsibility for managing risk resides at all levels within the Group, including at the operational level, and is guided by 
an approved risk management policy as well as guidelines.
EnTERPRISE RISK MAnAGEMEnT FRAMEWORK
Vision/Mission
Leadership & 
Commitment of the 
Board of Directors/
Management
Risk Culture
ERM Policy
ERM Reporting 
Structure/
Frequency
ERM Roles & 
Responsibilities
Risk Parameters
ERM Procedures
Strategic Planning
Business Planning 
(Budgeting)
Policy Development
New Investment/
Project
Decision Making
Business Processes
Performance 
Management
Incidences Data 
Analysis
Internal Audit  
(Risk-based)
ERM Infrastructure ERM IntegrationERM Process
Enterprise Risk Managem
ent & Corruption Risk ProcessEnterprise Risk Managem
ent & Corruption Risk Process
Context 
Establishment 
(Internal	and	
external)
Risk  
Assessment  
(incl. Corruption 
Risk Assessment) 
(Identify,	Analyse	&	
Evaluate Risk and 
Opportunity Arising 
from	Risk)
Continuous 
Monitoring & 
Embedment 
(KRIs,	Embedment	
of New Internal 
Controls)
Risk Action 
Monitoring 
(Monitor	&	Report	
on Implementation 
of	Action	Plans)
Risk Action 
Implementation 
(Develop	Key	
Action	Plans)
1
25
4 3
Communication Awareness/Training Continuous Improvement Change Management
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
112

---- Page 115 ----
The Group’s ERM framework and system of internal control encompass financial, operational and compliance controls. In view 
of the inherent limitations of any system, the Group’s risk framework and controls cannot guarantee the total elimination of 
risks. As such, they can therefore only provide reasonable, but not absolute assurance, against material misstatement or loss, 
fraud, irregularities and errors in judgement or unpredictable risks, as well as uncontrollable events such as natural disasters.
The ERM framework involves multiple levels across the Group. It begins with the respective business units and departments 
and is thereafter channelled upwards ultimately to the Board of Directors.
The framework is based on a triple line of defence. It ensures a robust system that allows for a more proactive and strategic 
response that facilitates effective sharing of information across the organisation. The system employed also clearly delineates 
the	roles	and	expectations	at	each	level	of	the	Group’s	corporate	structure	in	the	management	of	risk.
Level Business unit/Owner Roles and Responsibilities
1st Level Heads of Departments
and Managers
Heads of Departments and managers from all functions are entrusted 
with the responsibility of assisting the Board in overseeing the 
Group’s risk management practices. The Group’s risk management 
activities are embedded across Amway, thus enabling risks to be 
addressed in a timely manner.
The identification of potential new risks and a reassessment of 
existing	risks	are	performed	on	a	quarterly	basis	based	on	the	
severity and likelihood of the said risks occurring. At the same time, 
the appropriate mitigation plans are identified. For each of the risks 
identified, the respective Head of Department or manager is assigned 
to ensure that appropriate risk response actions are conducted in a 
timely manner.
To further strengthen the Group’s first line of defence in managing  
day-to-day operational risks, the in-house Compliance Officer is tasked 
primarily with carrying out audits on the operational processes to 
ensure adherence with internal Standard Operating Procedures. The 
Compliance Officer is also responsible for identifying internal control 
gaps and recommending improvements.
2nd Level RMC The RMC meets quarterly to review the Group’s Corporate Risk 
Register in accordance with the policy and guidance enshrined in the 
ERM framework.
The key responsibilities of the RMC include:
•		 Reviewing	and	assessing	the	Group’s	risk	profile	and	mitigation	
plans to address significant risks;
•		 Monitoring	significant	risks	through	the	review	of	risk-related	
performance measures and the progress of action plans;
•		 Ensuring	risk	management	processes	are	integrated	into	all	core	
business processes; and
•		 Providing	a	consolidated	risk	and	assurance	report	to	the	AC	
and Board to support its system of risk management and internal 
control.
The results of these risk management activities undertaken by the 
RMC are reported quarterly to the AC by the Managing Director.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
113

---- Page 116 ----
Level Business unit/Owner Roles and Responsibilities
3rd Level Internal	and	external	
auditors
The internal audit function plays an essential role in strengthening the 
risk management and internal controls of the Group. It also assists the 
AC in reviewing the effectiveness of the internal controls as well as 
provides an independent view of specific risks and control issues, the 
state of internal controls, trends and events.
The internal audit function reports directly to the AC on a regular 
basis and its role is defined based on an approved risk-based internal 
audit plan.
The Company’s internal audit function is outsourced to an 
independent	external	professional	firm,	KPMG	Management	&	Risk	
Consulting	Sdn.	Bhd.	(“KPMG	MRC”).	
The	external	audit	function,	performed	by	Ernst	&	Young	PLT,	works	
closely	with	the	AC	to	address	elevated	risk	areas	(if	any)	that	
are likely to give rise to a material misstatement of the financial 
statements, or which are perceived to be of higher risk and require 
additional audit emphasis.
The	Group’s	risk	profile	is	expressed	using	a	risk	impact	and	likelihood	matrix	as	follows.
Magnitude of Impact
Almost 
Certain
Likely
Possible
unlikely
Rare
Medium Medium High Extreme Extreme
Medium Medium High High Extreme
Low Medium Medium High High
Low Low Medium Medium High
Low Low Medium Medium High
Likelihood
Insignificant      Minor    Moderate       Major Catastrophic
5
5
4
4
3
3
2
2
1
1
STATEMEnT On RISK MAnAGEMEnT AnD InTERnAL COnTROL 
(COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
114

---- Page 117 ----
CORPORATE RISK REGISTER
The Group’s ERM framework includes an ongoing risk management process that creates a Corporate Risk Register with 
specific risk profiles and action plans for mitigating identified risks. The register is reviewed quarterly by the Board through 
the AC which focuses on the progress of mitigation plans for the key risks identified in the areas pertaining to operations, 
corruption and material sustainability matters.
The following table provides an overview of the Group’s key risks:
The COVID-19 pandemic which resulted in lockdown and 
movement restriction imposed by the Government of 
Malaysia to curb the spread of COVID-19 had an adverse 
impact on the economy, rapidly disrupting businesses 
and consumer activities. Following Malaysia transitioning 
from the pandemic to the endemic stage on 1 April 2022, 
the easing of movement restrictions and reopening of 
international borders coupled with the resumption of both 
economic and social activities have led to an increase in 
consumer demand. 
The continued sale of Amway products on unauthorised 
third-party websites at reduced prices, undercuts the 
earnings of our ABOs which could potentially lead to 
dissatisfaction and impact our overall earnings capability, 
not to mention the credibility of the Amway brand.
The Group continues to roll out various measures and 
initiatives to ensure business continuity, as well as to 
safeguard the safety and well-being of employees, 
Amway	Business	Owners	(“ABOs”)	and	Amway	Privileged	
Customers	(“APCs”).	In	addition,	proactive	measures	
to support our ABOs’ businesses and the community 
continued in FY2022. At the same time, the Group 
continues to invest in ABO-centric programmes, new 
product	launches	and	promotions	(particularly	in	the	health	
and	wellness	portfolio),	as	well	as	make	enhancements	to	
its digital platform and delivery infrastructure.
The Group continues to collaborate closely with the 
relevant authorities to identify such websites and to ensure 
the appropriate actions are taken to safeguard the Amway 
brand, reputation and price margins of our products.
The Group has also intensified its engagement efforts with 
the representatives of numerous eCommerce websites 
to alert them about this issue so that they may remove 
Amway products from their platforms.
Amway also undertakes strict enforcement including the 
issuance of warning letters to offending parties and may 
also withdraw any awards conferred as part of our efforts 
to deter the unauthorised selling of our products online.
Amway’s ABOs are accorded training and awareness 
programmes on the prohibition of unauthorised selling and 
are advised to refrain from such activities. ABOs are also 
urged to inform their customers to only make purchases 
from authorised sales channels.
COVID-19 PAnDEMIC COnTROLS & MITIGATIOn MEASuRES In PLACE
PROLIFERATIOn OF ECOMMERCE COnTROLS & MITIGATIOn MEASuRES In PLACE
BuSInESS COnTInuITY
The Group has put in place a Business Continuity Plan including a Pandemic Response Plan and a Disaster Recovery Plan to 
ensure that, in the event of unforeseen circumstances, Amway’s business operations will continue without major disruptions or 
with only minimal delay.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
115

---- Page 118 ----
InSuRAnCE
Sufficient insurance and physical safeguards on major assets and contingencies are in place to ensure that the Group’s assets 
have sufficient coverage against any mishap that may result in material losses to the Group. A yearly insurance policy renewal 
exercise	is	undertaken	in	which	the	Management	reviews	the	relevance	and	adequacy	of	the	existing	insurance	coverage.
InTERnAL AuDIT FunCTIOn
The	Company’s	internal	audit	function	has	been	outsourced	to	an	independent	external	professional	firm,	namely	KPMG	MRC.	
The internal audit function reports to the AC and its role is defined based on an approved, risk-based internal audit plan.
Observations from these audits are presented, together with the Management’s responses and proposed action plans, to the 
AC for its review. The internal audit function also follows up and reports to the AC on the status of action plans implemented 
by the Management based on the recommendations highlighted in the internal audit reports.
During	FY2022,	KPMG	MRC	conducted	three	(3)	internal	audit	cycles	and	reported	its	findings	to	the	AC.	Further	details	of	the	
activities of the internal audit function are provided in the AC Report.
InTERnAL COnTROLS
The other key elements of the Group’s internal control system are as follows:
(a)	 Group Core Values
 The Amway Values set the tone and help nurture a conducive culture of accountability, transparency and integrity,  
which begins at the top and is cascaded across the organisation. The Values provide a shared belief system that governs 
corporate conduct and helps to develop an environment that supports good corporate governance.
(b)	Code of Conduct and Ethics
 The Group maintains a written Code of Conduct and Ethics which, like the Group’s Core Values, helps to provide 
clear	guidelines	on	the	expected	corporate	behaviour	and	practices	in	accordance	with	laws,	policies,	standards	and	
procedures. Employees are obliged to sign a written declaration confirming their compliance with the Group’s Code of 
Conduct and Ethics to promote ethical conduct in the workplace.
(c)	 Whistleblower Policy
 The Group has instituted a Whistleblower Policy with the appropriate channels to facilitate feedback. This allows anyone to 
disclose information pertaining to misconduct or improprieties in a timely as well as safe and secure manner.  
The confidentiality of the whistleblower is assured throughout the process.
 En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman, in his capacity as the AC Chairman, is the designated contact person to whom employees or 
relevant parties can raise their concerns if they suspect any wrongdoing. En. Abd Malik Bin A Rahman may be contacted 
via email at AmwayMalaysiaAuditChair@gmail.com. 
(d)	Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
 The Group adopts a zero-tolerance approach against all forms of bribery and corruption as well as takes a strong 
stance against such acts. The Group is committed to conducting business in an honest and ethical manner, as well as to 
complying with all applicable laws and regulations.
	 The	Group	has	established	a	Group-wide	Anti-Bribery	and	Corruption	(“ABAC”)	Policy	in	line	with	the	Guidelines	on	
Adequate	Procedures	issued	by	the	Prime	Minister’s	Department	and	Subsection	(5)	of	Section	17A	of	the	Malaysian	Anti-
Corruption Commission Act 2009.
STATEMEnT On RISK MAnAGEMEnT AnD InTERnAL COnTROL 
(COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
116

---- Page 119 ----
(d)	Anti-Bribery	and	Corruption	Policy	(Cont’d)
 The ABAC Policy sets out the Group’s position on bribery and corruption in all its forms and provides principles, guidelines, 
and requirements on how to deal with bribery and corrupt practices that may occur within the Group as well as in its 
interactions with its Business Associates. The ABAC Policy applies to the Board of Directors and employees of the Group 
and	Business	Associates	of	the	Group	including	external	parties	performing	work	or	services	for	or	on	behalf	of	the	Group.	
Training is provided to Directors and employees to raise awareness of the Group’s stand on bribery and corruption as well 
as the ABAC Policy.
 The Group’s RMC shall have oversight for the implementation and monitoring of the compliance controls related to the 
ABAC Policy.
(e)	 Authority and Responsibility
 Clearly defined and documented lines and limits of authority, responsibility and accountability have been established 
through the relevant charters/terms of reference, organisational structures and appropriate authority limits. These enhance 
the Group’s ability to achieve its strategies and operational objectives. The divisional structure further enhances the ability 
of each division to focus on its assigned core or support functions within the Group.
(f)	 Written Policies and Procedures
	 Clearly	defined	internal	policies	and	procedures	as	set	out	in	the	Standard	Operating	Procedures	(“SOPs”)	are	regularly	
updated to reflect changing risks or to resolve operational deficiencies. This helps ensure that internal control principles 
and mechanisms are embedded within the Group’s operations. 
 Group policies and procedures are available on the Group’s intranet for easy access by the employees, while compliance 
with the controls set out in the SOPs is reviewed by the internal auditors and the in-house Compliance Officer.
(g)	Planning, Monitoring and Reporting
•	 There	is	an	established	strategic	planning	and	budgeting	process,	requiring	all	functional	divisions	to	prepare	the	
operating and financial budgets for discussion and approval by the Board. The Group’s actual performance versus 
approved budget is reviewed and deliberated on by the Board on a quarterly basis;
•	 The	AC	reviews	the	Group’s	quarterly	financial	results	and	annual	audited	financial	statements,	together	with	the	
Management, and this is subsequently reported to the Board;
•	 Comprehensive	information,	which	includes	the	monthly	management	reports	covering	all	key	financial	and	operational	
indicators, is provided to Key Management for the monitoring of performance against strategic plans;
•	 A	reporting	system	generates	monthly	performance	and	variance	reports	for	review	by	Management	and	the	actions	to	
be taken, where necessary;
•	 Management	meetings	are	held	regularly	to	identify,	discuss	and	resolve	strategic,	operational,	financial	as	well	as	key	
management issues; and
•	 Management	information	systems	with	documented	processes,	including	change	requests	for	computer	programmes	
and access to data files, are also in place.
(h)	 Information Security and Cyber Resilience
	 The	Information	Security	&	Risk	(“ISR”)	Team	has	oversight	for	Amway’s	information	security	and	cyber	resilience	functions.	
The ISR Team has to date adopted the comprehensive information security policies, standards and procedures of Amway 
Global.	These	are	updated	regularly	to	mitigate	the	exposure	of	information	systems	and	data	against	major	potential	
threats such as cyberattacks, fraud and information loss. All these elements align with globally approved ISR policies and 
standards which are reviewed and updated by the global ISR Governance and Change Management Team.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
117

---- Page 120 ----
 To further strengthen the Group’s ability to identify, prevent, detect and respond to information security threats in a timely 
and effective manner, the ISR Team undertakes, among others, the following activities:
•	 Undertakes	vulnerability	assessment	activities	including	system	penetration	tests	for	Amway;
•	 Performs	24x7x365	real-time	threat	monitoring,	alert	analysis	and	response;	and
•	 Conducts	security	impact	assessment	and	vendor	risk	assessment	to	ensure	service	providers	who	handle	data	or	
systems on behalf of Amway have the capabilities to handle the data and information systems securely.
 The Group provides continuous training to employees to raise awareness of information security risks. For the year in 
review, the following activities, among others, were undertaken:
•	 A	mandatory	employee	online	training	session	titled	“Information	Security	–	Just	the	Facts”	which	covered,	among	
other things, phishing emails, working remotely, usage of public Wi-Fi, password security, clean desk policy, business 
email compromise, data privacy, safe web browsing and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard; 
•	 Mandatory	online	people’s	leader	training	on	Offboarding	Employees	which	covers	the	best	practices	around	
employee offboarding and information security; 
•	 A	physical	Security	Day	to	raise	awareness	on	phishing	emails,	data	classification	and	clean	desk	practices;	and
•	 InfoSafe	orientation	for	all	new	employees.
Amway also conducts ongoing internal phishing tests aimed at providing employees with a safe environment for learning 
about the dangers of phishing. At the same time, Amway continues to track susceptibility rates across the organisation.  
As employees undergo realistic security education, they gain awareness about how to identify threats and how to respond 
to these effectively.
The Group has also put in place a cyber liability insurance policy to protect against losses arising from cyber threats.  
In addition, the Group has established privacy policies and procedures to protect personal data and comply with the 
Personal Data Protection Act 2010.
REVIEW OF STATEMEnT BY ExTERnAL AuDITORS
The	External	Auditors,	Ernst	&	Young	PLT,	have	reviewed	this	Statement	for	inclusion	in	the	Annual	Report	2022	of	the	
Company. The review was conducted in accordance with Audit and Assurance Practice Guide 3, Guidance for Auditors on 
Engagements to Report on the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control, issued by the Malaysian Institute of 
Accountants.
The	External	Auditors	have	reported	to	the	Board	that	nothing	has	come	to	their	attention	that	causes	them	to	believe	that	
the Statement is inconsistent with their understanding of the processes adopted by the Board in reviewing the adequacy and 
integrity of the Group’s risk management and internal control system.
COnCLuSIOn
The Board is of the view that the system of internal control and risk management in place for the year under review was sound 
and there was no significant control failure or weakness that would result in material losses, contingencies or uncertainties 
requiring separate disclosure in this Annual Report. The Group continues to take measures to strengthen the internal control 
environment.
The Board has received assurance from the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer that the Group’s risk management 
and internal control system is operating adequately and effectively in all material aspects.
The Board is committed to a process of continuous development and improvement in response to any relevant reviews and 
developments on good governance.
This Statement is made in accordance with the resolution given by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2023.
STATEMEnT On RISK MAnAGEMEnT AnD InTERnAL COnTROL 
(COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
118

---- Page 121 ----
COMPLIAnCE WITH MAIn MARKET 
LISTInG REQuIREMEnTS OF  
BuRSA MALAYSIA SECuRITIES BERHAD
In	compliance	with	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	(“MMLR”)	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad,	the	following	
information is provided:
uTILISATIOn OF PROCEEDS RAISED FROM CORPORATE PROPOSALS
There were no proceeds raised from corporate proposals during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
AuDIT AnD nOn-AuDIT FEES
The	amount	of	audit	and	non-audit	fees	paid	or	payable	by	the	Company	and	the	Group	to	the	External	Auditors	for	the	
financial year ended 31 December 2022 are as follows:
FEES Company (RM) Group (RM)
AUDIT FEES 48,755 343,070
NON-AUDIT FEES 14,678 14,678
MATERIAL COnTRACTS
There were no material contracts entered into by the Company and its subsidiaries involving interests of Directors and major 
shareholders either still subsisting at the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 or entered into since the end of 
the previous financial year.
STATEMEnT OF DIRECTORS’ RESPOnSIBILITY FOR PREPARInG THE AnnuAL AuDITED  
FInAnCIAL STATEMEnTS (“FInAnCIAL STATEMEnTS”)
The	Directors	are	required	by	the	Companies	Act	2016	to	prepare	the	financial	statements	for	each	financial	year	which	have	
been made out in accordance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards 
and,	the	requirements	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	in	Malaysia	so	as	to	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	state	of	affairs	of	the	
Group and the Company at the end of the financial year, and of the results and cash flows of the Group and the Company for 
the financial year.
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors have:
•	 adopted	appropriate	accounting	policies	and	applied	them	consistently;
•	 made	judgements	and	estimates	that	are	prudent	and	reasonable;
•	 ensured	that	applicable	approved	accounting	standards	have	been	followed;	and
•	 prepared	the	financial	statements	on	a	going	concern	basis.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
119

---- Page 122 ----
RECuRREnT RELATED PARTY TRAnSACTIOnS OF A REVEnuE OR TRADInG nATuRE
At	the	Annual	General	Meeting	(“AGM”)	held	on	25	May	2022,	the	Company	obtained	a	shareholders’	mandate	to	allow	the	
Group	to	enter	into	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of	a	revenue	or	trading	nature	(“RRPT”).
In accordance with Practice Note 12 of the MMLR, details of RRPT conducted for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
pursuant to the shareholders’ mandate are as follows:-
Transacting
parties  
Related parties Companies  
within our Group
name of other  
related parties
nature of  
transactions by 
companies within 
our Group
Amount 
transacted
RM’000
Access
Business Group
International LLC
(“ABGIL”)
Amway	(Malaysia)
Sdn. Bhd. 
(“AMSB”)	
Alticor	Global	Holdings	Inc.	(“AGH”),	 
Solstice	Holdings	Inc.	(“SHI”),	 
Alticor	Inc.	(“Alticor”),	 
Amway International Inc.  
(“Amway	International”),	 
Alticor Distribution LLC  
(“Alticor	Distribution”),	 
Alticor Corporate Enterprises Inc. 
(“Alticor	Corporate”),	 
Amway Nederland Ltd.  
(“Amway	Nederland”),	 
Access	Business	Group	LLC	(“ABGL”)	
and	GDA	B.V.	(“GDA”)
Purchase of 
consumer
products from 
ABGIL
522,200
ABGIL AMSB and Amway
(B)	Sdn.	Bhd.
(“ABSB”)
AGH, SHI, Alticor, Amway 
International, Alticor Distribution, 
Alticor Corporate, Amway Nederland, 
ABGL and GDA
Payment of 
Royalty Fees 
to ABGIL on 
any Substitute 
Products and/
or Additional 
Products
4,908
Amway
(Singapore)	Pte.
Ltd.	(“Amway	(S)”)
AMSB AGH, SHI, Alticor, Amway 
International, Amway Nederland  
and GDA
Sale of products 
to	Amway	(S)
60
Notes:
1.	 ABGIL,	a	company	incorporated	in	the	United	States	of	America	(“USA”),	is	85%-owned	by	Alticor	Distribution,	14%-owned	by	Alticor	Corporate	and	1%-owned	
by ABGL. Alticor Distribution, a company incorporated in the USA and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alticor. Alticor Corporate, a company incorporated in the 
USA and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alticor. ABGL, a company incorporated in the USA and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alticor Corporate.
2. Alticor, a company incorporated in the USA, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SHI which in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH.
3. Amway International, a company incorporated in the USA, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alticor.
4.	 Amway	(S),	a	company	incorporated	in	the	Republic	of	Singapore,	is	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	Amway	International.
5. The Company is a 51.70%-owned subsidiary of GDA, a company incorporated in the Netherlands, which in turn is wholly-owned by Amway Nederland.  
Amway Nederland, a company incorporated in the USA, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amway International, which in turn is wholly-owned by Alticor.
COMPLIAnCE WITH MAIn MARKET LISTInG REQuIREMEnTS OF 
BuRSA MALAYSIA SECuRITIES BERHAD (COnT’D)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
120

---- Page 123 ----
Financial 
Statements
Directors’ Report 122
Statement by Directors 126
Statutory Declaration 126
Independent Auditors’ Report 127
Statements of Comprehensive Income 131
Statements of Financial Position 132
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 133
Statement of Changes in Equity 134
Statements of Cash Flows 135
Notes to the Financial Statements 137

---- Page 124 ----
The directors have pleasure in presenting their report together with the audited financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
Principal Activities
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. 
The principal activities of the subsidiaries consist of distribution of consumer products principally under the “Amway” trademark. 
There have been no significant changes in the nature of these activities during the financial year.
Details of the subsidiary companies are disclosed in Note16 to the financial statements.
Results
   Group   Company 
   RM’000 RM’000 
Profit for the year  76,881   40,998 
There were no material transfers to or from reserves or provisions during the financial year other than as disclosed in the 
financial statements.
In the opinion of the directors, the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company during the financial year were not 
substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature.
Dividends
The amounts of dividends paid by the Company since 31 December 2021 were as follows:
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2021 as reported in the directors’ report of that year:
   RM’000 
(i) Fourth interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 5.0 sen per share, on 164,385,645 ordinary shares,  
  declared on 23 February 2022 and paid on 25 March 2022; and  8,219
(ii) Special interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 4.0 sen per share, on 164,385,645 ordinary shares,  
  declared on 23 February 2022 and paid on 25 March 2022.  6,577
    14,796
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022:
   RM’000  
(i) First interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 5.0 sen per share, on164,385,645 ordinary shares,  
  declared on 25 May 2022 and paid on 24 June 2022;  8,219
(ii) Second interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 5.0 sen per share, on 164,385,645 ordinary shares,  
  declared on 24 August 2022 and paid on 23 September 2022; and  8,219
(iii) Third interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 5.0 sen per share, on 164,385,645 ordinary shares,  
  declared on 16 November 2022 and paid on 16 December 2022.  8,219
   24,657
    39,453
On 27 February 2023, the directors declared a fourth interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend in respect of the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022, of 5.0 sen per share on 164,385,645 ordinary shares, amounting to a dividend payable 
of approximately RM8,219,000 and special interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 18.0 sen per share on 164,385,645 
ordinary shares, amounting to a dividend payable of approximately RM29,589,000.
The financial statements for the current financial year do not reflect these dividends. Such dividends will be accounted for in 
equity as an appropriation of retained earnings in the financial year ending 31 December 2023.
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
122


---- Page 125 ----
Directors
The names of the directors of the Company in office since the beginning of the financial year to the date of this report are:
Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir (Chairperson)
Michael Jonathan Duong (Managing Director)
Low Han Kee
Scott Russell Balfour
Dato’ Abdullah Thalith Bin Md. Thani
Abd Malik Bin A Rahman
Datin Seri Azreen Binti Abu Noh
Aida Binti Md Daud
Ho Kim Poi (Appointed on 15 March 2023)
The name of the directors at the Company’s subsidiaries since the beginning of the financial year to the date at this report, 
excluding those who are already listed above are:
Ng Ai Lee
Nur ‘Azizah Binti Ahmad (Appointed on 15 March 2023)
Muhammad Jamil Abas Bin Abdul Ali @ James Chiew Siew Hua (Resigned on 15 March 2023)
Directors’ Benefits
Neither at the end of the financial year, nor at any time during that year, did there subsist any arrangement to which the Company 
was a party, whereby the directors might acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company 
or any other body corporate.
Since the end of the previous financial year, no director has received or become entitled to receive a benefit (other than benefits 
included in the aggregate amount of emoluments received or due and receivable by the directors or the fixed salary of a full time 
employee of the Company as shown below) by reason of a contract made by the Company or a related corporation with any 
director or with a firm of which he is a member, or with a company in which he has a substantial financial interest.
The directors’ benefits are as follows:
   Group   Company 
   RM’000   RM’000 
Executive director
Salaries and other emoluments  1,810   - 
Bonus  1,186   - 
Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind  429   - 
   3,425   - 
Non-executive directors
Fees  525   525 
Allowances  60   60 
Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind  18   18 
   603   603 
Total directors’ remuneration  4,028   603
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
123

---- Page 126 ----
Indemnities to Directors and Officers
The Company maintained a Directors’ and Officers’ Liability insurance in respect of any legal action taken against the directors 
and officers in the discharge of their duties while holding office for the Company and for the Group. The total amount of 
insurance premium effected for any director and officer of the Company or the Group as at the financial year end was RM20,486 
and the total amount of sum insured was RM41,820,000. The directors and officers shall not be indemnified by such insurance 
for any deliberate negligence, fraud, intentional breach of law or breach of trust proven against them.
Directors’ Interests
According to the register of directors’ shareholdings, none of the directors in office at the end of the financial year had any 
interest in shares in the Company and its subsidiary companies during the financial year except for the following:
   Number of ordinary shares
   As At    As At 
  1.1.2022  Acquired  Sold  31.12.2022 
Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad
Abd Malik Bin A Rahman 1,000  -   -   1,000 
Amway (B) Sdn. Bhd.
Michael Jonathan Duong^ 1  -   -   1 
^ As a director of Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., Michael Jonathan Duong holds 1 ordinary share in Amway (B) Sdn. Bhd. on 
behalf of Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. in order to comply with the Laws of Brunei Chapter 39 Companies Act which requires 
a minimum of 2 shareholders.
Immediate, Ultimate and Penultimate Holding Companies
The immediate holding company is GDA B.V., a company incorporated in Netherlands. The ultimate and penultimate holding 
companies are Alticor Global Holdings Inc. and Alticor Inc. respectively. Both companies are incorporated in the United States 
of America.
Other Statutory Information
(a) Before the statements of comprehensive income and statements of financial position of the Group and of the Company 
were made out, the directors took reasonable steps:
(i) to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the making of allowance 
for doubtful debts and satisfied themselves that all known bad debts had been written off and that adequate 
allowance had been made for doubtful debts; and
(ii) to ensure that any current assets which were unlikely to realise their value as shown in the accounting records in the 
ordinary course of business had been written down to an amount which they might be expected so to realise.
(b) At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances which would render:
(i) the amount written off for bad debts or the amount of the allowance for doubtful debts in the financial statements of 
the Group and of the Company inadequate to any substantial extent; and
(ii) the values attributed to the current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company misleading.
(c) At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances which have arisen which would render 
adherence to the existing method of valuation of assets or liabilities of the Group and of the Company misleading or 
inappropriate.
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
124


---- Page 127 ----
Other Statutory Information (contd.)
(d) At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt with in this report or 
financial statements of the Group and of the Company which would render any amount stated in the financial statements 
misleading.
(e) As at the date of this report, there does not exist:
(i) any charge on the assets of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year which 
secures the liabilities of any other person; or
(ii) any contingent liability of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year.
(f) In the opinion of the directors:
(i) no contingent or other liability has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable within the period of 
twelve months after the end of the financial year which will or may affect the ability of the Group or of the Company 
to meet their obligations when they fall due; and
(ii) no item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature has arisen in the interval between the end of the 
financial year and the date of this report which is likely to affect substantially the results of the operations of the 
Group or of the Company for the financial year in which this report is made.
Auditors and Auditors’ Remuneration
The auditors, Ernst & Y oung PLT, have expressed their willingness to continue in office.
   Group   Company 
   RM’000   RM’000 
Statutory 343 49
Other services 15 15
   358 64 
Indemnification of Auditors
To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to indemnify its auditors, Ernst & Y oung PLT, as part of the terms of its 
audit engagement against claims by third parties arising from the audit. No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst & Y oung 
PLT during the financial year.
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 6 April 2023.
Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir Michael Jonathan Duong
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
125

---- Page 128 ----
We, Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir and Michael Jonathan Duong, being two of the directors of Amway (Malaysia) Holdings 
Berhad, do hereby state that, in the opinion of the directors, the accompanying financial statements set out on pages 131 to 177 
are drawn up in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the 
requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and 
of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of their financial performance and cash flows for the financial year then ended.
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 6 April 2023.
Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir Michael Jonathan Duong
STATUTORY DEClARATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(1)(B) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016
I, Ng Ai Lee, being the officer primarily responsible for the financial management of Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad, do 
solemnly and sincerely declare that the accompanying financial statements set out on pages 131 to 177 are in my opinion 
correct, and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true and by virtue of the provisions of the 
Statutory Declarations Act, 1960.
Subscribed and solemnly declared 
by the abovenamed Ng Ai Lee 
at Petaling Jaya in Selangor Darul Ehsan Ng Ai lee 
on 6 April 2023 MIA no. 16684
Before me,
STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS
PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(2) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
126


---- Page 129 ----
Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad, which comprise the statements of financial 
position as at 31 December 2022 of the Group and of the Company, and statements of comprehensive income, statements of 
changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the year then ended, and notes to the 
financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, as set out on pages 131 to 177 .
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of 
the Company as at 31 December 2022, and of their financial performance and their cash flows for the year then ended in 
accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of 
the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing. 
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our audit opinion.
Independence and other ethical responsibilities
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and 
Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“By-Laws”) and the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants 
(including International Independence Standards) (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company for the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is 
provided in that context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section 
of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to 
respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, 
including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis of our audit opinion on the accompanying 
financial statements.
Revenue
(Refer to Notes 2.12, 4 to the financial statements)
The Group’s revenue is derived from its operation in the distribution of consumer products where the revenue is made up of a 
large volume of individually insignificant transactions. 
Our audit procedures included, amongst others:
(a) Involved our information technology specialists to test the IT General Controls of the sales ordering system;
(b) Tested the accuracy of data interface between the sales ordering system and the general ledger to ensure the completeness 
and accuracy of revenue recognised;
(c) Analysed the three-way relationship between revenue, receivable and cash and performed procedures to corroborate the 
occurrence of revenue by tracing sample of sales to cash receipts;
(d) Performed controls testing over the Group’s revenue and cash collections processes; and
(e) Performed substantive procedures including review of the Group’s revenue recognition policies, cut-off test, review of 
credit memos and its compliance with MFRS 15.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF AMwAY (MAlAYSIA) HOlDINGS BERHAD
(INCORPORATED IN MAlAYSIA)
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
127

---- Page 130 ----
Key audit matters (contd.)
Commissions, incentives, seminars and bonuses
(Refer to Notes 2.17, 24(c) to the financial statements)
These are the significant cost elements in the Group’s financial statements and the Group offers various commissions, incentives, 
seminars and bonuses to its Amway Business Owners (“ABOs”) as part of its sales and marketing strategy. As at 31 December 
2022, the total related accruals of the Group amounted to RM181,839,000 representing 62% and 60% of current liabilities and 
total liabilities respectively.  
Our audit procedures included, amongst others:
(a) Tested the IT General Controls and application controls of the bonus system;
(b) Tested the completeness and accuracy of the data interfaced from bonus system to general ledger;
(c) Reviewed the estimation process and management’s assessment to ensure it is supportable and appropriate; and 
(d) Traced the accruals of the bonus and commission to payment subsequent to year end.
Inventories
(Refer to Notes 2.7, 18 to the financial statements)
As of 31 December 2022, the total inventories of the Group amounted to RM213,155,000 representing 48% and 38% of current 
assets and total assets respectively. 
Our audit procedures included, amongst others:
(a) Attended and observed the inventory counts at selected warehouse and shops and performed inventory roll-forward 
procedures when the inventory counts were performed before financial year end; and 
(b) Performed costing and net realisable value (NRV) test to ensure that inventories were correctly valued and stated at lower 
of cost or net realisable value at the reporting date. 
Information other than the financial statements and auditors’ report thereon
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Directors’ Report, 
but does not include the financial statements of the Group and of the Company and our auditors’ report thereon, which we 
obtained prior to the date of this auditors’ report, and the annual report, which is expected to be made available to us after the 
date of this auditors’ report.
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not 
and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements of 
the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditors’ report, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to 
report in this regard.
When we read the annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate 
the matter to the directors of the Company and take appropriate action.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF AMwAY (MAlAYSIA) HOlDINGS BERHAD
(INCORPORATED IN MAlAYSIA)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
128


---- Page 131 ----
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting 
Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. The directors are also responsible for such internal 
control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s 
and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing,  
we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•	 Identify	 and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
•	 Obtain	 an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the	audit	in	order	to	design	audit	procedures	that	are	appropriate	
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the 
Company’s internal control;
•	 Evaluate	 the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and	the	reasonableness	of	accounting	estimates	and	related	
disclosures made by the directors;
•	 Conclude	 on	the	appropriateness	of	the	directors’	use	of	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	and,	based	on	the	audit	
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the Group’s or the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the financial statements of the Group 
and of the Company or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group or the 
Company to cease to continue as a going concern;
•	 Evaluate	 the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	
including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation; and
•	 Obtain	 sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or	business	activities	within	
the Group to express an opinion on the financial statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF AMwAY (MAlAYSIA) HOlDINGS BERHAD
(INCORPORATED IN MAlAYSIA)
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
129

---- Page 132 ----
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, 
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, 
and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the 
financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely 
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences 
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other matters
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act 
2016 in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.
Ernst & Young PlT Edwin Joseph Francis
202006000003 (LLP0022760-LCA) & AF 0039 No. 03370/05/2024 J
Chartered Accountants Chartered Accountant
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
6 April 2023 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF AMwAY (MAlAYSIA) HOlDINGS BERHAD
(INCORPORATED IN MAlAYSIA)
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
130


---- Page 133 ----
 Group  Company
   2022   2021   2022   2021 
   Note  RM’000 RM’000  RM’000 RM’000 
Revenue 4  1,514,774   1,485,912   41,534  45,084
Cost of sales 5  (1,204,020)  (1,219,619)  -   - 
Gross profit    310,754   266,293   41,534   45,084 
Other income 6  4,744   3,824   1,778  1,495
Distribution expenses   (71,579)  (69,724)  -   - 
Selling and administrative expenses   (140,214)  (150,065)  (1,880) (1,890)
Finance costs 7  (603)  (600)  -   - 
Profit before tax 8  103,102   49,728   41,432   44,689 
Income tax expense 11  (26,221)  (12,947)  (434) (337)
Profit net of tax, representing profit  
attributable to owners of the parent   76,881   36,781   40,998   44,352 
Other comprehensive income:
Foreign currency translation, representing  
other comprehensive income 
for the year, net of tax   327   95   -   - 
Total comprehensive income for the year, 
 attributable to owners of the parent   77,208   36,876   40,998   44,352 
Earnings per share attributable to owners  
of the parent (sen per share)
- Basic and diluted 12  46.77   22.37 
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIvE INCOME
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
131

---- Page 134 ----
 Group  Company
   2022   2021   2022   2021 
   Note  RM’000 RM’000  RM’000 RM’000 
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 14  52,343   53,769   -   - 
Intangible assets 15  10,524   20,167   -   - 
Right-of-use assets 25  7,846   9,152   -   - 
Investment in subsidiaries 16  -   -   86,202   86,202 
Deferred tax assets 17  41,691   40,765   -   - 
    112,404   123,853   86,202   86,202 
Current assets
Inventories  18  213,155   150,019   -   - 
Tax recoverable   -   85   -   85 
Trade and other receivables 19  48,057   25,272   92   28 
Contract assets 20  862   483   -   - 
Cash and cash equivalents 21  180,303   236,840   90,015   88,539 
    442,377   412,699   90,107   88,652 
Total assets   554,781   536,552   176,309   174,854 
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Share capital 22  166,436   166,436   166,436   166,436 
Foreign currency translation reserve   1,052   725   -   - 
Retained earnings 23  86,195   48,767   9,344   7,799 
Total equity attributable to owners  
of the parent   253,683   215,928   175,780   174,235 
Non-current liabilities
Contract liabilities          20 554 - - -
Lease liabilities 25  5,085   6,298   -   - 
    5,639   6,298   -   - 
Current liabilities 
Trade and other payables  24  261,301   276,272   515   619 
Contract liabilities 20 25,913  22,805   -   - 
Lease liabilities 25  3,282   3,182   -   - 
Current tax payable   4,963   12,067   14   - 
   295,459  314,326   529   619 
Total liabilities   301,098   320,624   529   619 
Total equity and liabilities   554,781   536,552   176,309   174,854 
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAl POSITION
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
132


---- Page 135 ----
 Attributable to equity holders of the Company 
 <--- Non-distributable --->  Distributable 
   Foreign 
    currency 
   Share   translation   Retained   Total 
   capital   reserve   earnings   equity 
   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000 
Group
At 1 January 2022  166,436   725   48,767   215,928 
Total comprehensive income  -   327   76,881   77,208 
Transaction with owners
Dividends on ordinary shares (Note 13)  -   -   (39,453) (39,453)
At 31 December 2022  166,436   1,052   86,195   253,683 
At 1 January 2021  166,436   630   57,191   224,257 
Total comprehensive income  -   95   36,781   36,876 
Transaction with owners
Dividends on ordinary shares (Note 13)  -   -   (45,205) (45,205)
At 31 December 2021  166,436   725   48,767   215,928 
CONSOlIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES 
IN EqUITY
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
133

---- Page 136 ----
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EqUITY
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
   Non- 
   distributable   Distributable 
   Share   Retained   Total 
   capital   earnings   equity 
   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000 
Company
At 1 January 2022  166,436   7,799   174,235 
Total comprehensive income  -   40,998   40,998 
Transaction with owners
Dividends on ordinary shares (Note 13)  -   (39,453) (39,453)
At 31 December 2022  166,436   9,344   175,780 
At 1 January 2021  166,436   8,652   175,088 
Total comprehensive income  -   44,352   44,352 
Transaction with owners
Dividends on ordinary shares (Note 13)  -   (45,205) (45,205)
At 31 December 2021  166,436   7,799   174,235
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
134


---- Page 137 ----
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
    RM’000   RM’000   RM’000    RM’000 
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax  103,102   49,728   41,432   44,689 
Adjustments for:
Property, plant and equipment
- depreciation (Note 14)  4,507   4,630   -   - 
- gain on disposals (Note 6)  (162)  (23)  -   - 
- written off (Note 8)  57   70   -   - 
Intangible assets 
- amortisation (Note 15)  8,836   8,703   -   - 
- written off (Note 8)  1,312   -   -  -
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 25)  3,628   3,351   -   - 
Gain on lease modification (Note 25)  -   (2)  -   - 
Finance costs (Note 7)  603   600   -   - 
Interest income (Note 6)  (4,558)  (3,763)  (1,778) (1,495)
Dividend income (Note 4)  -   -   (41,534) (45,084)
Net allowance of expected credit loss (Note 19)  138   55   -   - 
Net allowance/(reversal) for inventory obsolescence 
(Note 8)  213   (3,045)  -   - 
Inventories written-off (Note 8)  4,244   3,965   -   - 
Net changes in provision for assurance-type  
warranties (Note 24)  2,341   3,233   -   - 
Unrealised foreign exchange loss/(gain) (Note 8)  104   (56)  -   - 
Operating profit/(loss) before working capital changes  124,365   67,446   (1,880) (1,890)
(Increase)/decrease inventories  (67,593)  11,487   -   - 
(Increase)/decrease in receivables and contract assets  (23,555)  8,165   (64) (8)
Increase/(decrease) in payables and contract liabilities  6,770   45,868   (104)  484 
Net changes in related companies balances  (20,200)  12,197   -   - 
Net changes in penultimate holding company balance  2   (6,850)  -   - 
Cash generated from/(used in) operations  19,789   138,313   (2,048) (1,414)
Finance cost paid  (505)  (496)  -   - 
Tax refunded  64   -   64   - 
Tax paid (34,226)  (23,838)  (399) (358)
Real property gains tax (“RPGT”) paid  -   (183)  -   - 
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities (14,878)  113,796   (2,383) (1,772)
STATEMENTS OF CASH FlOwS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
135

---- Page 138 ----
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
    RM’000   RM’000   RM’000    RM’000 
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (Note 14)  (3,138)  (1,561)  -   - 
Purchase of intangible assets (Note 15)  (505)  (4,495)  -   - 
Proceeds from disposals of property,  
plant and equipment  162   23   -   - 
Dividend received (Note 4)  -   -   41,534   45,084 
Interest received (Note 6)  4,558   3,763   1,778   1,495 
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities  1,077   (2,270)  43,312   46,579 
Cash flows from financing activities
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities 
(Note 25)  (3,612)  (3,274)  -   - 
Dividends paid (Note 13)  (39,453)  (45,205)  (39,453) (45,205)
Net cash used in financing activities  (43,065)  (48,479)  (39,453) (45,205)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (56,866)  63,047   1,476  (398)
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes 329  95   -   - 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  236,840   173,698  88,539 88,937
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year (Note 21)  180,303   236,840   90,015   88,539 
     
STATEMENTS OF CASH FlOwS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
136


---- Page 139 ----
1. Corporate information 
Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad (“”the Company””) is a public limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in 
Malaysia, and is listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. The registered office of the Company is 
located at Unit 30-01, Level 30, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No.8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The principal place of business of the Company is located at 28, Jalan 223, 46100 Petaling Jaya, 
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia.
The immediate holding company is GDA B.V., a company incorporated in Netherlands. The ultimate and penultimate 
holding companies are Alticor Global Holdings Inc. and Alticor Inc. respectively. Both companies are incorporated in the 
United States of America.
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries consist of distribution 
of consumer products principally under the “Amway” trademark. 
There have been no significant changes in the nature of these principal activities during the financial year.
The financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 were authorised for issue by the Board of 
Directors in accordance with a resolution of the directors on 6 April 2023.
2. Summary of significant accounting policies
2.1 Basis of preparation
The financial statements of the Group and the Company have been prepared in accordance with Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standards (“”MFRS””) and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. These 
financial statements also comply with the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board.
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except as disclosed in the accounting 
policies below. The financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia (“RM”) and all values are rounded to the 
nearest thousand (RM’000) except when otherwise indicated.
2.2 Standards and Interpretations issued and adopted
On 1 January 2022, the Group and the Company adopted the following amended MFRS mandatory for annual 
financial periods beginning on or after the dates stated below:
Effective for annual periods on or after 
Amendments to MFRS 3: Reference to Conceptual Framework 1 January 2022
Amendments to MFRS 116: Proceeds Before Intended Use 1 January 2022
Annual Improvements to MFRS: MFRS 1 First time adoption of  
International Financial Reporting Standards – Subsidiary as a first-time adopter  1 January 2022
Annual Improvements to MFRS: MFRS 9 Financial Instruments 
– Fees in the ‘10 percent test’ for derecognition of financial liabilities  1 January 2022
Annual Improvements to MFRS: MFRS 141 Agriculture  
– Taxation in fair value measurements  1 January 2022
Amendments to MFRS 137: Onerous Contracts  
– Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1 January 2022
The adoption of the above standards and interpretation did not have any impact on the financial statements of the 
Group and Company.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
137

---- Page 140 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.3 Standards issued but not yet effective
The standards that are issued but not yet effective up to the date of issuance of the Group and the Company’s 
financial statements are disclosed below. The Group and the Company intend to adopt these standards, if applicable, 
when they become effective.
Description Effective for annual periods on or after
MFRS 17 and Amendments to MFRS 17: Insurance Contracts 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 101 and MFRS Practice Statement 2:  
Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 108: Definition of Accounting Estimates 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 112: Deferred Tax related to Assets and  
Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 16: Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 101: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 101: Non-Current Liabilities with Covenants 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 10 and MFRS 128: Sales or Contribution of Assets  
between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  Deferred 
The new MFRSs and Amendments to MFRSs above are expected to have no significant impact on the financial 
statements of the Group and the Company upon their initial application except for the changes in presentation and 
disclosures of financial information arising from the adoption of the above new MFRSs and Amendments to MFRSs.
2.4 Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at 
the reporting date. The financial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements are prepared for the same reporting date as the Company. Consistent accounting policies are applied for 
like transactions and events in similar circumstances. The Company controls an investee if and only if the Company 
has all the following:
(i)  Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the 
investee); 
(ii)  Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its investment with the investee; and
(iii) The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, the Company considers the following 
in assessing whether or not the Company’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power over the 
investee:
(i)  The size of the Company’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other 
vote holders;
(ii)  Potential voting rights held by the Company, other vote holders or other parties;
(iii) Rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
(iv) Any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Company has, or does not have, the current 
ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at 
previous shareholders’ meetings.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
138


---- Page 141 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Basis of consolidation (contd.)
Subsidiaries are consolidated when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Company 
loses control of the subsidiary. All intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses 
resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as 
unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.
Losses within a subsidiary are attributed to the non-controlling interests even if that results in a deficit balance.
Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the 
subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s interests and the non-
controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. The resulting 
difference is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate 
of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying 
amount of the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interest, is recognised in profit or 
loss. The subsidiary’s cumulative gain or loss which has been recognised in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss or where applicable, transferred directly to retained earnings. 
The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date control is lost is regarded as the cost 
on initial recognition of the investment.
(a) Business combinations
Acquisitions of subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is 
measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred, measured at acquisition date fair value and the 
amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree. The Group elects on a transaction-by-transaction basis 
whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree either at fair value or at the proportionate 
share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition related costs incurred are expensed and included 
in administrative expenses.
When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate 
classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent 
conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts 
by the acquiree.
Contingent consideration, resulted from business combinations, is valued at fair value at the acquisition date. 
Contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for 
within equity. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within 
the scope of MFRS 9 Financial Instruments, is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised 
in profit or loss in accordance with MFRS 9. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of  
MFRS 9 is measured at fair value at each reporting date with change in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer’s previously held 
equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date through profit or loss. 
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and 
the amount recognised for non-controlling interests over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed. If this consideration is lower than fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference 
is recognised in profit or loss. The accounting policy for goodwill is set out in Note 2.5(a).
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
139

---- Page 142 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Basis of consolidation (contd.)
(b) Subsidiaries
A subsidiary is an entity over which the Group has all the following:
(i)  Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities 
of the investee);
(ii)  Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its investment with the investee; and
(iii) The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
In the Company’s separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less 
impairment losses. The policy for the recognition and measurement of impairment losses is in accordance with 
Note 2.14. On disposal of such investments, the difference between net disposal proceeds and their carrying 
amounts is included in profit or loss.
2.5 Intangible assets
(a) Goodwill
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and 
the amount recognised for non-controlling interest over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed. If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, 
the gain is recognised in profit or loss.
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose 
of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to 
each of the Group’s cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of 
whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.
Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit and part of the operation within that unit is 
disposed of, the goodwill associated with the disposed operation is included in the carrying amount of the 
operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal. Goodwill disposed in this circumstance is measured 
based on the relative values of the disposed operation and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.
(b) Other intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured initially at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in 
a business combination is their fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial acquisition, intangible 
assets are measured at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. 
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over the estimated useful lives and assessed for 
impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period 
and the amortisation method are reviewed at each reporting date. Changes in the expected useful life or 
the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for 
by changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting 
estimates. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in profit or loss. 
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives or not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually, 
or more frequently if the events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired either 
individually or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of 
an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is reviewed annually to determine whether the useful life 
assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite to finite is made on a 
prospective basis. 
Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss when the asset 
is derecognised. 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
140


---- Page 143 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.5 Intangible assets (contd.)
(b) Other intangible assets (contd.)
(i) Computer software
Computer software that does not form an integral part of the related hardware is classified as intangible 
assets. Software considered to have finite useful lives, are stated at cost less any impairment losses 
and are amortised using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products of 
3 years. Impairment is assessed whenever there is an indication of impairment and amortisation period 
and the amortisation method are also reviewed at each reporting date. 
(ii) Research and development - Internally developed software
Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development expenditures on an individual project are 
recognised as an intangible asset when the Group can demonstrate:
- the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that the asset will be available for use 
or sale;
- its intention to complete and its ability and intention to use or sell the asset;
- how the asset will generate future economic benefits; 
- the availability of resources to complete the asset; and
- the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during development.
Other development expenditures which do not meet the above criteria are recognised as an expense 
as incurred. Developments costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset 
in subsequent period. 
Capitalised development cost recognised as intangible assets are amortised from the point at which the 
asset is ready for use on a straight-line basis over its useful life. 
Following initial recognition of the development expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at cost less 
any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation of the asset begins 
when development is complete and the asset is available for use. It is amortised over the period of 
expected future benefit. During the period of development, the asset is tested for impairment annually.
The estimated useful life of capitalised development costs is as follows:
Capitalised development costs  3 years
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
141

---- Page 144 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.6 Property, plant and equipment and depreciation 
All items of property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. The cost of an item of plant and equipment 
is recognised as an asset if, and only if, it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow 
to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. 
Subsequent to recognition, property, plant and equipment is measured at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and accumulated impairment losses. When significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be 
replaced in intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciation, 
respectively. Likewise, when a major inspection is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the 
plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All other repair and maintenance costs 
are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. 
Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:
Long term leasehold land  Ranging approximately 64 to 65 years
Buildings 2.50%
Building improvements 6.67%
Leasehold fixtures and improvements 33.33%
Furniture, fittings & equipment 10% - 20%
Motor vehicle 33.33%
Capital work in progress mainly comprises renovation which have not been completed. Capital work in progress is 
not depreciated as these assets are not yet available for use. 
The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that the carrying values may not be recoverable. 
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on derecognition of the asset is included in the profit or loss in 
the year the asset is derecognised.
The residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each reporting date, and adjusted 
prospectively, if appropriate. 
2.7 Inventories 
Inventories are stated at lower of cost and net realisable value. 
Cost is determined using the first in, first out method. The cost comprises purchase price of inventories plus the cost 
of bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. 
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
142


---- Page 145 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.8 l eases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
(a) Group as a lessee 
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases 
and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use 
assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.
(i) Right-of-use assets
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the 
underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated 
depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost 
of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and 
lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-
use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated 
useful lives of the assets, as follows:
Premises   2 to 9 years 
Other equipment  2 to 6 years 
If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the 
exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset. The 
right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment. The accounting policy of impairment of non-financial 
assets is disclosed in Note 2.14.
(ii) l ease liabilities
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present 
value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments 
(including in substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments 
that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. 
The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be 
exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the 
Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a 
rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which 
the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the 
lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. 
After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of 
interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is 
remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., 
changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease 
payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
143

---- Page 146 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.8 l eases (contd.) 
(a) Group as a lessee (contd.)
(ii) l ease liabilities (contd.)
Reassessment of lease liabilities
For any potential future increases in variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, these are 
not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on 
an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is remeasured and adjusted against the right-of-use assets.
The Group applied practical expedient to account for a COVID-19 related rent concession that meets all 
of the following conditions in the same way as they would if they were not lease modification: 
(i) the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the 
same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change; 
(ii) any reduction in lease payments affects only payments due on or before 30 June 2022; and 
(iii) there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.
The Group accounts for COVID-19 related rent concession as a variable lease payment in the period in 
which the event or condition that triggers the reduced payment occurs. Impacts of rent concessions are 
presented within operating expenses.
(iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of premises and 
other equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement 
date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition 
exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-
term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the 
lease term.
(b) Group as a lessor 
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of 
an asset are classified as operating leases. Rental income arising is accounted for on a straight-line basis over 
the lease terms. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the 
carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. 
Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
144


---- Page 147 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.9 Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable 
that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable 
estimate of the amount can be made. Provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the 
current best estimate. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a 
current pre-tax rate that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, the 
increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as finance cost.
(a) Provision for restoration cost
The Group records a provision for restoration costs of renovation performed on rented premises. Restoration 
costs are provided for at the present value of expected costs to settle the obligation using estimated cash 
flows. The cash flows are discounted at a current pre-tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the restoration 
liability. The unwinding of the discount is expensed as incurred and recognised in profit or loss as a finance 
cost. The estimated future costs of restoration are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate. 
(b) Provision for warranty
The Group provides warranties for general repairs of products sold to ABOs that are not functioning as 
intended. Provisions related to these assurance-type warranties are recognised when the product is sold. 
The amount of provision of warranty claims will be charged to profit or loss and any unutilised portion of the 
warranty provision will subsequently be reversed when the warranty period is over. Sales of products which 
are not under “Amway” trademark are exempted from any warranty provision as the warranties are provided 
by the manufacturers. 
2.10 Income taxes
(a) Current income tax
Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the tax 
authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively 
enacted, at the reporting date in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income.
Current taxes are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognised 
outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. 
(b) Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the reporting date between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences, except:
- where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in 
a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the 
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, where the timing 
of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary 
differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
145

---- Page 148 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.10 Income taxes (contd.)
(b) Deferred tax (contd.)
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which 
the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can 
be utilised except: 
- where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial 
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of 
the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and 
- in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax 
assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in 
the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can 
be utilised. 
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it 
is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset 
to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to 
the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax assets to be utilised. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when 
the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss. Deferred 
tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income 
or directly in equity and deferred tax arising from a business combination is adjusted against goodwill on 
acquisition. 
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current 
tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same 
tax authority. 
2.11 Sales and services tax (“SST”)
SST incurred in purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, hence SST is recognised 
as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or part of the expense item as applicable. 
Receivables and payables are stated with the amount of SST. The payable amount of SST to the taxation authority is 
included as part of payables in the statement of financial position.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
146


---- Page 149 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.12 Revenue from contracts with customers and other income
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services is transferred to the 
customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for 
those goods or services. The Group has generally concluded that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements, 
because it typically controls the goods or services before transferring them to the customers.
(a) Sale of consumable products
Revenue from sales of goods is recognised net of discounts and personal effort related incentives on volume 
purchase at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on the delivery 
of the goods. Revenue is not recognised to the extent where there are significant uncertainties regarding 
recovery of the consideration due, associated costs or the possible return of goods.
(i) v ariable consideration
The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable 
that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when 
the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The contracts with 
customers provide a right of return. The Group also provides personal effort related incentives to ABOs 
based on volume purchase. These give rise to variable consideration.
•	 Rights	of	return
The contract for sales of product provides customer with a right to return the products within a 
specified period. The Group uses the most likely amount method to estimate the goods that will be 
returned because this method better predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the 
Group will be entitled. For goods that are expected to be returned, the Group recognises a refund 
liability. As the Group does not anticipate the returned goods are in saleable condition and will 
bring any value to the Group, no value is estimated for the right of return asset.
•	 Incentives	to	ABOs
The incentives paid or payable to the ABOs are broadly categorised into two types, i.e. group 
effort related incentives and personal effort related incentives on volume purchase. The Group 
had considered the personal effort related incentives on volume purchase to be a reduction of 
transaction price, whilst group effort related incentives is a consideration paid to or payable to 
ABOs for the provision of distinct services. 
(ii) Significant financing component
Cash sales
For cash sales, payment of the transaction price is due immediately when the goods are delivered to the 
customer. Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract, net of 
rebates and discounts.
Credit sales
The Group is using the practical expedient in MFRS 15 for not adjusting any financing component for the 
sales on credit term of less than 12 months. 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
147

---- Page 150 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.12 Revenue from contracts with customers and other income (contd.)
(a) Sale of consumable products (contd.)
(iii) Option to acquire future goods at discounted price
The sales and marketing plan of the Group includes offering coupons to the customers for their future 
acquisition of goods at discounted price. As the option provides a material right to the customers that 
they would not receive without entering into the contract, it is considered a separate performance 
obligation. As such, the Group only recognises the allocated revenue when those future goods are 
transferred or the option expires.
The Group also has an Amway Privileged Customers (“APCs”) loyalty points programme, which allows 
APCs to accumulate points that can be redeemed for future goods at a discounted price. The loyalty 
points give rise to a separate performance obligation as they provide a material right to the customer.
A portion of the transaction price is allocated to the loyalty points awarded to customers based on 
relative stand-alone price and recognised as a contract liability until the points are redeemed. Revenue 
is recognised upon redemption of products by the customer. 
(b) Revenue from sign up and renewals 
Revenue from component of registration fees and sales kits from the sign up package is recognised upon the 
transfer of control of goods and services, whilst the annual fees component is recognised over the period of 
subscription. The renewal fees is recognised over the period of subscription.
(c) w arranty obligations
The Group provides warranties for general repairs of products sold to customers that are not functioning as 
intended. Provisions related to these assurance-type warranties are recognised when the product is sold. The 
accounting policy for provision for warranty is set out in Note 2.9(b).
The Group also provides an extended warranty beyond fixing defects that existed at the time of sale. These 
service-type warranties are bundled together with the sale of goods. Contracts for bundled sales of goods 
and service-type warranty comprise two performance obligations because the promise to transfer the goods 
and to provide service-type warranty are capable of being distinct within the context of the contract. Using 
the relative stand-alone selling price method, a portion of the transaction price is allocated to the service-type 
warranty and recognised as a contract liability. Revenue for service-type warranties is recognised over the 
period in which the service is provided based on the time elapsed. 
(d) Interest income
Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method.
(e) Dividend income 
Dividend income is recognised when the Group or the Company’s right to receive payment is established.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
148


---- Page 151 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.13 Foreign currencies
(a) Functional and presentation currencies
The individual financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency of the primary 
economic environment in which the entity operates (“the functional currency”). The Group’s consolidated 
financial statements are presented in RM, which is also the Company’s functional currency.  
(b) Transactions and balances 
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Group entities at their respective functional 
currency spot rate at the date the transaction first qualifies for recognition.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency spot 
rate of exchange ruling at the reporting date. 
Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss with the 
exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net investment of a 
foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net investment is disposed 
of, at which time, the cumulative amount is classified to profit or loss. Tax charges and credits attributable to 
exchange differences on those monetary items are also recorded in other comprehensive income.
Non-monetary items that are measured using the historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using 
the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a 
foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined. The 
gain or loss arising on translation of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated in line with the 
recognition of gain or loss on change in fair value in the item (i.e., the translation differences on items whose 
fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss are also recognised in 
other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).
(c) Foreign operation 
On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated into RM at the rate of exchange 
prevailing at the reporting date and their income statements are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the 
dates of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on translation for consolidation are recognised 
in other comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive 
income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.
The principal exchange rates used for every unit of foreign currency ruling at the reporting date are as follows:
  2022   2021 
  RM   RM 
United States Dollar 4.4130 4.1640
Thailand Baht 0.1278 0.1250
Singapore Dollar 3.2819 3.0854
Brunei Dollar 3.2819 3.0854
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
149

---- Page 152 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.14 Impairment of non-financial assets
The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any 
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset’s 
recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating unit’s (“CGU”) fair 
value less costs to sell and its value in use. Recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the 
asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. 
When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and 
is written down to its recoverable amount.
Impairment losses of continuing operations are recognised in profit or loss in expense categories consistent with the 
function of the impaired asset, except for a property previously revalued when the revaluation was taken to other 
comprehensive income. In this case, the impairment is also recognised in other comprehensive income up to the 
amount of any previous revaluation.
For assets excluding goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date to determine whether there is an 
indication that previously recognised impairment losses no longer exist or have decreased. If such indication exists, 
the Group estimates the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed 
only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last 
impairment loss was recognised. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its 
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no 
impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in profit or loss unless the 
asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case, the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase.
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually and when circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.
Impairment test for goodwill is performed by assessing the recoverable amount of each CGU (or group of CGUs) 
to which the goodwill relates to. When the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than its carrying amount, an 
impairment loss is recognised. Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.
2.15 Employee benefits
(a) Short term benefits
Wages, salaries, bonuses and social security contributions are recognised as an expense in the year in which 
the associated services are rendered by employees of the Group. Short term accumulating compensated 
absences such as paid annual leave are recognised when services are rendered by employees that increase 
their entitlement to future compensated absences. Short term non-accumulating compensated absences such 
as sick leave are recognised when the absences occur.
(b) Defined contribution plans 
Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group pays fixed contributions 
into separate entities or funds and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further contributions if 
any of the fund do not hold sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee services in the 
current and preceding financial years.
The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which it 
has operations. The Malaysian companies in the Group make contributions to the Employee Provident Fund 
in Malaysia, a defined contribution pension scheme. The Group’s foreign subsidiary company also makes 
contributions to their respective country’s statutory pension schemes. Contributions to defined contribution 
pension schemes are recognised as an expense in the period in which the related service is performed.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
150


---- Page 153 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.16 Financial assets
(a) Initial recognition and measurement 
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value 
through other comprehensive income (“OCI”), and fair value through profit or loss. 
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow 
characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that 
do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient, 
the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair 
value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing 
component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price 
determined under MFRS 15.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs 
to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”)’ on the principal amount 
outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.  
The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in 
order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting 
contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. 
(b) Subsequent measurement  
For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in four categories: 
•	 Financial	assets	at	amortised	cost	(debt	instruments)	
•	 Financial	 assets	at	fair	value	through	OCI	with	recycling	of	cumulative	gains	and	losses	(debt	instruments)	
•	 Financial	 assets	designated	at	fair	value	through	OCI	with	no	recycling	of	cumulative	gains	and	losses	
upon derecognition (equity instruments) 
•	 Financial	assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss
(i) Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments) 
This category is the only category which is relevant to the Group. The Group measures financial assets 
at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met: 
•	 The	 financial	asset	is	held	within	a	business	model	with	the	objective	to	hold	financial	assets	in	
order to collect contractual cash flows; and 
•	 The	 contractual	terms	of	the	financial	asset	give	rise	on	specified	dates	to	cash	flows	that	are	solely	
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest rates (“EIR”) 
method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset 
is derecognised, modified or impaired. 
The Group’s financial assets at amortised cost includes trade and other receivables and cash and cash 
equivalents.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
151

---- Page 154 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.16 Financial assets (contd.) 
(c) Derecognition
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) 
is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statements of financial position) when: 
•	 The	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	have	expired;	or	
•	 The	 Group	has	transferred	its	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	or	has	assumed	an	obligation	
to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ 
arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, 
or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, 
but has transferred control of the asset. 
When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a passthrough 
arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership.  
When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor 
transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of its 
continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset 
and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has 
retained.  
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower 
of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could 
be required to repay. 
2.17 Financial liabilities 
(a) Initial recognition and measurement 
Financial liabilities are recognised when, and only when, the entity becomes party to the contractual provisions 
of the instruments. Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in 
an effective hedge, as appropriate. 
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, 
net of directly attributable transaction costs. 
(b) Subsequent measurement  
Trade and other payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rates 
(“EIR”) method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well 
as through the EIR amortisation process. 
(c) Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. 
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, 
or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as 
the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective 
carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.
Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statements of financial 
position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to 
settle on a net basis, to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
152


---- Page 155 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.18 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank, cash on hand and deposits at call with a maturity of three months 
or less that are readily convertible to known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes 
in value. 
2.19 Contract assets and contract liabilities
A contract asset is the right of the Group to consideration in exchange for goods or services that it has transferred 
to the customer when that right is conditional upon future performance but not through the passage of time. If 
the Group has performed its obligation by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays 
consideration or before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised and presented net of any amounts that 
has been recognised as receivables. Contract asset is presented as the excess of cumulative revenue earned or 
recognised in profit or loss over the billings to date to the customer. Contract assets are subject to impairment 
assessment in accordance of MFRS 9: Financial Instruments. 
A contract liability is the obligation of the Group to transfer goods or services to a customer for which it has received 
consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration before the 
Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is made or 
the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs 
its obligation under the contract. 
2.20 Refund liability 
A refund liability is the obligation to refund some or all of the consideration received (or receivable) from the 
customer and is measured at the amount of the Group ultimately expects it will have a return to the customer. The 
Group updates its estimates of refund liabilities (and the corresponding change in the transaction price) at the end 
of each reporting period.
2.21 Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value 
through profit or loss and contract assets. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows 
due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an 
approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of 
collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit 
risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible 
within the next 12-months (“a 12-month ECL”). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the 
remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (“a lifetime ECL”). 
For trade and other receivables and contract assets, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. 
Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime 
ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss 
experience. The Group considers forward-looking factors do not have significant impact to its credit risk given the 
nature of its industry and the amount of ECLs is insensitive to changes to forecast economic conditions. 
The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are past due as at month end. However, 
in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information 
indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account 
any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation 
of recovering the contractual cash flows.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
153

---- Page 156 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.22 Fair value Measurement
The Group measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives financial assets, if any, at fair value at each reporting 
date.
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption 
that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
(i) in the principal market for the asset or liability; or
(ii)  in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to or by the Group and the Company.
The fair value of an asset or liability is measured using the assumptions that the market participants would use when 
pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participants that 
would use the asset in its highest and best use.
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data 
are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of 
unobservable inputs.
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole:
(i) Level 1 -  the fair value is measured using quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or 
  liabilities;
(ii) Level 2 -  the fair value is measured using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are 
  observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); 
  and
(iii) Level 3 -  the fair value is measured using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable 
  market data (unobservable inputs).
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines 
whether transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of 
the nature, characteristic and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
2.23 Share capital
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Company after deducting 
all of its liabilities. Ordinary shares are equity instruments.
Ordinary shares are recorded at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable incremental transaction costs. 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Dividends on ordinary shares are recognised in equity in the period in which 
they are declared.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
154


---- Page 157 ----
2. Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.24 Current and non-current classification
The Group presents assets and liabilities in statements of financial position based on current and non-current 
classification.
An asset is classified as current when it is:
- expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle;
- held primarily for the purpose of trading;
- expected to be realised within 12 months after the reporting period; or
- cash and cash equivalents unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least 
12 months after the reporting period. 
All other assets are classified as non-current.
A liability is classified as current when:
- it is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle;
- it is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
- it is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting period; or
- there is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting 
period.
All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities, respectively.
3. Significant accounting judgements and estimates
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect 
the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results 
may differ from these estimates.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised 
in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.
(a) Critical judgements made in applying accounting policies
There is no critical judgement made by management in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies that 
has a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.
(b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date 
that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within 
the next financial year are discussed below.
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that 
taxable profit will be available against which the differences will be able to crystallise. Significant management 
judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely 
timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. Details relating to deferred tax 
are disclosed in Note 17.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
155

---- Page 158 ----
4. Revenue
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 
Revenue from contracts with customers  1,514,774   1,485,912   -   - 
Revenue from other source:
 - Dividend income from a subsidiary  -   -   41,534   45,084 
   1,514,774   1,485,912   41,534   45,084 
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers:
   Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Sales of consumer products  1,494,255   1,467,690 
Sign up and renewal fees and other service fees  20,519   18,222 
  1,514,774   1,485,912 
Timing of revenue recognition:
At point in time  1,499,738   1,470,766 
Over time  15,036   15,146 
  1,514,774   1,485,912 
5. Cost of sales
Cost of sales represent cost of inventories sold and attributable costs relating to the sale of consumer products.
6. Other income
Included in other income are the following:
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 
Interest income on deposits with licensed bank   4,558   3,763   1,778   1,495 
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  162   23   -   - 
Gain on lease modification  -   2   -   - 
7. Finance costs
   Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Unwinding of discount on provisions (Note 24)  98   104 
Interest on lease liabilities (Note 25)  505   496 
  603   600 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
156


---- Page 159 ----
8. Profit before tax
The following amounts have been included in arriving at profit before tax:
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 
Employee benefits expense (Note 9)  43,193   43,070   -   - 
Executive directors’ remuneration excluding  
benefits-in-kind (Note 10)  2,996   2,804   -   - 
Non-executive directors’ remuneration excluding 
 benefits-in-kind (Note 10)  585   555   585   555 
Auditors’ remuneration
- statutory  343   305   49   47 
- other services  15   14   15   14 
Net allowance/(reversal) for inventory  
obsolescence  213   (3,045)  -   - 
Inventories written off  4,244   3,965   -   - 
Expenses relating to short term lease and leases 
of low-value assets (Note 25)  351  416  -   - 
Variable lease payments (Note 25)  30   60   -   - 
Net realised loss on foreign exchange  31   83   -   - 
Net unrealised loss/(gain) foreign exchange  104   (56)  -   - 
Property, plant and equipment
- depreciation (Note 14)  4,507   4,630   -   - 
- gain on disposal  (162)  (23)  -   - 
- written off  57   70   -   - 
Intangible assets
- amortisation (Note 15)  8,836   8,703   -   - 
- written off  1,312   -   -   - 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 25)  3,628   3,351   -   - 
Net allowance of expected credit loss on  
receivables (Note 19)  138   55   -   - 
Net changes in provision for assurance-type  
warranties (Note 24)  2,341   3,233   -   - 
9. Employee benefits expense
   Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Wages, salaries and bonus  32,755   32,821 
Defined contribution plan  4,691   4,867 
Social security contributions  273   253 
Other benefits  5,474   5,129 
  43,193   43,070 
Included in employee benefits expense of the Group are executive directors’ remuneration (excluding benefits-in-kind) 
amounting to RM2,996,000 (2021: RM2,804,000) as further disclosed in Note 10.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
157

---- Page 160 ----
10. Directors’ remuneration
The remuneration of the directors of the Company are as follows:
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 
Executive director’s remuneration (Note 9)
- Other emoluments  2,996   2,804   -   - 
Non-executive directors’ remuneration
- Fees  525   497   525   497 
- Other emoluments  60   58   60   58 
  585  555  585   555 
Total directors’ remuneration  3,581   3,359   585   555 
Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind  447   462   18   18 
Total directors’ remuneration including benefits-in-kind  4,028   3,821   603   573 
The details of remuneration receivable by directors of the Company during the year are as follows:
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 
Executive:
- Salaries and other emoluments  1,810   1,673   -   - 
- Bonus  1,186   1,131   -   - 
- Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind  429   444   -   - 
   3,425   3,248   -   - 
Non-Executive:
- Fees  525   497   525   497 
- Allowances  60   58   60   58 
- Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind  18   18   18   18 
   603   573   603   573 
Total directors’ remuneration  4,028   3,821   603   573 
The number of directors of the Company whose total remuneration during the year fell within the following bands is 
analysed below:
   Number of directors 
   Company 
  2022   2021 
Executive director:
RM3,000,001 - RM3,500,000  1   1 
Non-executive directors:
RM0 - RM50,000  1   1 
RM50,001 - RM100,000  4   4 
RM100,001 - RM150,000  2   2 
  8  8
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
158


---- Page 161 ----
11. Income tax expense
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 
Current tax expense:
- Malaysian income tax  26,672  28,750 417 337
- Foreign tax  724  789  -   - 
   27,396   29,539   417   337 
(Over)/under provision in prior years
- Malaysian income tax  (254)  7   17   - 
- Foreign tax  1   -   -   - 
   (253)  7   17   - 
   27,143  29,546  434   337 
Deferred tax (Note 17):
- Relating to origination and reversal of  
   temporary differences  (741)  (16,944)  -   - 
- (Over)/under provision in prior years  (181)  345   -   - 
   (922)  (16,599)  -   - 
Total income tax expense 26,221 12,947  434   337 
Domestic income tax is calculated at the Malaysian statutory tax rate of 24% for the first RM100 million and 33% thereafter 
(2021: 24%) of the estimated assessable profit for the year. The 33% is a one-off prosperity tax, gazetted by the Government 
on 31 December 2021 via Finance Act 2021, which would be imposed on the Company for the year of assessment 2022.
Taxation for other jurisdiction is calculated at the rate prevailing in the respective jurisdiction. Company in Brunei is 
taxed where for the first BND100,000 of the chargeable income, only 25% is taxable, the next BND150,000 only 50% is 
taxable and 100% is taxable for any remaining balance. The income tax rate applicable to company in Brunei is 18.5% 
(2021:18.5%).
A reconciliation of income tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory income tax rate to income tax 
expense at the effective income tax rate of the Group and of the Company is as follows:
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 
Profit before tax  103,102   49,728   41,432   44,689 
Taxation at Malaysian statutory tax rate of 24%  
(2021: 24%)  24,744   11,935   9,944   10,725 
Effect of prosperity tax at 33%  614   -   -   - 
Effect of difference in tax rate and tax structure in  
other jurisdiction  (226)  (247)  -   - 
Income not subject to tax  (123)  (140)  (9,968) (10,820)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  1,646   1,047   441  432
(Over)/under provision of tax expense in prior years  (253)  7   17   - 
(Over)/under provision of deferred tax expense  
in prior years  (181)  345   -   - 
Income tax expense  26,221   12,947   434   337 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
159

---- Page 162 ----
12. Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company 
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the financial year.
   Group 
  2022   2021 
Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company (RM’000)  76,881   36,781 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (number ‘000)  164,386   164,386 
Basic and diluted earnings (sen per share)  46.77   22.37 
There are no shares in issuance which have a dilutive effect to the earnings per share of the Group. 
13. Dividends on ordinary shares
  Sen per   Total
  share  amount   Date of payment 
   RM’000 
Recognised in the financial year ended 31 December 2022
Interim tax exempt (single-tier):
Fourth interim 2021  5.0   8,219  25 March 2022
Special interim 2021  4.0   6,577  25 March 2022
First interim 2022  5.0   8,219  24 June 2022
Second interim 2022  5.0   8,219  23 September 2022
Third interim 2022  5.0   8,219  16 December 2022
   39,453 
Recognised in the financial year ended 31 December 2021
Interim tax exempt (single-tier):
Fourth interim 2020  5.0   8,219  26 March 2021
Special interim 2020  7.5   12,329  26 March 2021
First interim 2021  5.0   8,219  25 June 2021
Second interim 2021  5.0   8,219  27 September 2021
Third interim 2021  5.0   8,219  17 December 2021
   45,205 
On 27 February 2023, the directors declared a fourth interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend in respect of the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022, of 5.0 sen per share on 164,385,645 ordinary shares, amounting to a dividend payable 
of approximately RM8,219,000 and special interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 18.0 sen per share on 164,385,645 
ordinary shares, amounting to a dividend payable of approximately RM29,589,000.
The financial statements for the current financial year do not reflect these dividends. Such dividends will be accounted for 
in equity as an appropriation of retained earnings in the financial year ending 31 December 2023. 
 
 
 
 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
160


---- Page 163 ----
14. Property, plant and equipment
   long term     leasehold   Furniture,    Capital 
   leasehold    Building   fixtures and   fittings and   Motor   work-in- 
   land   Buildings   improvements   improvements   equipment   vehicles   progress   Total 
Group  RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000 
At 31 December 2022
Cost
At 1 January 2022  20,074   31,667   22,103   7,490   41,983   1,030   6   124,353 
Additions  -   -   -   221   922   -   1,995   3,138 
Disposals  -   -   -   -   -   (498)  -   (498)
Write-offs  -   -   (69)  (13)  (3,797)  (4)  -   (3,883)
Transfer in/(out)  -   -   -   901   575   -   (1,476)  - 
At 31 December 2022  20,074   31,667   22,034   8,599   39,683   528   525   123,110 
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2022  7,122   7,758   16,592   6,816   31,382   914   -   70,584 
Charge for the year (Note 8)  268   633   662   678   2,226   40   -   4,507 
Disposals  -   -   -   -   -   (498)  -   (498)
Write-offs  -   -   (53)  (13)  (3,757)  (3)  -   (3,826)
At 31 December 2022  7,390   8,391   17,201   7,481   29,851   453   -   70,767 
Net carrying amount  12,684   23,276   4,833   1,118 9,832   75   525   52,343 
Included in the cost of property, plant and equipment of the Group are fully depreciated assets which are still in use amounting to RM46,775,000 
(2021: RM47,463,000).
   long term     leasehold   Furniture,    Capital 
   leasehold    Building   fixtures and   fittings and   Motor   work-in- 
   land   Buildings   improvements   improvements   equipment   vehicles   progress   Total 
Group  RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000 
At 31 December 2021
Cost
At 1 January 2021  20,074   31,667   20,798   7,469   40,766   1,024   1,894   123,692 
Additions  -   -   281   21   1,253   6   -   1,561 
Disposals  -   -   -   -   (235)  -   -   (235)
Write-offs  -   -   -   -   (604)  -   (61)  (665)
Transfer in/(out)  -   -   1,024   -   803   -   (1,827)  - 
At 31 December 2021  20,074   31,667   22,103   7,490   41,983   1,030   6   124,353 
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2021  6,854   7,125   15,946   6,172   29,948   739   -   66,784 
Charge for the year (Note 8)  268   633   646   644   2,264   175   -   4,630 
Disposals  -   -   -   -   (235)  -   -   (235)
Write-offs  -   -   -   -   (595)  -   -   (595)
At 31 December 2021  7,122   7,758   16,592   6,816   31,382   914   -   70,584 
Net carrying amount  12,952   23,909   5,511   674   10,601   116   6   53,769 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
161

---- Page 164 ----
15. Intangible assets
   Computer   Development 
   Software   Costs   Goodwill   Total 
   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000 
Group
At 31 December 2022
Cost
At 1 January 2022  1,066   27,168   4,782   33,016 
Additions  11   494   -   505 
Write-offs  (289)  (4,491)  -  (4,780)
At 31 December 2022  788   23,171   4,782   28,741 
Accumulated amortisation
At 1 January 2022  1,061   10,301   1,487   12,849 
Amortisation (Note 8)  7   8,829   -   8,836 
Write-offs  (289)  (3,179)  -  (3,468)
At 31 December 2022  779   15,951   1,487   18,217 
Net carrying amount  9   7,220   3,295   10,524 
At 31 December 2021
Cost
At 1 January 2021  1,069   22,673   4,782   28,524 
Additions  -   4,495   -   4,495 
Write-offs  (3)  -   -   (3)
At 31 December 2021  1,066   27,168   4,782   33,016 
Accumulated amortisation
At 1 January 2021  1,047   1,615   1,487   4,149 
Amortisation (Note 8)  17   8,686   -   8,703 
Write-offs  (3)  -   -   (3)
Impairment (Note 8)  -   -   -   - 
At 31 December 2021  1,061   10,301   1,487   12,849 
Net carrying amount  5   16,867   3,295   20,167 
Included in the cost of intangible assets of the Group are cost of fully amortised intangible assets which are still in use 
amounting to RM777,000 (2021: RM1,416,000). 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
162


---- Page 165 ----
15. Intangible assets (contd.)
(a) Goodwill
Goodwill arose from the acquisition of Amway (B) Sdn. Bhd. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is 
allocated to the business operations of Amway (B) Sdn. Bhd., which represent a CGU on its own.
The Group performed a review on the recoverable amount of goodwill during the financial year. The Group considers 
the Brunei ABOs’ momentum have a direct impact on its sales performance. 
The recoverable amount is determined based on its value-in-use (“VIU”) calculation using cash flows projections 
from financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period. 
The VIU was determined by discounting the future cash flows expected to be generated from the continuing 
operation of CGU and was based on the following key assumptions:
(i) Cash flows were projected based on actual operating results and the five-year financial budget which has 
reflected the softer sales demands.
(ii) The CGU will continue its operation indefinitely with terminal growth rate of nil (2021: nil). 
(iii) A pre-tax discount rates of 13% (2021: 13%) was applied to the pre-tax cash flows, was determined by the 
Group, is in line with the CGU’s primary economic and financial environment in the country it operates. At the 
reporting date, if discount rate had been 10% higher, with all other variables held constant, this would not 
result in the recoverable amount of the CGU’s lower than its carrying amount. 
The Group is of the opinion that any reasonably possible change in the above key assumptions would not materially 
cause the recoverable amount of the CGU’s to be lower than its carrying amount. 
16. Investment in subsidiaries 
   Company 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Unquoted shares, at cost  86,202   86,202 
Details of the subsidiaries are as follows:
Name of subsidiaries
Proportion of  
ownership interest Principal activities
 2022 2021
 %  % 
Held by the Company:
Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., 
incorporated in Malaysia
100  100 Distribution of consumer products 
principally under the “AMWAY” trademark 
Held by Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.:
Amway (B) Sdn. Bhd., 
incorporated in Negara Brunei Darussalam*^
 100  100 Distribution of consumer products 
principally under the “AMWAY” trademark
Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. and Amway (B) Sdn. Bhd.’s principal place of business is located in Malaysia and Negara 
Brunei Darussalam respectively.
*  Audited by a member firm of Ernst & Young Global in Brunei Darussalam.
^ As a director of Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., Michael Jonathan Duong holds 1 ordinary share in Amway (B) Sdn. Bhd. 
on behalf of Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. in order to comply with the Laws of Brunei Chapter 39 Companies Act which 
requires a minimum of 2 shareholders.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
163

---- Page 166 ----
17. Deferred tax
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
At beginning of financial year  40,765   24,166   -   - 
Recognised in profit or loss (Note 11)  922   16,599   -   - 
Exchange difference  4   -   -   - 
At end of financial year  41,691   40,765   -   - 
Presented after appropriate offsetting as follows:
Deferred tax assets  41,691   40,765  -   - 
Deferred tax liabilities  -   -   -   - 
   41,691   40,765  -   - 
The components and movements of deferred tax liabilities and assets during the financial year prior to offsetting are as 
follows:
Deferred tax liabilities of the Group:
   Property,
  plant and
   equipment and  Right-of-use 
   intangible  assets 
  assets and others Total
   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000 
At 1 January 2021  (2,619)  (1,859) (4,478)
Recognised in profit or loss   (3)  (337) (340)
   (2,622)  (2,196) (4,818)
Less: Set-off of deferred tax assets    4,818 
At 31 December 2021    - 
At 1 January 2022  (2,622)  (2,196) (4,818)
Recognised in profit or loss   650   271   921 
  (1,972)  (1,925) (3,897)
Less: Set-off of deferred tax assets    3,897 
At 31 December 2022    - 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
164


---- Page 167 ----
17. Deferred tax (contd.)
Deferred tax assets of the Group:
    Accrued 
   lease   Contract   expenses 
   liabilities   liabilities   and others   Total 
   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000 
At 1 January 2021  1,913   5,267   21,464   28,644 
Recognised in profit or loss   362   206   16,371   16,939 
   2,275   5,473   37,835   45,583 
Less: Set-off of deferred tax liabilities    (4,818)
At 31 December 2021     40,765 
At 1 January 2022  2,275   5,473   37,835   45,583 
Recognised in profit or loss   (267)  875   (607)  1
Exchange differences  -   -   4   4 
   2,008   6,348   37,232   45,588 
Less: Set-off of deferred tax liabilities    (3,897)
At 31 December 2022     41,691 
18. Inventories
   Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Consumer products: 
At cost 210,799 148,075
At net realisable value 2,356 1,944
 213,155 150,019
During the financial year, inventories recognised as cost of sales amounted to RM675,971,000 (2021: RM692,440,000).
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
165

---- Page 168 ----
19. Trade and other receivables
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000   RM’000 
Trade receivables
Third parties  40,693   22,470   -   - 
Due from related companies  74   297   -   - 
   40,767   22,767   -   - 
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss  (862)  (718)  -   - 
Trade receivables, net  39,905   22,049   -   - 
Other receivables
Due from penultimate holding company  -   2   -   - 
Due from related companies  28   50   -   - 
Sundry receivables  4,989   232   11   7 
Deposits   1,674   1,630   4   4 
Prepayments  1,461   1,309   77   17 
   8,152   3,223   92   28 
Total trade and other receivables     48,057 25,272 92 28
Add: Cash and cash equivalents (Note 21) 180,303 236,840 90,015 88,539
Less: Prepayments  (1,461)  (1,309)  (77) (17)
Total financial assets, carried at amortised cost  226,899   260,803   90,030   88,550 
(a) Trade receivables
Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and a significant amount of the outstanding balance is repayable by way 
of monthly instalment plans from 90 to 150 (2021: 90) days. The Group has no significant concentration of credit 
risk that may arise from exposures to a single debtor or to groups of debtors. 
The Group maintains its ageing within 30 days by monitoring the installments payments from Amway Business 
Owners (“ABOs”) and any amounts which are due and not settled will be offset against the ABOs’ bonuses.
Ageing analysis of trade receivables
The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables is as follows:
  Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Neither past due nor impaired  39,905   22,049 
Impaired  862   718 
  40,767   22,767 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
166


---- Page 169 ----
19. Trade and other receivables (contd.)
(a) Trade receivables
Receivables that are neither past due nor impaired
Trade receivables that are neither past due nor impaired are creditworthy debtors with good payment records with 
the Group. Based on past experience, the Board believes that no allowance for expected credit loss is necessary in 
respect of those balances.
None of the Group’s trade receivables that are neither past due nor impaired have been renegotiated during the 
financial year.
Receivables that are impaired
The Group’s trade receivables that are impaired at the reporting date and the movement of the allowance accounts 
used to record the allowance for expected credit losses are as follows: 
  Group 
  Individually impaired
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
At beginning of financial year  718   663 
Net change for the year (Note 8)  138   55 
Exchange difference  6   - 
At end of financial year  862   718 
Trade receivables that are individually determined to be impaired at the reporting date relate to debtors that are in 
significant financial difficulties and have defaulted on payments. These receivables are not secured by any collateral 
or credit enhancements. 
(b) Due from related companies
Related companies are companies within the Alticor Global Holdings Inc. group of companies. Amounts due from 
certain related parties are unsecured and bear interest equal to the Base Lending Rate set by the Central Bank of 
Malaysia plus 0.5% per annum, compounded on a monthly basis on overdue balances exceeding 30 to 90 (2021: 
30 to 90) days from the date of invoice. The non-trade amounts due from related companies are mainly in respect 
of payments made on behalf. These amounts are to be settled in cash.
Further details on related party transactions are disclosed in Note 28. 
Other information on credit risks are disclosed in Note 29(d).
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
167

---- Page 170 ----
20. Contract balances 
  Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Contract assets  862   483 
Contract liabilities  (26,467) (22,805)
(a) Contract assets
Contract assets primarily relate to consideration for goods transferred to related companies but not billed at reporting 
date. Contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights become unconditional.
(b) Contract liabilities
  Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Deferred annual and renewal fees (Note (i)) 9,882 7,774
Deferred product sales (Note (ii)) 11,211 10,609
Others (Note (iii)) 5,374 4,422
 26,467 22,805
Current          25,913 22,805
Non-current      554  -
(i) Deferred annual and renewal fees
Contract liabilities of deferred annual and renewal fees relate to the consideration received from the  
customers for a twelve (12) months period of services, which revenue is recognised overtime over the service 
period on a straight line basis. The amount of revenue recognised in the financial year that was included in the 
contract liabilities of the Group at the beginning of the year was RM7,774,000 (2021: RM7,293,000).
  Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
At 1 January 7,774  7,293 
Deferred during the year  17,144  15,627 
Recognised as revenue during the year   (15,036) (15,146)
At 31 December 9,882  7,774 
(ii) Deferred product sales
Contract liabilities of deferred product sales mainly relate to the consideration received from the customers 
for online products sales and the delivery of such products have not been completed during the financial year.  
The revenue is recognised upon delivery. The amount of revenue recognised in the financial year that 
was included in the contract liabilities of the Group at the beginning of the year was RM10,609,000 
(2021: RM13,062,000).
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
168


---- Page 171 ----
20. Contract balances (contd.) 
(b) Contract liabilities (contd.)
(iii) Others
The sales and marketing plan of the Group includes offering coupons to the customers for their future 
acquisition of goods at discounted price. The option provides a material right to the customer. The Group 
recognises the allocated revenue when those future goods are transferred or when the option expires.  
The Group also offers a loyalty programme where accumulated points that can be redeemed for future goods 
at a discounted price. The amount allocated to the loyalty programme is deferred, and recognised as revenue 
when the points are redeemed.
The Group also provide extended warranty beyond fixing the defects that existed at the time of sale to 
customers. The service-type warranty is accounted for as a separate performance obligation and a portion 
of the transaction price is allocated. The Group recognises the allocated revenue when the performance 
obligation for the service-type warranty service is satisfied over the coverage period based on time elapsed. 
The amount of revenue recognised in the financial year that was included in the contract liabilities of the Group 
at the beginning of the year was RM3,854,000 (2021: RM1,815,000).
  Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
At 1 January  4,422   1,815 
Deferred during the year  4,806  4,422 
Recognised as revenue during the year  (3,854) (1,815)
At 31 December 5,374  4,422 
Current 4,820 4,422
Non-current 554 -
21. Cash and cash equivalents 
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
    RM’000    RM’000   RM’000    RM’000  
Cash on hand and at banks  119,863  117,701  88,015   86,539 
Deposits with licensed banks 60,440 119,139  2,000   2,000 
Total cash and cash equivalents  180,303   236,840   90,015   88,539 
The weighted average effective interest rates of deposits at the reporting date were as follows: 
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   %   %   %   % 
Licensed banks 2.60% 1.69% 2.60% 1.70%
The average maturities of deposits as at the end of the financial year were as follows: 
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   Days   Days   Days   Days 
Licensed banks 30 33 90 88
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
169

---- Page 172 ----
22. Share capital 
 Group/Company 
  Number of 
  ordinary shares   Amount  
   2022   2021   2022   2021 
   ‘000   ‘000   RM’000   RM’000 
Issued and fully paid
Share capital at beginning and end of financial year  164,386   164,386   166,436   166,436 
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one 
vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares have no par value and rank equally with regard to the 
Company’s residual assets.
23. Retained earnings
The Company may distribute dividends on a single-tier basis out of its entire retained earnings as at 31 December 2022 
without any restrictions.
24. Trade and other payables 
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 
Trade payables
Third parties  14,323   15,161   -   - 
Due to related companies  27,933   50,376   -   - 
   42,256   65,537   -  -
Other payables
Due to related companies  2,131   133   -   - 
Sundry payables  6,113   6,566   137   273 
Accruals  202,835   196,733   378   346 
Refund liabilities  448   535   -   - 
Provisions (Note (e))  7,518   6,768   -   - 
   219,045   210,735   515   619 
Total trade and other payables  261,301   276,272   515   619 
Less: Provision (Note (e))  (7,518)  (6,768)  -   - 
Total financial liabilities carried at amortised cost  253,783   269,504   515   619 
(a) Trade payables
Amounts due to third parties are non-interest bearing and the normal credit term granted to the Group and Company 
range from 30 to 90 (2021: 30 to 90) days.
(b) Due to related companies (trade and non-trade)
The amounts due to related companies are unsecured and bear interest at the federal rate as defined by the United 
States Treasury Regulation and Internal Revenue Code on overdue balances exceeding 90 (2021: 90) days from the 
date of invoice. The non-trade amounts due to related companies are mainly in respect of payments made on behalf. 
These amounts are to be settled in cash.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
170


---- Page 173 ----
24. Trade and other payables (contd.) 
(c) Accruals
Included in the accruals of the Group is an amount of RM181,839,000 (2021: RM174,971,000) for distributors’ 
bonuses, seminars and other expenses, in which bonuses related accruals are trade in nature.
(d) Refund liabilities
Refund liability is the obligation to refund some or all of the consideration received (or receivable) from the customer 
and is measured at the amount the Group ultimately expects it will have to return to the customer.
(e) Provisions
Provisions for assurance-type warranties
The Group provides warranties for durable products sold to customers that are not functioning as intended. 
Provisions related to these assurance-type warranties are recognised when the product is sold. The amount of 
provision of warranty claims will be charged to profit or loss and any unutilised portion of the warranty provision will 
subsequently be reversed when the warranty period is over. Sales of products with manufacturer’s warranty which 
are not under “Amway” trademark are exempted from any warranty provision as the warranties are provided by the 
manufacturers. 
Provisions for restoration costs
The Group records a provision for restoration costs of renovation performed on rented premises. Restoration costs 
are provided for at the present value of expected costs to settle the obligation using estimated cash flows. The cash 
flows are discounted at a current pre-tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the restoration liability. The unwinding 
of the discount is expensed as incurred and recognised in profit or loss as a finance cost. The estimated future costs 
of restoration are reviewed annually and adjusted as appropriate.
Movements of provision are as follows:
   Assurance-
   Restoration  type
   cost  warranties Total
Group  RM’000  RM’000 RM’000
At 1 January 2022  2,030   4,738   6,768 
Net change for the year  (177)  2,341   2,164 
Utilisation during the year  -   (1,512) (1,512)
Unwinding of discount (Note 7)  98   -   98 
At 31 December 2022  1,951   5,567   7,518 
   Assurance-
   Restoration  type
   cost  warranties Total
Group  RM’000  RM’000 RM’000
At 1 January 2021  1,956   3,315   5,271 
Net change for the year  (30)  3,233   3,203 
Utilisation during the year  -   (1,810) (1,810)
Unwinding of discount (Note 7)  104   -   104 
At 31 December 2021  2,030   4,738   6,768 
Further details on related parties transactions are disclosed in Note 28. Other information on liquidity risks are 
disclosed in Note 29(c).
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
171

---- Page 174 ----
25. l eases
The Group as lessee
The Group has lease contracts for premises and various items of equipment used in its operations. Leases of assets 
generally have lease terms between 2 and 9 years. The Group’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s 
title to the leased assets. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets. There are 
several lease contracts that include extension and termination options.
The Group also has certain leases of premises and equipment with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases of office 
equipment with low value. The Group applies the ‘short-term lease’ and ‘lease of low-value assets’ recognition exemptions 
for these leases.
Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the period:
   Other
  Premises Equipment Total
  RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
At 1 January 2022  8,765   387   9,152 
Additions  252   46   298 
Depreciation expenses (Note 8)  (3,350)  (278) (3,628)
Modification  2,000   -   2,000 
Exchange differences  24   -   24 
At 31 December 2022  7,691   155   7,846 
At 1 January 2021  7,079   668   7,747 
Additions  868   -   868 
Depreciation expenses (Note 8)  (3,050)  (301) (3,351)
Modification  3,868   20   3,888 
At 31 December 2021  8,765   387   9,152 
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period:
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
At 1 January  9,480   7,970 
Additions  298   898 
Accretion of interest  505   496 
Payments  (4,117) (3,770)
Modification  2,177   3,886 
Exchange differences  24   - 
At 31 December  8,367   9,480 
Current  3,282   3,182 
Non-current  5,085   6,298 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
172


---- Page 175 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
25. l eases (contd.)
The Group as lessee (contd.)
The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss: 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets (Note 8)  3,628   3,351 
Gain on lease modification (Note 6)  -   (2)
Interest on lease liabilities (Note 7)  505   496 
Expenses relating to short term lease and leases of low-value assets (Note 8)  351   416 
Variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities (Note 8)  30   60 
Total amount recognised in profit or loss  4,514   4,321 
The Group has certain lease contracts for equipment that contains variable payments based on the number of outputs. The 
Group’s variable lease payments, including the magnitude in relation to the fixed payments are not material. The Group 
also has several lease contracts that include extension options. These options are negotiated by management to provide 
flexibility in managing the leased-asset portfolio and align with the Group’s business needs. Management exercises 
significant judgement in determining whether these extension options are reasonably certain to be exercised. 
Set out below are the undiscounted potential future rental payments relating to periods following the exercise date of 
extension options that are not included in the lease term: 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Extension options expected not to be exercised within 5 years  468   468 
Total cash outflows for all leases including lease liabilities, short-term leases, leases of low-value assets and variable lease 
payments in the financial year ended 31 December 2022 for the Group amounted to RM4,498,000 (2021: RM4,246,000), 
in which RM3,612,000 (2021: RM3,274,000) represents payment of principal portion of lease liabilities.
26. Segment reporting
Although the Group has an operation in Negara Brunei Darussalam, there is no disclosure of this operation as a separate 
geographical segment as the revenue contributed by this foreign incorporated company is not material to constitute an 
independent geographical segment as stipulated under MFRS 8: Operating Segments. 
No details relating to the Group’s business segment was disclosed as the Group has only one business segment which is 
the distribution of consumer products. 
Accordingly, information on geographical and business segments of the Group’s operations are not presented.
27. Capital commitments
   Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Capital expenditure in respect of
Development costs and property, plant and equipment:
- Approved and contracted for  271   296 
- Approved and not contracted for  22,867   14,639 
  23,138   14,935 
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
173

---- Page 176 ----
28. Significant related party transactions
(a) In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group had the following transactions 
with related parties during the financial year.
   Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Sales of goods:
Amway (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.   (60) (64)
Amway Hong Kong Limited  (274)  - 
Purchases:
Access Business Group International L.L.C.   522,200   465,205 
Amway International Inc.  594   - 
Amway (Thailand) Limited  379   - 
Amway (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  250   - 
Royalties paid/payable:
Access Business Group International L.L.C.   4,908   5,035 
Sale of property, plant and equipment:
Amway IT Services Sdn. Bhd.  161   - 
(b) The transactions with related parties are at rates mutually agreed by the parties concerned.
Information regarding outstanding balances arising from related party transactions as at 31 December 2022 are 
disclosed in Notes 19 and 24. 
The nature of the related party relationships are entities within the Alticor Global Holdings Inc..
(c) The remuneration of directors of the Company and other members of key management during the year was as 
follows:
   Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Short-term employee benefits 5,954 6,152
Post-employment benefits:
- Defined contribution plan 399 457
Non-executive directors’ remuneration:
- Directors’ fees and others 603 573
 6,956  7,182 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
174


---- Page 177 ----
29. Financial risk management objectives and policies 
The Group and the Company are exposed to financial risks arising from their operations and the use of financial 
instruments. The key financial risks include interest rate risk (both fair value and cash flow), foreign currency risk, liquidity 
risk and credit risk.
The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies and procedures for the management of these risks, which are 
executed by the Chief Financial Officer. The Audit Committee provides independent oversight to the effectiveness of the 
risk management process. 
It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no derivatives shall be undertaken except for 
the use as hedging instruments where appropriate and it’s cost-efficient. The Group and the Company do not apply hedge 
accounting. 
(a) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates.
At the reporting date, the interest rate profile of the interest-bearing financial instruments is as follows:
 Group  Company
  2022   2021   2022   2021 
   RM’000 RM’000 RM’000  RM’000
Fixed rate instruments
Deposits with licensed banks  60,440   119,139   2,000   2,000 
(b) Foreign currency risk 
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because 
of changes in foreign exchange rates. 
The Group is exposed to transactional currency risk primarily through sales to related companies, purchases and 
payments on behalf that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency to which they relate. The 
currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily United States Dollar (“USD”), Singapore Dollar (“SGD”) and Thailand 
Baht (“THB”). 
The net unhedged financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group that are not denominated in their functional 
currencies are as follows:
   Group 
  2022   2021 
  RM’000   RM’000 
Due from related companies 
Singapore Dollar  28   50 
Due from related companies
United States Dollar  74   - 
Due to related companies
Thailand Baht  (8) (36)
Cash and bank balances
United States Dollar  1,437   934 
Sensitivity analysis for foreign currency risk
The Group’s exposure to currency risk is not significant in the context of the financial statements and accordingly 
the sensitivity analysis is not presented.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
175

---- Page 178 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (contd.) 
(c) liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group or the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting financial obligations due 
to the shortage of funds.
Analysis of financial instruments by remaining contractual maturities
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s and the Company’s liabilities at the reporting date 
based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations.
  On demand 
  or within  More than 
  one year one year  Total 
  RM’000 RM’000  RM’000 
At 31 December 2022
Financial liabilities
Group
Trade and other payables (excluding provisions) (Note 24)  253,783  -   253,783 
Lease liabilities 3,642 5,537  9,179 
Total undiscounted financial liabilities 257,425 5,537  262,962 
Company
Trade and other payables (Note 24) 515  -  515
  On demand 
  or within  More than 
  one year one year  Total 
  RM’000 RM’000  RM’000 
At 31 December 2021
Financial liabilities
Group
Trade and other payables (excluding provisions) (Note 24)  269,504  -   269,504 
Lease liabilities 3,591 6,833  10,424 
Total undiscounted financial liabilities 273,095 6,833  279,928 
Company
Trade and other payables (Note 24)  619   -  619
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
176


---- Page 179 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAl STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAl YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (contd.) 
(d) Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of loss that may arise on outstanding financial instruments should a counterparty default on its 
obligations. The Group’s and the Company’s exposure to credit risk arises primarily from trade and other receivables. 
For other financial assets (including cash and bank balances), the Group and the Company minimise credit risk by 
dealing exclusively with high credit rating counterparties. 
The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables. The Group trades only with recognised and 
creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to 
credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s 
exposure to bad debts is not significant. Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, 
there is no requirement for collateral.
The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprises of cash and cash equivalents, arises from 
default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these financial assets.
The Group does not have any significant exposure to any individual customer or counterparty nor does it have 
any major concentration of credit risk related to any financial assets. The analysis of the quality of credit risk are 
disclosed in Note 19 and the accounting policy on the impairment of financial asset (ECL) is disclosed in Note 2.21.
30. Fair values on financial instruments
The Group and the Company measures fair values using the following fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of 
the inputs used in making the measurements:
Level 1  -  the fair value is measured using quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or 
liabilities. 
Level 2  -  the fair value is measured using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable 
for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3  -  the fair value is measured using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data 
(unobservable inputs).
The Group and the Company do not have any financial instruments classified as Level 1 to Level 3 as at 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021.
The following are classes of financial instruments that are not carried at fair value and whose carrying amounts are 
reasonable approximation of fair value: 
   Note 
Trade and other receivables   19 
Amounts due from related companies   19 
Amount due from penultimate holding company   19 
Amounts due to related companies   24 
Trade and other payables   24 
The carrying amounts of these financial assets and liabilities are reasonable approximation of fair values due to their short-
term nature.
31. Capital management
The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains a healthy cashflow in order to 
support its business and maximise shareholders’ value. 
The Group does not have any external borrowings as at reporting date. The Group manages its capital structure and 
makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group 
may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders and return capital to shareholders. No significant changes were made 
in the objectives, policies or processes during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. The Group 
is not subjected to any externally imposed capital requirements.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
177

---- Page 180 ----
PARTICUlARS OF PROPERTIES
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022
location
land Area  
(Sq Metres) Existing Use Tenure
Approximate 
Age of 
Building 
(Y ears)
Net Book 
value
RM’000
Date of 
Acquisition
28, Jalan 223 
46100 Petaling 
Jaya, Selangor 
Darul Ehsan
10,007 Office
Leasehold 
expiring  
2 May 2071
12 21,836 9 March 2006
26 & 26A  
Jalan 223  
46100 Petaling 
Jaya, Selangor 
Darul Ehsan
7,934
Office, 
Warehouse 
and Shop
Leasehold 
expiring  
26 March 2069
12 19,317 19 November 2004
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
178


---- Page 181 ----
GROUP’S PHYSICAl PRESENCE 
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022
AMwAY SHOPS
AlOR SETAR
35, Taman Bandar Baru Mergong,
Lebuhraya Sultanah Bahyah, 
06250 Alor Setar, 
Kedah Darul Aman
BATU PAHAT
12, Jalan Ceria,  
Pusat Perniagaan Ceria, 
83000 Batu Pahat, 
Johor Darul Takzim
BINTUlU
Lot no. 4075, 4076, 4077, 
Parkcity Commercial Square Phase 5, 
Jalan Tun Ahmad Zaidi, 
97000 Bintulu,  
Sarawak
IPOH
8 & 10, Jalan Bercham Bistari 1, 
Medan Bercham Bistari, 
31400 Ipoh, 
Perak Darul Ridzuan
JOHOR BAHRU
57, Jalan Ponderosa 2/2, 
Taman Ponderosa, 
81100, Johor Bahru, 
Johor Darul Takzim 
KlANG
4 & 6 (Ground Floor), 
Jalan Kasuarina 11,  
Bandar Botanic, 
41200 Klang,  
Selangor Darul Ehsan
KOTA BAHRU
10 & 11, Bangunan Yakin, 
Jalan Raja Perempuan Zainab 2, 
Bandar Baru Kubang Kerian, 
16150 Kota Bharu, 
Kelantan Darul Naim
KOTA KINABAlU
Lot 6 (1st Floor) &
Lot 7 (Ground & 1st Floor), 
Block F, Sri Kepayan  
Commercial Centre,  
88200 Kota Kinabalu,  
Sabah
KUAlA TERENGGANU
24, Tingkat Bawah, 
Pusat Niaga Paya Keladi,
Kuala Terengganu, 
20000 Terengganu Darul Iman
KUANTAN
A255, Ground Floor, 
Jalan Air Putih, 
25300 Kuantan, 
Pahang Darul Makmur
KUCHING
40 & 41,  
Jalan Tun Ahmad Zaidi Adruce, 
93200 Kuching,  
Sarawak
MElAKA
108A, Jalan Berkat 15, 
Taman Malim Jaya, 
Malim Jaya,
75250 Melaka
MIRI
Lot 1740, Block 9,  
MCLD Rice Mill Road,
Kampung Bahru,  
98000 Miri,  
Sarawak
NUSA BESTARI
26G, Jalan Bestari 7/2, 
Taman Nusa Bestari, 
79150 Nusajaya,
Johor Darul Takzim
PUlAU PINANG
9 & 10, Persiaran Karpal Singh 2, 
11600 Jelutong,  
Pulau Pinang
PERAI
1797-G-07 & 08,  
Kompleks Auto World,
Jalan Perusahaan, Juru Interchange,
13600 Perai,  
Pulau Pinang
SANDAKAN
Block A, Lot SO198-SO201  
Ground Floor, One Avenue 8  
Bandar Utama, Mile 6, North Road 
90000 Sandakan,  
Sabah
SEREMBAN
255 & 256, Ground Floor,  
Jalan S2 B12, 
Uptown Avenue Seremban 2, 
70300 Seremban, 
Negeri Sembilan Darul Khusus
SIBU
25 Ground Floor,
Lorong Wong King Huo 1B,
Pekan Sibu,
96000 Sibu,  
Sarawak
TAIPING
13, 15 & 17, Tingkat Bawah, 
Jalan Medan Saujana Kamunting, 
Taman Medan Saujana Kamunting,
34600 Kamunting, Taiping  
Perak Darul Ridzuan
wANGSA MAJU
34N-0-3, Jalan Wangsa Delima 6, 
(1/27F) KLSC Section 5, 
Pusat Bandar Wangsa Maju,
53300 Kuala Lumpur
BRUNEI
6 & 7, Block A, 
Kompleks Shakirin, 
Kampong Kiulap,
Bandar Seri Begawan, 
BE1518 Brunei Darussalam
CORPORATE HEADqUARTERS
•	 Van	Andel	&	DeVos	Training	Centre	
•	 Product	Pavilion	
•	 One-stop	Customer	Service	Centre
•	 Brand	Experience	Centre
•	 Warehouse	&	Logistic	Facility
•	 Office	Block
28, Jalan 223, 46100 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan 
Tel: 03-7946 2800
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
179

---- Page 182 ----
AMwAY (MAlAYSIA) HOlDINGS BERHAD
Registration No: 199501011153 (340354-U)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
NOTICE OF ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the 28th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of AMWAY (MALAYSIA) HOLDINGS BERHAD 
(“the Company”) will be conducted entirely through live streaming from the broadcast venue at Van Andel & DeVos Training 
Centre, Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., 28, Jalan 223, 46100 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia (“Broadcast Venue”)  
on Wednesday, 24 May 2023 at 9.30 a.m. to transact the following businesses:
AGENDA
As Ordinary Business
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 together with the Directors’ and the Auditors’ Reports thereon.
(Please refer to Note 1 of 
the Explanatory Notes)
2. To re-elect Mr Michael Jonathan Duong who is retiring pursuant to Clause 76(3) of the 
Constitution of the Company (“the Constitution”).
Ordinary Resolution 1
3. To re-elect Pn Aida Binti Md Daud who is retiring pursuant to Clause 76(3) of the 
Constitution.
Ordinary Resolution 2
4. To re-elect Mr Low Han Kee who is retiring pursuant to Clause 76(3) of the Constitution. Ordinary Resolution 3
5. To re-elect Ms Ho Kim Poi who is retiring pursuant to Clause 78 of the Constitution. Ordinary Resolution 4
6. To approve the Directors’ fee of up to RM48,600 payable to Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd 
Tahir, the Chairperson and the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director, for the financial 
period from 1 January 2023 to 24 May 2023.
Ordinary Resolution 5
7. To approve the Directors’ fee of up to RM110,350 payable to En Abd Malik Bin A Rahman, 
the Audit Committee Chairman and the Independent Non-Executive Director, for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2023.
Ordinary Resolution 6
8. To approve the Directors’ fee of up to RM83,800 payable to Dato’ Abdullah Thalith Bin  
Md Thani, the Nominating Committee Chairman and the Independent Non-Executive 
Director, for the financial year ending 31 December 2023.
Ordinary Resolution 7
9. To approve the Directors’ fee of up to RM76,100 payable to Mr Low Han Kee, the  
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director, for the financial year ending 31 December 2023.
Ordinary Resolution 8
10. To approve the Directors’ fee of up to RM85,450 payable to Datin Seri Azreen Binti  
Abu Noh, the Independent Non-Executive Director, for the financial year ending 
31 December 2023.
Ordinary Resolution 9
11. To approve the Directors’ fee of up to RM69,500 payable to Pn Aida Binti Md Daud, the 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director, for the financial year ending 31 December 2023. 
Ordinary Resolution 10
12. To approve the Directors’ fee of up to RM68,600 payable to Ms Ho Kim Poi the 
Independent Non-Executive Director, for the financial year ending 31 December 2023.
Ordinary Resolution 11
13. To approve the Directors’ benefits of up to RM124,250 for the financial year ending 
31 December 2023.
Ordinary Resolution 12
14. To re-appoint Ernst & Y oung PLT as Auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors 
to fix their remuneration.
Ordinary Resolution 13
NOTICE OF ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
180


---- Page 183 ----
As Special Business
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modifications, the following Ordinary 
Resolution: 
15. Proposed Renewal of Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions of 
a Revenue or Trading Nature with Access Business Group International LLC (“ABGIL”) and 
Amway (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (“Amway (S)”) (“Proposed Renewal of Shareholders’ Mandate”)
“THAT approval be and is hereby given for the Company and/or its subsidiaries (“Group”) 
to enter into recurrent transactions of a revenue or trading nature with ABGIL and Amway 
(S) as set out in Section 2.4 of the Circular to shareholders dated 19 April 2023, which are 
subject to the approval of the Proposed Renewal of Shareholders’ Mandate, provided that 
such recurrent transactions are necessary for the day-to-day operations and are carried out 
in the ordinary course of business and at arms-length basis on normal commercial terms 
which are consistent with the Group’s normal business practices and policies and on terms 
not more favourable to the related parties than those generally available to the public and 
on terms not to the detriment of the minority shareholders;
AND THAT such approval shall be in force until:
(i) the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company (“AGM”) at which 
time it will lapse, unless by a resolution passed at that meeting, the authority is 
renewed;
(ii) the expiration of the period within which the next AGM is required to be held under 
Section 340(2) of the Companies Act 2016 (but must not extend to such extension as 
may be allowed under Section 340(4) of the Companies Act 2016); or
(iii) revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders in a general 
meeting,
whichever is the earlier;
AND THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to do all such acts 
and things (including, without limitation, to execute all such documents and to assent to any 
conditions, variations and/or amendments) in the interest of the Company to give effect to 
the aforesaid shareholders’ mandate.”
Ordinary Resolution 14
16. To transact any other business of which due notice is given in accordance with the 
Companies Act 2016 and the Constitution.
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD
WONG WAI FOONG (MAICSA 7001358)
SSM PC No. 202008001472
KUAN HUI FANG (MIA 16876)
SSM PC No. 202008001235
Company Secretaries
Kuala Lumpur
Dated this 
19 April 2023
NOTICE OF ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
181

---- Page 184 ----
Notes:
1. IMPORTANT NOTICE
The Broadcast Venue is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 which 
requires the Chairperson of the meeting to be present at the main venue of the meeting. 
Shareholders will not be allowed to attend the 28th AGM in person at the Broadcast Venue on the day of the meeting. 
Shareholders are to attend, speak (in the form of real time submission of typed texts) and vote (collectively, “participate”) 
remotely at the 28th AGM using the Remote Participation and Voting facilities (“RPV”) provided by Tricor Investor & 
Issuing House Services Sdn. Bhd. via its TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. 
Please read these Notes carefully and follow the procedures in the Information for Shareholders on 28th AGM  
in order to participate remotely via RPv.
2. For the purpose of determining who shall be entitled to participate in this AGM via RPV, the Company shall be requesting 
Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn. Bhd. to make available to the Company, the Record of Depositors as at 16 May 2023.  
Only a member whose name appears on this Record of Depositors shall be entitled to participate in this AGM via RPV.
3. A member who is entitled to participate in this AGM via RPV is entitled to appoint a proxy or attorney or in the case of a 
corporation, to appoint a duly authorised representative to participate in his/her place. A proxy may but need not be a 
member of the Company. 
4. A member of the Company who is entitled to attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company may appoint not 
more than two (2) proxies to participate instead of the member at the AGM.
5. If two (2) proxies are appointed, the entitlement of those proxies to vote on a show of hands shall be in accordance with 
the listing requirements of the stock exchange.
6. Where a member of the Company is an authorised nominee as defined in the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) 
Act 1991 (“Central Depositories Act”), it may appoint not more than two (2) proxies in respect of each securities account 
it holds in ordinary shares of the Company standing to the credit of the said securities account.
7. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company for 
multiple beneficial owners in one securities account (“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies 
which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds. An exempt authorised 
nominee refers to an authorised nominee defined under the Central Depositories Act which is exempted from 
compliance with the provisions of Section 25A(1) of the Central Depositories Act.
8. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of shareholdings to be represented by each proxy 
must be specified in the instrument appointing the proxies.
9. A member who has appointed a proxy or attorney or authorised representative to participate at the 28th AGM via RPV 
must request his/her proxy or attorney or authorised representative to register himself/herself for RPV via TIIH Online 
website at https://tiih.online. Procedures for RPV can be found in the Information for Shareholders on 28th AGM.
NOTICE OF ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
182


---- Page 185 ----
10. The appointment of a proxy may be made in a hard copy form or by electronic means in the following manner and must 
be received by the Company not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM or 
adjourned general meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes to vote:
(i) In hard copy form
In the case of an appointment made in hard copy form, the proxy form must be deposited with the Share Registrar 
of the Company at Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn. Bhd., Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical 
Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively,  
the Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8,  
Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
(ii) By electronic means
The proxy form can be electronically lodged with the Share Registrar of the Company via TIIH Online at  
https://tiih.online. Kindly refer to the Information for Shareholders on the procedures for electronic lodgement of 
proxy form via TIIH Online.
11. Please ensure ALL the particulars as required in the proxy form are completed, signed and dated accordingly.
12. Last date and time for lodging the proxy form is Monday, 22 May 2023 at 9.30 a.m.
13. Any authority pursuant to which such an appointment is made by a power of attorney must be deposited with the  
Share Registrar of the Company at Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn. Bhd., Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, 
Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively, 
the Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi,  
59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM or 
adjourned general meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes to vote. A copy of the power 
of attorney may be accepted provided that it is certified notarially and/or in accordance with the applicable legal 
requirements in the relevant jurisdiction in which it is executed. 
14. For a corporate member who has appointed an authorised representative, please deposit the ORIGINAl certificate of 
appointment of authorised representative with the Share Registrar of the Company at Tricor Investor & Issuing House 
Services Sdn. Bhd., Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan 
Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively, the Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical 
Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The certificate of appointment 
of authorised representative should be executed in the following manner:
(i) If the corporate member has a common seal, the certificate of appointment of authorised representative should be 
executed under seal in accordance with the constitution of the corporate member. 
(ii) If the corporate member does not have a common seal, the certificate of appointment of authorised representative 
should be affixed with the rubber stamp of the corporate member (if any) and executed by:
(a) at least two (2) authorised officers, of whom one shall be a director; or
(b) any director and/or authorised officers in accordance with the laws of the country under which the corporate 
member is incorporated.
15. It is important that you read the Information for Shareholders on 28th AGM. 
16. Shareholders are advised to check the Company’s website at www.amway.my and announcements from time to time for 
any changes to the administration of the 28th AGM.
NOTICE OF ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
183

---- Page 186 ----
Explanatory Notes on Ordinary Business:
1. Agenda item 1 
This agenda item is meant for discussion only as the provision of Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies Act 2016 does  
not require a formal approval of shareholders for the Audited Financial Statements. Hence, this item on the Agenda is 
not put forward for voting.
2. Ordinary Resolutions 1 to 4
Please refer to the Statement Accompanying the Notice of AGM for information. 
3. Ordinary Resolutions 5 to 11
Pursuant to Section 230(1) of the Companies Act 2016, the fees of the directors, and any benefits payable to the 
directors of a listed company and its subsidiaries shall be approved at the general meeting.
The fee structure for the Board Chairperson, Non-Executive Board members, Chairmen of the Board Committees and 
Board Committee members for the financial year ending 31 December 2023 remains the same as the preceding 
financial year. The total amount of Directors’ fees sought from the shareholders for the financial year ending  
31 December 2023 is RM542,400.
With regards to Ordinary Resolutions 5, 6 and 11, Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir has indicated that she will resign as 
the Chairperson of the Board immediately after the conclusion of the AGM. In conjunction with her resignation,  
En Abd Malik Bin A Rahman will be redesignated as the Chairman of the Board and Senior Independent Non-Executive 
Director and Ms Ho Kim Poi will be redesignated as the Audit Committee Chairperson.
In the event new Director(s) is/are appointed after the AGM on 24 May 2023, the Company would seek approval for the 
payment of fees to the new Director(s) at the next AGM.
4. Ordinary Resolution 12
The proposed Directors’ benefits under Ordinary Resolution 12 are based on the current number of Directors on the 
Board and scheduled Board and Committee Meetings for the financial year ending 31 December 2023. In the event the 
proposed amount is insufficient, approval will be sought at the next AGM for the shortfall.
5. Ordinary Resolution 13
The Board has through the Audit Committee, considered the re-appointment of Ernst & Y oung PLT as Auditors of the 
Company. The factors considered by the Audit Committee in making the recommendation to the Board to table their 
re-appointment at the 28th AGM are disclosed in the Corporate Governance Overview Statement of this Annual Report.
Explanatory Note on Special Business
1. Ordinary Resolution 14
This Resolution, if passed, will allow the Group to renew its existing mandate obtained at the 27th AGM held on 25 
May 2022 to enter into recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature with ABGIL and Amway (S) 
in the ordinary course of business, and the necessity to convene separate general meetings from time to time to seek 
shareholders’ approval as and when such recurrent related transactions occur would not arise. Besides facilitating a 
smoother and more efficient conduct of business, this would substantially reduce administrative time, inconvenience, 
expenses associated with the convening of such meetings and would place the Group in a better position to leverage 
and take advantage of business opportunities as and when they may arise, without compromising the corporate 
objectives of the Group. The shareholders’ mandate is subject to renewal on an annual basis. 
Please refer to the Circular to Shareholders dated 19 April 2023 for further details.
NOTICE OF ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
184


---- Page 187 ----
There are no individuals standing for election/appointment as Directors at the 28th Annual General Meeting.
Mr Michael Jonathan Duong, Pn Aida Binti Md Daud, Mr Low Han Kee and Ms Ho Kim Poi (“Retiring Directors”) are standing for  
re-election as Directors of the Company and being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election at the 28th AGM. Their 
profiles can be found on pages 75, 76, 81 and 82 of the Annual Report 2022.
The Nominating Committee (“NC”) conducts a Board Effectiveness Evaluation (“BEE”) annually to determine whether the 
Board, Board Committees and Directors are performing and discharging their duties effectively. The Board is satisfied with the 
overall results of the BEE conducted for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
The Retiring Directors meet the criteria prescribed under Paragraph 2.20A of the Main Market Listing Requirement (“MMLR”) 
of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad on character, experience, integrity, competence and time to effectively discharge their 
roles as Directors. None of the Retiring Directors has any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest 
in any business that is in competition with the Company or its subsidiaries.
The NC has conducted a review and assessment of the Retiring Directors in accordance with the Directors’ Fit and Proper 
Policy and is satisfied that they have met the criteria prescribed by the said Policy. 
Contributions and reasons for the Retiring Directors’ re-election are as follows:
1. Mr Michael Jonathan Duong
Mr Michael Jonathan Duong was appointed as the Executive Director of the Company on 1 January 2017 and 
redesignated as the Managing Director on 1 May 2018. 
Having started his career in Amway in 2008, the Board believes that Mr Michael Jonathan Duong’s in-depth 
understanding of Amway’s operations and the direct selling industry together with his strong leadership skills are all 
hugely beneficial to the Company and essential to delivering the Company’s strategic priorities in the years ahead.
2. Pn Aida Binti Md Daud
Pn Aida Binti Md Daud was appointed as the Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director of the Company on  
21 August 2019. 
With over 30 years of experience in research, company and industry analysis as well as human capital management 
and talent development, the Board believes her extensive experience in the field of human resources provides a strong 
addition to the skill sets on the Board. 
3. Mr Low Han Kee
Mr Low Han Kee was appointed Director of the Company on 6 June 1996. On 1 September 1998, he took over the 
helm as the Managing Director of the Company until his retirement from this position on 31 January 2016. 
The Board is of the view that his past senior leadership role combined with his sharp and incisive thinking, enables him 
to bring essential insight to the Board and Audit Committee discussions.
4. Ms Ho Kim Poi
Ms Ho Kim Poi was appointed as the Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 15 March 2023.
The Board believes that she brings significant value to the Board with her experience of more than 30 years in finance 
and human resources and strong track record in senior management and leadership roles. Ms Ho Kim Poi will take on 
the role as Chairperson of the Audit Committee upon the conclusion of the 28th AGM.
The Board (save for the Retiring Directors who have abstained from deliberation on discussions relating to their own re-election), 
believes that the contribution, commitment, and performance of the Retiring Directors continue to be invaluable and relevant 
to the long-term sustainable goals and success of the Company and strongly supports their re-election as Directors.
STATEMENT ACCOMPANYING
THE NOTICE OF ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
PURSUANT TO PARAGRAPH 8.27(2) OF THE MAIN MARKET lISTING 
REqUIREMENTS OF BURSA MAlAYSIA SECURITIES BERHAD
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
185

---- Page 188 ----
ANAlYSIS OF SHAREHOlDINGS
AS AT 15 MARCH 2023
No. of Issued Shares : 164,385,645 Ordinary Shares
Class of Shares  : Ordinary Shares
Voting Rights : One vote per share
ANAlYSIS OF SHAREHOlDINGS
Distribution of shareholdings according to size:
Size of Holdings No. of Shareholders/ 
 Depositors   %  No. of Shares Held %
1 – 99  446 8.33 8,618 0.01
100 – 1,000  2,187 40.84 1,422,832 0.87
1,001 – 10,000  2,375 44.35 7,900,185 4.81
10,001 – 100,000 319 5.96 7,502,494 4.56
100,001 – 8,219,281 24 0.45 15,378,800 9.35
8,219,282 and above 4 0.07 132,172,716 80.40
Total 5,355 100.00 164,385,645 100.00
SUBSTANTIAl SHAREHOlDERS
(As per Register of Substantial Shareholders)
 <----------------- Direct -----------------> <------------------ Indirect -------------->
Size of Shareholders  No. of Shares held %  No. of Shares held  %
GDA B.V. (“GDA”) 84,990,283 51.70 - -
Amway Nederland Ltd. (“Amway Nederland”) - - 84,990,283*i 51.70
Amway International Inc. (“Amway International”)                   - - 84,990,283*ii 51.70
Alticor Inc. (“Alticor”) - - 84,990,283*iii 51.70
Solstice Holdings Inc. (“SHI”) - - 84,990,283*iv 51.70
Alticor Global Holdings Inc. (“AGH”)*vi - - 84,990,283 *v 51.70
AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad  
– Skim Amanah Saham Bumiputera 21,667,000 13.18 - -
Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 14,481,700 8.81 548,600 0.33
Employees Provident Fund Board 11,033,733 6.71 - -
Notes:
*i Deemed interest by virtue of its interest in GDA pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 2016.
*ii Deemed interest by virtue of its interest in Amway Nederland pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 2016.
*iii Deemed interest by virtue of its interest in Amway International pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 2016.
*iv Deemed interest by virtue of its interest in Alticor pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 2016.
*v Deemed interest by virtue of its interest in SHI pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 2016.
*vi The equity interests in AGH are wholly held by certain trusts established by Jay Van Andel and Richard M. DeVos,  
the co-founders of the AGH group of companies or members of their immediate families. 
SHAREHOlDINGS OF DIRECTORS
(As per Register of Directors’ Shareholdings)
 <----------------- Direct -----------------> <------------------ Indirect -------------->
Name Of Directors No. of Shares held % No. of Shares held %
Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir - - - -
Michael Jonathan Duong - - - -
Low Han Kee  - - - -
Scott Russell Balfour  - - - -
Dato’ Abdullah Thalith Bin Md Thani - - - -
Abd Malik Bin A Rahman 1,000 Neg. - -
Datin Seri Azreen Binti Abu Noh - - - -
Aida Binti Md Daud - - - -
Ho Kim Poi - - - -
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
186


---- Page 189 ----
ANAlYSIS OF SHAREHOlDINGS
AS AT 15 MARCH 2023
THIRTY lARGEST SHAREHOlDERS
Name No. of Shares Held %
1. GDA B.V. 84,990,283 51.70
2. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 21,667,000 13.18
 – Amanah Saham Bumiputera  
3. Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 14,481,700 8.81
4. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 11,033,733 6.71
 – Employees Provident Fund Board  
5. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 8,000,000 4.87
 – Amanah Saham Malaysia  
6. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 2,884,300 1.75
 – Amanah Saham Bumiputera 2  
7. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 834,900 0.51
 – Public Dividend Select Fund  
8. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 548,600 0.33
 – Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) (Kenanga)  
9. Public Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 385,000 0.23
 – Pledged Securities Account for Chew Er Hong (E-KPG)  
10. Public Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 225,100 0.14
 – Pledged Securities Account for Lee Sey Liang (KLC/KEN)  
11. Chua Soon Gin 199,700 0.12
12. Teo Chiang Hong 195,000 0.12
13. AMSEC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 191,500 0.12
 – Pledged Securities Account – Ambank (M) Berhad  
   for Ho Teik Chuan @ Ho Sonney (SMART)  
14. Ang Lay Pheng  180,000 0.11
15. Public Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 180,000 0.11
 – Pledged Securities Account for Skyture Capital Sdn Bhd (KL C/PIV)  
16. Public Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 165,400 0.10
 – Pledged Securities Account for Ng Thong Kook (E-SS2)  
17. Kalsom Binti Ahmad 134,000 0.08
18. Ajeet Kaur A/P Inder Singh 128,700 0.08
19. Mehar Singh @ Mehar Singh Gill 127,000 0.08
20. Boh Plantations Sdn Berhad 122,500 0.07
21. New Tong Fong Plywood Sdn Bhd 120,000 0.07
22. Hong Weng Hwa 116,900 0.07
23 Y eoh Saik Khoo Sendirian Berhad 114,500 0.07
24. Public Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 110,000 0.07
 – Pledged Securities Account for Choo Ghee Eng (E-KBU)  
25. Maisarah Binti Ramli 106,000 0.06
26. Maybank Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 105,200 0.06
 – Chua Eng Ho Wa’a @ Chua Eng Wah  
27. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad 103,500 0.06
 – ARB for Yayasan Tun Ismail Mohamed Ali (Berdaftar)  
28. Lim Ng Kiat 101,000 0.06
29. Koo Sing Huat 92,800 0.06
30. Khoo Loon See 90,000 0.05
  147,734,316 89.87 
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
187

---- Page 190 ----
INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOlDERS
ON 28TH ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
Date :  Wednesday, 24 May 2023
Time :  9.30 a.m.
Broadcast Venue :  Van Andel & DeVos Training Centre 
   Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. 
   28, Jalan 223, 46100 Petaling Jaya  
   Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
The 28th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will be conducted entirely through live streaming from the Broadcast Venue. 
The Broadcast Venue is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 which requires 
the Chairperson of the meeting to be present at the main venue of the meeting. Shareholders will not be allowed to attend the 
28th AGM in person at the Broadcast Venue on the day of the meeting.
We strongly encourage you to attend the 28th AGM via the Remote Participation and Voting (“RPV”) facilities. Y ou may also 
consider appointing the Chairperson of the Meeting as your proxy to attend and vote on your behalf at the 28th AGM.
REMOTE PARTICIPATION AND vOTING
The RPV facilities are available on Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn. Bhd. (“Tricor”)’s TIIH Online website at  
https://tiih.online.
Shareholders are to attend, speak (in the form of real time submission of typed texts) and vote (collectively, “participate”) 
remotely at the 28th AGM using RPV facilities from Tricor.
Kindly refer to the Procedures for RPV as set out below for the requirements and procedures.
PROCEDURES FOR REMOTE PARTICIPATION AND vOTING vIA RPv FACIlITIES
Please read and follow the procedures below to engage in remote participation through live streaming and online remote 
voting at the 28th AGM using the RPV facilities:
Before the 28th AGM Day
Procedure Action
(i) Register as a user with  
TIIH Online
•	 Using	your	computer,	access	to	website	at	https://tiih.online. Register as a user 
under the “e-Services” and select “Create Account by Individual Holder”. 
Refer to the tutorial guide posted on the homepage for assistance.
•	 Registration	as	a	user	will	be	approved	within	one	(1)	working	day	and	you	will	
be notified via e-mail.
•	 If	you	are	already	a	user	with	TIIH	Online,	you	are	not	required	to	register	as	a	
user again. Y ou will receive an e-mail to notify you that the remote participation 
for the 28th AGM is available for registration at TIIH Online.
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
188


---- Page 191 ----
INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOlDERS
ON 28TH ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
Procedure Action
(ii) Submit your request to attend  
28th AGM remotely
•	 Registration	is	open	from	Wednesday,	19	April	2023	until	the	day	of	 
28th AGM on Wednesday, 24 May 2023. Shareholder(s) or proxy(ies) or 
corporate representative(s) or attorney(s) are required to pre-register their 
attendance for the 28th AGM to ascertain their eligibility to participate the  
28th AGM using the RPV.
•	 Login	with	your	user	ID	(i.e.	e-mail	address)	and	password	and	select	the	
corporate event: 
(Registration) Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad 28th AGM
•	 Read	and	agree	to	the	Terms	&	Conditions	and	confirm	the	Declaration.
•	 Select	“Register	for	Remote	Participation	and	Voting”.
•	 Review	your	registration	and	proceed	to	register.
•	 System	will	send	an	e-mail to notify that your registration for remote 
participation is received and will be verified.
•	 After	verification	of	your	registration	against	the	Record	of	Depositors	as	at	 
16 May 2023, the system will send you an e-mail after 22 May 2023 to 
approve or reject your registration for remote participation.
(Note: Please allow sufficient time for approval of new user of TIIH Online and 
registration for the RPV).
On the 28th AGM Day
(i) Login to TIIH Online •	 Login	with	your	user	ID	and	password	for	remote	participation	at	the	28th AGM 
at any time from 8.30 a.m. i.e. 1 hour before the commencement of meeting at 
9.30 a.m. on Wednesday, 24 May 2023.
(ii) Participate through  
Live Streaming
•	 Select	the	corporate	event: 
(live Stream Meeting) Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad 28th AGM to 
engage in the proceedings of the 28th AGM remotely.
•	 If	you	have	any	question	for	the	Chairperson/Board,	you	may	use	the	query	
box to transmit your question. The Chairperson/Board will try to respond to 
questions submitted by remote participants during the 28th AGM. If there is time 
constraint, the responses will be e-mailed to you at the earliest possible, after 
the meeting.
(iii) Online remote voting •	 Voting	session	commences	from	9:30	a.m.	on	Wednesday,	24	May	2023	until	a	
time when the Chairperson announces the end of the session.
•	 Select	the	corporate	event: 
(Remote voting) Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad 28th AGM or if you are 
on the live stream meeting page, you can select “GO TO REMOTE vOTING 
PAGE” button below the Query Box.
•	 Read	and	agree	to	the	Terms	&	Conditions	and	confirm	the	Declaration.
•	 Select	the	CDS	account	that	represents	your	shareholdings.
•	 Indicate	your	votes	for	the	resolutions	that	are	tabled	for	voting.
•	 Confirm	and	submit	your	votes.
(iv) End of remote participation •	 Upon	the	announcement	by	the	Chairperson	on	the	conclusion	of	the	 
28th AGM, the Live Streaming will end.
Notes to users of the RPv facilities:
(i) Should your registration for RPV be approved, we will make available to you the rights to join the live stream meeting 
and to vote remotely. Y our login to TIIH Online on the day of meeting will indicate your presence at the virtual meeting.
(ii) The quality of your connection to the live broadcast is dependent on the bandwidth and stability of the internet at your 
location and the device you use.
(iii) In the event you encounter any issues with logging-in, connection to the live stream meeting or online voting on 
the meeting day, kindly call Tricor Help Line at 011-40805616/011-40803168/011-40803169/011-40803170 for 
assistance or e-mail to tiih.online@my.tricorglobal.com for assistance.
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
189

---- Page 192 ----
ENTITlEMENT TO PARTICIPATE AND APPOINTMENT OF PROXY
Only members whose names appear on the Record of Depositors as at 16 May 2023 shall be eligible to attend, speak and 
vote at the 28th AGM or appoint a proxy(ies) and/or the Chairperson of the Meeting to attend and vote on his/her behalf.
In view that the 28th AGM will be conducted on a virtual basis, a member can appoint the Chairperson of the Meeting as  
his/her proxy and indicate the voting instruction in the Proxy Form.
If you wish to participate in the 28th AGM yourself, please do not submit any Proxy Form for the 28th AGM. You will not be 
allowed to participate in the 28th AGM together with a proxy appointed by you.
Accordingly, proxy forms and/or documents relating to the appointment of proxy/corporate representative/attorney for the 
28th AGM whether in hard copy or by electronic means shall be deposited or submitted in the following manner not later than 
Monday, 22 May 2023 at 9.30 a.m:
(i) In Hard copy:
(a) By hand or post to the office of the Share Registrar, Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd at Unit 
32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala 
Lumpur or its Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South,  
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur;
(b) By fax at 03-2783 9222 or e-mail to is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com.
(ii) By Electronic form:
All shareholders can have the option to submit proxy forms electronically via TIIH Online and the steps to submit are 
summarised below:
Procedure Action
(i) Steps for Individual Shareholders
Register as a user with  
TIIH Online
•	 Using	your	computer,	please	access	the	website	at	https://tiih.online. Register 
as a user under the “e-Services”. Please refer to the tutorial guide posted on 
the homepage for assistance.
•	 If	you	are	already	a	user	with	TIIH	Online,	you	are	not	required	to	register	 
as a user again.
Proceed with submission of 
Proxy Form
•	 After	the	release	of	the	Notice	of	Meeting	by	the	Company	on	Wednesday,	 
19 April 2023, login with your username (i.e. email address) and password.
•	 Select	the	corporate	event:	Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad  
28th AGM – “Submission of Proxy Form”.
•	 Read	and	agree	to	the	Terms	and	Conditions	and	confirm	the	Declaration.
•	 Insert	your	CDS	account	number	and	indicate	the	number	of	shares	for	your	
proxy(ies) to vote on your behalf.
•	 Indicate	your	voting	instructions	–	FOR	or	AGAINST,	otherwise	your	proxy	will	
decide on your votes.
•	 Review	and	confirm	your	proxy(ies)	appointment.
•	 Print	the	Proxy	Form	for	your	record.
INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOlDERS
ON 28TH ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
190


---- Page 193 ----
Procedure Action
(ii) Steps for corporation or institutional shareholders
Register as a User with  
TIIH Online
•	 Access	TIIH	Online	at	https://tiih.online
•	 Under	e-Services,	the	authorised	or	nominated	representative	of	the	
corporation or institutional shareholder selects “Create Account by 
Representative of Corporate Holder”.
•	 Complete	the	registration	form	and	upload	the	required	documents.
•	 Registration	will	be	verified,	and	you	will	be	notified	by	email	within	one	(1)	 
to two (2) working days.
•	 Proceed	to	activate	your	account	with	the	temporary	password	given 
in the email and re-set your own password.
Note: The representative of a corporation or institutional shareholder must 
register as a user in accordance with the above steps before he/she can 
subscribe to this corporate holder electronic proxy submission. Please contact 
our Share Registrar if you need clarifications on the user registration.
Proceed with submission of 
Proxy Form
•	 Login	to	TIIH	Online	at	https://tiih.online
•	 Select	the	corporate	exercise	name:	“Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad 
28th AGM – “Submission of Proxy Form”.
•	 Agree	to	the	Terms	&	Conditions	and	Declaration.
•	 Proceed	to	download	the	file	format	for	“Submission	of	Proxy	Form”	 
in accordance with the Guidance Note set therein.
•	 Prepare	the	file	for	the	appointment	of	proxy(ies)	by	inserting	the	required	
data.
•	 Submit	the	proxy	appointment	file.
•	 Proceed	to	upload	the	duly	completed	proxy	appointment	file.
•	 Select	“Submit”	to	complete	your	submission.
•	 Print	the	confirmation	report	of	your	submission	for	your	record.
vOTING AT MEETING
The voting at the 28th AGM will be conducted on a poll pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A of the Main Market Listing Requirements 
of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”). The Company has appointed Tricor to conduct the poll voting 
electronically (“e-voting”) via Tricor e-Vote application (“Tricor e-Vote App”) and Coopers Professional Scrutineers Sdn Bhd as 
Independent Scrutineers to verify the poll results.
Shareholders can proceed to vote on the resolutions before the end of the voting session which will be announced by the 
Chairperson of the Meeting and submit your votes at any time from the commencement of the 28th AGM at 9.30 a.m. Kindly 
refer to “Procedures for Remote Participation and Voting via RPV Facilities” provided above for guidance on how to vote 
remotely via TIIH Online.
RESUlTS OF THE vOTING
The resolutions proposed at the 28th AGM and the results of the voting will be announced at the 28th AGM and subsequently 
via an announcement made by the Company through Bursa Securities at www.bursamalaysia.com.
INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOlDERS
ON 28TH ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
Sustainability 
Statement
How We are  
Governed
Financial 
Statements
Other 
Information
Our Significant Events 
& Achievements
Our Strategy and  
Performance Review
191

---- Page 194 ----
PRE-MEETING SUBMISSION OF qUESTIONS TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board recognises that the 28th AGM is a valuable opportunity for the Board to engage with shareholders. In order to 
enhance the efficiency of the proceedings of the 28th AGM, shareholders may in advance, before the 28th AGM, submit 
questions to the Board of Directors via Tricor’s TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online, by selecting “e-Services” to login, post 
your questions and submit it electronically no later than Monday, 22 May 2023. The Board of Directors will endeavour to 
address the questions received at the 28th AGM.
ANNUAl REPORT
The Annual Report is available on:
The Company’s website – https://www.amway.my/about-amway/investor-relations/annual-reports-announcements; and 
Bursa Securities’s website – www.bursamalaysia.com under Company’s announcements.
Y ou may request for a printed copy of the Annual Report at https://tiih.online by selecting “Request for Annual Report” 
under the “Investor Services”.
Kindly consider the environment before you decide to request for the printed copy of the Annual Report. The environmental 
concerns like global warming, deforestation, climate change and many more affect every human, animal and nation on this 
planet.
NO DOOR GIFT/FOOD vOUCHER
There will be no distribution of door gifts or food vouchers for the 28th AGM since the meeting is being conducted on a virtual 
basis.
Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad would like to thank all its shareholders for their co-operation and understanding in these 
challenging times.
ENqUIRY
If you have any enquiry prior to the meeting, please call our Share Registrar, Tricor at +603-2783 9299 during office hours 
i.e. from 8.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. (Monday to Friday, except on public holidays).
INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOlDERS
ON 28TH ANNUAl GENERAl MEETING
AmwAy (mAlAysiA) Holdings BerHAd
AnnuAl RepoRt 2022
192


---- Page 195 ----
PROXY FORM
^I/We ____________________________________________________________________  NRIC/Passport/Company No.:  ____________________________
[Full name in block and as per NRIC/passport]
Tel/HP No: __________________________________ of ___________________________________________________________________________________
(Full Address)
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
being member(s) of Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Berhad, hereby appoint:
Full Name (in Block and as per NRIC/Passport) NRIC/Passport No. 
 
Proportion of Shareholdings
No. of Shares %
Address 
and
Full Name (in Block and as per NRIC/Passport) NRIC/Passport No. 
 
Proportion of Shareholdings
No. of Shares %
Address 
or failing ^him/her, the Chairperson of the Meeting, as ^my/our proxy/proxies to vote for ^me/us and on ^my/our behalf at the 28th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of 
the Company which will be conducted entirely through live streaming from the broadcast venue at Van Andel & DeVos Training Centre, Amway (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., 
28, Jalan 223, 46100 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia (“Broadcast Venue”) on Wednesday, 24 May 2023 at 9.30 a.m. or any adjournment thereof, 
and to vote as indicated below:
Description of Resolution Resolution FOR AGAINST 
1. Re-election of Mr Michael Jonathan Duong as Director Ordinary Resolution 1
2. Re-election of Pn Aida Binti Md Daud as Director Ordinary Resolution 2
3. Re-election of Mr Low Han Kee as Director Ordinary Resolution 3
4. Re-election of Ms Ho Kim Poi as Director Ordinary Resolution 4
5. Approval of Directors’ fee of up to RM48,600 payable to Tan Sri Faizah Binti Mohd Tahir, the 
Chairperson and the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director for the financial period from  
1 January 2023 to 24 May 2023
Ordinary Resolution 5
6. Approval of the Directors’ fee of up to RM110,350 payable to En Abd Malik Bin A Rahman, the Audit 
Committee Chairman and the Independent Non-Executive Director for the financial year ending  
31 December 2023
Ordinary Resolution 6
7. Approval of the Directors’ fee of up to RM83,800 payable to Dato’ Abdullah Thalith Bin Md Thani,  
the Nominating Committee Chairman and the Independent Non-Executive Director for the financial 
year ending 31 December 2023
Ordinary Resolution 7
8. Approval of the Directors’ fee of up to RM76,100 payable to Mr Low Han Kee, the Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director for the financial year ending 31 December 2023
Ordinary Resolution 8
9. Approval of the Directors’ fee of up to RM85,450 payable to Datin Seri Azreen Binti Abu Noh,  
the Independent Non-Executive Director for the financial year ending 31 December 2023
Ordinary Resolution 9
10. Approval of the Directors’ fee of up to RM69,500 payable to Pn Aida Binti Md Daud, the  
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director for the financial year ending 31 December 2023
Ordinary Resolution 10
11. Approval of the Directors’ fee of up to RM68,600 payable to Ms Ho Kim Poi, the Independent  
Non-Executive Director for the financial year ending 31 December 2023
Ordinary Resolution 11
12. Approval of the Directors’ benefits of up to RM124,250 for the financial year ending  
31 December 2023
Ordinary Resolution 12
13. Re-appointment of Ernst & Y oung PLT as Auditors of the Company and authority to the Directors  
to fix their remuneration
Ordinary Resolution 13
14. Proposed Renewal of Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions  
of a Revenue or Trading Nature
Ordinary Resolution 14
(Please indicate with an “X” in the space provided whether you wish your votes to be cast for or against the resolutions. In the absence of specific direction, 
your proxy will vote or abstain as he/she thinks fit.)
Date this _______________ day of _________________________, 2023.  ___________________________________________________
 Signature* 
 Member
^ Delete whichever is inapplicable
*  Manner of execution:
(a) If you are an individual member, please sign where indicated.
(b) If you are a corporate member which has a common seal, this proxy form should be executed under seal in accordance with the constitution of your corporation.
(c) If you are a corporate member which does not have a common seal, this proxy form should be affixed with the rubber stamp of your company (if any) and 
executed by:
(i) at least two (2) authorised officers, of whom one shall be a director; or
(ii) any director and/or authorised officers in accordance with the laws of the country under which your corporation is incorporated.
AMwAY (MAlAYSIA) HOlDINGS BERHAD
Registration No: 199501011153 (340354-U)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
No. of shares held CDS Account No.

---- Page 196 ----
Notes:
1. IMPORTANT NOTICE 
The Broadcast Venue is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of 
the Companies Act 2016 which requires the Chairperson of the meeting to be present 
at the main venue of the meeting.
Shareholders will not be allowed to attend the 28th AGM in person at the Broadcast 
Venue on the day of the meeting.
Shareholders are to attend, speak (in the form of real time submission of typed texts) 
and vote (collectively, “participate”) remotely at the 28th AGM using the Remote 
Participation and Voting facilities (“RPV”) provided by Tricor Investor & Issuing House 
Services Sdn. Bhd. via its TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online.
Please read these Notes carefully and follow the procedures in the Information 
for Shareholders on 28th AGM in order to participate remotely via RPv.
2. For the purpose of determining who shall be entitled to participate in this AGM 
via RPV, the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn. Bhd. to 
make available to the Company, the Record of Depositors as at 16 May 2023. Only 
a member whose name appears on this Record of Depositors shall be entitled to 
participate in this AGM via RPV.
3. A member who is entitled to participate in this AGM via RPV is entitled to appoint 
a proxy or attorney or in the case of a corporation, to appoint a duly authorised 
representative to participate in his/her place. A proxy may but need not be a member of 
the Company.
4. A member of the Company who is entitled to attend and vote at a general meeting of 
the Company may appoint not more than two (2) proxies to participate instead of the 
member at the AGM.
5. If two (2) proxies are appointed, the entitlement of those proxies to vote on a show of 
hands shall be in accordance with the listing requirements of the stock exchange.
6. Where a member of the Company is an authorised nominee as defined in the Securities 
Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 (“Central Depositories Act”), it may appoint 
not more than two (2) proxies in respect of each securities account it holds in ordinary 
shares of the Company standing to the credit of the said securities account.
7. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds 
ordinary shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one securities account 
(“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt 
authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds.  
An exempt authorised nominee refers to an authorised nominee defined under the 
Central Depositories Act which is exempted from compliance with the provisions of 
Section 25A(1) of the Central Depositories Act.
8. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of shareholdings 
to be represented by each proxy must be specified in the instrument appointing the 
proxies.
9. A member who has appointed a proxy or attorney or authorised representative to 
participate at the 28th AGM via RPV must request his/her proxy or attorney or authorised 
representative to register himself/herself for RPV via TIIH Online website at  
https://tiih.online. Procedures for RPV can be found in the Information for Shareholders 
on 28th AGM.
10. The appointment of a proxy may be made in a hard copy form or by electronic means 
in the following manner and must be received by the Company not less than forty-eight 
(48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM or adjourned general meeting 
at which the person named in the appointment proposes to vote:
(i) In hard copy form
In the case of an appointment made in hard copy form, the proxy form must be 
deposited with the Share Registrar of the Company at Tricor Investor & Issuing 
House Services Sdn. Bhd., Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, 
Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
or alternatively, the Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical 
Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, 
Malaysia.
(ii) By electronic means
The proxy form can be electronically lodged with the Share Registrar of the 
Company via TIIH Online at https://tiih.online. Kindly refer to the Information for 
Shareholders on the procedures for electronic lodgement of proxy form via  
TIIH Online.
11. Please ensure ALL the particulars as required in the proxy form are completed, signed 
and dated accordingly.
12. Last date and time for lodging the proxy form is Monday, 22 May 2023 at 9.30 a.m.
13. Any authority pursuant to which such an appointment is made by a power of attorney 
must be deposited with the Share Registrar of the Company at Tricor Investor & Issuing 
House Services Sdn. Bhd., Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, 
Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or 
alternatively, the Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, 
Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia not less 
than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM or adjourned 
general meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes to vote.  
A copy of the power of attorney may be accepted provided that it is certified notarially 
and/or in accordance with the applicable legal requirements in the relevant jurisdiction 
in which it is executed.
14. For a corporate member who has appointed an authorised representative, please 
deposit the ORIGINAl certificate of appointment of authorised representative with the 
Share Registrar of the Company at Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn. Bhd.,  
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, 
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively, the Customer 
Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, 
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The certificate of appointment of 
authorised representative should be executed in the following manner:
(i) If the corporate member has a common seal, the certificate of appointment of 
authorised representative should be executed under seal in accordance with the 
constitution of the corporate member.
(ii) If the corporate member does not have a common seal, the certificate of 
appointment of authorised representative should be affixed with the rubber stamp 
of the corporate member (if any) and executed by:
(a) at least two (2) authorised officers, of whom one shall be a director; or
(b) any director and/or authorised officers in accordance with the laws of the 
country under which the corporate member is incorporated.
The Share Registrar 
TRICOR INvESTOR & ISSUING HOUSE SERvICES SDN. BHD. 
(Registration No.: 197101000970 (11324-H)
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, 
Vertical Business Suite Avenue 3, Bangsar South, 
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi 59200 Kuala Lumpur
AFFIX STAMP
fold here along dotted line
fold here along dotted line

---- Page 197 ----
This page was intentionally left blank

---- Page 198 ----
This page was intentionally left blank

---- Page 199 ----


---- Page 200 ----