---- Page 1 ----
DISCOVER  
AMAZING
INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Company No.
201101004392 (932533-V)


---- Page 2 ----
Imagine a world where you’ll discover 
something amazing around every corner.
Where every step is filled with possibilities.
The possibility of creating memories, amazing stories.
Both homegrown and from around the world.
Amazing thrills and laughs. 
With amazing experiences.
At Astro, we are building worlds where people belong.
With every tech innovation, with every service, 
every piece of content,
with every voice and talent that we amplify.
We are creating moments that matter, 
memories that last.
We are creating a new place where you can
Discover Amazing.


---- Page 3 ----


---- Page 4 ----
About This Report
Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad’s (AMH or 
Astro) Integrated Annual Report 2024 (IAR2024) 
provides a holistic, balanced overview of our 
financial and operational performance, as well 
as strategies in place to manage our business 
context and material matters. This defines 
how we deliver value for our stakeholders, 
including our customers, employees, community 
and shareholders. Through these enhanced 
disclosures, investors can better understand our 
business prospects to facilitate their decision-
making process. This report includes financial and  
non-financial information that is relevant and 
accurate as at time of publication pertaining to 
our financial year ended 31 January 2024 (FY24), 
unless otherwise stated.
Reporting Principles and Frameworks 
This IAR2024 complies with the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad 
Main Market Listing Requirements (MMLR) and is guided by the 
International Integrated Reporting Framework issued by the 
International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC). The provisions 
of the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021 (MCCG) 
are also applied, unless otherwise stated in the accompanying 
Corporate Governance (CG) Report.
Our sustainability-related disclosures are in accordance with the 
MMLR. Where possible, we report on indicators with reference 
to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 2021, Bursa 
Malaysia’s Sustainability Reporting requirements, Task Force on  
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDG).
AMH’s audited financial statements for FY24, available in the 
accompanying <Audited Financial Statements 2024>, have been 
prepared in accordance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting 
Standards (MFRS), the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) and the Companies Act 2016 (Act).
Scope and Boundaries
The scope of our disclosures, including sustainability-related 
disclosures, encompasses all business entities under our Group, 
comprising wholly-owned entities and subsidiaries where we 
have operational control. This remains unchanged compared 
to the previous year. These disclosures cover the period from  
1 February 2023 to 31 January 2024, unless otherwise stated. 
Building upon our previous publication, the flow and presentation 
of IAR2024 has been enhanced to be more concise, providing  
better insights to our strategy and prospects over the longer term.
We restated all sustainability-related past year data to a financial, 
instead of calendar, year basis to align with Bursa Malaysia’s 
Sustainability Reporting Guide 2022 requirements.
Our Value Creation Process
We reaffirmed our material matters in FY24 via a limited-scale 
internal materiality review, and identified emerging opportunities 
and risks through our risk assessment framework. Our strategic 
response to these material matters is addressed through Astro’s 
three Strategic Drivers, namely Content, Products, and Sustainability.
Embedding sustainability as a corporate imperative, we harness 
our six Capitals (per page 16) to create long-term sustainable 
outcomes for stakeholders, encompassing returns for shareholders, 
promoting employee well-being, empowering and developing 
local communities while minimising our carbon footprint for a  
greener planet.
Approval by the Board
Our Board has collectively reviewed this report as guided by 
the IIRC’s International Integrated Reporting Framework and 
acknowledges its responsibility in ensuring the integrity of 
this IAR2024 through good governance practices and internal  
reporting procedures. 
Forward-looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements which are based 
on current estimates and projections of AMH’s management and 
currently available information. These forward-looking statements 
relate to the plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations 
and performance of AMH and its subsidiaries. They are not 
guarantees of the future developments and results outlined as  
they are dependent on a number of factors which involve various 
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Such factors include 
those laid out in the Key Business Risks and Opportunities 
on pages 21 to 25 and the Statement on Risk Management 
and Internal Control (SORMIC) on pages 132 to 138. As such,  
AMH provides no representation in respect of these statements 
and disclaims all liability whatsoever (whether in negligence or 
otherwise) for any loss, damage, costs or expenses however 
arising out of or in connection with these statements and this 
report. AMH does not assume any obligation to update the  
forward-looking statements contained in this report.
ASTRO’S THREE STRATEGIC DRIVERS
Navigation
We utilise the icons below throughout this report to link our 
material matters and key business risks to our strategies 
and outcomes:
This Integrated Annual Report 2024 is printed on FSC-certified 
paper
Our Integrated Annual Report 
2024 is accessible at  
corporate.astro.com.my/ar2024 
or by scanning this QR code.
Content
Products
Sustainability (ESG)
• Environmental
• Social
• Governance
ESG Recognition
AMH is a founding constituent of the 
FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index. In 2022, 
2023 and 2024, AMH was recognised by 
Sustainalytics as an ESG Regional Top Rated 
company, ranking among the Top 7% of all 
companies globally.
Constituent of FTSE4Good 
Bursa Malaysia Index since 
December 2013


---- Page 5 ----
Astro at a Glance
Company Overview 4
Corporate Structure 5
FY24 Quick Facts  6
01
Leadership Insights
Chairman’s Statement 7
GCEO’s Statement 10
02
Our Value Creation
Value Creation Model 16
Market Landscape 18
Key Business Risks and Opportunities 21
Strategic Priorities 26
03
How We Create Value
Content 33
Products 41
04
Sustainability
Sustainability Governance 50
Stakeholder Engagement 52
Material Matters 55
Risk Management 58
Sustainability Framework 60
Performance Scorecard 62
Management Approach for  
Material Matters 63
Internal Assurance Statement 79
Independent Limited Assurance Statement 81
Performance Data Table  84
05
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors 86
Senior Leadership Team 91
Corporate Governance Overview 98
Investor Relations 119
Board Committee Reports 121
NRCGC Report 121
ARC Report 126
Statement on Risk Management and  
Internal Control (SORMIC) 132
06
Summary of Financials
Group Financial Review 139
Operational and Financial Highlights 142
Segmental Analysis and Quarterly  
Financial Performance 144
Simplified Group Statement of  
Financial Position 145
Statement of Value Added 146
Financial Calendar 148
07
Additional Information
Corporate Information 149
List of Properties Held 150
Analysis of Shareholdings 151
Disclosure of Recurrent Related  
Party Transactions 155
Additional Disclosures 166
Glossary 170
Notice of Annual General Meeting 174
Statement Accompanying Notice of  
Twelfth Annual General Meeting 182
Proxy Form •
08
For Statement by Directors, Independent 
Auditors' Report and Audited Financial 
Statements, please refer to our <Audited 
Financial Statements 2024>
TABLE OF CONTENTS


---- Page 6 ----
4
Astro at a Glance Leadership Insights Our Value Creation How We Create Value
Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad is Malaysia’s 
leading content and entertainment company. 
We serve 5.3 million homes or 67% of 
Malaysian TV households, 8,400 enterprises, 
18.2 million weekly listeners on FM and online 
radio, and 15.6 million visitors to our digital 
brands every month.
We are Malaysia’s biggest content creator in a market where 
viewing share is dominated by local content. Our three 
distinct video services, namely Astro Pay-TV, NJOI and sooka, 
our own OTT product for millennials, are designed to serve 
Malaysians across all segments.
To broaden our reach to digital natives and strengthen our 
content slate, our new Pay-TV packs are bundled with 
streaming services, so customers can stream all their 
favourite content, including our popular local signatures, 
flagship Astro Originals, live sports and the best global 
shows from Netflix, Disney+ Hotstar, HBO GO, iQIYI,  
TVBAnywhere+, beIN SPORTS CONNECT, BBC Player, Viu 
and ZEE5 all in one place, at great value. A million homes 
are already streaming the best of home entertainment via 
our hybrid 4K UHD Ultra and HD Ulti Boxes which come 
with around 100,000 On Demand videos and 13 integrated 
streaming services for a seamless big screen experience.
Astro Fibre, our own broadband service, provides 
connectivity to customers while unlocking the full 
functionality of our Ultra and Ulti Boxes (U-Boxes) for 
a premium Pay-TV viewing experience. Likewise, Astro  
BIZFibre serves enterprise customers with high-speed 
broadband featuring industry leading WiFi-6 routers bundled 
with our winning content.
We expanded our advertising solutions through the 
introduction of Addressable Advertising to offer marketers 
digital-style TV advertising that merges the best of TV’s 
emotional persuasive power with the targeted precision  
of digital.
Astro Radio is home to the country’s highest-rated audio 
brands in all key languages on air and online. Our digital 
brands including AWANI, Gempak, XUAN, Astro Ulagam, 
Pa&Ma, Keluarga and Mingguan Wanita connect Malaysians 
to content and stories that matter. We are humbled that 
AWANI was recognised as Malaysia’s most trusted news 
brand for the sixth consecutive year by Reuters Digital News 
Report in 2023.
The Group adopts a holistic and comprehensive approach 
to sustainability to drive long-term growth by leveraging 
our multiplatform reach and content, creating both tangible 
and intangible value for stakeholders. Astro is guided 
by our five ESG Pillars namely Responsible Business,  
Caring for our Environment, Voice for Good, Education for 
All, and Community Development. We are committed to 
be carbon neutral by 2040 and have begun executing our 
Climate Roadmap to get there.
In recognition of our ESG initiatives, Astro received the 
Partnership for the Goals Recognition from UN Global  
Compact Network Malaysia-Brunei (UNGCMYB) at the 
Forward Faster Sustainability Awards 2023. We also 
won the Gold Award for Best CSR at the Malaysian Public 
Relations Awards 2023. A founding constituent of the  
FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index, Astro was recognised 
for the third straight year by global ESG rating agency 
Sustainalytics as a 2024 Regional Top-Rated Company, 
ranking among the Top 7% of all companies globally.
It was our privilege to be the Platinum winner in the Media 
Networks category for the 14 th year running at the Putra 
Brand Awards 2023.
As we stride forward in our transformation journey to be 
Malaysia’s No. 1 Entertainment Destination, we will continue 
to grow and evolve to serve customers better, inspiring and 
bringing Malaysians together along the way.
Company Overview
Vision
To be Malaysia’s No. 1 Entertainment 
Destination
Mission
We will achieve our Vision through compelling 
content, products and experience powered by 
refreshed technology and a winning team
Core 
Values
Creativity
Accountability
Inclusivity

---- Page 7 ----
5
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Corporate Structure
Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad
TV, Radio & Media Sales
MEASAT Broadcast Network Systems  
Sdn Bhd 100%
• Astro Media Solutions Sdn Bhd 100%
• Astro Radio Sdn Bhd 100%
> DVR Player.Com Sdn Bhd 100%
• Maestra Broadcast Sdn Bhd 100%
• MEASAT Digicast Sdn Bhd 100%
• MEASAT Radio Communications Sdn Bhd 100%
• Perfect Excellence Waves Sdn Bhd 100%
• Radio Lebuhraya Sdn Bhd 100%
• Yayasan Astro Kasih(1) –
Astro Productions Sdn Bhd 100%
Astro Production Services Sdn Bhd 100%
Astro Retail Ventures Sdn Bhd 100%
• Astro Studios Sdn Bhd (formerly known as 
Astro Interactive Sdn Bhd) 100%
Digital Media & Talent Management
Astro Digital Sdn Bhd 100%
• Astro Digital 5 Sdn Bhd 100%
• Rocketfuel Entertainment Sdn Bhd 100%
• Nu Ideaktiv Sdn Bhd 51%
Tribe Network Asia Pacific Limited(2) 100%
Management Shared Services
Astro Group Services Sdn Bhd 100%
Astro GTS Sdn Bhd 100%
Others
Astro (Brunei) Sdn Bhd 100%
Content
Astro Entertainment Sdn Bhd 100%
• Astro Arena Sdn Bhd 100%
• Astro Sports Marketing Sdn Bhd 100%
> Asia Sports Ventures Pte Ltd 100%
• Maestro Talent and Management Sdn Bhd 100%
• Astro Awani Network Sdn Bhd 85%
• Red Communications Sdn Bhd 29%
Astro Shaw Sdn Bhd 100%
• Tayangan Unggul Sdn Bhd 100%
• Nusantara Retail Sdn Bhd 100%
• Karya Anggun Sdn Bhd 100%
This chart displays Astro’s main operating subsidiaries and associated companies under the Group’s key business segments as at the LPD. All our business operations are 
domesticated in Malaysia, including Asia Sports Ventures Pte Ltd and Tribe Network Asia Pacific Limited which are incorporated in Singapore and Hong Kong, respectively.
(1) MEASAT Broadcast Network Systems Sdn Bhd has defacto control over this company
(2) Registered as a foreign company in Malaysia

---- Page 8 ----
6
Astro at a Glance Leadership Insights Our Value Creation How We Create Value
FY24 Quick Facts
Enterprise & AdexHomes
SustainabilityFinancialsContent
5.3m (67%)
TV households (Penetration)
71%
Share of TV viewership
RM99.70
ARPU
1.1m
Connected STB
Individuals
974k
Linked customers on Astro GO
18.2m
Weekly listeners on FM and 
online radio
15.6m
Monthly visitors across our 
digital brands
1.7m
sooka registered users
8,400
Enterprise customers
30%
Share of TV adex
77%
Share of radex
2%
Share of digidex
10,200
Content hours produced
97,000
On Demand videos
793m
On Demand shows streamed
RM361m
Local content investment
RM3.4b
Revenue
RM37m
PATAMI
RM637m
Free cash flow
0.25 sen
Dividend per share
5.6%
GHG emissions reduction 
(Scope 1 and 2)
2,112 tCO2e
Carbon avoidance in FY24
13,100
Educational On Demand 
videos
9,700
Voice for Good hours


---- Page 9 ----
7
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Chairman’s Statement 
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased 
to present Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad’s 
2024 Integrated Annual Report. Astro’s pivot to 
being a digital, streaming company has brought 
about significant shifts. We are reinventing our 
business model, resetting our legacy cost base and 
strengthening our product proposition. We must 
carve out a new, sustainable space within this vibrant 
media and entertainment landscape, even as cyclical 
market forces and piracy pose growth headwinds. 
It is incredibly encouraging to see our innovative 
digital solutions, in particular sooka and Addressable 
Advertising, making good headway as customers 
and clients discover their effectiveness, ease of use  
and value.
Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku Muhriz
Chairman


---- Page 10 ----
8
Astro at a Glance Leadership Insights Our Value Creation How We Create Value
Chairman’s Statement
Contributing to the Malaysian economy
In FY24, Astro’s direct contribution to Malaysia’s GDP, 
including employment and tax contributions, is estimated 
at RM1.1 billion. Beyond this headline financial number, 
Astro’s indirect contribution to the local creative ecosystem is 
likewise significant – encompassing multiplier effects across 
our spends into content, media infrastructure, and data, and 
even more importantly, in our role as a voice for the country  
by sharing untold Malaysian stories globally. 
In a country where local shows have the highest viewing 
share, we are Malaysia’s largest content creator, funding 
around half of all investments into Malaysian content. In 
FY24, Astro produced and commissioned 10,200 hours 
of local content, investing RM361 million and benefitting  
independent studios, actors, writers and crew alike. We fully 
leverage our end-to-end production capabilities in creating 
in-house productions, including ideation, scriptwriting, 
production, and post-production. Indeed, our All Asia 
Broadcast Centre in Bukit Jalil is one of Southeast Asia’s 
largest and most progressive digital TV and radio facilities. 
Sustainability as a business imperative
Astro and its foundation, Yayasan Astro Kasih, also play a 
crucial role in creating sustainable social impact nationwide 
through long-term programmes grounded in our Group’s 
five ESG Pillars, centred around Responsible Business, 
Caring for the Environment, Voice for Good, Education for All, 
and Community Development. We are actively integrating 
sustainable practices into our operations as we recognise 
that this is necessary to build resilience, foster innovation,  
and mitigate risks. 
Astro is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2040. 
In FY24, our Board endorsed our Climate Roadmap that 
charts our transition path towards achieving this. We are 
tracking well, with Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Scope 1 and 2 
emissions, as defined by the GHG Protocol, reducing by 5.6% 
in FY24 and exceeding our yearly reduction target under our  
Climate Roadmap. 
Our content, platform and reach make Astro an influential 
voice for good to inspire positive change. This is the genesis 
behind our RimbaKita climate advocacy campaign, launched 
in August 2023. Through this initiative, we work with partners 
like the UN Global Compact Network Malaysia & Brunei 
(UNGCMYB), WWF-Malaysia and Taman Tugu, to advocate 
for a greener planet while increasing climate awareness 
among Malaysians. Astro’s RimbaKita On Demand rail 
showcases many excellent nature-based documentaries to 
build public awareness. Meanwhile, our charity RimbaKita 
Run, through Malaysia’s largest freshwater wetlands in 
Putrajaya was a massive success, with proceeds going 
towards the adoption of 27 trees at Taman Tugu and the 
planting of 600 trees by employee volunteers at the Raja 
Musa and Kuala Langat Forest Reserves with the Global 
Environment Centre. The Sustainability section on pages 50 
to 85 provides an overview of our initiatives across our five 
ESG Pillars aligned with our business goals.
We are honoured that Sustainalytics named Astro an ESG 
Regional Top-Rated company in 2024 for the third straight 
year, putting us among the Top 7% of companies globally.  
We are also part of the FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index.
Anti-piracy as part of the ESG agenda
From an ESG standpoint, the creative economy promotes 
social inclusion due to its participant demographics. This 
so-called Orange Economy is important as it employs more 
youths and females vis-a-vis other sectors, especially in 
developing countries, as highlighted by the World Bank and 
other multilaterals. Regrettably, the spectre of content piracy 
looms large, facilitated by connectivity, and poses a critical 
threat to Orange Economy participants across the entire 
media value chain. 
Thus, we advocate a shift in perspective and urge the 
government, businesses and ordinary Malaysians to view 
the theft of intellectual property (IP) such as content as 
gravely as they would any theft or financial fraud. Addressing 
content piracy aligns with ESG principles, given its adverse 
impact on content creators, distributors, consumers and the 
nation. It leads to losses in terms of income, tax collection 
and jobs, exposes consumers to cybersecurity risk such 
as malware, scams and identity theft, and represents 
unethical business practices that disregard the rule of law. 
With content creators deprived of economic benefits while 
having to bear significant production costs, piracy ultimately  
impairs the entire industry’s ability to make great shows and 
innovate to serve audiences.
We are taking a firm stance against piracy. Prosecutions 
under the Copyright Act 1987 (as amended in 2022) and 
on-ground raids on business premises have encouragingly 
ramped up. In FY24, more individuals and business owners 
have been charged than ever before by the courts for selling 
TV boxes preloaded with unauthorised Astro content,  
and for streaming Astro content illegally to the public. Astro 
applauds the government and judiciary for the increasingly 
tough measures taken on piracy. While fines and damages 
paid by perpetrators have increased considerably, much 
remains to be done. We continue to collaborate with our  
peers, content partners and governmental institutions on 
innovative approaches to raise awareness and tackle this 
serious issue.

---- Page 11 ----
9
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Chairman’s Statement
Commitment to good governance
Our Board is committed to good governance as a key  
element of the long-term value creation process. We are 
also equally focused on other governance aspects such 
as data privacy, tax integrity, diversity and inclusion, and 
workplace safety, alongside the four fundamental corporate 
governance principles of accountability, transparency, 
fairness and responsibility. A key responsibility statement 
for business sustainability and long-term value generation 
that incorporates ESG factors has been added to our Board 
Charter. Our Directors participate in seminars and forums 
about sustainability standards to keep abreast of this 
important topic.
My focus, as Chairman, is to promote open, constructive 
debate on the optimal way forward on strategic and  
business issues considering our operating context. Board 
(and indeed Management) diversity is essential in this 
decision-making process to provide a balanced perspective 
to discussions on strategy, business, risk, financials and 
succession planning, produce more varied and inclusive  
views, improve cohesiveness, and strengthen our 
responsiveness to change. Our Board has had more than 
30% female representation for most of FY24, and we hope to 
pass this percentage again as we explore new appointments.
Dividend policy change to strengthen 
competitiveness
Against a shifting media landscape, Astro’s dividend policy 
was revised in September 2023 to achieve a more optimal 
balance between reinvesting to grow adjacent businesses, 
preserving liquidity to strengthen the balance sheet, and 
rewarding shareholders through dividends. Our current 
policy is to distribute dividends annually from consolidated 
PATAMI, and we will continue to review this as we progress 
towards our revenue and profit aspirations. A total of 0.25 
sen per share was paid as dividends for FY24, representing  
35% of PATAMI and supported by our cash-generative 
business and strong cost discipline. Since our IPO in 2012, 
Astro has distributed a total of RM5.0 billion in dividends.
Outlook
Looking ahead, we remain committed to shaping the future 
of content in Malaysia. Amid industry flux and pervasive 
content piracy, Astro’s original content continues to engage 
Malaysians. We will leverage our content strength and the 
expanded reach of our platforms with digital now in play. 
These include 1 million Astro customers who are enjoying 
our hybrid Ultra and Ulti Boxes (U-Boxes), over 1 million 
sooka monthly active users (MAU), and numerous new 
clients and industries who now advertise with Astro through  
Addressable Advertising.
Our GCEO, Euan Smith and his management team are 
actively refining and executing key strategies to maintain 
Astro’s position as the nation’s No.1 Entertainment and 
Streaming Destination. As we work on this, we continuously 
emphasise the delivery of quality products to drive the top 
line while seizing cost, technology and data opportunities.  
In doing so, Astro will prioritise investments into local content, 
product innovation and customer experience to create 
sustainable, long-term value for our shareholders. In tandem, 
sustained efforts across our five ESG Pillars will help deliver 
social value to our community.
Acknowledgements
On behalf of our Board and Team Astro, I extend my gratitude 
to Rossana Annizah Ahmad Rashid, who stepped down from 
our Board in September 2023. Her candidness, experience 
and insights will be greatly missed. My deepest appreciation 
also goes to my fellow Directors for their unwavering support 
and guidance.
Finally, a heartfelt thanks to Team Astro and our customers, 
shareholders, partners, regulators, and stakeholders, for your 
continued trust and support on our shared journey to shape 
and colour the future of Astro, and ultimately Malaysia’s 
content industry at large.
Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku Muhriz
Chairman
Team Astro planted 600 trees at peat swamp forests as part of our RimbaKita initiatives

---- Page 12 ----
10
Astro at a Glance Leadership Insights Our Value Creation How We Create Value
GCEO’s Statement 
Dear Shareholders,
Astro is continuing the aggressive reset of our business, 
navigating an ambiguous and challenging operating 
environment. We are actively pivoting the company away 
from how Astro used to be perceived — linear channels, 
satellites, legacy operations — to being an on-demand, 
digital, streaming-first company with significantly reduced 
operating costs. It is a journey common to Pay-TV operators 
around the world. The value extracted from this major pivot 
will be returned to customers in the form of better pricing 
and products, keeping our audience engaged and happy 
with Astro’s proposition. This reset will firmly position Astro 
as a lean, agile entity geared up to compete and thrive in 
the future, building on our reach of 5.3 million homes, 8,400 
enterprises, 18.2 million weekly listeners on FM and online 
radio and the 15.6 million people that visit our digital brands 
every month.
Across Malaysia, broadband adoption, underpinned by the 
National Digital Infrastructure Plan (JENDELA), continues 
apace. We are witnessing the acceleration to a ubiquitous, 
streaming environment. This, along with macroeconomic 
headwinds, the sluggish consumer climate and ever-
increasing threats from piracy, require us to accelerate our 
transformation, repositioning ourselves in the market and 
reassessing our strategy for FY25 and beyond. Our focus 
must be to create more value for customers, increasing 
our content strength and offer such that we can grow the 
customer base. To do so, it is imperative for us to drive down 
costs, reducing the entry price for products to match global 
players. This set of actions, already underway, will strengthen  
Pay-TV revenues, and with the additional growth of sooka 
customers alongside, fuel advertising (adex) growth over the 
longer run.
Euan Smith
Group Chief Executive Officer


---- Page 13 ----
11
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
GCEO’s Statement
Laser focus on cost
Navigating the current operating environment demands 
further radical changes focusing on costs. We continue 
to aggressively shed costs on our legacy operations and 
steer our new, adjacent businesses to operate in a flexible,  
asset-light manner, enabling us to redirect the majority of 
available capital into local content and product innovation 
investments that we know excite our customers. Resource 
allocations continue to be strategically assessed to  
optimise outcomes and impact, with a laser focus on cost 
and margins, and this approach has informed two pivotal 
decisions taken in FY24, namely to implement a Voluntary 
Separation Scheme (VSS) exercise and to shutter the  
Go Shop commerce business. 
The VSS, undertaken at a total cost of RM52 million with 
a sub-one-year payback period, yielded a reduction of 
around 20% of headcount, mainly across corporate services  
functions. Our end-FY24 headcount stands at under 2,900, 
down by well over a third in three years. Our digitalisation, 
simplification and automation efforts continue to support 
workforce savings. Elsewhere, the decision to cease Go Shop  
operations in October 2023 was taken as a result of 
the changing TV home shopping landscape globally 
and prolonged, irrational competition in e-commerce,  
as evidenced by the many regional loss-making players. 
The exit from this business was a necessary step to bring 
focus back to Astro's core content and media business,  
and more promising ventures.
Beyond these headlines, a raft of initiatives demonstrates 
our commitment to transform our legacy cost base and 
seek efficiency gains Group-wide. In FY24, we took an 
important step forward as a business by re-platforming the 
entirety of our core customer systems, spanning customer 
relationship management, billing, supply chain and data. 
This “once-in-a-generation” change required a very 
complex programme of work to refresh our legacy solutions,  
but we now enter FY25 with our new systems successfully  
embedded. The scale of this system change is extensive, 
realising a step change not just in our flexibility, but also in 
cost to serve. Alongside, we are streamlining and automating 
processes within content operations to seamlessly serve 
all platforms (TV, On Demand and OTT), prioritising  
automation-driven solutions. Mid-2024 will see us reduce 
transponder capacity when the M3a satellite is retired,  
made possible by advances in compression technology and 
our streaming acceleration. 
As we work to remove legacy costs, we are concurrently 
investing to digitalise and grow our ancillary businesses, 
taking an asset-light approach wherever possible. As we are 
in this period of transition, both cost bases, legacy and new, 
are running concurrently, with legacy costs set to gradually 
taper off over time. We are always looking for ways to use 
automation, machine learning and AI to improve content, 
technology and product suites. As an example, increases in 
productivity have seen the IT headcount halve in three years 
despite the addition of our sooka, Fibre and Addressable 
Advertising services.
RimbaKita leverages our platform, voice and content to advocate for a greener planet and increase climate awareness among Malaysians


---- Page 14 ----
12
Astro at a Glance Leadership Insights Our Value Creation How We Create Value
Building high-quality revenue streams
Cost aside, work is progressing across our key revenue 
pillars. Our goal is to stabilise the Pay-TV revenue amid 
structural shifts, and concurrently, to build high-quality 
revenue streams from the adjacent businesses to deliver 
long-term sustainability. Our playbook is allied with our 
Pay-TV peers globally, some of whom started their journeys 
earlier and are now beginning to reap the rewards of  
their transformations.
The overhaul of our Pay-TV product has been focused on 
our customers’ evolving needs and we now believe we 
have a compelling product and customer service to offer, as  
evidenced by another increase in Astro’s customer  
satisfaction in FY24. Pay-TV MAT ARPU continues to 
grow, rising by RM1.50 to RM99.70, testament that our 
bundling strategy of both app aggregation and broadband 
is resonating with customers. Our flagship U-Boxes are 
the true hubs of the home, consolidating all content in one 
place, featuring almost 100,000 On Demand videos and  
integrating the best, most-watched 13 global video apps. 
We continue to roll out U-Boxes to current and new  
customers alike, as the data clearly shows that net promoter 
score and churn are significantly better for customer cohorts 
enjoying these U-Boxes and our latest packs. We closed FY24 
at the 1 million installed mark for U-Boxes, a jump of 22% 
year-on-year. 
Our adex proposition is founded heavily on local content. 
Most of Astro’s adex revenue comes from our own shows 
which is a significant competitive advantage. Capitalising on 
our fully integrated platform, we are harnessing data points 
across Astro’s product ecosystem to address advertisers’ 
need to target discrete customer segments, helping them 
increase engagement and impact. Our ability to activate 
unified campaigns (across TV, streaming apps, radio, digital 
and on-ground) and to deploy Astro’s deep roster of talent 
(from actors to sportscasters, radio DJs to streamers), puts 
us in a unique position to reach all Malaysians. Clients and  
media agencies who come to our on-ground and live events 
such as Gegar Vaganza and Liga Malaysia are regularly 
awed by the passion, energy and scale of the crowds and 
the intrinsic branding potential for their clients from these  
hugely popular shows.
Our new Addressable Advertising product, which enables 
digital-style targeting on TV and OTT, is poised to play a 
much bigger role in the impending cookieless world. While 
revenue from Addressable almost tripled in FY24 as a result 
of growth in the number and variety of clients, we believe  
Addressable can do much better once the advertising  
industry, agencies and clients adjust to the offering and 
familiarise themselves with the pioneering audience 
measurement tools we are launching. By the end of FY25, 
we will be able to report our unified audience reach across 
all platforms (including digital and outdoor), solidifying Astro 
Addressable as the place to drive brand relevance. 
In tandem, we are expanding our enterprise, sooka and Fibre 
businesses. Encouragingly, the enterprise business grew 12% 
in FY24 on the back of a recovery in the food and beverage 
(F&B) and hospitality sectors. Greenfield acquisition in the 
category is arriving at a higher ARPU as we sharpen our 
segment focus. The new Astro BizOne packs launched in 
January 2024 feature a more granular pricing structure based 
on seating capacity and outlet type. I have personally seen 
success with this approach in other markets and we expect 
to grow penetration now that outlet owners are better able 
to right-size their Astro subscriptions to fit their businesses. 
On sooka, we continue to see a positive trend, with monthly 
average users (MAU) growing by 23% to over 1 million in 
FY24 and the paying VIP base almost doubling, reflecting 
sooka’s position as the only streaming app in Malaysia with a 
complete live sports offering. We have now expanded sooka’s 
appeal with a kids and Korean content library, and some of 
our Chinese assets are now following suit. To drive sooka 
engagement, 15 Free Ad-Supported TV (FAST) channels 
were launched in FY24, five of which were also activated 
on our prepaid TV, NJOI. The recently introduced sooka daily 
pass is proving to be popular with users. As mentioned earlier, 
pricing for all VIP sooka plans has also been revised down 
GCEO’s Statement
As regards our customer base, the majority of new 
customers are aged 40 and below, reflecting our continued 
relevance with younger consumers despite the wide and 
often free choices available in the market. As mentioned 
earlier, mindful of the Malaysian macroeconomic situation 
and pessimistic consumer climate, we have created more 
compelling entry-level products and pricing to improve Astro’s  
accessibility to a wider market segment. Our strategy for  
FY25 is to expand our more affordable Rakyat-friendly 
packages to lower the barrier to entry and drive take-up. 
In the last quarter, we have seen a healthy response to  
these new price options for both Astro and sooka.
Our U-Boxes are entertainment hubs of the home


---- Page 15 ----
13
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
to encourage sampling, product take-up and repeat buys. 
With FY25 a crucial year for sooka to scale, we are rolling out 
multiple partnerships with telcos and e-commerce players,  
all designed to accelerate sooka awareness and distribution.
Broadband subscribers continued to grow strongly in FY24 
at 21%, a commendable rate given the highly competitive 
and maturing market. This encouraging trajectory is driven 
by overall customer satisfaction with our Astro Fibre 
service quality and steady word-of-mouth referrals. Having 
successfully negotiated better wholesale rates based on 
the latest Reference Access Offer (RAO) prices, we are 
already passing these savings on to customers in our pricing 
offers, with bundled broadband of 100Mbps for RM60 and  
500Mbps for RM90 being the best-in-market.
Content as a core competitive advantage
We are relevant only if our content resonates strongly 
with Malaysians from all walks of life. Thankfully it does. In 
FY24, 77% of viewing on Astro was on local and vernacular 
shows, an increase of 2 percentage points, underlining the 
importance of local content as a key pillar of our offering. 
Our strategy is to produce year-round local signatures, 
including new formats and content verticals that generate  
engagement well beyond TV, to be the Home of Sports 
(both nationally and internationally), and to simultaneously 
aggregate the best regional and international content to 
complement our local expertise. 
In FY24, we produced over 10,200 hours of content 
spanning live signatures, Astro Originals, dramas, local 
sports, news and kids. The ability to consistently churn out 
hit shows at scale stems from our creative capabilities and 
a deep collaborative symbiosis with the Malaysian media 
ecosystem. The team is continuously scouting for new  
formats and new ideas, and their thirst to delight audiences 
enables us to produce differentiated shows at optimised 
timelines and cost, quickly pivoting as circumstances demand 
to create relevant, on-point output.
I am proud to report that FY24 was a year of Number Ones 
for Astro. Project: High Council became the No. 1 On Demand 
show of all time, beating the likes of Hollywood titles such as 
Game of Thrones. In its 10th season, All Stars Gegar Vaganza 
(GV10) recorded over 8 million TV viewers to retain its spot 
as the No. 1 show in Malaysia. The finals of GV10 attracted 
an 8,000-strong audience to Axiata Arena and grossed 
RM1.2 million in ticket sales. Andai Itu Takdirnya garnered  
7 million TV viewers and emerged as the No. 1 TV drama in 
the country. Polis Evo 3 and Malbatt: Misi Bakara solidified 
Astro Shaw’s position as the No. 1 film producer in Malaysia. 
Overall, our movies grossed RM103 million in FY24, marking 
our best showing ever and capturing an incredible 70%  
share of local box office revenue. Polis Evo 3 also beat 
GCEO’s Statement
We are proud to have brought Liga Malaysia back to the TV 
screen after a hiatus of nine years in partnership with the 
Malaysian Football League (MFL). Flexibility in our offerings, 
from monthly subscriptions to match passes, has been  
pivotal to Liga Malaysia's take-up across Astro, sooka and 
NJOI. We are proud that 8.6 million viewers watched our 
coverage of Liga Malaysia’s first season back on the Astro 
platform, driven by our innovative content, including pre- 
and post-match interviews, sports news, behind-the-scenes 
intrigue, and even digital-first content integrating Premier 
League greats into the fun. As a result of our investment, 
Liga Malaysia is seeing increased engagement and match 
attendance at stadiums. For the next season, we will do 
even more, including our first dip into gaming. Of course,  
we also continue to bring exclusively all 380 Premier  
League matches live to Malaysian fans, alongside extensive 
coverage of the biggest global badminton, golf, tennis and 
other sporting events.
Hollywood blockbusters Fast X and Mission: Impossible to 
take the crown as the No. 1 movie at the Malaysian box office. 
As you would expect, we have an equally strong pipeline 
of movies lined up for FY25, with notable titles including  
The Experts, Project: Kahar, Malam Terlarang and Sheriff.
A must-watch for drama enthusiasts, Andai Itu Takdirnya emerged as 
Malaysia’s No. 1 drama in 2023
Match attendance at stadiums jumped in Liga Malaysia’s first season 
back on the Astro platform

---- Page 16 ----
14
Astro at a Glance Leadership Insights Our Value Creation How We Create Value
Similarly, we are seeing good progress on the Sepak Takraw 
League (STL), now in its 10 th edition, and Netball Super  
League (NSL), launched in 2021, both in collaboration with 
national sporting associations. The growth in terms of 
viewers and on-ground attendance for these leagues reflects 
our continued efforts to provide a showcase and competitive 
platform for grassroots players, contributing towards 
Malaysia’s national sporting success.
Alongside, Astro’s production team continues to advance 
our capabilities in post-production, design and animation.  
We are now going beyond media to serve other industries 
such as gaming, building on our FY24 acquisition of  
Basecamp Films, the award-winning visual post-production 
studio. Astro can now boast Dolby Vision, Dolby Atmos 
and THX standards — a game changer for us and a signal 
of our high-quality ambitions. Current clients include  
Shanghai-based Moonton Games, whom we support via an 
entire suite of design and 3D motion services for its various 
Mobile Legend eSports tournaments across the region. 
Now rebranded as Astro Studios, the team is very excited 
about developing and selling our capabilities well beyond  
Malaysia’s borders. 
ESG as BAU
Astro is committed to bring about sustainable, positive 
change in all our communities and the environment by 
integrating an ESG mindset into every aspect of our value 
chain. Multiple sustainability initiatives took root in FY24 as 
part of the strategies that we designed under five key ESG 
Pillars. We have started executing the Climate Roadmap 
that will guide us on our Carbon Neutral 2040 journey.  
We have also launched RimbaKita, our Environmental 
advocacy initiative that leverages our platform, voice and 
content to advocate for a greener planet and increase climate 
awareness among Malaysians. Our Chairman, Tunku Ali, 
discusses these at length in his statement on pages 7 to 9.  
GCEO’s Statement
We were also pleased to be admitted into the UNGCMYB, 
a voluntary initiative based on CEO commitments to  
implement universal sustainable principles in businesses. 
Our next reporting checkpoint will come due in mid-2024  
when we will be showing further progress on the journey. 
On the social side, our flagship Astro Kem Badminton 
(AKB) programme, which identifies and nurtures badminton 
prodigies, resumes in 2024 with our long-standing partner, 
the Badminton Association of Malaysia (BAM). It is incredible 
to think that close to 20,000 children have been trained 
under the AKB since its inception in 2012, and that 40 AKB 
alumni are now proudly representing Malaysia as part of 
our national badminton squad. Under our Voice for Good 
initiative (VFG), FY24 saw us deliver 7,700 hours of public 
service announcements (PSAs) and over 2,000 hours of 
ESG-related content to amplify vital environmental and 
community messages. These impactful messages resonated 
across TV, digital platforms and radio, reinforcing our 
commitment to community well-being. AWANI, Malaysia’s 
No. 1 news brand on TV and digital, was named as the 
nation’s most trusted news brand for the sixth consecutive 
year by the Reuters Institute. AWANI plays a vital role in 
our country’s social fabric by ensuring that free, unbiased,  
timely and accurate news is available to all, around the clock.
Underpinning our desire to meet the evolving needs of 
customers and stakeholders is a dynamic, young Team 
Astro that is diverse and inclusive, mirroring our nation’s 
demographics. Our commitment to strategic hiring of the 
best talent at all levels is complemented by extensive efforts 
to reskill and upskill our workforce to sharpen, in particular, 
our digital and data competencies. It is always a joy for me 
to see how many of our team throw themselves willingly 
into our ESG curriculum, bringing Astro’s values to every  
community where we operate.
Honing the the skills and talents of young shuttlers in search of the next badminton superstar

---- Page 17 ----
15
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
GCEO’s Statement
Discover Amazing
To conclude, I should emphasise that Astro remains resilient as we push forward on our transformation. Our financial results, 
as covered in the Group Financial Review on pages 139 to 141, reflect the industry upheavals and the concerted efforts on our 
part to adapt, innovate and pivot. Having refreshed our content, product and service offerings, we look forward to making sure  
individuals, households and businesses reacquaint themselves with Astro. FY25 will be a year of investment to build the customer 
base, both for Pay-TV and sooka. Our marketing efforts will champion Discover Amazing to both customers and prospects, 
promising the fulfilment of their entertainment, connectivity, advertising and business needs, simply and affordably.
Alongside, we will continue our critical role of protecting the entire content creation industry from the scourge of piracy.  
While there were a record number of cases tried in court and many penalties meted out in 2023 under the now-amended  
Copyright Act, much work still needs to be done. Team Astro will continue to invest time and money, working with technology 
providers, regulators and enforcement agencies to raise awareness and press for the eradication of illegal practices. The industry 
we love and many thousands of Malaysian livelihoods are at stake and we are committed to doing all we can to eliminate  
copyright theft. 
Last but not least, I would again like to extend my sincere appreciation to all of our stakeholders, our loyal customers, 
shareholders, regulators, business partners, vendors and our incredible community. Your trust, confidence and belief have been 
instrumental in shaping our ongoing mission to be Malaysia’s No. 1 Entertainment and Streaming Destination. In Team Astro, 
I can assure you that you have a passionate, curious and dedicated team whose innovation and thirst to do more inspires and 
motivates me every day. We look forward to your ongoing support on this exciting and colourful journey as we transform Astro  
and Discover Amazing possibilities ahead. 
Euan Smith
On behalf of Team Astro
New Astro BIZone packs allow owners to right-size their Astro subscriptions to fit business needs

---- Page 18 ----
16
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Value Creation Model
We harness our six Capitals as inputs to fuel our economic value creation, leveraging our three strategic drivers of Content,  
Products and Sustainability. The financial and non-financial output of this process strengthens Astro’s ecosystem and is shared 
with our stakeholders and society.
Content
Produce, aggregate, distribute, and monetise content 
across all platforms focusing on the best of local 
vernaculars, live sports, kids, news, regional and 
international content
Refer to pages 33 to 40
Sustainability
Create sustainable impact centred around Astro’s 
five ESG Pillars to address our material matters
Refer to pages 50 to 85
Responsible Business
Caring for our Environment
Voice for Good
Education for All
Community Development
Products
Leverage technology and data to deliver exceptional 
products and services to serve all customer 
segments through differentiated offerings catering 
to their diverse needs, preferences and spending 
propensities, and provide the best customer care
Refer to pages 41 to 49
Value Creation ProcessInput (Capitals)
Industrial Capital
Our proven capabilities to produce, aggregate, 
and distribute content across TV, radio, digital, 
cinema and at on-ground events, leveraging 
our ready customer base and extensive market 
reach to Malaysian households, individuals  
and enterprises.
Human Capital
This comprises the collective knowledge, 
experience and expertise within our Group 
as we continue to nurture, hone and harness 
the diverse skill sets and expertise of Team 
Astro’s on- and off-screen talents while 
championing diversity and inclusion, creativity  
and accountability.
Financial Capital
This consists of the pool of funding that 
our Group has access to, derived from our  
cash-generative business as well as access to 
institutional lenders and financial markets. This 
is deployed towards reinvestment for future  
growth and dividends distributions.
Social and Relationship Capital
We establish strong relationships with our 
stakeholders, understanding and addressing 
their concerns in maintaining our social licence 
to operate. Our ESG efforts generate positive  
long-term impact for communities.
Natural Capital
We are committed to be carbon neutral by 2040 
and have started executing on our Climate 
Roadmap to decarbonise and lower Astro’s 
carbon emissions. Mindful of our environmental 
footprint, we utilise natural resources responsibly 
through more sustainable business practices. 
Intellectual Capital
We are the largest content creator in Malaysia. 
Beyond intellectual property rights (IPs) related 
to content, our intellectual capital also includes 
our strong brand reputation, business processes,  
as well as systems, software, patents, trademarks, 
and proprietary information.
Content and connectivity
Advertising
Production
Talent management
Pay-TV
NJOI
sooka
Streaming apps
Broadband
Digital brands
Radio

---- Page 19 ----
17
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Value Creation Model
FY24 Output
Growing our customer reach and content creation capabilities amid industry changes and ongoing acts of piracy 
for business sustainability
Delivering positive operational performance and rewarding shareholders through dividend distributions
Contributing to the Malaysian economy and local media industry
Operating responsibly and contributing to the betterment of our talent, community and environment
Strengthening our ecosystem
Enhancing shareholder value
Supporting the local economy
ESG-focused corporate citizen
RM13m
Dividend
0.7%
Dividend yield
RM3.4b
Revenue
RM37m
PATAMI
RM637m
FCF
34%
FCF yield
5.3m
TV households
67%
Household  
penetration
8,400
Enterprise  
customers
18.2m
Weekly listeners  
on FM and  
online radio
15.6m
Monthly visitors 
across our  
digital brands
Market Reach
Financials
Government & Industry Content
RM52m
Corporate tax payment
RM1.3b
Payment to local vendors
10,200 hours
Local content produced
RM361m
Local content investment
2,112 tCO2e
Carbon avoidance from  
solar photovoltaic system 
and Green Energy Tariff 
(GET) subscription
2,887
Employees
RM493m
Employee cost
13,100
educational  
On Demand videos
5.6%
GHG emissions reduction 
(Scope 1 and 2) towards 
Carbon Neutral 2040
2,232
Employee  
volunteer hours
10.3
Average  
learning hours
RM131m
Investment in educational and 
learning content since 2012
EnvironmentalTalent Community

---- Page 20 ----
18
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Market Landscape
Astro operates within the dynamic media sector with rapidly changing market trends both in terms of demand and supply.  
Key macroeconomic factors and industry trends potentially impacting our businesses include: 
1 Economic growth is expected to improve
Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) forecasts the 
Malaysian economy to grow between 4.0% to 
5.0% in 2024, from 3.7% in 2023, on the back 
of an anticipated export recovery and resilient  
domestic expenditure. Collectively, the tech 
upcycle, stronger external demand and continued 
improvement in the tourism sector are expected 
to drive export demand. On the domestic front, 
continued employment and wage growth will 
support household spending. In tandem, the IMF 
forecasts Malaysia to grow by c.4.3% in 2024.
2 Inflation is expected to remain modest
Headline inflation moderated to 2.5% (2022: 3.3%), 
while core inflation was stable at 3.0% in 2023 
(2022: 3.0%) due mainly to lower cost pressures 
amid stabilising demand conditions. In 2024, 
inflation is projected to remain modest, broadly 
reflecting stable cost and demand conditions. 
However, BNM cautioned that the inflation outlook 
remains highly dependent on changes in the 
domestic policy on subsidies and price controls, 
as well as global commodity prices and financial 
market developments.
3 Interest rates are expected to remain steady
The Overnight Policy Rate (OPR) increased by 25 
basis points in May 2023. It remained unchanged 
at 3.0% as BNM prioritised economic growth, 
given easing inflationary pressures. The market 
anticipates that BNM will maintain the current 
OPR given the expected soft landing of the global 
economy, Federal Reserve (Fed) rate cuts starting 
mid-2024 and gradual subsidy rationalisation by 
the Malaysian government.
4 Ringgit is expected to improve
The Malaysian Ringgit remained volatile in 
2023, depreciating by 4.3%, mainly due to 
external factors amid a robust USD environment.  
The market expects the Ringgit to rebound in 
2024 amid an anticipated recovery in exports,  
Fed rate cuts, and structural initiatives including 
fiscal consolidation and the execution of plans 
under Malaysia’s latest macroeconomic blueprints. 
5 Labour market conditions are expected to  
hold steady
Labour market conditions improved in 2023, as the 
unemployment rate declined year-on-year from 
3.7% to 3.3%, reaching pre-pandemic levels. The 
labour participation rate rose to a record high of 
70.2% in 2023, up 0.4 percentage points. The labour 
market is expected to hold steady in 2024 at current 
unemployment levels, underpinned by domestic 
economic momentum and external trade recovery.
6 Consumers maintain cautious optimism
The quarterly Consumer Sentiment Index (CSI) by 
Malaysia Institute of Economic Research (MIER) 
declined sharply by 16 points in 2023, ending the 
year below the optimism threshold of 100. The 
index plunged from 105.3 in Q4 2022 to a low of 
78.9 in Q3 2023 before increasing to 89.4 in Q4 
2023. Though consumer sentiment improved in the 
fourth quarter, consumers remained cautious in 
their spending as inflation worries persisted. 
7 Business confidence improves
MIER’s quarterly Business Conditions Index (BCI) 
indicated that business confidence improved 
marginally by 3 points in 2023, though below the 
optimism threshold. BCI slumped to a low of 79.7 
in Q3 2023 from 85.9 in Q4 2022 before picking 
up in Q4 2023 to 89.0, underpinned by a positive 
outlook in the services and construction industry. 
Businesses remain cautiously optimistic that 
exports and domestic orders will accelerate in 2024.
Short Term
The market outlook for 2024 is cautiously optimistic, as major indicators show signs of gradual improvement, including a 
higher economic growth forecast, stable inflation and a resilient employment market.

---- Page 21 ----
19
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Market Landscape
1 Robust demand for local content
Vernacular content accounts for the bulk of content consumption among Malaysians. Astro customers spend 77% of 
their time watching vernacular content, up by another 2 percentage points in FY24 (+5 percentage points in FY23). 
We observe a growing demand for premium local content among urban Malaysian audiences and digital natives, 
who seek compelling storylines imbued with local nuances alongside high production values in line with regional and  
global trends. Astro is poised to benefit from this trend as Malaysia’s largest content creator.
3 Rebalancing economic dynamics in the media landscape
The emergence of online streaming platforms and shift towards on-demand content consumption have significantly 
impacted traditional TV viewership, leading to cord-cutting trends. Within this evolving ecosystem, concerns arise 
regarding the dominance of giant technology corporations, creating an imbalance between local and foreign 
players. Local content and media providers have experienced substantial declines, with an estimated annual loss of  
RM2 billion in advertisement revenue attributed to social media giants. Notably, these foreign entities operate without 
contributing to the country's revenue streams, such as corporate taxes and licensing fees, thereby diverting digital 
advertising expenditure from the local economy. Malaysia also loses out in terms of inbound investments, job creation 
and the economic multiplier effect. Legislative action, similar to those passed in Australia and Canada, is required to 
foster equitable competition within the industry and ensure the sustainability of local media enterprises.
2 Threat of digital content piracy
Content piracy is not unique to Astro and continues to be the No. 1 risk affecting all media broadcasting businesses  
across the globe. Macroeconomic challenges amplify these risks, increasing consumers’ cost of living and reducing their 
wallet size. With connectivity now available at lower prices, the proliferation of illegal streaming of content via websites, 
social media and video platforms, and the ease of purchasing illicit streaming devices (ISD) from e-commerce platforms, 
consumers now have an abundance of cheaper, or even free, accessible illegal streaming options.
Astro has ramped up piracy countermeasures via:
Awareness campaigns among consumers, judicial 
bodies, and regulators on the severe adverse impact 
of content piracy on the country and industry, such 
as loss of jobs, tax revenue, and cybersecurity risks, 
including malware, personal data theft, scams and  
inappropriate content
Ongoing engagement in criminal and civil action cases 
against ISD sellers and distributors, individuals who 
create and manage illegal streaming platforms, and 
commercial establishments who show pirated content 
to their patrons
Significant investments into IP 
protection technology to identify 
and take down illegal content 
streams across various platforms
An increase in collaborations with 
regulatory bodies to heighten 
enforcement action and improve IP 
protection laws
Continuous collaboration with social 
media and video platform providers 
to restrict users from streaming 
pirated content in real time
Medium to Long Term
Given the entertainment and media industry's high competitive intensity and fragmentation, numerous opportunities exist 
to partner and establish a robust ecosystem around TV, broadband, streaming apps, and advertising to generate value  
amid demographic and behavioural shifts. The strong demand for high-quality local content is an essential tailwind to 
leverage, while piracy remains the main headwind. Meanwhile, generative Artificial Intelligence (AI) has emerged as a 
potential game changer for the industry.

---- Page 22 ----
20
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Market Landscape
5 Consolidation of the video entertainment 
landscape 
The video entertainment industry continues to 
face heightened competition. Global players are 
looking to expand or diversify their entertainment 
catalogue, from acquiring live-sports rights to 
partnerships for bundled services. With growing 
emphasis on consolidation and profitability 
amid rising costs and moderation in subscriber 
growth, global players have expanded to  
ad-supported tiers to attract budget-conscious 
customers, enforced stricter password-sharing 
measures and adopted tighter cost control across 
content, marketing, technology and staffing. 
Further consolidation in terms of businesses and  
streaming assets is expected. 
7 Transition to a ‘cookieless’ world
As web browsers gradually phase out third-party 
cookies due to privacy and security concerns, 
advertisers are seeking alternative means of 
reaching their target audience through campaigns 
that can be measured and tracked effectively. 
Astro’s introduction of Addressable Advertising in 
2022 refreshes the TV advertising proposition to 
one that provides digital-style targeting capability 
across TV, streaming (OTT), and On Demand in a 
single measurable campaign and in a brand-safe 
manner that protects consumer privacy.
6 AI as a potential gamechanger
The rise of user-generated content (UGC) 
platforms and the acceleration of generative AI  
development pose potential opportunities and 
challenges to the industry. With the rapid growth 
of AI, including the release of an impressive  
text-to-video generative AI called ‘Sora’ by 
OpenAI in February 2024, the long-term potential 
upsides include reducing cost barriers in content 
production and facilitating creative and hyper-
personalised entertainment while downsides 
are risks to jobs and the ease of generating  
‘deepfakes’ and circulating disinformation.
8 Improved connectivity to drive digital content 
consumption
Malaysia is focusing on enhancing digital 
connectivity to provide broader, faster and 
better coverage across the nation. Phase 1  
(2020-2022) of the National Digital Infrastructure 
Plan (JENDELA) accomplished its target of  
7.5 million fibre premises passed, while 97% 4G 
coverage of populated areas was also achieved. 
With Phase 2 (2022-2025) well underway, 
Malaysia will expedite its digital connectivity 
efforts, targeting 9.0 million fibre premises 
passed and 100% internet coverage in populated 
areas by 2025. On the 5G front, Malaysia has 
achieved 80% coverage of populated areas in 
January 2024. The 5G deployment is expected 
to accelerate nationwide as Malaysia’s five 
major telcos signed up for a 70% stake in Digital  
Nasional Berhad (DNB) in December 2023. 
Expansive connectivity along with the increasing 
adoption of smartphones and smart TVs will 
further propel digital content consumption.
4 Malaysia as an ageing population
Based on the Department of Statistics Malaysia, 
the country’s population grew 2.1% to 33.7 million 
in 2023 (2022: 33.0 million). However, the average 
population growth rate declined from 1.4% 
between 2013 to 2018 to 0.8% between 2018 to 
2023. Based on Malaysia’s latest census data in 
2020, the average household size decreased from 
4.3 in 2010 to 3.8 in 2020. Concurrently, Malaysia’s 
population is ageing, with the 65+ years cohort 
comprising 6.6% of the total population in 2020 
(2010: 4.6%), and the 15-64 years cohort at 69.9% 
of the total population in 2020 (2010: 69.0%). 
Additionally, urbanisation reached 75.1% in 2020 
(2010: 70.9%).
Medium to Long Term (Cont’d)

---- Page 23 ----
21
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Managing our key business risks and opportunities 
At Astro, we aim to balance the pursuit of value creation opportunities by managing existing and potential risks such as piracy, 
emerging competitors, and disruption in the supply chain. Our approach is based on identifying and addressing key business  
risks through a comprehensive risk management process that is closely linked to our overall strategic goals. Our risk identification 
and prioritisation process is explained on pages 132 to 133 of the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control (SORMIC). 
Our key business risks and opportunities, key risk indicators, and the measures we are taking to mitigate these risks are tabled 
below. These risks are not ranked in any particular order and should not be viewed in isolation as some may be interrelated, 
whereby improvements in one may impact another directly or indirectly.
OUR TOP 10 RISKS
Risk Category: StrategicS FinancialF OperationalO ComplianceC
Content Piracy S
Risks:
• Threats include unauthorised 
retransmission, file sharing, streaming via 
illicit streaming devices (ISD), websites, 
blogs, apps and social media 
• Increased connectivity and digitalisation 
fuels illegal streaming
Opportunities:
• Develop secure digital platforms for 
content distribution with enhanced 
digital rights management 
• Raise awareness of piracy and the value 
of supporting legitimate content
• Collaborate with industry peers, 
regulatory and governmental agencies 
to advocate for stronger IP laws and 
enforcement
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Implement a robust Anti-Piracy 
Framework to safeguard our content and 
IP, which includes proactive measures 
to prevent, detect and address piracy 
issues effectively
• Engage constantly with governmental 
agencies, regulators and industry 
stakeholders on piracy countermeasures 
and for robust IP protection enforcement
• Invest in our IT security and technology 
platforms to identify potential 
vulnerabilities and protect our digital 
assets and IPs
• Promote responsible content 
consumption awareness among 
consumers and businesses
• Undertake legal action against 
ISD distributors and commercial 
establishments to set a precedent and 
enforce legal content use
Key Risk Indicators
• Piracy monitoring
• Market share
Link to Material Matters
• Responsible content
• Revenue diversification 
and financial performance
Link to Strategic Drivers
Key Business Risks and Opportunities
People Risk O
Risks:
• Challenge in securing and retaining the 
right talents for the digital economy
• Talent shortage may impact business 
progress
• Risk of losing competitive edge and 
innovation capability without skilled 
employees
Opportunities:
• Enhance business performance and 
innovation through a skilled and 
motivated workforce
• Build a diverse and inclusive work 
environment that fosters creativity and 
collaboration
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Develop talent pipeline and retain good 
talent through talent development 
programmes (e.g. young talent 
programmes) and performance-based 
rewards
• Plan for leadership succession to ensure 
continuity and prepare future leaders
• Promote values of creativity, inclusivity, 
and accountability to foster collaboration 
and an inclusive workplace
• Engage with employees regularly to keep 
Team Astro motivated, engaged, and 
aligned with business goals
Key Risk Indicators
• Astro People Survey 
results
• Critical roles’ vacancies
• Succession planning
Link to Material Matters
• Talent acquisition, 
development and 
engagement
Link to Strategic Drivers

---- Page 24 ----
22
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) S
Risks:
• Acceleration of climate change may 
disrupt our operations and supply chain, 
leading to financial and operational risks
• Investor expectations concerning ESG 
compliance may influence funding and 
investment
• Transition to sustainable practices and 
regulatory changes requires adaptation, 
which may involve significant operational 
and financial adjustments
Opportunities:
• Enhance brand reputation through 
strong ESG practices
• Drive innovation in products and services 
through sustainability efforts 
• Improve operational efficiency and cost 
savings from sustainability practices
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Ensure effective ESG strategy formulation 
and adaptation via our ESG Governance 
structure that incorporates Board 
oversight
• The ESG Assurance Management 
Committee (ESG AMC), led by the 
GCEO, oversees the execution and 
implementation of ESG strategies and 
reports directly to our Board
• Integrate sustainability across our 
operations through our five key ESG 
Pillars (namely Responsible Business, 
Caring for our Environment, Voice for 
Good, Education for All, and Community 
Development)
• Incorporate ESG KPIs into SL T 
performance evaluations, strengthening 
the link between ESG performance and 
management remuneration
• In FY24, the Board approved our Climate 
Roadmap, a commitment to achieve 
carbon neutrality by 2040 
• Commitment towards aligning 
our disclosures to relevant climate 
requirements
Key Risk Indicators
• ESG ratings
• Carbon emissions
• 3-year ESG KPIs
Link to Material Matters
• Revenue diversification 
and financial performance
• Responsible content
• Customer reach and 
experience
• Technology and 
innovation
Link to Strategic Drivers
Key Business Risks and Opportunities
Regulatory and Compliance C
Risks:
• Changes in legislative framework and 
regulatory policies could disrupt the 
current operating model
• Non-compliance with new or existing 
regulations could lead to legal 
repercussions and financial penalties
• Adapting to regulatory changes may 
require significant operational and 
financial adjustments 
Opportunities:
• Staying ahead of regulatory changes 
could position Astro as a responsible and 
compliant industry leader
• Proactive engagement with regulators 
could favourably influence policy 
development
• Effective compliance could enhance 
corporate reputation and stakeholder 
trust
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Actively engage and communicate with 
regulators to understand and minimise 
any adverse impact of regulatory 
changes
• Regularly review and update policies 
and procedures, including implementing 
control measures and automating 
processes
• Conduct employee awareness 
programmes on regulatory compliance, 
including Content Code, Self Censorship 
Guidelines, and other compliance-related 
matters
• Implement a Third-party Code of 
Business Ethics (CoBE), due diligence 
questionnaire, and vendor integrity 
pledge to prevent bribery, corruption, and 
fraudulent activities
• Enhance the Astro Anti-Corruption 
Framework (AACF) to mitigate bribery 
and corruption risks
Key Risk Indicators
• Emerging regulatory 
requirements and policies 
that may impact our 
business
• Internal performance 
monitoring
• Fines and penalties 
Link to Material Matters
• Responsible content
• Business ethics and 
compliance
Link to Strategic Drivers
For more on ESG risk 
management, see pages 58 to 
59, and Management Approach 
for Material Matters on  
pages 63 to 78

---- Page 25 ----
23
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Market and Competition S
Risks:
• Intense competition from global and 
local content providers offers vast choice 
to customers, potentially reducing our 
market share
• Content negotiation may lead to loss or 
dilution of content rights, affecting the 
appeal of our services
• Owners of content rights may hold out 
in preference to their own OTT platform, 
limiting access to popular content
Opportunities:
• Position Astro as a one-stop hub for OTT 
services, offering a simplified, integrated 
streaming experience 
• Monetise local and sports IPs in a holistic 
manner across advertising, ticketed 
events, licensing, merchandising and 
spinoffs
• Monitor the operating landscape and 
realign our strategic priorities against 
emerging opportunities to serve our 
diverse consumer base
• Leverage data-driven insights to 
expand and enhance our products to 
boost personalisation and engagement, 
elevate user experience and simplify 
customer journey
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Expand and refine our content lineup 
and product offerings to enhance our 
customer value proposition. We now 
have three distinct video services (Astro 
Pay-TV, NJOI Prepaid and sooka) to  
serve diverse market segments 
• Produce and invest in Astro Originals, 
signatures and other varied content 
categories to cater to the content palates 
of Malaysian consumers
• Aggregate regional and international 
content across all genres on U-Boxes 
to alleviate ‘streaming confusion’ and 
provide a comprehensive entertainment 
solution 
• Collaborate with government bodies, 
content creators and producers to 
produce quality local content 
• Partner with local film producers to 
release films directly to homes via Astro 
First, Malaysia’s largest home cinema
Key Risk Indicators
• New entrants 
• Latest products and 
offerings
• Net promoter score
• Market share
Link to Material Matters
• Revenue diversification 
and financial performance
• Responsible content
• Customer reach and 
experience
• Technology and 
innovation
Link to Strategic Drivers
Sustainable Business S
Risks:
• Rising inflation and cost of living may  
lead to reduced disposable income, 
affecting consumer spending on 
entertainment
• Customers becoming more price-
sensitive potentially impacts subscription 
renewal and new sign-ups
Opportunities:
• Expand our ecosystem by introducing 
new products and services that cater to 
evolving customer needs
• Enhance customer experience through 
increased automation and digitisation in 
the customer journey
• Use the challenging environment as a 
catalyst to transform the organisation 
and operations
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Calibrate pricing strategies based 
on consumer research and market 
dynamics, balanced against content and 
technology costs
• Offer value-added services to enhance 
our value proposition for customers, 
including bundled offerings like Astro 
Fibre
• Promote uptake of services through 
attractive rebates and offers to existing 
and potential customers
• Diversify revenue through ancillary and 
adjacent businesses to reduce reliance 
on traditional revenue streams
• Review and reshape the organisational 
structure, business processes, 
automation initiatives and outsourcing 
opportunities for leaner operations
Key Risk Indicators
• Financial and operational 
indicators
• Net promoter score
• Customer spending
• Inflation rate
• Customer churn rate
Link to Material Matters
• Revenue diversification 
and financial performance
• Responsible content
• Customer reach and 
experience
• Technology and 
innovation
Link to Strategic Drivers
Key Business Risks and Opportunities

---- Page 26 ----
24
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Economic Conditions FS
Risks:
• Macroeconomic headwinds may impede 
business recovery and affect households 
and businesses
• Inflation and cost of living issues may 
reduce consumer spending and impact 
profitability 
• USD-denominated transponder lease 
liabilities and content costs expose our 
business to forex volatility 
Opportunities:
• Accelerate digitalisation and automation 
to streamline operations and optimise 
costs
• Align business strategies in response 
to changing economic conditions and 
consumer sentiments
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Actively review and align business 
plans with the changing economic 
landscape and consumer sentiments, 
including monitoring geopolitical and 
macroeconomic developments
• Streamline operations and optimise cost 
through digitalisation, automation and 
the implementation of machine learning 
technologies
• Monitor competitors’ strategies to stay 
informed on industry and market trends
• Regularly reevaluate business plans, 
product enhancements, capital 
expenditure and resources while 
effectively managing costs for balanced 
growth and performance
• Closely monitor forex exposure and 
strategic use of hedging to mitigate forex 
volatility impact
Key Risk Indicators
• Consumer & business 
sentiment indices
• Inflation rate
• Unemployment rate
• Overnight policy rate 
• Exchange rate 
• Financial and operational 
indicators
• Debt covenants
Link to Material Matters
• Revenue diversification 
and financial performance
• Customer reach and 
experience
• Technology and 
innovation
Link to Strategic Drivers
Operational Risk O
Risks:
• Business interruptions due to geopolitical 
events, resource shortages, and extreme 
weather conditions may impact the 
ability to deliver quality services
• Supply chain disruptions may affect the 
timely delivery of necessary materials 
and services
• Technical and partner failures may impair 
operational efficiency
Opportunities:
• Enhance supply chain management and 
vendor relationships
• Leverage digital technologies to improve 
operational resilience
• Diversify supply and content to reduce 
dependency risks
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Maintain ongoing communication with 
critical suppliers to monitor supply 
availability and scheduling while 
identifying alternative sources 
• Conduct periodic evaluations of vendor 
performance to identify areas of 
improvement and formalise corrective 
actions for any shortcomings
• Supply diversification, including content 
across genres and technology, to reduce 
single source dependency
• Review business continuity plans, 
including having alternate sites, vendors 
and systems to support operations in 
case of contingencies
• Reassess business approaches, 
leveraging digital technologies to 
enhance business and operational 
resiliency 
• Ongoing review of our systems and 
processes to minimise potential service 
disruption
Key Risk Indicators
• Service level performance
• Business downtime 
• Risk flags on sales, 
inventory and operational 
planning reports
Link to Material Matters
• Climate change
• Vendor and supply chain 
• Customer reach and 
experience
• Technology and 
innovation
Link to Strategic Drivers
Key Business Risks and Opportunities

---- Page 27 ----
25
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Technology and Innovation S
Risks:
• Rapid technology changes may cause 
obsolescence of technology investments 
before the end of their useful lives 
• Challenges in adopting key evolving 
technologies may impact our speed-to-
market and product proposition 
Opportunities:
• Enhance customer experience through 
advanced technology and user interface
• Leverage technology and data for a 
seamless content experience
• Monetise Addressable Advertising 
solutions and streaming services
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Deliberate technology strategies at the 
Board level, including the technology 
blueprint, to ensure flexible architecture 
to support business requirement
• Elevate product roadmap that builds 
on content aggregation strategy with 
enhanced user interface and customer 
experience 
• Continuous investment in new  
capabilities for our systems to deliver 
innovative and relevant services to 
customers
• Offer flagship U-Boxes that are 
compatible with both satellite and 
broadband (hybrid), allowing for  
self-installation and is environmentally 
friendly
• Launch new tool to measure unified 
audience reach across our platforms  
(TV + Addressable Advertising) to 
strengthen our adex proposition, with 
a roadmap in place to extend this to 
include Astro’s digital platforms
Key Risk Indicators
• Project progress report
• Technology-related 
customer complaints
• Customer satisfaction 
score
• Adoption rate
Link to Material Matters
• Customer reach and 
experience
• Technology and 
innovation
Link to Strategic Drivers
Cyber Threat and Data Privacy O
Risks:
• Increased risk of cybersecurity incidents 
from higher reliance on technology and 
connectivity
• Data breaches / theft / loss, or 
misappropriation of information may 
lead to reputational damage, regulatory 
penalties, and business disruptions 
• Ineffective prevention or response to 
cybersecurity incidents may negatively 
impact customer and stakeholder 
confidence 
Opportunities:
• Strengthen brand trust and customer 
loyalty by demonstrating robust 
cybersecurity measures
• Leverage advanced cybersecurity 
technologies to gain a competitive edge
• Innovate data protection and privacy 
measures
Key Mitigation Actions:
• Continuous investment in systems and 
technology to identify vulnerabilities 
and prioritise remediation for improved 
security systems against malicious 
activities, cyberattacks and malware
• Implement security policies, procedures, 
technologies, and tools to minimise 
breaches and adopt and adapt industry 
best practices to enhance cybersecurity 
posture
• Monitor and improve cyber risk 
governance and cyber defence 
capabilities for operational resilience
• Establish escalation process for major 
incidents to ensure prompt identification 
and resolution
• Comply with the Personal Data  
Protection Act (PDPA) and regularly 
review our insurance coverage to protect 
against potential financial losses
• Reinforce employee awareness through 
mandatory annual PDPA assessments 
and regular information and e-learning 
programmes
Key Risk Indicators
• Cyberattack and security 
incident reports
• Cybersecurity technology 
updates
• Data protection and 
privacy monitoring
Link to Material Matters
• Cybersecurity and data 
privacy
• Technology and 
innovation
• Business ethics and 
compliance
Link to Strategic Drivers
Key Business Risks and Opportunities

---- Page 28 ----
26
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Strategic Priorities
Astro is committed to being Malaysia’s No. 1 Entertainment Destination. We will entertain, inform and 
engage our customers with the best local, regional and international content, news and live sports.
LOCAL
Our business is centred on consistently producing great 
local content; we create captivating and innovative 
content tailored to Malaysians, showcasing local stories 
and trends with a strong ensemble of local talents. 
Our strategic advantage lies in our ability to craft high-
quality local dramas, reality shows and movies, catering 
to the preference of Malaysians for vernacular language  
content with local nuances targeted at differing audience 
groups. Under the Astro Originals brand, we target a 
more urban audience, deploying our creative production 
capabilities to boldly explore complex storylines and 
societal taboos. Our live signatures approach is to  
capture mass audience engagement, leveraging 
our capabilities to create large-scale, multi-camera 
productions. Astro is also opportunistic in developing 
and growing household staple IPs. An example is Gegar 
Vaganza (popularly known as GV), which retained its 
position as the No. 1 TV show in Malaysia upon returning 
for its 10 th season in FY24 and successfully sold out the 
finals show at Axiata Arena with ticket prices of up to 
RM688. This allows us to optimise audience engagement, 
maintain better control over costs, and enhance margins 
by exploring various monetisation avenues, including 
sponsorship, licensing, ground events and merchandising 
as we develop additional IPs. 
To capture new viewers and engage existing ones, we 
emphasise content innovation in new genres and formats, 
and partnerships to capitalise on changing consumer 
trends. Up-and-coming genres include travel, in response 
to the strong interest in experiences post-COVID-19 
lockdowns, and entrepreneurship, given how Gen Z 
and millennials are more inclined to engage in business 
and the gig economy. We will also evaluate global 
trends and adapt popular international IPs to suit local 
audience tastes. Family Feud, for example, was adapted 
Content: Champion local content and live sports while aggregating the rest
SPORTS
Being Malaysia’s Home of Sports, we feature global top-
tier live sporting events including the Premier League, 
UEFA Champions League, LaLiga, Badminton BWF Super 
Series and Formula 1. Additionally, we are laser-focused 
on local sports, with their ability to garner more Malaysian 
viewers versus international tournaments.
In championing local sports, our strategic partnership 
with the Malaysian Football League (MFL) enables 
us to reinvent and revitalise Malaysian football by 
bringing comprehensive coverage of Liga Malaysia 
through 2025, including high-quality ancillary content 
to deepen fan engagement and develop local sports.  
We marked a historic moment in Malaysia by delivering 
the first-ever live sports broadcast in Dolby Atmos,  
Dolby Vision and UHD in FY24. In addition, we revamped 
our digital experience via Stadium Astro by introducing 
new features and a simpler user journey to enhance the 
overall sports experience.
in four languages (Malay, English, Mandarin and Tamil) 
to cater to Malaysia’s diverse population. Meanwhile,  
My Famous Ex-Boyfriend synergised our drama and 
music capabilities with our top Rocketfuel talent, Hael 
Husaini, in the titular role and releasing his No. 1 album 
comprising songs from the series.
On the silver screen, Astro Shaw will continue to lead 
as the No. 1 local film producer with a strong pipeline of 
releases in FY25, including The Experts, from the same 
producer as Polis Evo 3, and the highly anticipated 
prequel movie to our hit series Project: High Council. This 
will build on our growing success, including Polis Evo 3, 
which grossed over RM54 million local box office and 
emerged as the No. 1 Movie in Malaysia in 2023, beating 
Hollywood juggernauts Fast X and Transformers.
1
Content
2
Products
3
Sustainability
4
Cost Management

---- Page 29 ----
27
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Strategic Priorities
NEWS
AWANI, once again recognised as Malaysia’s most  
trusted news brand and the leading TV news brand 
on social media, maintains its commitment to keeping 
Malaysians informed. Through in-depth coverage of 
breaking news and objective analyses of pressing issues, 
AWANI continues to solidify its reputation. Building on 
the success of its 15th General Election coverage in 2022, 
AWANI’s comprehensive reporting of the 2023 State 
Elections attracted high ratings, showcasing its enduring 
popularity among audiences.
With sustainability as a core editorial pillar, AWANI  
covers sustainability thought leadership and community 
stories. Leveraging its strategic partnership with 
UN Habitat and World Economic Forum (WEF),  
AWANI Green Action focuses on ESG topics using a 
hyperlocal approach to raise public awareness and best 
practices in Malaysia. 
KIDS & YOUTH
We are focused on edutainment by making learning fun 
and exciting for the younger generation. As the most 
watched genre On Demand, our original kids franchises 
and shows provide a safe and fun learning environment 
and continue to grow from strength to strength. Key IPs 
include the globally popular Islamic kids show Omar & 
Hana and the award-winning preschool IP Didi & Friends 
that has successfully transitioned to the silver screen. 
Astro has started creating shows targeted at pre-teens, 
such as recent releases Super Nabil and Makania. Our 
live-action Legenda Puteri Qaseh won Bronze for Best 
Kids TV Programme Made in Asia at the ContentAsia 
AGGREGATION
Amid the fragmented video landscape, we present 
customers with a seamless user experience, catering 
to all their entertainment needs and alleviating their 
‘streaming confusion’. We are committed to providing 
customers access to top-tier regional and international 
content spanning diverse genres through direct content 
acquisition and aggregating OTT streaming services.  
A total of 13 streaming services have been integrated 
onto our U-Boxes so far.
Moving forward:
• Uphold our role as a responsible content 
provider, curating a diverse content portfolio 
to cater to audience demand across various  
genres, languages and platforms
• Maintain our position as Malaysia’s leading 
content creator by producing captivating,  
high-quality local content, emphasising 
signatures, Astro Originals, movies, kids and 
news content
• Focus on innovation to introduce new genres  
and formats to delight both new and existing 
viewers
• As the Home of Sports in Malaysia, champion 
high-quality, extensive coverage of key live 
global and Malaysian sporting events including 
Liga Malaysia
• Advocate for equal access to quality education 
for all by offering entertaining academic learning 
content
• Strategically capitalise on 360° content 
experiences with monetisation opportunities, 
encompassing advertising, on-ground ticketed 
events, merchandising, music and talent
• Collaborate with partners to elevate local 
productions and talent
• Aggregate the best of international and regional 
shows, incorporating more premium content and 
lifestyle apps
Content: Champion local content and live sports while aggregating the rest (Cont’d)
We are creating more excitement amongst the youth 
community on ground, partnering with national 
associations to progress our Sepak Takraw League (STL) 
and Netball Super League (NSL), as well as organising 
sports clinics in schools. With Malaysia already excelling 
at these sports internationally, we introduced STL and 
NSL as local leagues to provide a high-quality platform 
for players to stay competitive and promote grassroots 
development. By leveraging Astro Arena's reach and 
viewership, we also aim to create new stars who will 
eventually be household names. We have expanded STL, 
now in its 10 th year, to include a regional tournament for 
improved exposure and competition. We hope to do the 
same with NSL eventually.
Awards. Our local kids IPs coupled with our aggregation 
of international kids content, provide a sustainable 
viewership, solidifying our U-Boxes as the go-to fun and 
reliable family-safe way to edutain kids at home. 
For details on our Content performance, refer to the Content section 
on pages 33 to 40

---- Page 30 ----
28
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Strategic Priorities
VIDEO
Using data-driven insights, we continuously grow and 
improve our product offerings and their value proposition 
to best serve all consumer segments. Our goal is to  
provide our customers with exciting products that enrich 
their lives and meet their varied preferences regarding 
language, platform, content genre and propensity to 
spend. We currently offer three unique video services, 
each with a separate menu for customers: our Pay-TV 
service, Astro; our freemium TV service, NJOI; and our 
standalone OTT app, sooka.
We have simplified Astro Pay-TV packs. These now 
come bundled with streaming services, and broadband 
can be easily appended for as low as RM60 for 
100Mbps. We will continue integrating more streaming 
services onto the U-Boxes to provide our subscribers 
with the best regional and international content. 
These boxes can operate on both satellite and IP via 
a stable internet connection, making Astro a truly  
platform-agnostic service. Today, customers can 
experience personalised viewing and discover and 
stream more shows of their preference anytime, all in 
one place. We continually enhance our box features to 
deliver a superior viewing experience. As customers on 
the U-Boxes report high engagement and lower churn, 
we also run campaigns to encourage our long-tenured 
customers to swap their old set-top boxes for these new 
ones. For those on the go, Astro customers can access 
our Astro GO app to stream and watch their favourite  
shows and matches anytime, anywhere.
Meanwhile, we have introduced new packages for 
sooka, providing added flexibility for customers to 
choose the entertainment option that best suits their 
lifestyle and viewing preferences. sooka’s content 
selection has been expanded to include kids, Korean 
and FAST channels. These can be viewed on up to three 
screens simultaneously, at higher resolutions than ever 
before, elevating the viewing experience. Meanwhile,  
NJOI Prepaid continues to serve and expand our reach 
across untapped Malaysian homes. 
BROADBAND
Broadband is a natural fit for our content proposition 
by unlocking our On Demand library of 97,000 videos 
and the full functionality of our U-Boxes. Both retail  
and enterprise customers can opt to add our high-speed  
broadband to their content subscriptions at an  
affordable price via our Astro Fibre and Astro BIZFibre 
products, respectively. Having recently revised our 
pricing structure to offer better value to customers in line 
with the wholesale reference access offer reductions, 
we are optimistic that more customers will opt for our  
broadband offering.
ENTERPRISE
For enterprises, we have introduced new offerings for 
Malaysian businesses in the commercial and hospitality 
industries, including SMEs. Our flexible content packages 
build on Astro’s rich content library. They can be bundled 
with our Astro BIZFibre, our high-speed broadband  
service. Positioned as a strong business partner for 
enterprise customers, we are helping businesses drive 
footfall to their outlets with our premium content, 
especially live sports and news, reliable internet service, 
expertise in organising on-ground events, and leveraging 
our advertising reach. We look to grow this segment, 
having just introduced BIZOne, our new customisable 
packages based on outlet type and seating capacity.
Products: Deliver exceptional products and services by leveraging technology
Catering to various modes of consumption, we ensure  
that our products can serve customers anytime 
and anywhere. These include Astro GO, the Pay-TV  
companion app, and the sooka smart TV app that offers a 
big screen proposition. 
We aim to deliver a seamless and consistent customer 
journey by leveraging data and digital. We are enhancing 
digital self-serve to empower users to find solutions 
independently, streamlining processes to ensure swift 
resolution of support requests, and utilising data and AI to 
recommend content and dynamically predict user action.

---- Page 31 ----
29
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Strategic Priorities
ADVERTISING
We aim to grow our adex revenue holistically across 
TV, radio and digital platforms, building on our trove of  
popular content IPs, content production capabilities, 
Rocketfuel on-screen talents and successful on-ground 
events. 
We are focused on innovation, rolling out new  
advertising solutions to meet market demand and stay 
relevant. Our Addressable Advertising service, the first 
in Southeast Asia, makes it possible to effectively deliver 
targeted advertisements across TV, On Demand and 
Astro GO based on viewer location, demographics and 
affluence, leveraging our proprietary first-party audience 
data. We are confident that Addressable Advertising 
will become the market norm over the longer term as  
third-party cookies are phased out and agencies and 
clients grow accustomed to this offering.
In the audio space, we will strengthen Astro Radio’s 
position as the No. 1 radio brand in Malaysia on air 
and online, including via the Syok app. We aim to 
humanise radio and amplify its impact beyond urban 
areas. By centring our content around authentic human  
experiences, we can better connect with audiences 
across diverse demographics and geographic locations. 
Concurrently, we are focused on deepening user 
engagement on our digital platforms, such as Gempak, 
AWANI, XUAN, SYOK and Astro Ulagam to monetise our 
extensive digital reach better. 
To strengthen our adex proposition to advertisers, we 
launched a new unified audience measurement tool in 
FY24 that allows us to aggregate audiences across TV 
and Addressable Advertising. Work is well underway 
to expand its scope to include Astro’s digital platforms 
so we can report our unified audience reach across  
all platforms. 
Products: Deliver exceptional products and services by leveraging technology (Cont’d)
Moving forward:
• Serve differing customer segments – homes, 
individuals and enterprises – by offering  
one-stop entertainment, connectivity and 
advertising solutions to meet their diverse needs 
and requirements
• Accelerate the growth of sooka via attractive 
packages and price points, refreshed marketing 
and content line-up, including the addition of 
FAST channels
• Expand and refine our premium Pay-TV offering 
and bundled value proposition 
• Strengthen NJOI with more premium HD  
content for a better viewing experience and 
simpler pack options
• Connect more Malaysian homes and businesses 
through our own Astro Fibre broadband service 
• Grow enterprise customers with flexible content 
and connectivity solutions 
• Drive adoption of Addressable Advertising, 
leveraging our unique position as the largest 
media player in Malaysia 
• Sustain market leadership in the audio sphere, 
both on FM and online radio
• Digitalise and simplify products and processes 
to enhance customer experience and deliver a 
seamless customer journey 
• Enrich and harness first-party data across 
touchpoints to optimise business outcomes 
• Enhance and refine UI / UX and product 
functionalities, focused on improving 
personalisation, curation and recommendations 
• Harness technology to manage piracy 
across all platforms through various piracy 
countermeasures
For details on the performance of our Products, refer to the Products 
section on pages 41 to 49

---- Page 32 ----
30
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Responsible Business 
Our strong corporate and sustainability governance frameworks are critical in ensuring ethical business  
practices and stakeholder dealings, compliance with regulations, and effective risk management across all  
business activities. In particular, we emphasise talent well-being and nurturing a sustainable talent pipeline.
Education for All 
Education is the key to long-term nation-building and the well-being of our future generation. Leveraging our 
content, we aim to provide access to quality learning and edutainment shows for all Malaysians, particularly  
those in rural and remote communities. Astro Kasih also provides scholarships to bright students in need to  
pursue their tertiary education.
Caring for our Environment 
As a Group, we are committed to being carbon neutral by 2040. In FY24, we finalised our Climate Roadmap to 
guide us on our journey to reduce overall GHG emissions. We also launched RimbaKita, our advocacy campaign  
to amplify awareness on environmental conservation.
Voice for Good 
As Malaysia’s largest media and content powerhouse, Astro is uniquely positioned to be its Voice for Good by 
airing Public Service Announcements (PSA) and championing ESG-related content. We take an active stance 
to increase sustainability dialogues and content to entertain and inspire Malaysians on TV, radio, digital and  
on-ground.
Community Development 
We aim to build sustainable communities and create a lasting impact on society via our community 
programmes and sports initiatives while providing emergency relief when needed. In FY24, Team Astro 
volunteers contributed over 2,200 hours to these events. We continue to spearhead Astro Kem Badminton 
(AKB), providing a platform for youths across Malaysia to train and elevate their competitive badminton skills. 
Since 2012, we have trained over 19,600 AKB alumni, of which 40 are currently serving on Malaysia’s national  
badminton squad.
Strategic Priorities
Sustainability: Create a sustainable impact on our five key ESG Pillars
Our sustainability efforts, centred around five ESG Pillars, are implemented Group-wide. Via Yayasan Astro Kasih,  
our Group’s Foundation, we develop and execute innovative, impactful long-term projects to empower communities.
ESG Pillars:

---- Page 33 ----
31
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Strategic Priorities
Sustainability: Create a sustainable impact on our five key ESG Pillars (Cont’d)
Moving forward:
• Advocate for a greener planet to raise climate awareness and act as an agent for positivity to amplify community 
messages through Voice for Good content across all platforms 
• Sustain and enhance our environmental initiatives to minimise our environmental footprint, including being  
carbon neutral by 2040 
• Execute Climate Roadmap to guide our businesses in decarbonising and reducing carbon emissions, targeting a 
10% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions by FY26 (from FY20 baseline)
• Emphasise responsible and mindful resource consumption, including electricity and water use across our  
office premises
• Drive community initiatives with a focus on equal access to education and social well-being, including Astro Hostels 
and Astro Kem Badminton
• Pursue new opportunities to inspire and support our community
• Continue our scholarship programme, providing tertiary education opportunities for B40 students
• Encourage staff volunteerism and participation in community efforts, including providing emergency aid and 
manpower to communities and families affected by disasters 
For more on our Sustainability initiatives, refer to the Sustainability section on pages 50 to 85
For details on our ESG targets and performance, refer to the Performance Scorecard and Performance Data Table on page 62, and pages 84 to 85, 
respectively
Cost Management
We continue to optimise our cost base to strengthen margins and effectively allocate resources towards strategic 
opportunities. In FY24, we conducted a VSS programme, shuttered the Go Shop commerce business, and re-platformed 
the entirety of our core customer systems, to drive further operational efficiencies and organisational right-sizing.  
We continue to invest in digitalisation, simplification and process automation initiatives while exploring outsourcing 
opportunities. 
Moving forward:
• Reset legacy cost base to reflect the current realities of the Pay-TV industry 
• Encourage adoption of flexible, asset-light business model
• Re-engineer processes and systems to deliver a step change in unit cost
• Streamline operations and simplify organisational structure by deploying technology and digital to promote greater 
business agility and improve operational efficiencies 
• Expand successful projects already delivered in automation and machine learning and pursue further digitisation 
opportunities 
• Undertake detailed assessments of project portfolios across all business units to prioritise financial and human 
capital investments 
• Conduct robust business case evaluations on all key opportunities to ensure feasibility of strategic intent and 
project economics
For more on our Cost initiatives, refer to page 11 of the GCEO’s Statement

---- Page 34 ----
32
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Discover Amazing Content
with Amazing Products
CONTENT  |  PRODUCTS


---- Page 35 ----
33
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
2023 was a Year of No. 1s for Astro. All Stars Gegar Vaganza (GV10) captivated audiences and emerged as the No. 1 TV 
show in Malaysia. Our collaboration with Siti Rosmizah continued to bear fruit with Andai Itu Takdirnya claiming the title of the  
No. 1 drama of the year. Polis Evo 3 became Malaysia’s No. 1 film of the year with a RM54 million Gross Box Office (GBO), 
outperforming Hollywood juggernauts. Our Astro Original Project: High Council engaged our younger audience, becoming  
Astro’s No. 1 On Demand title of all time with 419,000 digital viewers and besting Game of Thrones.
Overall, TV viewership share remained strong at 71% and minutes streamed across On Demand, Astro GO and our integrated  
third-party apps increased by 11% in FY24. From TV to mobile devices, cinemas and on-ground events, we are committed to 
ensuring that the magic of Astro's entertainment is accessible whenever and wherever our audience desires.
Entertainment and signatures leading our content slate
Our core competitive advantage continues to be local and vernacular entertainment programmes, which underpin our 71% TV 
viewership share. 
Our decision to strengthen our signature Sunday shows proved overwhelmingly successful with GV10 amassing 8.3 million 
TV viewers and 194 million digital minutes streamed. Over on social media, it amassed 216 million reach across all platforms, 
while also emerging as the top entertainment programme on sooka with 352,000 streams. The highly anticipated grand finals 
of GV10 was held for the first time in Kuala Lumpur’s Axiata Arena with tickets worth RM1.2 million sold out, captivating an  
8,000-strong-crowd.
The Masked Singer Malaysia 3 was a hit with 30 million social media reach, while also garnering 4.7 million TV viewers and 
1.0 million digital streams. The Masked Singer Malaysia 4 premiered in December 2023 and became the first adaptation in Asia 
featuring a live studio audience. Meanwhile, Malaysia’s longest-running singing competition, Classic Golden Melody, pivoted this 
year to bring together talents of different generations by lowering the minimum entry age from 45 to 35. This strategy paid off, 
winning the hearts of young and old alike and garnering 1.3 million TV viewers.
Content
The grand finals of All Stars Gegar Vaganza captivated an 8,000-strong-crowd at Axiata Arena, selling out tickets worth RM1.2 million
Astro is positioned as Malaysia's ultimate choice for quality local entertainment, in a market where 
local content dominates viewing share. We create and produce shows that resonate with our 
diverse Malaysian audience, reflecting the richness of our culture and history and the vibrancy of 
our local talent pool. By concurrently aggregating the best in global and regional entertainment, 
we seamlessly blend international excellence with our local flair, offering an unparalleled viewing 
experience that caters to the dynamic tastes of our audience. In this digital age, content is not 
confined to a single screen – we adapt and innovate, serving content through multiple platforms 
to meet the diverse and individualised needs of viewers.


---- Page 36 ----
34
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
MeleTOP, Malaysia’s No. 1 talk show with 8.0 million social 
media followers, became the first entertainment talk show 
to embrace XR technology in Malaysia. MeleTOP garnered 
6.7 million TV viewers and 100,000 digital viewers in FY24 
and repeatedly trended across both TikTok and YouTube. 
Our new Tamil talk show, Panas Talk, quickly emerged as 
a cult favourite with its sensational approach of exploring 
the personal lives of celebrities and famous influencers,  
allowing the audience to get up close and personal via 
an interactive Q&A session known for its tough and direct 
questions. 
New adaptations and winning formats
Our localisation strategy continues to be successful with 
the adaptation of the popular US game show, Family Feud.  
The Malaysian format kicked off with the Malay language 
version, garnering 4.0 million TV viewers. The show branched 
off with the Tamil and English versions debuting strongly 
thereafter, while the Chinese language version premiered 
over the 2024 Chinese New Year season.
Building on the popularity of Korean formats, Astro  
partnered with the Department of Fire and Rescue Malaysia 
to create Real Men Malaysia: Wira Merah, a compelling 
reality show that saw local celebrities take on the challenge 
of becoming firefighters. Audiences were treated to a 
snapshot of the gruelling training, lifestyle and sacrifice of 
our Bomba. The show gained significant attention, including 
the viral sensation “Kakak Bomba” when its cast, including 
Hawa Rizwana, participated in the 2023 National Day  
Parade alongside the contingent of Malaysian firefighters.
Astro remains the go-to destination for comedy with crowd 
favourite Sepahtu Reunion Live maintaining its position as 
the darling of Malaysian comedy. Its popularity extended to 
the Sepahtu Reunion Live Tour, with ticket prices at RM250, 
and attracting 7,100 audience members to sold-out shows 
in Johor. We continue our streak of successful comedy 
IPs with Mega Spontan, a comedy game show featuring  
improv-based challenges, and the latest Gelak 90 Saat.
Leveraging our expertise in entertainment production, the 
Premier League entrusted us to create an original IP to  
engage a new generation of football enthusiasts with the 
show From KL to PL. We combined celebrity Nabil Ahmad,  
the No. 1 host in Malaysia, with football legends such as 
David James, James Ward-Prowse and Michael Owen to 
drive engagement for the Premier League.
No. 1 In drama
Our partnership with the Malaysian Shonda Rhimes, Siti 
Rosmizah, proved successful once again with Andai Itu 
Takdirnya emerging as the No. 1 drama in Malaysia in 2023. 
The series garnered an impressive 7.0 million TV viewers 
and 334 million digital minutes streamed. Layang-Layang 
Perkahwinan was our next big hit, garnering 4.5 million TV 
viewers and 125 million digital minutes streamed across On 
Demand and Astro GO. Syurga Itu Bukan Mudah, featuring 
fan favourites Amir Ahnaf and Anna Jobling, captivated 
4.8 million TV viewers and led to 63 million digital minutes 
streamed. My Famous Ex-Boyfriend leveraged our talent, 
music and drama capabilities to create a winning show and 
a No. 1 album featuring Rocketfuel artiste Hael Husaini,  
wooing 140,000 digital viewers and 5.0 million TV viewers.
Content
We went on to release many other hit dramas, including 
Isteri Halal and Hijrah Jannah, with 5.2 million and  
3.3 million TV viewers, respectively. Chinta Wrong Direction 
gained a strong following with 4.4 million TV viewers, while 
stream-worthy titles such as our sleeper hit Budak Hostel 
Otaknya Sewel and One Million Dollar Voice garnered a 
combined 58 million digital minutes streamed. Special festive 
drama Imam Instant Ustazah Scammer recorded 1.3 million 
digital streams and 4.2 million TV viewers.
Astro’s local Tamil originals became the main driver for 
audience engagement among our Indian audience, with 
Pasanga reaching 1.0 million TV viewers and 56 million  
digital minutes streamed. Our unique zombie romance 
fantasy, Zombie Kadhali, successfully garnered 732,000  
TV viewers.
In terms of Islamic focused shows, the iconic series Tanah 
Kubur was brought back for its 16 th season after a seven-
year hiatus due to strong audience demand and garnered 
3.8 million TV viewers. Meanwhile, Geng Ngaji from Astro 
Oasis remained a favourite as it returned for its fourth season 
during the Ramadan period. Engaging with our viewers via a 
360° approach, Geng Ngaji received 23,000 call-ins from all 
around the globe, including Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, 
Saudi Arabia and the United Kingdom. On Gempak’s 
YouTube page, Geng Ngaji was simulcast live daily, gaining 
a total of 3.1 million minutes watched on YouTube over the 
30 days of Ramadan. On-ground, we collaborated with the 
Warisan Ummah Ikhlas Foundation to broadcast World 
#QuranHour 2023, a campaign dedicated to encouraging  
the understanding and application of the Quran.
My Famous Ex-Boyfriend synergised our drama and music capabilities, 
with Rocketfuel talent Hael Husaini in the titular role

---- Page 37 ----
35
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Content
Travelawak: Projek Bapak-Bapak became a huge hit among fans
Travel shows gaining popularity
Capitalising on post-COVID-19 travel relaxations, our 
newest travel comedy show, Travelawak: Projek Bapak-
Bapak gained immense popularity, with Season 1 amassing 
2.4 million TV viewers and 48 million digital minutes 
streamed, and Season 2 securing sponsorships from Tourism  
Australia and Klook. Its unique focus on the heartwarming 
friendship between popular veteran artistes throughout 
their trip to Japan and infused with the cast’s humorous 
wit, led to its huge following on social media, generating  
30 million views from user-generated content on TikTok. 
Meanwhile, SHARP Travel with Mommy highlighted the 
strong bond between Malaysia’s two biggest Chinese 
hosts, Jason Yeoh and Jack Lim, as they discovered new  
destinations with their mothers. This series proved to be a  
fan favourite, reaching almost 900,000 TV viewers.
Driving innovation among Malaysians
Given SMEs constitute 97% of the nation’s businesses and 
contribute to 38% of Malaysia’s GDP. Astro also produced 
shows on innovation and entrepreneurship. Innovathon, 
a novel science, technology and innovation show, was 
developed with the full support of the Ministry of Economy 
and the Ministry of Science and Information. Hosted 
by Awal Ashaari and Datin Lisa Surihani, Innovathon 
provided a glimpse into the future of Malaysian innovation.  
6.3 million TV viewers witnessed Prof. Dr. Zainiharyati being 
crowned champion for her game-changing DNA sensor that 
is capable of detecting viruses and cancer.
In collaboration with Mystartr, Malaysia's fastest-growing 
equity crowdfunding platform, Astro produced The Sandbox, 
Malaysia’s first crowdfunding reality show which garnered  
1.1 million TV viewers. This show served as a platform 
for aspiring businesspersons to pitch ideas to eminent 
entrepreneurs, including KC Hoe of CUCKOO, Bryan Loo of 
Tealive, PK Cheng of Khind and Eric Cheng of Carsome.
Celebrating unity
We joined forces with the Ministry of Youth and Sports to 
produce Battleground Malaysia: Road To Gold, Malaysia’s 
biggest street dance talent reality show, as breakdancing 
was announced as a new sport for the Paris 2024 Olympic 
Games. Contestants from diverse backgrounds competed 
for the chance to be crowned as Malaysia’s top street 
dance crew and dancer, attracting 5.3 million TV viewers 
and generating 5.3 million digital minutes streamed across 
all audience groups. The gripping grand finals at Putrajaya 
International Convention Centre attracted a youth-dominant, 
multiracial audience of 1,800, and saw 17-year-old Kayllash 
Thiagarajan clinch the title of Best Individual Dancer.
Astro’s newest reality competition, The Chosen One, was not 
only the No. 1 programme on Astro Ceria and the No. 1 kids 
show on sooka, but also Malaysia’s No. 1 new unscripted 
IP of 2023, receiving recognition by the Deputy Minister 
of Education. The show’s reality format aims to unearth 
talents below the age of 18, pairing them with well-known  
performers to develop the next generation of young stars. 
Amir Sisi, a 12-year-old Orang Asli boy from the Temiar 
ethnic group, emerged as the champion and went viral in 
both Malaysia and Indonesia, garnering 235 million views 
on TikTok and becoming a cultural icon for Orang Asli 
representation. The show reached 3.5 million TV viewers  
with 16 million digital minutes streamed. Scenes of Amir’s 
village in the Royal Belum rainforest were juxtaposed with 
Astro’s RimbaKita campaign call to action to champion 
rainforest conservation.

---- Page 38 ----
36
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Content
Astro Originals continue to captivate Malaysian audiences
Astro Originals leading in the premium space
Astro Originals continue to win over diverse Malaysian 
audiences and make their mark in the local premium series 
space with an impressive line-up of diverse genres and 
captivating stories. Inspired by a true story of bullying in 
a boarding school that once shook the nation, Project: 
High Council (PHC) emerged as the most-watched series 
of all time on Astro GO and On Demand, outperforming 
all Hollywood and regional series on our platform. The 
title emerged as a new cultural phenomenon, with highly 
engaged netizens generating over 1 billion views on TikTok 
and a social media reach of 97 million. The IP’s popularity 
extended beyond the screen – KLCC’s footfall increased 
by 20% during a meet and greet event, with a wave of  
superfans who showed up in support of the cast. Leveraging 
on the PHC phenomenon, key scenes from the show were 
adapted into a commercial which resulted in the client’s 
products being sold out in two weeks.
Adapted from a BAFTA-nominated British thriller series, 
Liar captured 46 million digital minutes streamed with its 
gripping storyline highlighting the gender bias afflicting 
victims of sexual assault. Liar was the first-ever locally 
adapted Astro Original and bagged the Best Adaptation of 
an Existing Format Award at the Asia Academy Creative 
Awards 2023, while sparking conversation on sexual 
harassment with 5.0 million social media reach. The rise in 
cases of sexual grooming is reflected in the Astro Original, 
Riot!, which received positive feedback and gained a 
1.9 million social media reach. Never failing to innovate,  
Astro Originals also embarked on a journey into comedy  
with Jack Yusof, marking legendary Datuk Rosyam Nor’s 
return to the small screen after more than a decade.
Meanwhile, in collaboration with Moonton Games, we tapped 
into the “gamer” audience to release Gamers Mangkuk. The 
show depicted the journey of amateur players intending to 
make their mark in the professional scene of Mobile Legends: 
Bang Bang (MLBB) and utilised storytelling elements that 
appealed beyond the Gen Zs, amassing a 5.4 million social 
media reach.
We also produce compelling Chinese-language Astro 
Originals. In October 2023, The Queen’s Ploy emerged as 
the No. 1 Chinese title on Astro for the month, surpassing 
offerings from Hong Kong, China and Taiwan. To engage the 
audience through captivating storytelling, we collaborated 
with on- and off-screen talents such as Chan Yoke Yeng 
(writer of The Journey) and Keoh Chee Ang (producer 
of Paskal and Air Force). Once Upon A Kopitiam, a  
heartwarming multi-generational story revolving around 
a local coffee shop (kopitiam), also performed well across 
screens with 5.0 million digital minutes streamed and 
garnering 1.0 million TV viewers. 
Thought-provoking series that address current social issues 
such as The Patient (discrimination against HIV patients) 
and The Queen’s Ploy (scams and fraud) proved to be hits, 
garnering a total of 95,000 digital viewers while creating 
waves on social media. The lead actress for The Patient,  
Emily Chan, was nominated for the 2023 Asia Content 
Awards and Global OTT Awards in Busan for Best Lead 
Actress alongside South Korea’s Song Hye Kyo of The Glory 
on Netflix.

---- Page 39 ----
37
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
No. 1 on the silver screen 
Astro Shaw continues to lead as the No. 1 local film producer 
with a 70% share of local box office and two of our movies 
leading the Top 3 Films of 2023. Our highly anticipated 
action film, Polis Evo 3 (PE3), emerged as the No. 1 film in 
Malaysia last year, grossing over RM54 million and beating 
Hollywood juggernauts Fast X and Transformers: Rise of the 
Beasts. Polis Evo is the most successful film franchise ever 
in Malaysia, generating over RM100 million to-date. The 
popularity of PE3 spawned a collaboration between Astro 
and PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds Mobile (PUBG Mobile) 
that encompassed a comprehensive integration of PE3  
within the PUBG Mobile gaming environment.
Content
Astro First continues to drive home cinema
Astro First, our pay-per-view platform, remains the ultimate 
home cinema, captivating audiences with an impressive 
line-up of the best local, international and Hollywood 
content, with a total collection of RM16 million in FY24. 
PE3 was a fan favourite, echoing the film’s triumph on the 
silver screen, and grossing over RM2.2 million on Astro 
First. We also brought the superhero animation blockbuster, 
Mechamato Movie, exclusively to Astro audiences right 
after its cinema run. Astro First continues to be a trusted 
avenue for producers to release their films. Syahmi Sazli,  
the multi-talented showrunner, premiered his latest film,  
Satu Hari Sebelum Raya, exclusively on Astro First.
Polis Evo is the most successful film franchise 
ever in Malaysia, generating over  
RM100 million to-date
We continue to work together with top players in the  
industry, collaborating with ACT 2 Pictures to present 
Malbatt: Misi Bakara. Directed by Adrian Teh, this film 
achieved stellar success with a RM34 million GBO. Based 
on a true story, the film depicts the sacrifices of unsung 
Malaysian military heroes who came to the rescue of 
trapped US soldiers during the Somali civil war in the 1990s. 
Through our partnership with Multimedia, we released 
War On Terror: KL Anarchy, an exhilarating action movie 
that starred Aedy Ashraf and Daiyan Trisha, achieving a  
RM4.6 million GBO.
Meanwhile, our collaboration with Warnakala Studios 
brought the No. 1 local preschool IP to the silver screen via 
Didi & Friends The Movie, generating over RM8.2 million.  
In addition, we released Rahsia, which was adapted from 
the 1987 classic, and became the highest-grossing horror 
film in 2023, as well as Gemencheh Boys, a touching film 
based on the true story of how cricket positively shaped the 
lives of six youngsters from a FELDA development. We also  
collaborated with renowned director Chiu Keng Guan 
to touch the hearts of families during the 2023 Chinese 
New Year season with Ma, I Love You, a heartwarming  
mother-daughter drama.
Polis Evo, Malaysia’s most successful film franchise, was developed by 
talents from our Astro scholarship programme

---- Page 40 ----
38
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Content
Astro provided live coverage of key Malaysian matches in 
international competitions, including Pestabola Merdeka 
2023 and the 2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers. The former 
attracted 3.3 million TV viewers. The Asian Games 2022 
(held in 2023), SEA Games 2023 and AFC Asian Cup 
2024 solidified our position as the most comprehensive  
aggregator of events featuring Malaysia’s finest athletes.
To celebrate the achievements of our local athletes, Astro 
unveiled two captivating docuseries titled Little Legends 
and Sepuluh that delve into the remarkable journeys of 
esteemed Malaysian athletes Datuk Nicol David and Safee 
Sali, respectively. Furthermore, our Astro Badminton Cup 
2023 engaged grassroots athletes, providing participants 
the chance to win cash prizes, compete against national  
shuttlers and meet distinguished Rio 2016 Olympics silver 
medallist Goh Liu Ying. 
Curating the best international content
Astro’s content integration and aggregation underscore 
our commitment to deliver a diverse and engaging  
entertainment experience. Astro’s collaborations with global 
and regional OTT platforms, including HBO Go, Netflix, 
BBC Player, Disney+ Hotstar, beIN SPORTS CONNECT, 
TVBAnywhere+, iQIYI, Viu and Zee5, solidify our status 
as the ultimate destination for entertainment. The wide 
array of content from these strategic partners contribute 
to an extensive library of binge-worthy and captivating 
entertainment.
In FY24, we welcomed Viu, WeTV and Qalbox to Astro’s  
family of integrated apps available on our U-Boxes. Viu 
houses some of the most popular Korean and Southeast 
Asian original dramas. WeTV offers Tencent dramas along 
with exclusive Indonesian content, while our partnership with 
Muslim Pro unlocked Qalbox to provide an array of global 
Muslim content and entertainment.
Home of Sports
Astro is proud to be Malaysia’s Home of Sports. Our coverage 
of the Premier League garnered an impressive 6.3 million 
TV viewers, while the BWF World Tour, featuring Malaysian 
athletes, continues to be popular among all audience 
segments. 
We are proud to champion Liga Malaysia across  
competitions such as Liga Super, Piala FA, Piala Malaysia 
and MFL Challenge, featuring 700 football matches 
over three seasons to 2025/26 and complemented by  
behind-the-scenes press conferences and other ancillary 
content. Liga Malaysia competitions have been successful 
in terms of attracting viewers, with 8.6 million TV viewers 
for Liga Super and Piala Malaysia 2023, and 2.6 million 
TV viewers watching the Piala Malaysia final. The positive 
impact of Astro’s coverage of Liga Malaysia is reflected by 
match attendance at stadiums which jumped by more than 
50% during the 2023 season.
Meanwhile, the STL and NSL experienced steady growth, 
with the STL seeing an increase in TV viewers and 
greater fan support for both leagues as local ticket sales 
strengthened in 2023. We also licensed STL and NSL 
to over 20 countries, including Indonesia and Russia,  
underscoring the growing relevance and global appeal of 
these sports.
Astro is proud to champion local sports
With our extensive portfolio of 13 integrated 
apps, we now provide the best of Korean, 
Hollywood, sports, kids, Islamic and regional 
content to complement our best-in-class local 
vernacular content


---- Page 41 ----
39
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Extending our reach beyond a preschool 
audience, we now develop original IPs that 
cater to pre-teens while celebrating our 
diverse Malaysian culture
Our two new original local live-action IPs proved successful 
with our pre-teen audience. Superhero series Super Wira 
amassed over 2.3 million TV viewers and 7.7 million digital 
minutes streamed, while high school series The Cadets went 
viral with 20 million digital views before launch.
Content
From Hollywood, HBO GO’s The Last of Us emerged as a 
top-performing title. We transformed the Astro Experience 
Store in IOI City Mall into a zombie-infested setting for an 
immersive fan experience. HBO GO’s Fast Premiere Movies 
delighted our customers throughout the year, with Meg 2: 
The Trench leading as the most-streamed title. MasterChef 
franchises on the Lifetime channel, including MasterChef 
Australia S15 and MasterChef USA S13, maintained their 
popularity. Astro also captured Tan Sri Michelle Yeoh’s  
historic Oscar win by carrying the 95th OSCARS®.
Astro continues to offer the best of Korean reality shows 
including Running Man, with the episode featuring BTS 
member V as the most-watched to date. Korean drama 
series such as Reborn Rich and Kokdu: Season of Deity 
emerged as favourites while high school-themed dramas 
such as Cheongdam International High School and Duty  
after School also captured the audience’s attention, 
strengthening our Korean offering. 
Astro solidified its Chinese proposition via exclusive 
partnerships with Mango TV and Hunan TV, making  
available signature shows including The Wonderful Life, 
Divas Hit The Road S5 and Hi! Saturday. Notably, TVB's The 
Invisibles and Narcotics Heroes became the most-watched 
Chinese On Demand titles, amassing 56 million and 36 million 
digital minutes streamed, respectively.
Our longstanding partnerships with Star Vijay and SunTV 
resulted in a steady flow of top-tier Indian TV shows and 
movies for Astro viewers. Star Vijay’s hit shows, including 
Cooku with Comali S4, Super Singer Junior 9 and the 
latest season of Bigg Boss Tamil S7, proved popular with 
viewers, as did SunTV’s blockbuster films featuring A-listers 
Rajinikanth and Vijay such as Jailer, Varisu, Annaatthe  
and Beast.
Engaging our next generation
Astro’s key differentiator is storytelling with positive Asian 
values to meet the needs of families with young children, 
generating strong interest both in Malaysia and within the 
region. 
Korean series, Reborn Rich emerged as a fan favourite
Our top preschool IP, Didi & Friends, returned with a new 
season, Didi & Friends Kembara Muzikal, taking preschoolers 
on an adventure across Asia via the most popular nursery 
rhymes. This show garnered more than 1.1 billion YouTube 
views in 2023 and 10 million digital subscribers across 
Indonesia, Brunei, Singapore and Thailand. Didi & Friends 
also secured new partnerships with the Ministry of Health 
and the Ministry of Domestic Trade to promote a wide range  
of consumer products nationwide. The global hit Islamic kids 
IP, Omar and Hana garnered 930 million YouTube views 
in 2023 from 11 million digital subscribers. Both IPs were 
announced as top IPs for Malaysian preschoolers at the  
Asian TV Forum, eclipsing international preschool IPs. 
We extended our animated franchises to primary school-
goers, launching Super Nabil and Makania this year. Super 
Nabil is Malaysia’s first celebrity animated series, created 
by Malaysia’s leading host Nabil Ahmad and based on his 
nostalgic village childhood stories. It achieved 2.2 million TV 
viewers with 9.7 million digital minutes streamed. Makania, 
a brand-new action-adventure series for food lovers, 
achieved 8.5 million digital minutes streamed with 1.3 million  
TV viewers. 
In celebration of Malaysian culture, we launched new 
folktale IPs and franchises such as Legenda Puteri Qaseh, 
which emerged as the National Winner for Best Children’s 
Programme at the Asian Academy Creative Awards 2023, 
and Hikayat, dedicated to preserving folk stories and fairy 
tales for the future generation, which garnered 1.2 million  
TV viewers with 3.9 million digital minutes streamed.
Super Wira marked our foray into live-action IPs to capture the pre-teen 
segment

---- Page 42 ----
40
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Growing connectivity through On Demand content 
With access to over 97,000 videos, our On Demand library offers Astro customers a plethora of content that can be accessed 
anytime, anywhere and on-the-go. We grew STB engagement by 18% in FY24 with 540,000 active users and over 15.8 billion 
minutes consumed. With children’s content capturing a 40% share of On Demand viewing in FY24, we launched our Kids Friendly 
Profile function to ensure a safe environment for families, where only age-appropriate content is accessible. Our extensive On 
Demand content, from Hollywood to local, regional and sports programmes, is easily discoverable through our well-thought-out 
curations, focusing on festive periods, special events, celebrity top picks and popular genres.
Bringing unrivalled breaking news to Malaysians
Astro Awani remains as the No.1 most followed news brand on social media, with 15.2 million followers and was once again 
named as the most trusted news brand for the sixth consecutive year based on Reuters Digital News Report 2023.
Our coverage of the six-state election in August 2023 attracted a unique audience of 3.0 million on polling day – representing 
over half of the audience attained during the nationwide 2022 General Election. We were recognised for Best Audience  
Engagement, winning two awards at the Digital Media Awards 2023 – Gold for #SuaraMalaysia and Silver for #MalaysiaMemilih.
Through Jiwa SME, AWANI continues to empower local businesses by providing comprehensive support and resources.  
Our efforts extend beyond the digital realm to impactful on-ground initiatives, such as the Jelajah Jiwa SME campaign that  
reached an impressive 60,000 visitors across five states, fostering knowledge-building and networking opportunities for 2,000  
SME participants and 187 exhibitors.
In the Chinese news space, Prime Talk and Evening Edition continue to be the No. 1 destination for Chinese viewers, with more than 
2.0 million TV viewers kept up-to-date through their extensive news coverage. 
Content
Championing ESG through content
Using our Voice for Good to raise awareness on climate 
and social issues, in FY24 we collaborated with our  
content partners and organisations such as the WWF-
Malaysia to curate and create content across our 
platforms to amplify the urgency of environmental and 
social consciousness.
Under our RimbaKita climate advocacy initiative, we 
dedicated the RimbaKita On Demand rail to showcase 
environment-centric documentaries and partnered BBC 
Earth, Love Nature and Discovery to highlight shows 
that spread awareness on issues such as saving our 
forests, climate change and protecting our wildlife 
and oceans. Astro Awani also launched Awani Green 
Action, a segment integrated into all Awani IPs that 
emphasises our commitment to ESG principles and the  
United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
We also created IPs that championed social causes 
such as Against All Odds, a docuseries celebrating a  
community of individuals with special needs, recording 
700,000 TV viewers. 
Awani Green Action segment is woven into Awani shows

---- Page 43 ----
41
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Products
Pay-TV: Positive traction on New Astro proposition 
We are committed to prioritising our customers, ensuring  
their needs are met by delivering world-class content in an 
intuitive and convenient way. Astro, our Pay-TV brand offers 
the best of local and global content, live sports and integrated 
streaming services for a seamless viewing experience  
through multiple screens including TV and mobile. Customers 
can now launch 13 streaming services directly from our 
U-Boxes, including Netflix, Disney+ Hotstar and iQIYI as 
well as newly added apps Viu, ZEE5, WeTV and Qalbox by  
Muslim Pro.
In a bid to continuously serve Malaysians with exciting 
content, in FY24 we delivered acclaimed Astro Original series 
Project: High Council, Malay drama Andai Itu Takdirnya 
and Tamil drama Pasanga, Malaysia’s No. 1 show for 2023  
All Star Gegar Vaganza, and adaptations of the popular 
international IP, Family Feud, in four languages. As the Home 
of Sports that brings the best live sporting events, we brought 
Malaysians an elevated experience and comprehensive 
coverage of Liga Malaysia alongside exclusive broadcast 
VIDEO
of all 380 live matches of perennial favourite, the Premier 
League. For the little ones at home, Didi & friends continues to 
be the favourite musical edutainment cartoon for Malaysian 
preschoolers.
For more on our rich content selection, refer to the Content section on  
pages 33 to 40
Astro offers a wide selection of local and global content at affordable price 
points
Astro’s 
Product 
Suite
Enterprise
Homes
Individuals
Video
sooka
Radio
Content and 
connectivity
Advertising
Broadband
Digital brands
Production
Talent 
management
Streaming 
apps


---- Page 44 ----
42
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Products
Driving the connected Astro Experience to more Malaysian 
families
We highly encourage customers to switch to our U-Boxes 
for a modern viewing experience. By connecting these boxes 
to their home WiFi, customers enjoy a seamless experience 
combining linear viewing and On Demand streaming of 
their preferred shows, all in one place. Customers today 
also have the option to ‘Plug & Play’ i.e. self-install their 
couriered boxes and enjoy Astro’s services via internet 
streaming without the need for satellite dish installation. In 
FY24, we improved our customer and viewing experience by 
enhancing the ‘Pre-access’ customer journey, allowing new 
customers to enjoy instant access to their subscribed content 
on Astro GO before their box is couriered or installed. While 
total connected boxes moderated by 4% to 1.07 million in 
FY24, the ratio of connected boxes deployed among our 
Pay-TV households improved in FY24, indicating that more 
customers are now enjoying the connected experience which 
bodes well for engagement. This total includes a million of  
our flagship U-Boxes that are out in the market. 
While customers enjoy linear viewing especially watching 
live events, there is a growing trend towards on-demand 
viewing, allowing customers to watch their favourite shows 
when and where they want. Astro’s On Demand library  
offers an array of content ranging from complete TV series, 
movies, documentaries, kids, sports highlights, and catch-up 
shows totalling 97,000 videos. 
Content discovery is key for customers to maximise the 
consumption of their preferred shows. We refined our user 
interface for ease of discovery and navigation especially on 
series and drama content, coupled with a recently enhanced 
recommendation engine that provides more options of similar 
genre shows that a customer may like. Customers can now 
easily find popular titles from the streaming apps integrated 
within our home screen, including Netflix and Disney+ 
Hotstar, Viu, iQIYI, WeTV, and navigate directly to the content 
with deeplink enhancement. With the introduction of the safe 
mode to our Kids Friendly Profile function, parents can be rest 
assured that their kids are enjoying suitable personalised 
viewing content that is age appropriate with parental control. 
The combination of our strong On Demand library and 
efforts to simplify content discovery and navigation led to 
a growth of 18% in On Demand connected consumption to  
15.8 billion minutes streamed in FY24 with a total of  
793 million shows streamed. Meanwhile, 974,000 households 
are also using Astro GO, our Pay-TV companion app, to 
stream their favourite shows and live sports on their personal 
devices anytime, anywhere. Astro GO FY24 MAU peaked 
at 590,000 in March 2023 driven by our new Liga Malaysia 
offering, Premier League, BWF tournaments and our popular 
series Project: High Council and drama Andai Itu Takdirnya. 
Although Astro GO linked customers declined by 4% in 
FY24, the proportion of customers linked to Astro GO has  
improved, boding well for future engagement.
ARPU (RM)
99.70
98.20
97.20
FY24FY23FY22
1,075 1,1231,088
FY24FY23FY22
Total connected boxes (‘000)
32%
20%
4%
FY24FY23FY22
We continue to see positive traction in FY24 with 32% of 
our customer base on our new TV packs, representing an 
increase of 12 percentage points. This is driven by existing 
customers migrating to our new packs and new ones 
signing up to our latest bundles that offer total flexibility, 
enabling customers from all walks of life to enjoy Astro’s 
premium content. With these new packs, customers enjoy 
even better value and the convenience of single billing 
with their bundles. In FY24 we also extended popular 
content add-on options to all customers, offering improved 
flexibility and choice to our entire base. A growing number of  
households are subscribing to our Astro Fibre bundles that 
combine both broadband access and TV packs to enjoy 
greater savings. 
Pay-TV ARPU grew RM1.50 to RM99.70 in FY24 as we 
benefitted from a rise in broadband bundling and demand 
for our new TV packs, despite the challenging operating 
environment. 
Share of customer base who are on our new TV packs

---- Page 45 ----
43
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Products
We are focused on increasing our streaming base i.e 
customers who stream Astro content via at least one device, 
be this their set-top box, smart TV app or Astro GO. The 
ability to enjoy their favourite content anytime and anywhere 
gives customers the best value for money and has been 
shown to have a positive impact on customer retention. 
Efforts in FY24 were centred around continuous promotion 
of the latest content releases and awareness to binge watch  
On Demand. This led to the overall streaming base growing 
by four percentage points to 47% of our total customer base. 
Delivering an immersive experience beyond TV screens 
My Astro app, which serves as our primary customer self-
serve hub for bill viewing, payment and package upgrades, 
also offers access to our loyalty programme, Astro Rewards, 
for all Astro customers. In addition to exclusive deals and 
offers from our partners across travel and hotels, food and 
beverages, and shopping, Astro Rewards offers money-can’t-
buy exclusive live experiences for customers to watch our 
Astro signature shows and attend our sports viewing parties. 
We host frequent meet-and-greet sessions nationwide, 
giving Astro customers of all ages the opportunity to engage 
with their favourite artistes and celebrities. Key events in FY24 
include the meet-and-greets with Project: High Council and 
Didi & Friends casts, VIP access to Cha Eun Woo Fancon for 
K-pop aficionados, on-ground events for MFL, the Padma 
Shree Hariharan concert and the GV10 grand finals concert.
Frequent meet-and-greet sessions were held nationwide including one 
with Lee Seung Gi
Astro GO Linked Customers (‘000)
FY24FY23FY22
9741,0171,025
Astro GO MAU (‘000)
FY24FY23FY22
538550526
FY24FY23FY22
Astro GO average weekly viewing minutes
202208
244
FY22
530
FY24
793
FY23
660
On Demand shows streamed (m)
Alongside our Korean partners ONE and KBS, Astro hosted 
various major on-ground events and contests exclusively for 
Astro customers. ONE HD organised an exclusive ONEderful 
day fan meet session with Lee Seung Gi and a watch and  
win contest in conjunction with Running Man’s 13 th 
Anniversary. Meanwhile, KBS partnered with Astro and 
Korean Tourism Board to organise the Korea Travel Fest, 
featuring a K-Drama original soundtrack concert and actor 
Kim Jae-Joong fan meet-and-greet. 
An increase in experiential-led rewards centred around  
Astro’s entertainment and content has proven to drive 
engagement, connecting customers to content beyond their 
screens and grow consumer advocacy within our existing 
base. Astro Rewards saw engagement and redemptions 
more than double in FY24, driven by large scale on-ground 
content and marketing initiatives.

---- Page 46 ----
44
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Products
Utilising technology for easier self-serve
My Astro app was enhanced to provide customers with 
a clear and consolidated single view of their subscription 
account and entitlements that is user-friendly and convenient. 
Some of the benefits to customers include prompt payment 
reminders and notifications, visibility on subscription details, 
and switch to auto-debit or update card details easily.  
Astro customers who register for auto-debit have the chance 
to win amazing prices and enjoy exclusive offers. This has 
raised our auto-debit signup rate, improving payment rates 
for Astro while ensuring that customers need not worry 
about missing a payment deadline. In FY24, we integrated 
the My Astro app onto our U-Boxes, providing users with the 
convenience of accessing My Astro via mobile, web or TV. 
Across both web and app platforms, we are leveraging 
algorithms and machine learning to dynamically adapt 
to user preferences, creating a tailored journey that 
enhances engagement. By meticulously analysing user 
behaviour, from browsing patterns to interaction history, 
our AI system predicts and presents content, products, and  
recommendations that align with the user’s interests and 
needs. We also seek to further engage our customers via 
the Astro ecosystem, such as by providing customers with a 
taste of their entitlements with a series of onboarding emails, 
encouraging Astro ID adoption amongst greenfield and 
brownfield customers, and creating personalised assistance 
features across our platforms. 
We recently revamped our Help & Support page extensively 
by integrating predictive search function and streamlining 
processes to deliver swift assistance and ensure effective 
resolution of customer queries. The redesigned interface 
prioritises user-friendly navigation, offering a seamless 
experience for customers seeking support with a refined 
knowledge base that empowers users to find solutions 
independently.
We have also improved our backend, empowering customers 
to self-serve via interactive voice response (IVR) and 
chatbot for enquiries. In addition, the co-browser function 
for complex issues enables customers to share their screen 
for joint navigation with our customer support, providing 
customers with live assistance for timely issue resolution. 
This has significantly improved self-service utilisation rates 
and allows us to collect and analyse customer feedback on  
a real-time basis, thus allowing Astro to promptly take 
actionable business decisions.
sooka: Bringing streaming to the next level
As the sole streaming app connecting Malaysians with a 
comprehensive blend of sports and diverse local and Asian 
content, sooka offers a seamless and hassle-free viewing 
experience on any device, anywhere across Malaysia. 
The focus in FY24 has been on making sooka more  
accessible via a flexible pricing structure catering to 
different wallet sizes, an expanded content library, interface 
enhancements to cater to sports fans, and enhanced device 
compatibility. These efforts have resulted in average MAU 
increasing by 23% to 1.0 million and paying base increasing 
by 86%.
Recognising the needs of our price-conscious audience, 
in December 2023, we introduced a new 24-hour (daily) 
pass starting at an affordable RM12.90. This pass paves 
the way for broader content accessibility to all top-tier 
sports, including the Premier League, MFL, UCL, NBA and 
BWF and encourages sampling for premium local content. 
Meanwhile, we have enriched the value proposition for  
paying customers by increasing mobile resolutions (up to 
1080p) and concurrencies (up to three devices, including 
one TV) and offering distinct package options at competitive 
prices to differentiate from the free viewing proposition and 
drive upsell to higher-tiered packs.
sooka offers a seamless streaming experience on any device
sooka is now readily available on all major 
smart TV brands, optimising the viewing 
experience for sports fans

---- Page 47 ----
45
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
On top of the latest local hit dramas and signature live 
shows, we broadened our content scope to incorporate 
kids programming and a more comprehensive array of 
Asian content. We also diversified sooka’s content portfolio 
by integrating five Astro-owned FAST channels and 10 
other FAST channels in partnership with Amagi. These 
FAST channels are the first of their kind in Southeast Asia, 
presenting an array of evergreen dramas, comedies, 
and lifestyle shows to users on a complimentary basis, 
enriching our content appeal. Our commitment to local 
sports is also evident as we provided free access to the 
Asian Games, NSL and selected MFL games, fostering  
support for Malaysian athletes. 
As the only standalone app in Malaysia offering a full 
range of premium sports, including football, badminton, 
motorsports, basketball and more, sooka focuses on 
optimising the viewing experience for sports fans. The 
interface for the sports landing page has been upgraded 
to include a dedicated sports menu highlighting the week's 
top matches across various sports. Our innovative 'sports 
bubble’ feature simplifies navigation, enabling users to 
find live sports events, replays, and highlights effortlessly.  
We have also integrated a holistic 'total sports’ approach 
across all marketing channels to appeal to fans of various 
sports beyond just football.
Products
sooka features a comprehensive blend of sports, local, kids and Asian 
content
To enhance accessibility, sooka is now readily available on 
all major smart TV brands, including more affordable smart 
TVs from TCL, Panasonic, Philips, XiaoMi TV / stick, Hisense,  
Google TV, and Prism+. Adding exclusive events like the 
Rugby World Cup helped boost big-screen viewership, 
building on traction from popular IPs including the MFL and 
Premier League. These enhancements underscore sooka’s 
commitment to deliver a superior streaming experience 
tailored to the diverse preferences of Malaysian audiences.
sooka's growth is being driven by a strategic focus on 
connecting with consumers through digital channels, 
enhancing visibility and awareness at prominent Malaysian 
sports events and community markets. Furthermore, 
cultivating a strong social following through exclusive 
livestreams and behind-the-scenes snippets has deepened 
the fan connection with sooka. Overall, these efforts have led 
to a jump in the FY24 registered users by 81% to 1.7 million, 
alongside enhanced user engagement as time spent per  
user grew 61% in FY24. 
sooka registered users (million)
FY24FY23FY22
1.7
0.9
0.3
NJOI: My NJOI app drives prepaid buys
NJOI Prepaid is a contract-free DTH prepaid service with 
free access to 18 TV and 26 radio channels. There are 
also over 50 prepaid packs and channels for customers to 
purchase, starting from RM15 for 30 days of viewing. NJOI 
Prepaid provides something for everyone across local and 
international, sports, kids and news content, including Astro’s 
signature shows. 
Our focus in FY24 was on simplifying our packs and making 
NJOI Prepaid more accessible to new and lapsed customers. 
Customers with a readily installed ODU can opt to cash 
and carry an NJOI box at a discounted price of RM239 and 
enjoy a one-month Family Pack preview. This also caters to 
customers intending to replace their out-of-warranty NJOI 
boxes. We also recently rolled out special deals targeted at 
lapsed Astro subscribers.
We are streamlining packs and channels to simplify 
customers’ purchasing decisions to increase buys. This 
consolidation includes the launch of the Family Pack in 
November 2023, offering 43 channels spanning general 
entertainment, movies and sports at only RM29.90 for 
30 days. Riding on its strong product proposition at an 
affordable price point, Family Pack has resonated well with 
the market and contributed a 40% share of the total NJOI  
Prepaid buys in FY24.
In terms of content, five new Astro-owned FAST channels 
premiered in November 2023 to deliver better customer value. 
Through these channels, we promote the content on our top-
selling NJOI Prepaid packs (Family, Kids and Movies Packs) to 
drive customers to purchase these via our My NJOI app.

---- Page 48 ----
46
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Products
Broadband competition in FY24 was intense, with ISPs 
competing to gain market share amid a soft consumer 
climate due to cost-of-living concerns. Our strong bundled 
proposition helped us navigate with a focus on upselling 
(bundling) high-speed broadband to our Pay-TV customers 
for as low as RM60 per month. Packages come with a WiFi-6 
router and our own Astro Fibre WiFi app, giving customers 
better control over their home broadband parameters and 
usage. Broadband complements our Pay-TV business, 
enabling customers to access the full functionality of our 
U-Boxes, including around 100,000 hours of On Demand  
videos. Besides strengthening ARPU, bundled customers 
generally display higher retention rates versus standalone 
Pay-TV customers.
In terms of brand building, our ‘Astro WiFi Kencang’ 
campaign has been key in driving brand awareness versus 
more established ISPs, underpinned by on-air promos on 
Astro platforms, out-of-home advertising as well as digital 
campaigns leveraging our online assets such as Awani. 
The potential for growth among Astro’s existing customers 
is promising as we focus on upselling opportunities around  
key demographics.
ENTERPRISE
Creating business value for enterprises
Enterprise revenue for our content and connectivity solutions 
grew by 12% in FY24 (FY23: +55%), supported by the post-
pandemic recovery of the retail and tourism sectors, including 
hotels. Our enterprise customer base is stable at 8,400  
(FY23: +16%), with ARPU growth of 5% in FY24 (FY23: +31%).
Enterprise revenue growth
Leveraging our strong content assets, particularly our 
comprehensive sports content including MFL, we help 
customers in the food & beverage (F&B) and hospitality 
segments drive higher footfall and business volumes. Our 
high-quality content in 4K UHD / HD format helps attract 
crowds and consumption in our customers’ establishments, 
contributing to the overall premium hospitality experience on 
their premises.
My NJOI app is the leading transacting platform for NJOI 
Prepaid customers today, with 120,000 MAU and 70% of 
overall NJOI Prepaid buys originating from the app. The  
strong traction of the app is due to its convenience and the 
exclusive special offers available therein, including cashback 
rewards and discounts benefitting loyal customers.
Amid the challenging economic climate and cost-of-living 
issues, NJOI Prepaid offers a sound proposition for Malaysian 
households who prefer a freemium TV service. Hence,  
the focus in FY25 is to strengthen our market visibility via our 
vast distribution network.
Astro Fibre is going ‘kencang’ all the way
BROADBAND
Bringing bundled broadband to more homes
Since its launch two years ago, our broadband offering Astro 
Fibre has sustained a robust growth trajectory, reflecting 
our commitment to providing customers a competitively 
priced, reliable and high-quality service with speeds of up 
to 800Mbps. We have steadily grown as an Internet Service 
Provider (ISP), with our broadband base jumping 21% in FY24.
Broadband base growth
FY24FY23FY22
21%
34%
58%
FY24FY23FY22
12%
55%
(25%)

---- Page 49 ----
47
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Products
Our new BizOne Commercial packs were launched in January 2024 to provide more value and content to enterprises. 
These customised packages feature access to up to 17 sports channels, a shorter contract period of 12 months and pricing 
adjustments based on the type of establishment and seating capacity. Higher-tier customers also benefit from Astro’s  
on-ground events, social media shoutouts and digital marketing initiatives.
Meanwhile, our AstroBiz Fibre bundled proposition has started to gain traction within target segments, focused on delivering a 
high-speed and stable WiFi internet experience for our F&B customers that is crucial for their business needs.
Our ongoing anti-piracy enforcement campaigns are gaining attention from business owners and helping to increase their 
awareness of the risks of using pirated content. We also extended our collaboration with the Royal Malaysia Police and key  
industry associations on initiatives to educate enterprises on the business risks associated with piracy. We are hopeful that 
heightened piracy awareness and the new BizOne Commercial packs will be accretive to acquisitions and ARPU going forward.
ADVERTISING
Astro Media Solutions helps clients maximise returns 
from their advertising investments across Astro’s media  
platforms. Astro’s advertising revenue moderated 9% to 
RM394 million in FY24 resulting from a weak consumer 
market and cost-push inflation negatively impacting 
advertising budgets. Moreover, certain brands that were 
affected by consumer boycotts due to the conflict in the 
Middle East reduced advertising spend. Our performance 
improved in the latter half of FY24 versus the first half, 
driven by our popular local signatures that premiered 
mostly in the second half, and the year-end festive 
season. Digital adex grew 12%, driven by our Addressable  
Advertising service and strong presence in the vernacular 
digital segment, where we engaged online communities 
across different demographics and interests. Advertising 
share across TV, radio and digital stood at 30%, 77% and 
2%, respectively (FY23: 34%, 73% and 2%), with an increase 
in radex share by 4 percentage points due to the jump in 
listenership. TV adex share dipped by a similar amount, 
primarily due to the lack of major sporting events in FY24.
Astro’s advertising share
34% 30%
2% 2%
73% 77%
TV adex Radex Digidex
FY23 FY24
A key milestone in FY24 was the launch of a pioneering 
unified audience measurement (UAM) tool in partnership  
with Kantar Media to aggregate audiences across TV 
and Addressable Advertising, with a future roadmap of 
extending this to total video measurement, including digital. 
As an audience-led company, Astro is committed to further 
enhancing the measurement and activation of audiences 
across all Astro platforms.
Read: Digital
Influence: Key opinion leaders (KOLs)Experience: On-ground and movies
Watch: TV & OTT
5.3m
households
1.6m MAU  
(Astro GO & sooka)
Listen: Radio
18.2m
weekly listeners
2.0mil
Digital MAUs
15.6m
monthly visitors
130m
fans
>40
KOLs
8,400  
commercial 
establishments
4.3m  
reach in  
F&B locations
Astro’s integrated ecosystem engages customers across all platforms

---- Page 50 ----
48
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Products
Addressable Advertising: Gaining traction across 
more industries
FY24 marks the second year of our Addressable Advertising 
service, with revenues tripling as awareness of this new 
product gained traction among advertisers. Addressable 
Advertising leverages first-party data and technology to 
offer advertisers digital-style targeting based on location, 
demographics, affluence, lifestyle and interest, with the 
ability to serve different ads to different households  
watching the same show. The combination of TV’s persuasive 
power with digital-style targeting capability attracted over 
100 advertisers in FY24, including clients who were new to 
Astro. Client categories have expanded by more than 40%, 
with Addressable advertisements serving more industries 
such as automotive, entertainment, electronic devices and 
oil and gas. The Addressable format makes TV advertising 
accessible, with businesses able to reach targeted audiences 
who truly matter to them instead of a nationwide audience. 
The end of 2023 welcomed positive news for web privacy, 
as Chrome announced it will join Firefox and Safari in 
phasing out third-party cookies in 2024. This eventual 
demise of third-party cookies is encouraging brands to 
look towards first-party data maximisation, and we believe 
Addressable is resultantly poised to play a much bigger role  
in the advertising market. 
In the second half of FY24, we partnered with Kantar Media 
to launch a UAM tool that connects and measures audience 
data across TV, On Demand and Astro GO, pioneering TV 
and Addressable cross-platform measurement in the region. 
By utilising UAM, incremental household audience reach 
from the Addressable format was observed. Meanwhile,  
third-party effectiveness studies have shown that 
Addressable improves future brand consideration among 
audiences exposed to this format.
Plans are in place to launch our Addressable Commercial 
Establishments (ACE) offering. This new ACE service will 
allow advertisers to expand their big screen targeting 
in the commercial setting by way of serving their ads to 
Astro’s base of enterprise customers with a diverse patron 
profile across mamak joints, food courts, restaurants and 
cafes, pubs and bars, health and wellness establishments,  
and hotels.
Astro Radio is Malaysia’s largest audio 
network across all major languages
Podcast consumption continues to increase as podcasting 
gains popularity locally, with a total of 6.7 million listens on 
SYOK in FY24. SYOK produces a variety of signature podcast 
shows across different genres to cater to Malaysian fans 
including Cerita Hantu Seram, Suited and Booted and Ultra 
Kuaci. Two SYOK original podcasts, Life Confession and 
Sembang Atas Dulang, won Podcast of the Year awards at 
the Radioinfo Asia Podcast Awards 2023. SYOK Podcast  
was also selected by the Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka (DBP) 
as a recipient of the DBP Citra Sahabat Award 2023 for its 
role in spreading and upholding the Malay language and 
literature as three award-winning DBP publications were 
adapted into SYOK podcast drama series including Malam 
Pengantin, Hikayat Gegar Pagi and Belang Harimau Besi.
Radio: Sustaining audio leadership
Being the market leader in the local audio sphere,  
Astro Radio commands a 77% radex share. Through our 
11 audio brands, listenership jumped to 18.2 million weekly 
listeners on FM and online radio. Astro Radio is Malaysia’s 
largest and most influential audio infotainment network, 
leading in all major languages. Our top brands ERA, HITZ, 
MY and RAAGA are ranked the No. 1 radio brands in Malay, 
English, Chinese and Indian languages with 5.4 million,  
2.5 million, 2.4 million and 1.6 million listeners, respectively. 
With a combined total of 32.5 million followers across 
Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Twitter and TikTok, Astro 
Radio also has the largest social media reach in Malaysia.
SYOK, Malaysia’s top multilingual audio entertainment app, 
continues to deliver an extensive content menu with over 
100 streamable digital stations, including our radio brands, 
local and international partner stations, and festive music 
stations. In September 2023, SYOK was integrated into our 
U-Boxes to offer an enhanced listening experience for Astro  
customers, with 20,000 hours streamed in FY24.
Radio listenership on FM and online radio (million)
FY24FY23FY22
18.2
17.7
17.5
FY24 marks the second year of our 
Addressable Advertising service, with 
revenues tripling as awareness of this new 
product gained traction among advertisers

---- Page 51 ----
49
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Products
SYOK champions Malay literature with podcast dramas such as Malam 
Pengantin
AWANI was named Malaysia’s most trusted news brand for the sixth 
consecutive year
Achieving digital-first
Astro’s digital advertising revenue (digidex), which includes 
Addressable, jumped 12% to RM56 million, underpinned 
by Astro’s extensive reach in the digital entertainment 
space. We served over 15.6 million monthly visitors in 
FY24 and housed Malaysia’s No. 1 digital brands in Malay, 
news, Indian, Chinese and sports, leveraging our robust 
slate of vernacular content IPs and production capabilities 
to connect with users. We focused on extending reach and 
viewer engagement on our platforms through a significant 
facelift of our digital portals in FY24. Content offerings on our 
portals were further refined and personalised, aligning them 
with the dynamic preferences of our audiences to deliver an  
experience that resonated with each user. 
Through these enhancements, our digital brands have the 
potential to significantly facilitate the connection between 
advertisers and their target consumer segments, thus 
driving digital adex growth. Simultaneously, we enabled 
programmatic tools and deployed automation to ensure 
advertisements are targeted, relevant, efficient and impactful, 
thus capturing the attention of viewers.
Astro’s established digital brands engage mass or niche 
market segments with relevant, on-point vernacular digital 
content tailored to specific user interests. Key brands include 
Gempak, XUAN, Astro Ulagam, AWANI, Pa&Ma, Rasa, 
Mingguan Wanita and Keluarga.
AWANI established a commanding lead in the digital news 
space with a social media footprint of 15.2 million followers, 
up almost 20% in FY24, along with a significant growth of 
30% in video consumption across digital platforms.
Gempak retained its position as the No. 1 entertainment 
brand in Malaysia, supported by a strong following of  
12.9 million social media followers and 1.4 million monthly 
visitors. Gempak grew its footprint in FY24, producing 
content that entertained netizens to garner 1.6 billion views 
on digital platforms, an 11% increase from FY23. Gempak 
was also acknowledged as the Best Digital Publisher of the 
Year (Silver) at the Malaysian Digital Association Awards 
2023 and as National Winner for Best Short Form Content 
at the Asian Academy Creative Awards 2023 for its Borak 
Dulu Baru Kamu talk show. Gempak proudly introduced its 
inaugural awards show, Gempak Most Wanted Awards 
2022, held in early 2023, which celebrated impactful digital 
personalities and creators. Hosted by Amelia Henderson, 
Sean Lee, Elly Mazlein and Radin, the awards show 
went viral with 88 million hashtag views on TikTok and  
13.5 million views on digital platforms, and emerged as a 
Twitter trending topic.
 
In the Indian entertainment space, Astro Ulagam remained 
the No. 1 digital brand with 186 million views on digital 
platforms, up by 48%. Ulagam’s extensive coverage of the 
2024 Thaipusam festival, complementing our TV coverage, 
was recognised as the Longest Thaipusam Celebration 
Live Broadcast in the Malaysia Book of Records, amassing  
6.3 million total digital views. 
XUAN is Malaysia’s leading Chinese entertainment portal 
with 68 million views on digital platforms in FY24. XUAN 
continued to create digital-first content, including Know 
It More that drove engagement on social media with  
4.0 million views on digital platforms. Meanwhile, our 
Chinese digital news platform, Hotspot, keeps digital natives 
apprised of current affairs and the latest happenings, with its  
TikTok followers more than doubling.
Rocketfuel: Housing the biggest local talents
Our talent arm, Rocketfuel Entertainment identifies, discovers, 
nurtures and supports local entertainers. Our roster includes 
Nabil Ahmad, Zizan Razak, Hael Husaini, Hawa Rizwana, 
Remy Ishak, Datin Lisa Surihani, Sherry Alhadad, Elly Mazlein, 
Mierul Aiman, Wani Kayrie and new signings Nas-T and 
Namie. Rocketfuel’s successes included Hael Husaini’s launch 
of Antonym, his first album in 17 years, which achieved 
3.0 million streams on Spotify and became the No. 1 most 
streamed album on iTunes in Malaysia and Brunei, as well 
as Ezzly Mazlein’s single Sayap, which earned the Longest 
Music Video Launch on a Pop-up TV Channel in the Malaysia 
Book of Records. With a combined 120 million social media 
followers, Rocketfuel serves as a one-stop shop for marketers 
to leverage Malaysia’s biggest stars and influencers.

---- Page 52 ----
50
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Creating sustainable impact for our 
environment and community


---- Page 53 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
51
Sustainability Governance
Our Board is the highest governing body that oversees our 
sustainability roadmap, ensuring its integration with Astro’s 
strategic direction and daily operations. Our Board Charter 
includes a principal responsibility statement for business 
sustainability and long-term value creation, in which ESG 
considerations are embedded. Our Chairman is presently the 
Board’s nominee on sustainability to ensure full alignment 
of our Board’s overall views with the ESG AMC. As part 
of their commitment to being at the forefront of these 
important matters, our Directors participate in seminars and  
discussions centred around key issues and developments.
Our ESG governance structure clearly delineates the 
assignment of ESG responsibilities between Board and 
Management. Astro’s sustainability efforts are led by the 
ESG AMC, which oversees the management, processes and 
execution of both our ESG strategy and Climate Roadmap, 
which sets out our long-term plan to decarbonise and  
reduce carbon emissions in our business. Chaired by our 
GCEO, the ESG AMC meets bi-monthly and is responsible 
for steering our ESG plans with support from business units 
across our Group. Each business unit is ultimately responsible The ESG AMC and its functions are shown in the diagram on page 99 of the 
Corporate Governance Overview
for implementing its agreed initiatives to actively foster a 
greener environment, create positive social impact and  
uphold the principles of good governance.
Our governance framework underpins the sound policies 
and systems that function across our Group. Our GCEO 
and SL T’s performance (which is annually assessed and 
measured through the annual Corporate Scorecard) has ESG 
KPIs embedded linking ESG performance and management 
remuneration. 
Material matters integral to our business are reviewed and 
addressed through Astro’s three Strategic Drivers, comprising 
Content, Products and Sustainability.
Business strategies centred on these Strategic Drivers are 
developed by our GCEO / SL T and approved by our Board 
before being communicated across the business units. 
Team Astro is empowered to execute these strategies in a 
collaborative manner.
We encourage Team Astro to give back to the community through volunteering activities


---- Page 54 ----
52
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
As Malaysia’s leading content and entertainment company, Astro serves multiple stakeholders and the wider society.  
Regular stakeholder engagement builds trust and relationships, providing us critical input and feedback regarding each group’s 
concerns and expectations. We develop Astro’s strategies, policies and programmes with these in mind.
An overview of our key stakeholder groups, their major concerns and our response to these matters is detailed in the table below:
Frequency: Quarterly MonthlyAnnually Ongoing
Key 
Stakeholder Modes of Engagement Stakeholder Concerns Our Response to These Matters
Board of 
Directors
 Board strategy offsite 
 Board meetings
 Board committee meetings 
including the Audit and Risk 
Committee (ARC), the Nomination, 
Remuneration and Corporate 
Governance Committee (NRCGC) 
and the Strategy and Business 
Transformation Committee (SBTC) 
 Board calls
 Corporate events
• Strategic direction, 
business and financial 
performance
• Board reserved matters
• Business ethics and CG
• Sustainability roadmap 
and initiatives
• Provide updates on implementation 
of strategic plans, business 
direction, performance and 
significant issues 
• Brief and apprise the Board on the 
latest CG and compliance practices
• Provide progress updates on ESG 
initiatives
Senior 
Management
 Senior leadership offsites
 Weekly leadership meetings
 Internal and external meetings and 
updates 
 Corporate events 
 Employee engagement activities
• Business strategy and 
direction 
• Financial and operational 
performance 
• Employee engagement 
and progression 
• Employee remuneration 
structure
• Health and safety 
procedures at work 
• CG & Corporate Assurance
• Sustainability initiatives 
and ESG targets 
• Monitor business performance 
against Corporate Scorecard, KPIs 
and established targets 
• Realign and adapt business 
strategy and direction according to 
changes in operating landscape 
• Design and execute ESG initiatives 
• Encourage close collaboration 
between business functions to 
promote efficiency and productivity 
• Actively engage with regulators, 
industry experts, professionals and 
employees
Team Astro  
(Astro 
employees)
 People Survey
 Performance evaluation
 Townhalls
 Onboarding programmes
 Skip-level meetings
 SL T coffee sessions
 Continuous online and offline 
learning, education and 
development programmes 
 Comprehensive well-being and 
wellness programmes 
 Internal communications including 
intranet, emails, focus groups, pulse 
surveys and feedback
• Business strategy and 
direction
• Financial and operational 
performance
• Remuneration structure
• Conducive and safe 
working environment
• Employee benefits and 
welfare 
• Employee Most Valuable 
Player (MVP) Award
• Learning and development 
opportunities
• Opportunity to contribute 
towards ESG initiatives
• Educate on ESG matters
• Inform on career development 
opportunities
• Advise and update employee 
benefits
• Conduct SL T and peer-to-peer 
sharing sessions 
• Provide OSH training and activities 
• Provide training programmes 
• Enable job rotations 
• Operate employee engagement 
platforms
• Provide employee volunteering 
opportunities
Stakeholder Engagement

---- Page 55 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
53
Stakeholder Engagement
Key 
Stakeholder Modes of Engagement Stakeholder Concerns Our Response to These Matters
Customers  On air curation and distribution of 
TV and radio programmes
 Website and online platforms 
 Customer touchpoints including 
Astro Experience Stores, service 
centres, mobile and digital 
 Rewards programme 
 Customer feedback and surveys
 On-ground engagement and 
events
 Return path data from connected 
STBs 
 Data aggregated from multiple 
touchpoints across our TV, radio, 
streaming services and digital 
brands
• Product value proposition 
• Customer service, 
engagement and 
convenience 
• Personalisation, flexibility 
and immediacy
• Data privacy
• Information and update on 
relevant ESG topics (e.g. 
social, climate matters)
• Create innovative products and 
services that deliver value and ease 
of use
• Deliver reliable customer service
• Respond effectively to customer 
feedback in a timely manner
• Deliver customer engagement 
activities 
• Conduct surveys of Net Promoter 
Score (NPS) and customer 
satisfaction
• Manage and protect all customer 
and employee data in line with 
Personal Data Protection Act 2010 
(PDPA)
• Create programming, news, radio 
shows and digital content that 
highlights key ESG matters
• Amplify key PSA messages across 
platforms
Shareholders 
and the 
investment 
community
 Annual General Meeting
 Integrated Annual Report
 Earnings calls
 Financial results
 Conferences and roadshows 
 Meetings and teleconference calls
 Company announcements on 
Bursa Malaysia
 Corporate website updates 
 Site visits
• Business sustainability 
amid industry disruption
• Impact of ongoing acts 
of piracy and macro 
headwinds 
• Returns to shareholders 
• Sustainable business 
practices
• Conduct regular investor 
engagements 
• Provide timely updates on material 
business developments, strategy 
and performance through meetings, 
announcements on Bursa Malaysia 
and timely press releases
• Remain as constituent of 
FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index
• Engage with ESG rating agencies to 
identify improvement opportunities
Regulators 
and 
governmental 
authorities
 Stakeholder dialogues
 Review of policies and procedures 
 Regulatory compliance training 
sessions 
 Engagement with government 
ministries and agencies 
 Regulator roundtable sessions
• Direct and indirect 
contributions to the local 
economy 
• Growth and challenges of 
the local media industry 
• Compliance with laws and 
legal frameworks 
• Sustainable business 
practices
• Maintain open channels and 
regular dialogue between GCEO 
/ SL T and relevant regulatory and 
governmental bodies
• Uphold good CG through robust 
policies such as the Code of Conduct 
and Business Ethics and the  
Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy 
to ensure regulatory compliance
• Adhere to responsible and 
sustainable practices to protect 
stakeholders

---- Page 56 ----
54
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Key 
Stakeholder Modes of Engagement Stakeholder Concerns Our Response to These Matters
Vendors and 
business 
partners
 Vendor registration process 
incorporating screening, due 
diligence questionnaire and 
integrity pledge 
 Vendor selection process 
 Regular dialogue with key suppliers
 Company website, including annual 
and financial reports
• Ethical business practices 
• Transparent and objective 
tender process 
• Clear and concise 
specifications for goods 
and services 
• Prompt and timely 
payments 
• Ensure open tender process to 
promote fair and transparent 
dealings
• Perform vendor compliance audits / 
reviews 
• Partner with suppliers on shared 
opportunities
Community 
and non-
governmental 
organisations 
(NGOs)
 Yayasan Astro Kasih’s initiatives 
including Astro Kem Badminton, 
Astro Hostels and RimbaKita
 Community messaging and 
initiatives including PSA and ESG 
related content, and news updates
 Event participation / sponsorship
 Collaboration on shared 
opportunities
• Sustainable business 
practices 
• Direct and indirect 
contribution to the local 
economy 
• Sponsorship 
• Invitation to community 
engagements
• Design and deliver impactful 
programmes and initiatives on 
environment, education and 
community
• Lead advocacy on social and 
environmental topics 
• Support agreed relevant causes 
and relief projects
• Amplify messages on events and 
causes across platforms
Media  Press releases and conferences
 Media interviews
 Thought leadership talks
 Online and offline media campaigns
 Company website, including annual 
and financial reports
• Product offerings and 
launches
• Content line-up
• Business performance 
• Business milestones and 
industry updates 
• Sustainable business 
practices
• Direct and indirect 
contributions to the local 
economy
• Conduct regular media 
engagements, press conferences
• Provide regular announcements on 
material business developments, 
strategy and performance
• Promote Astro content, products, 
services and ESG activities across 
all touchpoints
Stakeholder Engagement
Frequency: Quarterly MonthlyAnnually Ongoing

---- Page 57 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
55
Through our limited-scale materiality review in FY24, we concluded that all our existing 13 material matters remain aligned with 
Astro’s Strategic Drivers. The top five high-priority material matters also remain unchanged. 
FY24 Materiality Matrix
Materiality assessment is an important part of our value creation process, enabling us to align our business planning, strategies 
and performance management with our sustainability priorities. In FY24, we conducted an internal review of our material  
sustainability topics. This built upon FY23’s full-scale materiality assessment, refreshing our material sustainability topics with  
key stakeholders’ input, enabling us to understand and prioritise the economic, environmental, social and governance issues that 
matter most to our business and stakeholders.
FY22 • Conducted a review of the six existing material matters 
• Mapped the material matters against Strategic Drivers 
FY24
• Conducted a limited-scale materiality review. This was performed internally by members of Management who 
routinely engage with the key stakeholder groups represented
• Reviewed the materiality matrix and list of key stakeholders
• Confirmed that the top five high-priority material matters remained unchanged from FY23
• Reviewed and gained concurrence from our Board
FY23
• Conducted a full-scale materiality assessment, involving a comprehensive engagement exercise with all key 
stakeholder groups and desktop validation against industry peers locally, regionally and globally
• Identified 13 material matters, of which five were ranked as high priority, as depicted in the materiality matrix 
below 
• Mapped the material matters to our ESG Pillars and Strategic Drivers, integrating business priorities with 
sustainability for value creation
• Gained endorsement for the process outcome from our Board
Material Matters
Influence on stakeholder assessments and decisions
Significance of Astro’s ESG impacts
Business 
ethics and 
compliance
Vendor and 
supply chain
Customer reach 
and experience
Revenue 
diversification 
and financial 
performance
Cybersecurity and 
data privacy
Talent  
acquisition, 
development  
and engagement
Technology 
and innovation
Climate 
changeResponsible 
environmental 
management
Diversity  
and inclusion
Health  
and safety
Responsible 
content
Community 
development

---- Page 58 ----
56
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Material Matters
Priority Ranking Material Matter Description
High 1 Technology and 
innovation
Harnessing technology and data by digitalising internal processes to 
deliver superior products and services, positive customer experience  
and operational efficiency
2 Cybersecurity and  
data privacy 
Protecting and safeguarding customer data by ensuring proper security 
and access control and compliance with all applicable laws, including 
the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA), company policies and  
management systems
3 Talent acquisition, 
development and 
engagement 
Attracting, developing and retaining a fit-for-purpose talent pool and 
empowering a winning team to drive long-term growth, including 
upskilling and reskilling talents and the enhancement of employee 
engagement and retention
4 Revenue diversification 
and financial 
performance 
Scaling up adjacent businesses and diversifying revenue streams for 
business sustainability amid intensifying competition with the intent to 
sustain shareholder value and deliver long-term returns
5 Customer reach and 
experience
Providing the best entertainment experience and customer care for 
homes, individuals and enterprises, which includes digitalising and 
improving customer service across all touchpoints
Medium 6 Vendor and supply 
chain
Maintaining an equitable and transparent procurement process and 
practising ethical standards aligned with Astro’s company values
7 Climate change Developing Astro’s climate change adaptation and mitigation strategy, 
and implementing measures to reduce GHG in support of Malaysia’s 
action plans on climate change
8 Business ethics and 
compliance
Managing risks and opportunities with high standards of business 
integrity and ethical conduct
9 Responsible 
environmental 
management
Implementing internal controls to manage and minimise Astro’s 
operational environmental impact, such as conscious energy and water 
consumption as well as responsible waste management
10 Diversity and inclusion Promoting equal opportunity and fair recruitment to cultivate an  
inclusive and non-discriminatory work environment for all employees
11 Responsible content Ensuring content creation, aggregation, distribution and monetisation is 
a key differentiator to drive customer engagement, while upholding our 
responsibility as a responsible content creator, trusted news provider, 
acting as a Voice for Good to deliver powerful and impactful messaging 
to drive positivity among the community in accordance with local  
regulations, while making quality edutainment content accessible
12 Health and safety Implementing internal controls to ensure our Group protects the health 
and safety of employees and talents in the workplace, in line with 
industry best practices, and promotes employee well-being
13 Community 
development
Engaging and serving the local community by harnessing our 
multiple platforms and content to deliver positive social impact, 
and empowering the lives of the community through financial and  
non-financial contributions, as well as partnerships with key players to 
drive positive outcomes that align with Astro’s ESG Pillars

---- Page 59 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
57
1. Technology and innovation
Emerging technologies are revolutionising the media 
and entertainment industry, changing the way 
content is delivered. Leveraging technology, Astro 
continues to deliver superior customer experience 
by enhancing functionalities and integrating more 
streaming services onto the U-Boxes, by digitalising and  
simplifying products and processes, by deepening 
investments in data analytics for better customer 
insights and conversion and by harnessing data across 
touchpoints to better serve customers with personalised 
recommendations.
2. Cybersecurity and data privacy
Astro views the protection of privacy and confidential 
data entrusted to us by our customers, employees, and 
other stakeholders as highly important. The potential 
for malware attacks and data leakages that arise from 
enhanced connectivity and wide digital adoption poses 
threats to Astro’s cybersecurity and data privacy. As 
the incidence of such threats continues to rise, Astro  
expends significant resources to keep updated with the 
latest security controls, and has established extensive 
internal and external processes as well as initiatives 
to safeguard our employees and our customers’ data, 
content and assets.
Our top five material matters in FY24 are:
3. Talent acquisition, development and 
engagement
The supply-demand equation for labour has shifted 
profoundly in recent years. There is increased demand for 
greater flexibility, work-life balance, job satisfaction and 
more enriching benefits. In response, Astro has developed 
strategies to attract, develop and retain a fit-for-purpose 
talent pool and ensure a sustainable talent pipeline. 
Regular surveys and feedback sessions are undertaken to 
check engagement and course-correct as needed.
4. Revenue diversification and 
financial performance
Astro is diversifying its revenues via adjacent businesses, 
including broadband, OTT, advertising, enterprise and 
digital, with the aim of sustaining shareholder value and 
reaping long-term returns.
Material Matters
5. Customer reach and experience
Shifts in consumer behaviour and expectations post-pandemic are driving companies to change the way they connect with 
and serve their customers. Astro understands the importance of delivering superior customer experiences and value to 
meet customers’ needs. As such, Astro is committed to offer a great entertainment experience, reliable connectivity and 
straightforward customer care by, among other things, accelerating the rollout of modern, connected products and creating 
compelling, high-quality content. An increasing number of Malaysian homes and businesses are connected through our 
broadband service, while Astro continues to focus on digitalising and improving customer service across all touchpoints.

---- Page 60 ----
58
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Risk Management
Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework incorporates sustainability and climate-related risks into our materiality 
assessment, supplementing our strategic, financial and operational risks. We ensure all identified risks align with our risk appetite 
through review and monitoring by designated risk owners. This process is conducted in collaboration with the Group Risk 
Management team and is then further deliberated on by the ESG AMC.
Risks Material Matter Opportunities 
• Inability to automate processes 
effectively and slow adoption of new 
technologies impact agility and speed 
to market
Technology and 
innovation
• Harness technology and data by digitalising internal 
processes to deliver superior products and services, 
positive customer experience and operational efficiency
• Invest in new system capabilities to deliver innovative and 
relevant services to customers
• Cyberthreats and unauthorised access 
to sensitive information, such as breach 
of customer personal data, pose a 
significant risk, potentially eroding 
customer trust, causing reputational 
harm and resulting in financial losses 
and legal liabilities
Cybersecurity and  
data privacy 
• Implement robust cybersecurity measures and an 
enhanced data protection policy to safeguard critical 
customer and business information
• Ensure proper security access control and compliance 
with all applicable laws including, but not limited to, the 
Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA), Group policies and 
management systems 
• Difficulty in finding and retaining the 
right talent may hinder our growth and 
competitiveness
• Lower productivity and performance 
may result from disengaged and less 
experienced employees
Talent acquisition, 
development and 
engagement 
• Invest in talent development programmes and  
partnerships with educational institutions to cultivate a 
pipeline of skilled professionals
• Conduct regular employee engagements to enhance 
morale and motivation
• Economic uncertainties may lead 
to reduced consumer spending 
and negatively impact revenue and 
profitability 
• Intense competition may erode market 
share and pricing power, leading to 
lower revenue and margins
Revenue  
diversification  
and financial 
performance 
• Scale up adjacent businesses and diversify revenue 
streams for business sustainability
• Ensure sustainable financial performance to attract 
investors and deliver long-term value for all stakeholders
• Inability to meet customer expectations 
impacts customer confidence and 
loyalty, which leads to lower revenue
Customer reach  
and experience
• Maintain consistent customer engagement to enable 
continuous improvement to meet and exceed customer 
expectations
• Provide the best entertainment experience and customer 
care for households and enterprises, which includes 
digitalising and improving customer service across all 
touchpoints
• Climate-related events may disrupt our 
production and delivery schedules
• Negative publicity surrounding vendor 
practices, such as environmental 
violations or labour abuse, may tarnish 
reputation and affect customer trust
Vendor and  
supply chain
• Uphold an equitable and transparent procurement  
process, adhering to ethical standards aligned with our 
values
• Partner with vendors to adopt sustainable practices to 
enhance our environmental credentials and appeal to 
environmentally conscious consumers

---- Page 61 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
59
Risk Management
Risks Material Matter Opportunities 
• Climate change can lead to extreme 
weather events such as flooding 
that may contribute to physical asset 
damage and business disruption
• Regulatory changes, technological 
advancements and shifts in customer 
preferences may impact our business 
and lead to deteriorating financial 
performance 
Climate change • Develop Astro’s climate change adaptation and mitigation 
strategy to decarbonise without impacting business 
continuity
• Non-compliance with regulations 
could lead to legal consequences and 
financial repercussions
• Poor CG practices may tarnish our 
brand and reputation
Business ethics  
and compliance
• Establish robust CG practices and effective compliance 
to enhance our reputation, increase stakeholder trust and 
create a sustainable business environment
• Non-compliance with environmental 
regulations and irresponsible 
environmental practices can damage 
stakeholder trust and brand value
Responsible 
environmental 
management
• Implement internal controls to manage and minimise 
Astro’s operational environmental impact, such as 
conscious energy and water consumption as well as 
responsible waste management
• Discriminatory employment practices 
could damage our reputation, employee 
morale and stakeholder relationships
• A homogeneous talent pool hinders 
innovation and creativity, limiting our 
ability to adapt to changing market 
demands
Diversity  
and inclusion
• Uphold our commitment to diversity and inclusion to 
broaden our appeal to diverse customer segments and 
new market opportunities
• Foster equal opportunity and fair recruitment to promote 
an inclusive and non-discriminatory working environment 
for all employees
• Content that is socially irresponsible or 
offensive may erode trust, integrity and 
credibility, leading to public backlash, 
penalties and other legal consequences
Responsible  
content
• Emphasise content creation, aggregation, distribution 
and monetisation as key differentiators to drive customer 
engagement 
• Uphold our responsibility as an ethical content creator, 
trusted news provider and Voice for Good to deliver 
powerful and impactful messaging to drive positivity 
among the community in accordance with local regulations
• Provide access to quality education through investments in 
edutainment content
• Workplace accidents and injuries 
may result in reduced productivity 
and possible damage to our Group’s 
property and reputation, legal 
consequences and penalties
Health  
and safety
• Promote a strong safety culture with a conducive working 
environment to improve employee well-being and 
productivity and strengthen Astro’s reputation
• The success and sustainability of 
our initiatives may be at risk if there 
is insufficient engagement with the 
community
Community 
development
• Engage and serve the local community through our content 
and multiplatform reach to deliver positive social impact
• Empower the lives of the community through financial and 
non-financial contributions, as well as partnerships with 
key players, to drive positive impact that align with Astro’s 
ESG Pillars

---- Page 62 ----
60
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Sustainability Framework
Responsible Business
Good governance is at the core of being a 
responsible business. Our robust CG framework 
is essential in ensuring compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations for effective risk 
management. 
 
We are committed to business integrity and 
transparency, diversity and inclusion, workplace 
safety, cybersecurity, and data privacy and 
integrity. 
ESG Pillars
Material Matters*
Caring for our Environment
Advocating for a greener planet, we are committed 
to carbon neutrality by 2040. We have developed 
a Climate Roadmap to guide us in reducing our 
overall GHG emissions over the short and  
longer term. 
Vision
To be Malaysia’s No. 1 Entertainment Destination
Aligned with
Cybersecurity and data privacy
Talent acquisition, development and engagement
Revenue diversification and financial performance
Vendor and supply chain
Business ethics and compliance
Diversity and inclusion
Health and safety
Climate change
Responsible environmental management 
Responsible content
*  2 of the 13 material matters i.e. Responsible content and Community development relate to multiple ESG Pillars
UNSDG
Our sustainability framework aligns our value creation model with the established material matters, as shown below. 
This framework underpins our efforts towards the effective integration of sustainability Group-wide, conducting and 
growing our business in a responsible manner. Supported by a sound governance structure, we strategically link 
our material matters to Astro’s five ESG Pillars and three Strategic Drivers to encapsulate sustainability thinking.  
This enables us to incorporate sustainability commitments into our strategic business priorities.

---- Page 63 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
61
Sustainability Framework
Voice for Good
Given our unique position as 
Malaysia’s largest media and 
content powerhouse, we aspire 
to be a Voice for Good by airing 
public service announcements 
(PSA) and ESG-related content 
across TV, radio, and digital 
platforms. Our goal is to 
deliver impactful messaging to 
influence and drive positivity in 
all the communities in which we 
are present.
Education for All
Education is critical to the long-
term well-being of our future 
generation and to building 
our nation. We leverage our 
key differentiator – content, 
to provide access to quality 
education and supplementary 
learning materials for students, 
especially those in rural and 
remote communities.
Community 
Development
We aspire to build sustainable 
communities and create a 
lasting impact on society while 
providing emergency relief 
assistance when the need 
arises.
Mission
We will achieve our Vision through compelling content, products and experience powered by 
refreshed technology and a winning team
Technology and innovation 
Customer reach and experience
Responsible content
Community development
Responsible content
Community development
Community development 
Content Products SustainabilityStrategic 
Drivers
We have set sustainability performance targets up to FY26, supported by initiatives to be undertaken over a three-
year period. Meanwhile, work is underway for us to implement our Climate Roadmap that outlines our goals to carbon 
neutrality by 2040.

---- Page 64 ----
62
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Performance Scorecard
On track to meeting set targets Reviewing current practices to meet FY26 targets
Pillar Material Matters Targets (FY24 - FY26) FY24 Performance
Caring 
for our 
Environment
Climate change
Responsible 
environmental 
management
2% reduction in energy 
consumption from FY22 baseline  
by FY26
(FY22: 110,085 Gigajoules)
2% reduction in total water 
consumption from FY22 baseline  
by FY26
(FY22: 149 Megalitres)
6% reduction in energy 
consumption (purchased) in FY24 
versus FY22 baseline
(FY24: 103,430 Gigajoules)
7% reduction in total water 
consumption in FY24 versus  
FY22 baseline
(FY24: 139 Megalitres)
Responsible 
Business
Cybersecurity and 
data privacy
Talent acquisition, 
development and 
engagement
Customer reach and 
experience
ISO 27001:2013 (Information 
Security Management System 
(ISMS) annual recertification with 
zero Non-Conformance Report 
(NCR)
10% annual increase in average 
employee training hours
Average Customer Satisfaction 
Score (CSAT) of at least 80%
Achieved annual recertification 
with zero NCR
35% increase in average employee 
training hours 
(FY24: 10.3 hours per employee)
83%
Voice for 
Good (VFG)
Responsible content 5% annual increase in VFG hours 
(comprising PSA and ESG-related 
content)
24% increase in VFG hours in FY24 
with introduction of ESG-related 
content tracking
Responsible content 11,000 educational  
On Demand videosEducation 
For All
FY24: 13,100 educational  
On Demand videos
Community 
development
Total of 20,000 employee volunteer 
hours (FY24 to FY26)Community 
Development
FY24: 2,232 employee volunteer 
hours

---- Page 65 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
63
Management Approach for Material Matters
Our approach
In support of the UNSDG on climate change and Malaysia’s transition to a low carbon, climate-resilient economy, Astro is  
committed towards achieving carbon neutrality by 2040.
Climate change
Astro recognises the gravity of climate change and that our activities and greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions contribute to climate change impact. As Malaysia’s leading content and entertainment 
company, Astro has a major role to play in raising climate awareness by communicating climate 
change knowledge and issues effectively and responsibly. 
Astro is committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2040
Refer to Products section on pages 41 to 49Customer reach and experience
Refer to Group Financial Review on pages 139 to 141Revenue diversification and financial performance
Refer to Products section on pages 41 to 49Technology and innovation
Refer to Content section on pages 33 to 40Responsible content
Refer to SORMIC on pages 132 to 138Business ethics and compliance
Climate change Community development
Responsible environmental management Health and safety
Talent acquisition, development and engagement Cybersecurity and data privacy 
Diversity and inclusion Vendor and supply chain
The following material matters are discussed this in section:
For the material matters as listed below, please refer to the designated sections within this IAR23:
Legend: Top 5 material matters Other material matters

---- Page 66 ----
64
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Management Approach for Material Matters
We have developed a Climate Roadmap to guide our businesses in decarbonising and reducing carbon emissions in line with the 
Paris Agreement’s goal to limit global warming to well below 2°C, and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase even 
further to 1.5°C, compared to pre-industrial levels. Our Climate Roadmap is based on four strategies with clear objectives and 
guiding principles to achieve the climate goal: 
Strategy 1 - Establish Climate Governance
Strategy 1 aims to integrate climate considerations and promote sustainable business strategies at the Board level 
and put in place the necessary systems and people competencies across all levels of our workforce to address the 
risks and opportunities of climate change. 
Strategy 2 - Reduce Own GHG Emissions
Strategy 2 aims to reduce Astro’s own GHG emissions. To achieve carbon neutrality by 2040, Astro is committing 
to a medium-term target of a 28% reduction by FY31 against our emissions at baseline year of FY20 that is 
representative of normal business activities before the pandemic. We will firstly prioritise reducing GHG emissions 
internally as much as possible, before offsetting the remaining emissions using carbon credits to realise our carbon 
neutral aspirations. Astro has identified various focus areas, including Energy Efficiency, Renewable Energy, and 
Refrigerant Management. 
Energy Efficiency 
We will enhance energy 
efficiency continuously across 
our offices to reduce overall 
energy consumption. Energy 
saving initiatives by way 
of maintenance, overhaul, 
replacement, and optimisation 
will be rolled out gradually to 
ensure Astro’s sites are energy 
efficient.
Renewable Energy 
As our indirect emissions from 
electricity use contributes the 
most to our total emissions, 
we will continue to source 
renewable energy through 
the installation of on-site 
photovoltaic cells and other 
market-based solutions such as, 
Renewable Energy Certificates 
(RECs) and Power Purchasing 
Agreement (PPA).
Refrigerant Management 
We aim to avoid and reduce 
refrigerant leaks by improving 
management practices, such 
as regular maintenance, leak 
detection and the use of low 
climate-impact refrigerants.
Strategy 4 - Adopt Climate Advocacy
Strategy 4 aims to empower climate actions through climate advocacy to drive sustainable change. As Malaysia’s 
largest media and entertainment company, Astro has a unique advantage to utilise our voice and content to 
advocate for a greener planet while increasing climate awareness among Malaysians through our multiplatform 
reach across TV, radio and digital. 
Strategy 3 - Tackle Supply Chain Emissions
Strategy 3 recognises that Astro cannot work alone to address the challenges of the climate crisis and meet our 
climate responsibilities. Hence, we seek opportunities to collaborate with our supply chain partners to decarbonise 
the supply chain collectively. To that end, Astro strives to achieve operational excellence and enhance our product 
stewardship. 

---- Page 67 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
65
Management Approach for Material Matters
Our performance
Climate Roadmap
Employee participation in a series of targeted workshops and training sessions was central to the development of our Climate 
Roadmap. These efforts are designed not only to enhance understanding and awareness of climate concepts but also to foster 
an environment of active participation and innovation in our sustainability endeavours. The sessions covered a wide range of 
topics, including the fundamentals of carbon neutrality, climate risk and adaptation, the exploration of carbon reduction and 
decarbonisation solutions, GHG accounting and reporting, supplier engagement and climate advocacy.
Emissions
Astro’s journey on climate action started as early as 2009 when we conducted our very first carbon footprint assessment of our 
AABC site. 
In 2013, our scope of assessment was expanded to cover other major sites within the Klang Valley and limited Scope 3  
emissions. Since then, we have been measuring our Scope 1, Scope 2 and limited Scope 3 emissions, consistently improving 
our data collection processes over the years. We obtained an independent limited assurance from British Standards Institution  
Services Malaysia (BSI Malaysia) against ISO 14064-1:2018 for our reported GHG emissions in FY24. Please refer to pages 81  
to 83 for BSI Malaysia’s Independent Limited Assurance Statement.
Our FY24 GHG assessment accounts for and reports emissions under the following scopes as defined in the GHG Protocol:
Scope
1
Direct GHG emission from sources that are owned or controlled by the reporting company
Example: Electricity generators, fuel for company-owned vehicle and leakage of cooling refrigerant (if any)
Scope
2
Indirect emissions associated with the generation of imported / purchased electricity and cooling chilled water
Example: Purchased electricity and chilled water (if any)
Scope
3
Other indirect GHG emissions from transport means that are not company-owned
Example: Waste disposal, employee business travels, third-party installer travels and employee commuting (if any)
Emission Sources
GHG Emissions (tCO2e)(1)
FY20 (Base Year) FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24
Scope 1: Direct Emissions from Astro’s owned or  
 controlled operations and activities 1,365 481 1,241 1,152 673
Scope 2: Indirect Emissions from Purchased  
 Electricity (TNB) & Energy (chilled water  
 supply from Megajana until FY20) 26,420 27,278 23,181 22,644 21,780
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 27,785 27,760 24,421 23,796 22,453
Year-on-year change (0.1%) (12.0%) (2.6%) (5.6%)
Scope 3: Other Indirect Emissions from Staff  
 Business Travel, Third Party Installers,  
 Employee Commuting and Waste  
 Generated from Operations (2) 5,173 5,468 4,928 4,913 5,909
Total overall GHG emissions 32,958 33,228 29,349 28,709 28,361
Year-on-year change 0.8% (11.7%) (2.2%) (1.2%)
Notes:
(1) GHG emissions data from FY20 to FY23 have been restated to align with Bursa Malaysia’s requirement for all sustainability-related data to be presented on a  
financial, instead of calendar, year basis
(2) Scope 3 emissions for Category 7 have been expanded to include all employee commuting types in FY24 (versus shuttle bus services only in FY23)

---- Page 68 ----
66
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
28,361
Management Approach for Material Matters
673 21,780 5,909
28,709
1,152 22,644 4,913
33,228
27,278 5,468481
29,349
1,241 4,92823,181
32,958
26,420 5,1731,365
FY24FY23FY21 FY22FY20 
(Base Year)
Overall GHG Emissions (tCO2e)
21,780
22,64423,181
Scope 2 Indirect GHG Emissions (tCO2e)
Purchased electricity
FY24FY23FY22
Scope 1 Direct GHG Emissions (tCO2e)
556
46
551
368
47
826
1,1521,241 673
610
1
21
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3 Emissions from vehicles
Fixed generators
LPG consumption
Chiller refrigerant leaks
FY24FY23FY22
C4 - Upstream transportation & distribution
C5 - Waste generated in operations
C6 - Business travel
C7 - Employee commuting*
4,870 4,705
2,613
3,070*
Scope 3 Indirect GHG Emissions (tCO2e)
4,9134,928 5,909
170
1 1
37
188
39
FY24FY23FY22
* Category 7 emissions have been expanded to include all employee 
commuting types in FY24 (versus shuttle bus services only in FY23)
41
56

---- Page 69 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
67
Management Approach for Material Matters
As we transition towards a greener Astro, our overall GHG 
emissions in FY24 continued to decline by 1.2% to 28,361 
tCO 2 e, despite the expansion of Scope 3 Category 7 for 
employee commuting. Excluding this Scope 3 expansion, 
our overall GHG emissions in FY24 declined by 11.9% to  
25,288 tCO 2 e.
We reduced our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 5.6% in 
FY24 as we embarked on our Carbon Neutral 2040 journey. 
This represents a 19% reduction versus our FY20 baseline. 
FY24 GHG intensity for Scope 1 and 2 emissions increased 
by 4.9% year-on-year to 6.53 tCO 2 e per RM million of  
revenue.
Scope 1 emissions decreased significantly by 41.6% against 
FY23 mainly due to the reduction in refrigerant leakage 
recorded from our cooling units in AABC and ACBC, as a 
result of preventive measures taken. We completed a chiller 
system overhaul in FY23 and installed a refrigerant leak 
monitoring system to reduce the possibility of any leakages 
going undetected. 
Scope 2 emissions decreased by 3.8% in FY24 as a result of  
our ongoing workspace consolidation exercise and energy 
saving initiatives. In FY24, we implemented a programme to 
increase ambient office temperature by 1ºC to 2ºC to 24ºC, 
resulting in a decrease in our electricity consumption. The 
reported data for previous years was restated in FY23 due 
to the update of Grid Emission Factor for electricity (Scope 
2), based on the latest guidance issued by the Energy 
Commission.
Additionally, we have expanded our Scope 3 tracking and 
monitoring for Category 7 to include all employee commuting 
types in FY24 (versus shuttle bus services only in FY23). 
With this inclusion, total Scope 3 emissions amounted to  
5,909 tCO 2 e. Emissions for Category 4 (upstream 
transportation) decreased by 44.5%, from the reduced truck 
rolls for our Pay-TV operations supported by the rollout of 
Plug & Play hybrid U-Boxes. Emissions for Category 5 (waste 
generated in operations) was 4.5% higher at 39 tCO 2 e  
mainly due to employees fully returning to office. We will 
continue to refine our Scope 3 emissions data to include 
categories relevant to Astro’s operations. 
We restated the Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions data from FY20 
to FY23 to align with Bursa Malaysia’s requirement for all 
sustainability-related data to be presented on a financial, 
instead of calendar, year basis. We are also streamlining our 
data collection process to enhance our data consistency.
Carbon avoidance from solar energy generation
1,183 tCO2e 
saved from 
solar energy 
generation
is equivalent to
51,214 bags of 
recycled waste
Planting  
29,579 trees
In FY24, our solar panel harvested 1.56 million kWh of 
photovoltaic energy, making up 7% of the total energy 
consumption at AABC and is equivalent to 1,183 tCO 2 e 
of GHG emission avoidance (FY23: 1,137 tCO 2 e). This is 
also comparable to planting 29,579 trees (based on MGTC 
Carbon Calculator, 2024) or recycling over 51,214 bags of 
waste (based on USEPA Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies 
Calculator, 2024). Further, we subscribed to the Green 
Electricity Tariff (GET), a government initiative to provide 
the option of obtaining green electricity generated from 
renewable energy sources. The GET programme is backed 
by Malaysia Renewable Energy Certificates (mREC) 
which is based on international REC standards. Electricity  
consumption at AABC amounting to a total of 1.2 million 
kWh was sourced from the renewable resources, including 
solar and hydropower. This has led to the avoidance 
of approximately 929 tCO 2 e of GHG emissions. In total, 
we saved 2,112 tCO 2 e in FY24 from both solar energy  
generation and GET subscription, equating to 7.4% of overall 
FY24 GHG emissions.
Energy use
Underpinned by our energy efficiency programme, our 
overall electricity consumption in FY24 decreased by 3.8% to  
28.7 million kWh. Electricity intensity for FY24 has increased 
by 7.3% to 8,816 kWh per RM million of revenue.

---- Page 70 ----
68
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Management Approach for Material Matters
Earth Day 2023
In conjunction with Earth Day 2023, 
Astro curated shows for a dedicated 
rail entitled The Love Earth: Climate 
Change on TV, Astro GO and On 
Demand. Our news brand Astro Awani 
celebrated Earth Week from 17 to 23 
April 2023 with infographic videos, 
a panel session broadcast on all 
platforms, daily segments on AWANI 
Tonight and stories across Niaga 
AWANI and Awani Borneo shows.
Meanwhile, Team Astro celebrated 
Earth Day with upcycling workshops, 
green learning sessions and a recycling drive, collecting 200 kilograms of fabric and 735 kilograms of plastic, metal, 
paper and e-waste. This spurred us to initiate a quarterly recycling programme in collaboration with the Department of 
Environment (JAS) for Team Astro to bring in recyclables, with a total of 7.7 metric tonnes of recyclables collected in FY24 by  
JAS-authorised agents.
Climate advocacy
As an influential climate advocate, Astro is committed to use 
its voice and content to advocate for a greener planet while 
increasing climate awareness among Malaysians via its 
multiplatform reach across TV, radio and digital.
To that end, Astro marked the launch of its RimbaKita 
programme in August 2023 with the signing of a  
memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between Astro and 
the WWF-Malaysia, the premiere of a dedicated RimbaKita 
On Demand rail showcasing environmental-centric 
documentaries, and various environmental programmes and 
initiatives.
FY24FY23FY22
BSCCAABC AwaniACBC Arena
21.6
7.2
1.1
20.5
7.0
1.2
21.0
1.1
0.3
1.2
7.0
29.930.6 28.7
Electricity Consumption (m kWh) The MOU between Astro and WWF-Malaysia aims to 
build public awareness and support for WWF-Malaysia’s 
conservation efforts by broadcasting and making available  
its content on Astro’s platform. Alongside this partnership, 
Astro also works closely with organisations including Taman 
Tugu Malaysia, the UNGCMYB, and many others to effect 
positive change towards environmental advocacy.
Astro worked with renowned directors of environmental 
documentaries like KC Chiu from Woo Hoo Pictures for The 
Conservationist, Lara Ariffin from Nuvista Media for Layar 
Liar, TP Lim from Roots and Shoots and Myles Storey for 
Wang Kelian and Finding Solo, Luqman Hakim Md Zim from 
Belia Prihatin for Sampah Melata, Alam Merana, Bukan 
Nelayan Gila, and Dr. Cheryl Cheah from WWF-Malaysia 
for the premiere of Bornean Elephants – A Journey Through 
A Living Landscape, depicting a story of coexistence with  
these gentle giants as they traverse through the Sabah 
landscape. These documentaries highlight environmental 
awareness and showcase the rich biodiversity of our forests 
in a dedicated RimbaKita On Demand rail, which we will 
continue to make available to all customers from time to time.
As part of the programme, a RimbaKita Run was held at  
Taman Wetland Putrajaya on Sunday, 24 September 2023, 
which attracted 1,200 participants. Proceeds from the 
registration were channelled towards vital environmental 
conservation and preservation efforts, including the adoption 
of 27 trees at Taman Tugu. Astro is committed to tree 
sponsorship with Taman Tugu, and tree planting by Team 
Astro with the Global Environment Centre.

---- Page 71 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
69
Responsible environmental management
Astro believes that good environmental stewardship can mitigate various environmental risks posed 
by our businesses. Although broadcast and media operations pose relatively low environmental risk, 
one of the main impact is the resources we use and the waste we generate. 
On the other hand, we are reliant on water resources, especially to operate our data centres that 
are crucial to store and broadcast content to customers. Increasing water supply interruptions and 
scarcity due to climate change, poor water management and contamination pose risks to our business 
that need to be managed appropriately. 
Our approach
Astro is guided by our Environmental Policy and adopts a practical approach to responsible environmental management,  
particularly in waste and water management. We are mindful of our water consumption and waste generation, and deploy the 
3R’s principles of Reduce, Reuse and Recycle to minimise and optimise the use of all our resources, setting the foundation of our 
environmental stewardship.
Management Approach for Material Matters
Our performance
Waste generation
In FY24, we generated 75.2 tonnes of dry waste and 10.4 tonnes of wet waste from our cafeteria at AABC. We recycled  
26.5%, or equivalent to 19.9 tonnes, of dry waste in FY24, a 6.1 percentage point jump in the recycling rate from FY23. This dry 
waste diversion avoided a total of 10.4 tCO 2 e of emissions from landfills.
Waste minimisation & recycling 
To optimise recycling efforts, we encourage Team Astro to actively reduce waste generation by reusing and 
repurposing items where possible, with eco-friendly waste bins conveniently located within AABC that enable the 
segregation of recyclable materials such as paper, plastics and aluminium.
Product stewardship 
We strive to minimise raw material extraction and waste generation for our products, through better product 
design, planning, and by embracing the circular economy.
Water conservation 
To reduce our risks to water scarcity, we conserve water resources as best as possible, and utilise alternative 
sources of water for non-critical use. We conduct regular preventive maintenance to detect and prevent any 
unscheduled water wastage.

---- Page 72 ----
70
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Management Approach for Material Matters
STB reworked, refurbished, disposed (‘000)
38
73
413
189
302
14
Product stewardship
Our latest decoders, namely the Ultra and Ulti Boxes are 40% 
and 80% smaller in size compared to their predecessors, thus 
reducing the materials required to manufacture these boxes. 
A majority of materials used for the build and packaging of 
these U-Boxes also comply with international standards 
including Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) and 
Registration and European Union’s Evaluation, Authorisation 
and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) while most electronic 
components used within these decoders are also Waste 
Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) compliant. In 
FY24, we implemented a 2-phased initiative to minimise 
usage of plastic packaging for our products, resulting in a 
58% and 97% reduction in plastic packaging for our Ultra Box 
and Astro Fibre router, respectively.
Concurrently, we have been collecting old decoders for 
refurbishment and redeployment since FY21, thereby setting 
up circularity of decoders. Decoders that are beyond feasible 
repair are disposed to our Department of Environment-
certified e-waste disposal and recycling vendor. In FY24, 
we have discontinued the refurbishment activities for older, 
discontinued decoders (i.e., DMT4, DMT5 & HD Zapper). We 
have reworked a total of 14,000 units of our latest U-Boxes.
Refurbished DisposedReworked 
FY24FY23FY22
Water consumption (‘000 m3)
132.3 
151.3
129.3 
148.9
121.3 
14.5 
3.3 
139.1
Water consumption decreased by 8.1% in FY24 mainly 
due to water conservation efforts conducted. This includes 
utilisation of our 13,500 litre rainwater harvesting system 
in AABC that enables collection of rainwater for use in daily 
cleaning and landscape maintenance. All restrooms within 
AABC and ACBC are also equipped with motion-sensor 
water faucets and toilet flushing systems to minimise water 
usage while ensuring cleanliness. The water consumption 
intensity increased by 2.2% to 40.5 m 3 per RM million  
of revenue.
AABC ACBC BSCC
FY24FY23FY22
Packaging for our Astro Fibre router and Ultra Box were revamped to 
minimise use of plastics
16.8 
2.2 
17.2 
2.4 

---- Page 73 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
71
Talent acquisition, development and engagement
At the heart of Astro’s success and growth lies our dedicated team of employees. Beyond mere 
recruitment to bring in talents with diverse backgrounds and experiences, we dedicate ourselves to 
the ongoing development and active engagement of high-performing talents. Our goal is to cultivate 
Astro’s culture as an exemplary workplace where the well-being and professional growth of our 
employees take centre stage. Through comprehensive development programmes, we empower our 
staff to unleash their full potential.
Management Approach for Material Matters
Our approach
In full compliance with local labour and employment regulations, we prioritise extensive learning initiatives tailored to all tiers of 
our workforce – fostering growth alongside equitable benefits. Complemented by robust engagement efforts, we are committed 
to cultivating a culture of continuous learning and inclusivity. We are also focused on building the right capabilities to grow and 
expand the business, which involves sourcing for internal as well as external talents, as well as continuous training opportunities 
for employees. 
Developing our talent pool 
Our learning and development initiatives are strategically designed to consistently support the professional growth of our people 
across all job levels. We are actively cultivating talent through a variety of programmes, including internships, graduate initiatives, 
and specific departmental initiatives. We invest in skills development that covers functional and technical proficiencies, soft skills, 
compliance training, and operational on-the-job training.
Simultaneously, our commitment to Astro leaders remains steadfast, with ongoing investments in specialised learning programmes 
tailored to their functions. These include industry-based programmes that encompass a spectrum of topics including market 
landscape analysis, sales and marketing strategies, technology, and digital skills. Astro leaders continually augment their expertise, 
establishing themselves as authorities and thought leaders by actively contributing to conferences, delivering keynote sessions,  
and leading forums and discussions, thereby showcasing their knowledge in specialised domains. 
Equitable remuneration and benefits 
Astro complies with all applicable laws pertaining to labour, including those relating to the minimum wage and benefits as 
prescribed by the law. Our employment policies are published in our Employee Handbook made available to all employees via 
our intranet, through which we reinforce our belief in equity, diversity, inclusion and transparency. We also conduct periodic 
reviews and benchmark internal remuneration packages against market standards to ensure our renumeration structure remains 
competitive. Through this mechanism, we are also able to narrow pay gaps that may exist among employees with a similar  
job scope.
Our employee benefits include core and flexible benefits that serve to support the well-being and unique needs of Team Astro. 
Core benefits includes insurance coverage for medical, life and personal accident. Flexible benefit points, provided to all employees 
via our proprietary benefits portal myChoice@Astro, can be utilised for additional insurance coverage, health, technology,  
financial, wellness and leisure products and services. Team Astro also enjoy monthly meal allowances and subsidised rates on 
Astro products and services.

---- Page 74 ----
72
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Management Approach for Material Matters
Fostering an engaged Team Astro 
Our employee engagement strategy centres around our corporate values of creativity, inclusivity, and accountability, fostering 
empathy and a strong bond within Team Astro. They are our key drivers for business performance and delivering an outstanding 
customer experience. 
Our annual People Survey and accompanying pulse survey provides a platform for employees to express their views about life  
at Astro, recording a solid and consistent response rate of 91% in FY24. Based on the feedback garnered, we prioritise well-being 
and regular communication and our engagement priorities are designed to improve on these areas. 
We conduct employee engagements including quarterly Group-wide townhalls and a monthly morning coffee hour with the  
GCEO and SL T. In FY24, we launched the Astro MVP Award to celebrate our colleagues who strive for excellence and are culture 
carriers. We also organise festive celebrations, yoga and workout sessions for Team Astro throughout the year. 
Prioritising Team Astro’s well-being 
The well-being and safety of our employees remain a top priority. We provide them with access to activities such as fitness  
sessions, webinars, and complimentary access to psychologists, counsellors, career coaches and nutritionists to support their 
physical and mental well-being. Since the inception of our Happy Mind programme in partnership with Naluri in 2020, a total of 
450 employees have completed 411 hours of therapy sessions to promote better mental health and stress management. 
Nurturing future talent 
Astro places significant emphasis on ensuring a sustainable talent pool for the future. Since 2005, we played our part in nurturing a 
total of 186 potential and talented young Malaysians by investing over RM49 million into our young talent programmes. 
In line with our commitment in championing education for all, we have relaunched the Astro Scholarship Programme in FY24, 
awarding scholarships to seven bright and deserving students from B40 households to pursue their tertiary education in Malaysia.
In FY24, we recorded an average of 10.3 hours learning 
hours per employee across all learning platforms, up 
35%. We encourage Team Astro to take responsibility 
for their professional development, facilitated through a 
comprehensive array of learning formats – virtual, in-person, 
instructor-led, and on-the-job training, including:
1
Astro corporate onboarding and induction 
programme for management, executives and 
non-executives
2 Curated leadership development programmes 
for senior and middle management
3 Upskilling programmes on technical courses 
related to job functions
4 Upskilling via professional certification on IT and 
soft skills
5 Continuous learning programmes through our 
digital learning platforms
6 Webinars from subject-matter experts and 
industry leaders
Headcount Turnover
FY24FY23FY22
12%14%14%
2,887 
3,623 
4,191 
Average learning hours
10.3
3.4
7.6
FY24FY23FY22
Our performance
Headcount & Turnover

---- Page 75 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
73
Diversity, equity & inclusion
Astro values diversity and inclusion as integral components of our strategy for developing a robust 
talent pool that brings together individuals from various backgrounds and with diverse experiences. 
Our primary focus is to foster a cohesive and collaborative team that actively contributes towards 
our journey of transformation, simultaneously ensuring customer satisfaction and community 
empowerment. At Astro, merit-based job progression is the foundation that guides our decision-
making process, promoting fairness at all organisational levels.
Our approach
We take pride in embracing and promoting the unique qualities and perspectives that each member of Team Astro brings, 
as exemplified by the composition of our team. We are committed to upholding fair employment practices, providing equal  
opportunities to all individuals irrespective of their race, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, disability, social class or nationality. 
Fostering diversity, inclusion and human rights 
Astro respects the rights and well-being of our employees and the community we impact through our actions. We are committed 
to providing a workplace that is free from harassment and bullying so our employees are respected and can thrive in a safe 
and inclusive workplace and culture. There are internal policies and structures in place to provide employees and talents a safe 
environment to report any inappropriate behaviour.
Our performance
Gender composition
Male
Female
FY23 49%
51%FY22 51%
49% FY2451%
49%
Management Approach for Material Matters
In FY24, all 59 cases (FY23:107 cases) lodged relating to breaches of policies and procedures, harassment and negligence as  
well as other issues were fully resolved. We comply with all applicable laws and regulations including the Employment Act 1955. 
Female representation in senior management
50%
46%
43%
Age composition
373736
19%
50%
26%
5%
21%
51%
23%
5%
23%
52%
21%
4%
Average 
age
FY24FY23FY22 FY24FY23FY22
<30 31 – 40 41 – 50 >50

---- Page 76 ----
74
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Management Approach for Material Matters
Community development
At Astro we are committed to be an inclusive and responsible corporate citizen by enriching the lives 
of the communities in which we operate, through community and impact programmes with a focus on 
education, forest conservation, being a voice for good and donations to the less privileged. 
Our approach
Astro and its foundation Yayasan Astro Kasih continue to 
strengthen their commitment to support local communities 
based on three of Astro’s ESG Pillars, namely Voice for Good, 
Education for All and Community Development.
Voice for Good 
We recognise that we have a unique 
responsibility as the nation’s leading media 
and content platform, to deliver impactful 
messaging to influence and drive positivity in 
our community. 
Education for All
We invest in education because we believe 
it serves as a catalyst for building a brighter 
future for our children, who will go on to form 
a high-quality talent pool for our nation. 
Community Development
We aspire to build sustainable communities 
and create a lasting impact on society while 
providing emergency relief assistance to our 
community when the need arises.
Further information on our RimbaKita environmental advocacy initiative 
can be found in the Management Approach: Climate Change sub-section 
on pages 63 to 68
Our performance
We launched our RimbaKita initiative and created a  
dedicated On Demand rail filled with a library of impactful 
environmental documentaries like The Conservationist, 
Bornean Elephants – A Journey Through a Living Landscape, 
Wang Kelian, and Finding Solo and many more. Our hope is 
that through these documentaries, Malaysians will be more 
informed about environmental challenges and be inspired to 
work together for a sustainable future. 
Astro AWANI via AWANI Green Action fostered a strategic 
partnership with UN Habitat, the United Nations programme 
for human settlements and sustainable urban development, 
and the World Economic Forum (WEF). Awani continues 
to focus on ESG, UNSDG and content and campaigns to 
combat climate change across Astro AWANI’s TV and digital  
content offerings including coverage of the United Nations 
Habitat Assembly in Nairobi, Kenya; COP28, the United 
Nations Climate Change Conference in Dubai, United Arab 
Emirates, and extensive flood coverage in the East Coast and 
Southern Peninsular (Johor).
Recognising the power of sports in uniting people, Astro 
broadcasts inspiring stories for our National Day (Merdeka) 
campaign. Our #DemiNegaraku capsules featured Lego 
Sam, a Gold Medallist at the SEA Games 2023; Pavitrah, the 
Best Young Player in the 2022 sooka Netball Super League;  
Mohd Rizzua Haizad a talented Malaysian hurdler; and 
Syaqiera Mashayikh, Malaysian archer and 2020 Summer 
Olympics qualifier, as they proudly represented Malaysia on 
the international sporting stage. 
Utilising our multiplatform reach on TV, radio and digital, 
we broadcast 7,770 hours of public service announcements 
(PSA) and over 2,000 hours of ESG-related content in FY24 
to raise awareness on crucial environmental, social, civic and 
governance issues. 
We make available 13,100 educational On Demand videos, 
with over RM136 million invested over the past 13 years on 
our TV platform. These include favourites such as our flagship 
Astro Tutor TV and Astro Ceria channels.
Astro takes an interest in promoting education through 
sports with Astro Kem Badminton (AKB), which to date, has 
trained 19,600 children between the ages of 10-12 years. In 
FY24, 1,600 children participated in our badminton camps 
nationwide with the top 50 talents selected for the Final 
Training Camp and Tournament in Kuala Lumpur. As testament 
to the positive impact of AKB on Malaysian badminton and 
the part it plays in inspiring young players, 40 AKB alumni  
currently represent Malaysia on the national team. 
AKB participants being trained by former national coaches

---- Page 77 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
75
We continue to serve the three Astro Hostel school communities, which we established in 2010 to support students living in 
remote interiors, by providing an environment conducive for learning. In FY24, 375 students at SK Magandai and SK Malinsau in 
Sabah, as well as SK Sungai Paku in Sarawak benefitted from our educational initiatives. These hostels also collectively enabled  
206 students from these schools to save about 113,000 hours per year in commuting time that can be repurposed towards 
educational activities. We also provided an education incentive worth RM500 each for the top three students in each of our hostels 
to motivate them to achieve academic excellence. 
Astro Kasih piloted a community reading programme with MyReaders and AjarLokal in FY24, aiming to provide literacy intervention 
to children in B40 communities. All students that were onboarded successfully completed the 20-week programme with an  
average additional reading time of 21 hours per student. A vast majority, or 93.3% of these students achieved growth in overall 
proficiency for their reading skills based on their year group.
Management Approach for Material Matters
Health and Safety
We prioritise the health and safety of our employees and contractors in our business operations 
and facilities. By ensuring a healthy, safe and conducive workplace, we aim to prevent injuries and 
illnesses among those working within our premises, which ultimately leads to increased efficiency and  
well-being.
Our approach
Our Health and Safety Policy outlines how our business operations are conducted in a safe manner, through the implementation 
of various measures and controls by all levels of our workforce. We have established the Occupational Safety, Health and  
Environment Management Systems (OSHEMS), which conforms to the Occupational Safety and Health (OSHA) Act 1994,  
ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management System and ISO 14001:2015 Environment Management System 
standards. Occupational Safety, Health and Environment (OSHE) Committees are present throughout our divisions and locations 
and quarterly meetings are conducted with representatives from Management to ensure that performance and overall direction  
are discussed at all levels.
Astro awarded a total of seven scholarships in FY24 for B40 
tertiary students pursuing their degree in local private and 
public universities, with a focus on skill sets and qualifications 
related to the media entertainment industry. 
In FY24, Astro invested over RM329,000 in community impact 
programmes involving 27 charities. Among the notable 
contributions made were to the Humanitarian Trust Fund 
for the People of Palestine and donating 1,000 servings of 
bubur lambuk to 120 individuals from two orphanages and 
single mothers’ associations at Masjid Nurul Ehsan Taman 
Medan during Ramadan. Astro continued to support the 
development of local artistes through its contribution to the 
Krishen Jit Fund. We harness the passion of Team Astro 
by including staff volunteers in community initiatives and 
collectively contributed 2,232 hours of volunteerism in FY24.
Team Astro volunteers helping to improve literacy amongst students

---- Page 78 ----
76
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Management Approach for Material Matters
While periodic workplace inspection is part of the practice 
carried out by the OSHE Team and OSHE Committee, 
we also foster a reporting culture where workers can 
report incidents, accidents and matters related to work 
safety without fear of reprisal. Channels for reporting and 
communication including contacts for emergencies have  
been established. 
As part of our efforts to educate and inculcate workplace 
safety, Team Astro is required to undertake and pass a 
compulsory OSHE training module online annually. Optional 
OSHE training such as fire safety, first aid, emergency 
response and OSH internal audit are also available for 
employees looking to upskill themselves in these areas 
as well as to ensure our talents are always prepared  
during emergencies.
The Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment, and Risk Control 
(HIRARC) process is regularly reviewed and assessed to 
ensure that it remains relevant in identifying all potential 
hazards and providing effective mitigation measures.  
HIRARC is required in the permit-to-work process to 
predetermine and consider all hazards and risks in advance 
so that the appropriate precautions can be taken.
At Astro, we put staff health as our priority with medical care 
readily available for our employees. Along with allocation 
for health screening and medical surveillance, we provide 
an infirmary with an in-house registered nurse at the main 
office for all Astro employees to seek medical attention or 
consultation as needed. Additionally, we provide the relevant 
and necessary health and safety training throughout the 
year to employees and contractors. Our training programmes 
include both knowledge-based and skills-based training, 
covering topics such as emergency response, hazard and 
risk management, as well as health awareness. These 
programmes are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure their 
relevance to our employees and businesses.
As part of our compliance to the Environment Management 
System Standards, we also carry out Environment Aspect 
Impact assessment internally on regular basis.
Further information on our approach and performance can be found under 
the Management Approach: Responsible Environment Management  
sub-section on pages 69 to 70
Our Group intranet, accessible by all employees, is regularly 
updated and contains all safety and health related information 
including relevant requirements and guidelines.
Our performance
Health and safety training
In FY24, a total of 439 employees participated in various 
training programmes on health and safety standards.
Work-related injuries
Astro aims to ensure that all employees return home safely 
at the end of the day, which is why we strive to maintain 
zero fatalities annually by preventing and minimising  
workplace incidents. We maintain a record of zero fatal 
accidents since FY22.
We recorded one case of occupational lost time injury in 
FY24 as compared to two cases in FY23. This unfortunate 
event occurred during a production activity with an 
employee sustaining an ergonomic issue i.e. severe backache 
during loading and unloading of luggage and equipment.  
A detailed investigation was conducted to identify the cause 
and systemic failures and corrective measures were duly 
taken, including the provision of supply of the correct tools 
and equipment with effective periodical ergonomic training 
for employees. Although this case has been classified 
as non-occupational by the occupational health doctor,  
we treat this as equally important as an occupational case. 
We are strengthening preventive measures to avoid any 
future recurrence.
Number of lost time injuries
FY24FY23
12
FY24FY23
0.020.04
Lost time incident rate (LTIR)

---- Page 79 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
77
Cybersecurity & data privacy
Protecting the privacy and confidentiality of the data entrusted to us by our customers, employees, 
and other stakeholders is very important to us. In navigating today’s intricate world of advanced 
technology, Astro remains committed to fostering ethical business practices and embodying 
good corporate citizenship. These principles are seamlessly integrated into our cybersecurity and 
data privacy strategy, operations, and management to instill confidence and assurance among  
stakeholders and serve as the cornerstone for driving value creation in the long run.
Our approach
Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity governance, management and continuous 
improvement activities are an integral part of our Group’s 
aim to achieve sound cybersecurity practices including  
up-to-date cybersecurity posture. The Cybersecurity team 
stays vigilant against the latest security threats, including 
vulnerability risks, and has in place an established process to 
manage emerging cybersecurity threats to our Group, both 
internally and externally, and safeguard our customer data, 
content and assets. This process undergoes regular reviews, 
updates and testing to ensure its effectiveness. This includes 
implementing applications and systems security reviews, 
conducting security awareness, vulnerability assessments 
and penetration test exercises, ensuring adequate security 
controls relating to our Group’s projects and managing a 24/7 
security operation centre.
Our Group also complies with the relevant regulatory 
and industry security programmes such as Information 
Security Management System (ISMS) ISO/IEC 27001:2013 
and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard 
v3.2.1 and benchmarks our security programmes against 
industry best practices. The Cybersecurity team actively 
collaborates with MCMC’s Network Security Center (NSC) on  
cybersecurity-related matters.
A monthly update is provided to the SL T for strategic  
oversight on our Group’s logical and cybersecurity 
management practices, ensuring effective handling of 
potential threats like user access issues, content piracy, 
and cyberbreaches. Concurrently, the Cybersecurity team 
collaborates with the Human Capital team to educate and 
communicate cybersecurity and Personal Data Protection 
Act 2010 (PDPA) requirements across our Group on an  
ongoing basis to heighten awareness and compliance while 
enhancing control. All security incidents are reported directly 
to SL T with action plans monitored to satisfactory resolution.
Data privacy
In the face of increasing technological integration and the 
corresponding surge in cyber threats, we prioritise information 
security as a key focus area. Our established security policies, 
rules, technology controls and mandatory annual online 
assessments protect our Group’s data from unauthorised 
access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification 
and accidental loss. 
The Personal Data Protection Committee meets at least 
monthly to discuss data-related issues to ensure continuous 
compliance and conformance to the PDPA. All employees, 
data processors and data owners who have access to and 
are associated with the processing of our Group’s data are 
obliged to respect its confidentiality.
The Information Classification and Control Policy (ICP)  
provides direction and guidance for the classification, 
management and control of information utilised within 
our Group. This protects and preserves the security of 
information from being wrongly disseminated or distributed  
to unauthorised parties. All employees are required to 
complete mandatory training on the collection, possession, 
processing and use of personal data as well as handling, 
managing and control of the information that is collected  
and stored pursuant to the PDPA and ICP. 
The Cybersecurity team regularly conducts employee training 
and awareness campaigns focusing on the importance 
of data privacy. Continuous investments to improve our 
technology infrastructure and security controls form part of 
our Group’s commitment towards ensuring customer data 
privacy and security.
Management Approach for Material Matters

---- Page 80 ----
78
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Our performance
Enhancement of Cloud Security 
Posture for visibility, control, and 
compliance across all our Group’s 
cloud assets 
Implementation of industry 
best practices to enhance and  
standardise security baseline 
implementation within our Group 
Continuous fortification of our 
Group’s cybersecurity system  
through cybersecurity exercises 
involving our Group’s systems, 
applications, and infrastructure 
to minimise the risk of service 
interruption arising from malicious 
activities, cyberattacks and malware
Successful completion of the 
annual ISMS ISO/IEC 27001:2013 
certification by SIRIM with zero  
Non-Conformance Report (NCR)
Engagement of independent experts 
to perform cyber vulnerability scans 
and tests on an ongoing basis to 
provide assurance on our Group’s 
cybersecurity governance
Review of our Group’s existing 
password policy to further enhance 
Astro’s cybersecurity posture 
Vendor and supply chain management
Astro is committed to advancing responsible procurement practices and bolstering the resilience 
of our supply chain as we actively integrate sustainability elements across every stage of our  
procurement lifecycle. We firmly believe in working towards a practical method of engagement, 
focusing on Astro’s supplier base that can materially affect our ESG footprint, and can also be 
reasonably influenced by Astro.
Our approach
Recognising the importance of sustainable supply chain 
and vendor management to our Group’s long-term success,  
Astro’s dedication to responsible business practices is 
reflected through several key initiatives:
• We proactively collaborate with our suppliers to evaluate 
opportunities to incorporate ESG considerations in 
their supply of products or services to Astro; such as  
sustainable packaging and more. A harmonious balance 
between ESG differentiators and sourcing affordability 
is maintained to ensure a sustainable yet economically  
viable procurement approach
• Astro maintains a strong focus on ethical business 
practices and governance, where suppliers are obliged to 
adhere to Astro’s CoBE
• All prospective vendors are subject to an onboarding 
assessment and screening process to ensure their 
competence, commercial competitiveness and ability 
meet our Group’s requirements. Third-party CoBE, due 
diligence questionnaire and vendor integrity pledge are 
included in the onboarding process to capture vendors’ 
formal affirmation to comply with the principles of Astro  
Anti-Corruption Framework (AACF) and refrain from 
engaging in any act of bribery, corruption or fraud in 
dealing with our Group
Our performance
Astro has undergone a transformation from traditional 
procurement to strategic sourcing, placing emphasis 
on establishing clear planning, pipelines, end-to-end 
partnerships and lifecycle management. This shift sets 
a new foundational baseline for enhanced risk, cost and  
supplier management.
Management Approach for Material Matters

---- Page 81 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
79
Internal Assurance Statement
Statement of Assurance on AMH Group’s Sustainability Report
The Corporate Assurance Team has performed an internal review to validate whether:
a) all established Bursa Common Sustainability Matters (BCSM) and accompanying Bursa Common Indicators (BCI) reported in 
the Integrated Annual Report 2024 are in all material respects in accordance with Bursa Malaysia’s Sustainability Reporting 
requirements; and
b) internal controls are effective in managing and supporting AMH Group’s Sustainability Reporting.
This Statement of Assurance has been recommended by the ARC and approved by the Board.
Sustainability Matters
The scope of the internal review covered FY24 disclosures for 9 out of 11 BCSM, as indicated in the table below. BCSM No. 10 
and BCSM No. 11 have been voluntarily disclosed. Moreover, BCSM No. 11 has been externally assured by British Standards  
Institutions Services Malaysia (BSI Malaysia), whose Independent Limited Assurance Statement is set out on pages 81 to 83.
Bursa Common 
Sustainability Matters 
(BCSM) Bursa Common Indicators (BCI)
1 Anti-Corruption • Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
• Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks 
• Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken
2 Community / Society • Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the  
listed issuer 
• Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities 
3 Diversity • Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category 
• Percentage of directors by gender and age group
4 Energy 
Management
• Total energy consumption
5 Health 
and Safety
• Number of work-related fatalities 
• Lost time incident rate 
• Number of employees trained on health and safety standards
6 Labour Practices and 
Standards 
• Total hours of training by employee category 
• Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff 
• Total number of employee turnover by employee category
• Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations
7 Supply Chain 
Management
• Proportion of spending on local suppliers 

---- Page 82 ----
80
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Internal Assurance Statement
Bursa Common 
Sustainability Matters 
(BCSM) Bursa Common Indicators (BCI)
8 Data Privacy 
and Security
• Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and loss of 
customer data
9 Water • Total volume of water used
10 Waste 
Management
• Total waste generated, and a breakdown of the following: 
a) Total waste diverted from disposal
b) Total waste directed to disposal
This BCSM is currently a voluntary disclosure item as per Practice Note 9 of the Bursa Malaysia 
Main Market Listing Requirements, and has not been internally or externally assured
11 Emissions This BCSM has been externally assured by BSI Malaysia
Please refer to pages 81 to 83 for BSI Malaysia’s Independent Limited Assurance Statement
In total, 9 BCSM (out of 11 BCSM), and 21 BCI (out of 23 BCI), have been internally assured
The boundary of the internal review encompassed all of Astro Group’s business entities and locations, including subsidiaries 
where we have operational control, except for BCI reviewed under energy management, water and emissions, whereby only 
All Asia Broadcast Centre (AABC) in Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur, Astro Cyberjaya Broadcast Centre (ACBC) in Cyberjaya, Selangor  
and Bangsar South Contact Centre (BSCC), Kuala Lumpur were covered. The rationale for the reduced boundary for these BCI 
is based on our Group having control over resource usage in these facilities, whereas other offices are rented spaces located in 
buildings with shared amenities. In FY24, AABC, ACBC and BSCC housed 78% of Astro Group employees. 
Standards and References Adopted
The internal review was performed based on the following standards and references:
a) Internal audit standard and benchmark: International Professional Practices Framework (IPPF);
b) Bursa Malaysia Sustainability Reporting Guide – 3rd Edition 2022; and
c) Bursa Malaysia Sustainability Reporting Toolkits.
Procedures Performed
The internal review consisted of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for the preparation of the Sustainability Matters 
presented in the Sustainability Report, and applying evidence-gathering procedures, as appropriate, including:
a) Walk-through tests;
b) Enquiries and interviews of relevant Management personnel in charge of the subject matter data collection, collation and 
reporting; and
c) Verification and validation of underlying records, information and data.
Restriction of Use
This Statement of Assurance shall not be copied, referred to or disclosed, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent.

---- Page 83 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
81
Independent Limited Assurance Statement
 
 
 
Verification Report 
 
Verification Opinion 
 
Verified as Satisfactory 
Based on the process and procedures 
conducted, there is no evidence that 
the GHG statement contained in the 
“Carbon and Water Footprint 
Assessment (CWFA) for Financial Year 
(FY) 2024” produced by Astro Malaysia 
Holdings Berhad 
• is not materially correct and is a fair representation of GHG data and 
information. 
 
• has not been prepared in accordance with ISO14064-1: 2018 and its 
principles.  
 
The following improvements were 
raised in relation to future reporting. 
  
Effectively managing activity data requires regular reviews and updates to 
ensure they accurately reflect current processes. Incorporating continuous 
improvement strategies is essential for optimizing data management 
Lead Verifier Shaiful Rahman 
Verifier Salmiah Hasbullah 
Independent Reviewer Naris Lapsunthornphithak 
Signed on behalf of BSI Evelyn Chye - Managing Director, Malaysia 
 
 
 
 
Issue Date 22 April 2024 
BSI Malaysia Suite 29.01, Level 29, The Gardens North Tower, Mid Valley City, Lingkaran Syed Putra, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, 
Malaysia. 
NOTE: BSI Malaysia is independent to and has no financial interest in Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad. This third-party 
Verification Opinion has been prepared for Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad only for the purposes of verifying its statement 
relating to its GHG emissions more particularly described in the scope above. It was not prepared for any other purpose. In 
making this Statement, BSI Malaysia has assumed that all information provided to it by Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad is 
true, accurate and complete. BSI Malaysia accepts no liability to any third party who places reliance on this statement. 
 
CFV 803946 22042024 
 
Verification Engagement 
 
Organization  Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad 
Responsible party  Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad 
Verification Objectives To express an opinion on whether the organizational GHG Statement which is historical 
in nature: 
 
• Is accurate, materially correct and is a fair representation of GHG data and 
information 
 
• Has been prepared in accordance with ISO14064-1: 2018 and ASTRO’s GHG 
Measurement and Management Procedure HC/F/ESG/001, Rev 01 the criteria used 
by BSI to verify the GHG Organizational Statement 
Materiality Level 5% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the second year running, our Group obtained an independent limited assurance from BSI Malaysia against ISO 14064-1:2018 
for our reported GHG emissions in FY24. Their report is as follows:

---- Page 84 ----
82
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Independent Limited Assurance Statement
 
 
 
Level of Assurance Limited 
Verification evidence gathering 
procedures • Evaluation of the monitoring and controls systems through interviewing employees, 
observation & inquiry 
• Verification of the data through sampling recalculation, retracing, cross checking, 
and reconciliation  
Verification Standards The verification was carried out in accordance with ISO 14064 -3: 2019 and ISO 14065: 
2020 
Note: Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the GHG statement and 
report in accordance with the agreed criteria. BSI is responsible for expressing an opinion on the GHG statement based on 
the verification. 
 
Organizational GHG Statement 
 
Organization  Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad 
All Asia Broadcast Centre (AABC) 
Technology Park Malaysia 
57000 Bukit Jalil Petaling Jaya 
Selangor, Malaysia. 
Organizations GHG Report containing GHG 
Statement 
Carbon and Water Footprint Assessment (CWFA) for Financial Year (FY) 
2024” produced by Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad 
Organizational Boundary Operational Control 
Locations included in the Organizational 
Boundary  
Refer Appendix A 
Scope of activities:  
 
Media, entertainment, and content company in the TV, over-the-top 
(“OTT”), radio, digital, and commerce space 
Reporting 
Boundary: 
 
Direct GHG Emissions  • Mobile combustion from company vehicles 
• Stationary combustion from fixed gensets at AABC and ACBC 
• LPG consumption from cafeteria at ACBC 
• Fugitive emissions from leakage of refrigerants at AABC 
Indirect GHG emissions from 
imported energy  
Purchased electricity from Tenaga Nasional Berhad (TNB) for buildings 
operation within the reporting boundary 
Indirect GHG emissions from 
transportation 
• Transport-related activities by third -party installers based on the 
estimation of total distance travelled. 
• Transport related activities by Astro’s employees for business 
purposes, primarily from air flights 
• Employee commuting from home to their respective workplaces 
 Indirect GHG emissions from 
products used by the 
organization 
• Disposal and treatment of waste generated at AABC 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


---- Page 85 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
83
Independent Limited Assurance Statement
 
 
 
Exclusions from Reporting Boundary: 
 
 
Direct Emission: Justification for exclusion 
 
• LPG records from the AABC cafeteria were not accessible due to 
operational change from cafeteria operator 
 
• Maintenance records for fire suppression equipment were 
unavailable, and a third -party contractor is currently engaged to 
establish a data collection process. 
 
• Records of refrigerant refill for ACBC were unavailable, and a third-
party contractor is currently engaged to establish a data collection 
process. 
 
• Fuel consumption data for promotional trucks and mobile generators 
is being improved by Astro, an d this source will be included in the  
data collection for the next reporting cycle. 
 
• Indirect GHG emissions associated with the use of products from the 
organization. 
 
Indirect Emission: Justification for exclusion 
 
• Based on evaluation of significance indirect emission criteria  
Criteria for developing the organizational GHG 
Inventory: 
ISO14064-1:2018 
 
Reporting Period 01/02/2023 – 31/01/2024 
 
Summary of GHG Emissions (Location Based) 
 
Category Tonne CO2e 
Direct emissions   673.1 
Indirect emissions from imported energy  21,779.5 
Indirect GHG emissions from transportation  5,869.90 
Indirect GHG emissions from products used by the organization 38.7 
Total  28,361.20 
 
Notes: 
Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad has demonstrated avoidance emissions totalling 2,111.8 tCO2e. The breakdown consists of 
928.55 tCO2e from the purchase of Renewable Energy Certificate (REC) from TNBX Sdn. Bhd. representing 1,225,000 kWh of 
electricity generated from renewable resources, and 1,183.2 tCO2e from the export of electricity generated through self-
consumption of solar PV generation at AABC. This was verified through evidence gathering activities aligned with the verified 
emissions. 
APPENDIX A - List of Sites 
No. Site and address Main activities 
1. Astro Cyberjaya Broadcast Centre (ACBC) 
Jalan Teknokrat 1/2, Cyberjaya,  
63000 Cyberjaya, Selangor. 
Broadcasting 
2. Bangsar South Contact Centre (BSCC) 
3, Jalan Kerinchi Kiri, Bangsar South,  
59200 Kuala Lumpur,  
Wilayah Persekutuan Kuala Lumpur 
Call Centre 
 


---- Page 86 ----
84
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Management Percentage 100.00 100.00
Executive Percentage 100.00 100.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Percentage 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage - 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 1 1
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR 437,000.00 269,000.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 22 25
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Management Under 30 Percentage 0.40 0.50
Management Between 30-40 Percentage 8.70 8.00
Management Between 41 - 50 Percentage 7.90 8.20
Management Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.10
Executive Under 30 Percentage 13.60 11.50
Executive Between 30-40 Percentage 34.10 34.10
Executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 12.90 14.40
Executive Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.40
Non-executive Under 30 Percentage 7.10 7.40
Non-executive Between 30-40 Percentage 7.90 8.10
Non-executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 2.60 2.80
Non-executive Above 50 Percentage 0.60 0.50
Gender Group by Employee Category
Management Male Percentage 10.10 10.20
Management Female Percentage 8.90 8.60
Executive Male Percentage 30.60 30.00
Executive Female Percentage 32.20 32.40
Non-executive Male Percentage 10.10 10.60
Non-executive Female Percentage 8.10 8.20
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 55.60 71.40
Female Percentage 44.40 28.60
40-50 Percentage 11.10 14.30
51 - 60 Percentage 66.70 71.40
Above 60 Percentage 22.20 14.30
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 31,363.00 30,294.00
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0 0
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.04 0.02
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number 2,701 439
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Management Hours - 4,778
Executive Hours - 38,029
Non-executive Hours - 14,189
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 6.00 6.60
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Management Number 139 226
Executive Number 756 630
Non-executive Number 277 281
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 53.00 50.80
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 151.421000 139.073000
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 83.70 85.60
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Management Percentage 100.00 100.00
Executive Percentage 100.00 100.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Percentage 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage - 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 1 1
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR 437,000.00 269,000.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 22 25
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Management Under 30 Percentage 0.40 0.50
Management Between 30-40 Percentage 8.70 8.00
Management Between 41 - 50 Percentage 7.90 8.20
Management Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.10
Executive Under 30 Percentage 13.60 11.50
Executive Between 30-40 Percentage 34.10 34.10
Executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 12.90 14.40
Executive Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.40
Non-executive Under 30 Percentage 7.10 7.40
Non-executive Between 30-40 Percentage 7.90 8.10
Non-executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 2.60 2.80
Non-executive Above 50 Percentage 0.60 0.50
Gender Group by Employee Category
Management Male Percentage 10.10 10.20
Management Female Percentage 8.90 8.60
Executive Male Percentage 30.60 30.00
Executive Female Percentage 32.20 32.40
Non-executive Male Percentage 10.10 10.60
Non-executive Female Percentage 8.10 8.20
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 55.60 71.40
Female Percentage 44.40 28.60
40-50 Percentage 11.10 14.30
51 - 60 Percentage 66.70 71.40
Above 60 Percentage 22.20 14.30
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 31,363.00 30,294.00
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0 0
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.04 0.02
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number 2,701 439
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Management Hours - 4,778
Executive Hours - 38,029
Non-executive Hours - 14,189
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 6.00 6.60
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Management Number 139 226
Executive Number 756 630
Non-executive Number 277 281
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 53.00 50.80
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 151.421000 139.073000
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 83.70 85.60
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
(1)
Performance Data Table
(1) FY24 total amount committed of RM329,000 per page 75 includes an amount of RM60,000 disbursed in FY25
(2) Measurement unit is megawatt-hours (MWh) utilising conversion rate of 1 GJ = 0.278 MWh based on purchased and photovoltaic energy data on pages 67 and 68
(3) Utilising conversion rate of 1 tCO2e = 0.907 metric tonne based on data on page 65
(4) Scope 3 emissions for Category 7 have been expanded to include all employee commuting types in FY24 (versus shuttle bus services only in FY23) per data on page 65
Our Group is required to provide mandatory ESG disclosures as part of the MMLR, in line with Bursa Malaysia’s enhanced 
Sustainability Reporting Guide, 3rd Edition. The following performance data table, extracted from Bursa Malaysia’s ESG Reporting 
Platform, summarises indicators that are pertinent against our Material Matters on pages 55 to 57.


---- Page 87 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
85
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste diverted from disposal Metric tonnes 15.40 19.90
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste directed to disposal Metric tonnes 68.30 65.70
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 1,045.00 611.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 20,542.00 19,758.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e (at least for the categories of business travel and employee commuting) Metric tonnes 4,457.00 5,360.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Colour legend:
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Management Percentage 100.00 100.00
Executive Percentage 100.00 100.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Percentage 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage - 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 1 1
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR 437,000.00 269,000.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 22 25
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Management Under 30 Percentage 0.40 0.50
Management Between 30-40 Percentage 8.70 8.00
Management Between 41 - 50 Percentage 7.90 8.20
Management Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.10
Executive Under 30 Percentage 13.60 11.50
Executive Between 30-40 Percentage 34.10 34.10
Executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 12.90 14.40
Executive Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.40
Non-executive Under 30 Percentage 7.10 7.40
Non-executive Between 30-40 Percentage 7.90 8.10
Non-executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 2.60 2.80
Non-executive Above 50 Percentage 0.60 0.50
Gender Group by Employee Category
Management Male Percentage 10.10 10.20
Management Female Percentage 8.90 8.60
Executive Male Percentage 30.60 30.00
Executive Female Percentage 32.20 32.40
Non-executive Male Percentage 10.10 10.60
Non-executive Female Percentage 8.10 8.20
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 55.60 71.40
Female Percentage 44.40 28.60
40-50 Percentage 11.10 14.30
51 - 60 Percentage 66.70 71.40
Above 60 Percentage 22.20 14.30
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 31,363.00 30,294.00
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0 0
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.04 0.02
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number 2,701 439
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Management Hours - 4,778
Executive Hours - 38,029
Non-executive Hours - 14,189
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 6.00 6.60
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Management Number 139 226
Executive Number 756 630
Non-executive Number 277 281
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 53.00 50.80
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 151.421000 139.073000
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 83.70 85.60
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Management Percentage 100.00 100.00
Executive Percentage 100.00 100.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Percentage 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage - 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 1 1
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR 437,000.00 269,000.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 22 25
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Management Under 30 Percentage 0.40 0.50
Management Between 30-40 Percentage 8.70 8.00
Management Between 41 - 50 Percentage 7.90 8.20
Management Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.10
Executive Under 30 Percentage 13.60 11.50
Executive Between 30-40 Percentage 34.10 34.10
Executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 12.90 14.40
Executive Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.40
Non-executive Under 30 Percentage 7.10 7.40
Non-executive Between 30-40 Percentage 7.90 8.10
Non-executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 2.60 2.80
Non-executive Above 50 Percentage 0.60 0.50
Gender Group by Employee Category
Management Male Percentage 10.10 10.20
Management Female Percentage 8.90 8.60
Executive Male Percentage 30.60 30.00
Executive Female Percentage 32.20 32.40
Non-executive Male Percentage 10.10 10.60
Non-executive Female Percentage 8.10 8.20
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 55.60 71.40
Female Percentage 44.40 28.60
40-50 Percentage 11.10 14.30
51 - 60 Percentage 66.70 71.40
Above 60 Percentage 22.20 14.30
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 31,363.00 30,294.00
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0 0
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.04 0.02
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number 2,701 439
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Management Hours - 4,778
Executive Hours - 38,029
Non-executive Hours - 14,189
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 6.00 6.60
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Management Number 139 226
Executive Number 756 630
Non-executive Number 277 281
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 53.00 50.80
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 151.421000 139.073000
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 83.70 85.60
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste diverted from disposal Metric tonnes 15.40 19.90
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste directed to disposal Metric tonnes 68.30 65.70
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 1,045.00 611.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 20,542.00 19,758.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e (at least for the categories of business travel and employee commuting) Metric tonnes 4,457.00 5,360.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste diverted from disposal Metric tonnes 15.40 19.90
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste directed to disposal Metric tonnes 68.30 65.70
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 1,045.00 611.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 20,542.00 19,758.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e (at least for the categories of business travel and employee commuting) Metric tonnes 4,457.00 5,360.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Management Percentage 100.00 100.00
Executive Percentage 100.00 100.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Percentage 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage - 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 1 1
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR 437,000.00 269,000.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 22 25
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Management Under 30 Percentage 0.40 0.50
Management Between 30-40 Percentage 8.70 8.00
Management Between 41 - 50 Percentage 7.90 8.20
Management Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.10
Executive Under 30 Percentage 13.60 11.50
Executive Between 30-40 Percentage 34.10 34.10
Executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 12.90 14.40
Executive Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.40
Non-executive Under 30 Percentage 7.10 7.40
Non-executive Between 30-40 Percentage 7.90 8.10
Non-executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 2.60 2.80
Non-executive Above 50 Percentage 0.60 0.50
Gender Group by Employee Category
Management Male Percentage 10.10 10.20
Management Female Percentage 8.90 8.60
Executive Male Percentage 30.60 30.00
Executive Female Percentage 32.20 32.40
Non-executive Male Percentage 10.10 10.60
Non-executive Female Percentage 8.10 8.20
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 55.60 71.40
Female Percentage 44.40 28.60
40-50 Percentage 11.10 14.30
51 - 60 Percentage 66.70 71.40
Above 60 Percentage 22.20 14.30
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 31,363.00 30,294.00
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0 0
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.04 0.02
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number 2,701 439
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Management Hours - 4,778
Executive Hours - 38,029
Non-executive Hours - 14,189
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 6.00 6.60
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Management Number 139 226
Executive Number 756 630
Non-executive Number 277 281
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 53.00 50.80
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 151.421000 139.073000
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 83.70 85.60
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Management Percentage 100.00 100.00
Executive Percentage 100.00 100.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Percentage 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage - 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 1 1
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR 437,000.00 269,000.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 22 25
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Management Under 30 Percentage 0.40 0.50
Management Between 30-40 Percentage 8.70 8.00
Management Between 41 - 50 Percentage 7.90 8.20
Management Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.10
Executive Under 30 Percentage 13.60 11.50
Executive Between 30-40 Percentage 34.10 34.10
Executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 12.90 14.40
Executive Above 50 Percentage 2.10 2.40
Non-executive Under 30 Percentage 7.10 7.40
Non-executive Between 30-40 Percentage 7.90 8.10
Non-executive Between 41 - 50 Percentage 2.60 2.80
Non-executive Above 50 Percentage 0.60 0.50
Gender Group by Employee Category
Management Male Percentage 10.10 10.20
Management Female Percentage 8.90 8.60
Executive Male Percentage 30.60 30.00
Executive Female Percentage 32.20 32.40
Non-executive Male Percentage 10.10 10.60
Non-executive Female Percentage 8.10 8.20
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 55.60 71.40
Female Percentage 44.40 28.60
40-50 Percentage 11.10 14.30
51 - 60 Percentage 66.70 71.40
Above 60 Percentage 22.20 14.30
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 31,363.00 30,294.00
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0 0
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.04 0.02
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number 2,701 439
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Management Hours - 4,778
Executive Hours - 38,029
Non-executive Hours - 14,189
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 6.00 6.60
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Management Number 139 226
Executive Number 756 630
Non-executive Number 277 281
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 53.00 50.80
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 151.421000 139.073000
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 83.70 85.60
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2023 2024
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste diverted from disposal Metric tonnes 15.40 19.90
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste directed to disposal Metric tonnes 68.30 65.70
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 1,045.00 611.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 20,542.00 19,758.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e (at least for the categories of business travel and employee commuting) Metric tonnes 4,457.00 5,360.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
(3)
(2)
(4)
Performance Data Table


---- Page 88 ----
86
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Board of Directors
Left-Right
Matthew James Turner (Alternate Director to Lim Ghee Keong) — Lim Ghee Keong (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) — 
Mazita binti Mokty (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) — Kenneth Shen (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) —  
Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku Muhriz (Independent Non-Executive Chairman) —  
Renzo Christopher Viegas (Senior Independent Non-Executive Director) —  
Nicola Mary Bamford (Independent Non-Executive Director) — Simon Cathcart (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director)


---- Page 89 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
87
Board of Directors’ Profiles
Qualifications
• Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in History and Social & Political Sciences from the University of Cambridge, UK
• Masters in Public Administration from John F Kennedy School of Government, the Harvard  
University, USA
Experience and occupation
Tunku Ali is a Senior Advisor to TPG Capital, a global private equity firm, sitting on the boards of several 
TPG portfolio companies, including Cardiac Vascular Sentral (Kuala Lumpur) Sdn Bhd, a specialist heart 
hospital, Pathology Asia Holdings Pte Ltd, a provider of diagnostic laboratory services in Southeast  
Asia and Columbia Asia Healthcare Sdn Bhd, a hospital group. He is also Chairman of International 
Medical University (IMU), Asia Pacific University of Technology & Innovation (APU) and XCL Education 
Malaysia. Separately, Tunku Ali is a Partner at Vynn Capital, an early stage venture capital firm.
Presently, he is Pro-Chancellor of both Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia and Universiti Sains Islam 
Malaysia, Chairman of the Board of Governors of Marlborough College Malaysia, an International Council 
Member of Marlborough College, United Kingdom and an Honorary Bencher of the Inner Temple, UK.
Tunku Ali is a Founding Trustee and Chairman of Teach for Malaysia (TFM Foundation), President 
of WWF-Malaysia, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Yayasan Munarah, Chairman of Cancer  
Research Malaysia, and a Trustee of Amanah Warisan Negara (National Heritage Trust of Malaysia). 
He is also a Brigadier General and Commander of a Regiment in the Territorial Army of Malaysia.
Previously, Tunku Ali was a management consultant with McKinsey & Company and Director of 
Investments at Khazanah Nasional Berhad.
Directorships in public companies and listed issuers in Malaysia
Listed Entities Non-Listed Public Entities
• Taliworks Corporation Berhad  • Bangkok Bank Berhad
 (Independent Non-Executive Chairman) • Cancer Research Malaysia
  • TFM Foundation
Nature and extent of conflict of interest (if any)
• Nil
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Male / 46
Designation
Independent Non-Executive Chairman
• First appointment as INED on 6 May 2022
• Redesignation to Chairman on 23 June 2022
• Last re-election on 22 June 2022
Board committee(s)
* Appointed on 22 June 2023
Meeting attendance
Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku 
Muhriz
NRCGC*
6/6 1/1 2/2
Qualifications
• Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Mumbai, India
• Chartered Accountant and Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
• Member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants
Experience and occupation
Renzo has extensive experience in the banking industry and started his career with Citibank, where he 
progressively held senior positions in various Asia Pacific countries, including regional responsibilities. 
His last held position was Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Citibank Malaysia.
He joined RHB Bank Berhad as Director, Retail Banking where he managed the consumer, insurance, 
hire purchase and SME businesses. He was the Deputy Chief Executive Officer with direct oversight of 
the retail and international businesses of RHB Bank Berhad, prior to joining CIMB group.
He held various responsibilities at CIMB including as the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of CIMB Group 
and Executive Director of CIMB Bank until 2015 as well as Chief Executive Officer of Group Consumer 
Banking until 2016. He also served as Adviser to the Group Chief Executive Officer of CIMB Bank, 
responsible for the development of overall group-wide business strategies until March 2019.
Renzo was a Non-Independent Director of CIMB Bank (Vietnam) Ltd and Non-Independent Director 
of CIMB Cambodia Bank PLC. He was also a Non-Executive Director of Sun Life Malaysia Assurance 
Berhad and Sun Life Malaysia Takaful Berhad.
Directorships in public companies and listed issuers in Malaysia
Listed Entities Non-Listed Public Entities
• Manulife Holdings Berhad  • Manulife Insurance Berhad
 (Independent Non-Executive Director)
Nature and extent of conflict of interest (if any)
• Nil
Nationality / Gender / Age
Indian / Male / 62
Designation
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
• First appointment as INED on 1 December 2017
• Last re-election on 21 June 2023
Board committee(s)
* Redesignated on 22 June 2023
Meeting attendance
Renzo Christopher Viegas
ARC SBTC*NRCGC*
6/6 4/41/1 5/5 8/8
Chairman of 
Committee ARC Audit and Risk 
Committee NRCGC Nomination, Remuneration 
and Corporate Governance 
Committee
SBTC Strategy and Business 
Transformation 
Committee
Member of 
Committee
Board committee:
Board Meeting Board Strategy Offsite ARC Meeting NRCGC Meeting SBTC Meeting
Meeting attendance:


---- Page 90 ----
88
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Board of Directors’ Profiles
Qualifications
• Degree in Economics from the University of Cambridge, UK
• Master in Business Administration from the Harvard Business School, USA
Experience and occupation
Nicola has extensive international TV-related media experience. Her last role was as Chief Executive Officer, International 
Operations at Endemol Shine Group where she was responsible for the financial and operating performance of its 
companies in Iberia, France, Italy, India, China and Russia, working closely with joint venture partners in India and Russia. 
She currently advises a consultancy company on various media matters.
Previously, she was at Sky leading the team assessing opportunities for OTT expansion beyond its direct-to-home footprint 
which led to the launch of Sky Spain in 2017 and before that, managing Sky UK’s TVOD (Transactional Video-on-Demand) 
and EST (Electronic Sell-Through) business. She re-joined Sky after holding senior roles at Tata Sky in India and Sky 
Deutschland, having been Director of Channels and Operations at Sky UK. Nicola worked for News Corp in the USA and 
Disney in the UK post business school.
Directorships in public companies and listed issuers in Malaysia
Listed Entities Non-Listed Public Entities
• Nil • Nil
Nature and extent of conflict of interest (if any)
• Nil
Nationality / Gender / Age
British / Female / 58
Designation
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
• First appointment as INED 
on 6 May 2022
• Last re-election on  
22 June 2022
Board committee(s)
* Redesignated on 22 June 2023
Meeting attendance
Nicola Mary Bamford
ARC SBTC*
6/6 4/41/1 8/8
Qualifications
• Bachelor of Business Administration majoring in Finance from the University of Hawaii at Manoa, USA
Experience and occupation
Ghee Keong has more than 30 years’ experience in finance and general management. Prior to joining the Usaha Tegas 
Sdn Bhd (UTSB) group in 1995, he was attached to General Electric Capital Corporation in the USA and Ban Hin Lee Bank 
in Malaysia.
He is a Director and the Chief Operating Officer of UTSB, and serves on the boards of several other companies in which the 
UTSB group has interests. He is also a Director of Paxys Inc. (listed on the Philippines Stock Exchange).
Directorships in public companies and listed issuers in Malaysia
Listed Entities Non-Listed Public Entities
• Maxis Berhad • Nil
 (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director)
Nature and extent of conflict of interest (if any)
• Ghee Keong, a Director and Chief Operating Officer of UTSB, is UTSB’s Nominee Director on the Board of AMH. He is 
also a Director of Maxis Berhad (Maxis). UTSB is a major shareholder of AMH and Maxis, a leading integrated telco in 
Malaysia providing a variety of digital services encompassing voice, data and solutions via mobile, fixed and satellite 
broadband network.
• Ghee Keong is also a Director of MEASAT Global Network Systems Sdn Bhd, which is the ultimate holding company of 
MEASAT Satellite Systems Sdn Bhd (MSS). MSS is a key supplier of Astro.
Ghee Keong has declared his conflict of interest and has recused / will continue to recuse himself from Board deliberations 
and decisions relating to the said businesses.
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Male / 56
Designation
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
• First appointment as NINED 
on 30 September 2016
• Last re-election on  
21 June 2023
Board committee(s)
Meeting attendance
Lim Ghee Keong
NRCGC SBTC
6/6 1/1 5/5 8/8


---- Page 91 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
89
Board of Directors’ Profiles
Qualifications
• Bachelor of Arts (magna cum laude) in East Asian Languages and Civilisations (Japanese) from the Harvard College, 
USA
• Master of Business Administration from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration, USA
• Educated in Economics at the Keio University, Japan
Experience and occupation
Kenneth has more than 30 years’ investment experience (public, private, private investments in public equity (PIPEs), 
debt, equity, mezzanine and funds) as well as extensive knowledge in corporate finance, mergers & acquisitions, and  
capital markets.
He served as an Executive Director, Investments at Khazanah Nasional Berhad (Khazanah) and had principal responsibility 
for Khazanah’s investments in the creative & media and telecommunications industries as well as other sectors and 
geographies. Prior to joining Khazanah, he was a Board Member and Adviser to the Chief Executive Officer of Qatar 
Holding LLC, the principal investment vehicle of Qatar Investment Authority (QIA). He also had principal responsibility 
for QIA’s strategic and private equity investments. Prior to joining QIA, he was with Salomon Brothers and its successor 
companies based in New York and then in Hong Kong, and most recently as Co-Head of the Asia Pacific Corporate  
Finance Group at Citigroup Global Markets. Prior to Salomon, he was with Lehman Brothers based in New York in its 
merchant banking and principal investment businesses.
Kenneth is the Chairman of Astro Holdings Sdn Bhd and a Director of EDOTCO Group Sdn Bhd. He was on the boards of 
Axiata Group Berhad, PT XL Axiata Tbk, Yayasan Amir, Iskandar Malaysia Studios Sdn Bhd and various other businesses.
Directorships in public companies and listed issuers in Malaysia
Listed Entities Non-Listed Public Entities
• Nil • Nil
Nature and extent of conflict of interest (if any)
Kenneth is Khazanah’s Nominee Director on the Board of AMH. Khazanah, which is a major shareholder of AMH, has 
significant shareholding interests in companies that are engaged in similar businesses, including Telekom Malaysia Berhad 
(TM) and TIME dotCom Berhad (TIME). TM is the national connectivity and digital infrastructure provider and Malaysia’s 
leading integrated telco. TIME is a telco specialising in domestic and international connectivity, data centre, cloud and 
managed services solutions.
As a Director on the Board of AMH, Kenneth is bound by fiduciary duty and should always act in AMH’s best interests. 
In the event of any conflict between his duty to AMH and his nominator (i.e. Khazanah), he shall give precedence to his 
accountability to AMH. Additionally, Kenneth derives no compensation in any form from Khazanah nor does he have any 
financial interest in the companies identified above. Notwithstanding the above, Kenneth has opted to recuse himself from 
Board deliberations and decisions relating to the said businesses to avoid any perceived or potential conflicts of interest.
Nationality / Gender / Age
American / Male / 59
Designation
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
• First appointment as NINED 
on 16 April 2021
• Last re-election on  
24 June 2021
Board committee(s)
Meeting attendance
6/6 1/1 8/8
SBTC
Kenneth Shen
Qualifications
• Bachelor of Engineering (Electronic) (Hons) from the University of South Australia, Australia
• Master of Business Administration (Hons) from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, USA
Experience and occupation
Simon is a media executive with more than 20 years’ experience in satellite, broadcasting and telecommunications.  
He is a Co-Founder and Executive Director of Fetch TV, Australia’s second largest Pay-TV operator that provides a  
turnkey wholesale IPTV platform to all of Australia’s leading telecommunication companies.
He formerly held various engineering roles at PanAmSat and Telstra Corporation.
Simon is presently a Director and Acting Chief Executive Officer of MEASAT Satellite Services Sdn Bhd (MSS).
Directorships in public companies and listed issuers in Malaysia
Listed Entities Non-Listed Public Entities
• Nil • MEASAT Global Berhad
Nature and extent of conflict of interest (if any)
• Simon is Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd (UTSB)’s Nominee Director on the Board of AMH. UTSB is a major shareholder of AMH 
and Maxis, a leading integrated telco in Malaysia providing a variety of digital services encompassing voice, data and 
solutions via mobile, fixed and satellite broadband network.
• Simon is also a Director and Acting Chief Executive Officer of MSS, as well as a Director of MSS’s holding company, 
MEASAT Global Berhad. MSS is a key supplier of Astro. 
Simon has declared his conflict of interest and has recused / will continue to recuse himself from Board deliberations and 
decisions in relation to the said businesses.
Nationality / Gender / Age
Australian / Male / 51
Designation
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
• First appointment as NINED 
on 15 June 2017
• Last re-election on  
22 June 2022
Board committee(s)
Meeting attendance
6/6 1/1 8/8
SBTC
Simon Cathcart


---- Page 92 ----
90
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Board of Directors’ Profiles
Notes:
1. Any conflict of interest arising from related party transactions are disclosed in accordance with Chapter 10.08 and 10.09 of the MMLR
2. None of the Directors have any family relationship with any other Director and/or Major Shareholder of the Company
3. None of the Directors have any conviction for offences within the past five years
4. None of the Directors have any public sanction and/or penalty imposed on them by any regulatory body during FY24
Qualifications
• Bachelor of Commerce majoring in Commerce and Japanese from the University of Adelaide, Australia
• Member of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand
• Graduate member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors
Experience and occupation
Matthew has approximately 10 years’ operating experience across infrastructure, property and technology, media & 
telecommunications including Seven West Media Limited which is one of Australia’s most prominent media companies, 
with a market-leading presence in content production across broadcast television, publishing and digital. He was formerly 
a Partner of Deloitte Australia, specialising in tax advice for mergers & acquisitions, both in Australia and internationally.
Matthew is currently the Chief Financial Officer of Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd (UTSB). He is also a Director of TGV Cinemas 
Sdn Bhd (a subsidiary of UTSB) and Media Innovations Holdings Pty Ltd (the holding company of Fetch TV) in Australia.
Directorships in public companies and listed issuers in Malaysia
Listed Entities Non-Listed Public Entities
• Nil • Nil
Nature and extent of conflict of interest (if any)
• Matthew is the Chief Financial Officer of UTSB. UTSB is a major shareholder of AMH and Maxis, a leading integrated 
telco in Malaysia providing a variety of digital services encompassing voice, data and solutions via mobile, fixed and 
satellite broadband network.
• MEASAT Satellite Systems Sdn Bhd, which is a subsidiary of MEASAT Global Berhad, is a key supplier of Astro.
Matthew has declared his conflict of interest and in the absence of the principal director, has recused / will continue to 
recuse himself from Board deliberations and decisions relating to the said businesses.
Nationality / Gender / Age
Australian / Male / 49
Designation
Alternate Director to  
Lim Ghee Keong
• First appointment as 
Alternate Director on  
15 December 2022
Board committee(s)
• Nil
Meeting attendance
• Nil
Matthew James Turner
Qualifications
• Bachelor of Laws (Hons) from the University of Hertfordshire, UK
• Qualified as a Barrister-at-Law of the Honourable Society of Lincoln’s Inn, UK and admitted to the Bar of England and 
Wales and the High Court of Malaya
Experience and occupation
Mazita has more than 25 years’ legal and regulatory experience, primarily in corporate, commercial and banking matters, 
trusts and investments, and equity / capital markets. She is presently the Group General Counsel of Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd 
(UTSB), a Malaysia-based investment holding company which has significant interests in companies operating across 
diverse industries such as telecommunications, media and entertainment, and real estate.
Mazita serves on the boards of several companies in which the UTSB group has significant interests such as  
Astro Holdings Sdn Bhd and Tanjong Capital Sdn Bhd. Prior to joining UTSB, she was attached to an established law firm 
in Kuala Lumpur and worked with the Securities Commission of Malaysia. 
Directorships in public companies and listed issuers in Malaysia
Listed Entities Non-Listed Public Entities
• Nil • Nil
Nature and extent of conflict of interest (if any)
• Mazita, an Alternate Director and the Group General Counsel of UTSB, is UTSB’s Nominee Director on the Board of 
AMH. UTSB is a major shareholder of AMH and Maxis, a leading integrated telco in Malaysia providing a variety of 
digital services encompassing voice, data and solutions via mobile, fixed and satellite broadband network.
• Mazita is also a major shareholder of Measat Global Berhad (MGB), the holding company of MEASAT Satellite Systems 
Sdn Bhd, which is a key supplier of Astro. Notwithstanding this, Mazita does not have any economic interest in such 
MGB shares as such interest is held subject to the terms of a discretionary trust for Bumiputera objects. 
Mazita has declared her conflict of interest and has recused / will continue to recuse herself from Board deliberations and 
decisions relating to the said businesses.
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Female / 51
Designation
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
• First appointment as NINED 
on 15 February 2019
• Last re-election on  
22 June 2022
Board committee(s)
* Resigned on 22 June 2023  
and re-appointed on  
26 September 2023
Meeting attendance
Mazita binti Mokty
ARC*
6/6 3/31/1


---- Page 93 ----
Front L-R
Azreen Manap (Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Finance) — Dr. Grace Lee Hwee Ling (Group Chief Financial Officer) —  
Euan Smith (Group Chief Executive Officer) — Tai Kam Leong (Chief Sales & Marketing Officer) —  
Agnes Rozario (Director, Content) — Rita Irina Abd Wahab (Director, Regulatory and Corporate Affairs)
Back L-R
Liew Wei Yee Sharon (Company Secretary) — Mauro Di Pietro Paolo (Chief Technology Officer) — Simon Wilkes (General Counsel) — 
Tricia Lim Chiew Shia (Director, People & Workplace) — Matthew Ho (Managing Director, Astro Media Solutions) —  
Rizal Khalid (Head, Corporate Assurance) — Shahrul Imran Sultan (Director, Product Engineering) —  
Chu Young Lee (Director, sooka & NJOI) — Cynthia Seow (Director, Customer Experience & Digital) —  
Priya Dharshini Prabakaran (Acting Head, Astro Radio and SYOK)
Senior Leadership Team


---- Page 94 ----
92
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Senior Leadership Team Profiles
Euan joined as Group Chief Operating Officer and Chief 
Executive Officer, TV on 1 April 2020. On 1 February 2023  
he assumed the role of Group Chief Executive Officer.
Euan has been instrumental in building the New Astro, 
including the aggregation of multiple streaming services, 
development of the hybrid connected Ultra 4K UHD and Ulti 
HD Boxes, entry into the internet service provider market 
with Astro Fibre, the launch of our challenger OTT platform 
sooka and delivery of Malaysia’s only holistic Addressable 
Advertising service. Alongside these major innovations, 
Euan has orchestrated a significant improvement in 
customer satisfaction, and completed many cost reduction 
exercises including the modernisation of Astro’s numerous  
legacy systems.
Euan is an established media executive with a unique skill set 
spanning both business and technology in media operations 
and in transformation. In his early career, Euan held roles 
in Unilever and KPMG before moving into senior leadership 
positions with Sky UK, Sky Germany and Fox in the US. Most 
recently, Euan operated as Chief Operating Officer at Foxtel 
in Australia.
Trained at the University of Birmingham (Mechanical 
Engineering) and Harvard Business School, Euan has led 
multiple step-changes across technology, operations and 
customer service. He helped launch HD and broadband in 
the UK, played a vital role in the successful turnaround of Sky 
Germany and was instrumental in the reset of Foxtel’s product 
and technology suite.
Euan Smith
Group Chief Executive Officer
Nationality / Gender / Age
British / Male / 55
Tai joined Astro in November 2022 as Chief Sales and 
Marketing Officer.
With over two decades of experience, he spearheads sales, 
marketing and brand communications as well as commercial 
responsibilities across Pay-TV, Broadband and Enterprise 
business streams. He strives to ensure the Group maximises 
the value of Astro’s offerings by integrating marketing 
and sales efforts to deliver the best entertainment and  
connectivity experience to all Malaysians.
Prior to joining Astro, Tai was Maxis’ Head of Brand & 
Marketing and accomplished breakthroughs in Solution 
Partnerships, Innovation & Ventures and Digital Marketing 
during his stint there. Before that, he held P&L and  
operational responsibilities to develop the Home Broadband 
and Fibre business for Maxis. 
Tai also held roles in Singapore as Managing Director of  
Rapp Singapore and Chief Strategy Officer at DDB Group, 
and in Malaysia as Head of Strategic Planning at Naga DDB 
after early career stints in Leo Burnett.
Tai Kam Leong
Chief Sales & Marketing Officer
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Male / 45
Grace re-joined our Group on 1 August 2023 as Group 
Chief Operating Officer. She was appointed as Group Chief 
Financial Officer on 1 January 2024.
She was previously Chief Financial and Sustainability Officer 
of Aeon Co. (M) Bhd from 2021 to 2023. Prior to Aeon, she 
was with Astro for 21 years in various senior roles including 
Head of Process Improvement, Group Financial Controller, 
Chief Risk Officer, Chief Executive Officer of Go Shop and 
Chief Transformation Officer. She started her career as a 
consultant at the PricewaterhouseCoopers’ Assurance and 
Advisory division.
Grace holds a PhD in Business Administration from  
ELM-Graduate School, HELP University as well as a  
Bachelor’s degree in Accounting and Finance from Curtin 
University and a Master of Business Administration 
(Distinction) from Charles Sturt University, both in Australia. 
She is a Fellow Member of Certified Practicing Accountant 
(FCPA Australia), Information Systems Auditor (CISA, US) 
and is Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT, 
US). She has also attended the Harvard Senior Management 
Programme. She is an Independent Director of Tune 
Protect Group and an Industry Advisory Board member of  
HELP University.
Dr. Grace Lee Hwee Ling
Group Chief Financial Officer
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Female / 49

---- Page 95 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
93
Senior Leadership Team Profiles
Matthew joined our Group on 13 March 2024 as Managing 
Director, Astro Media Solutions.
He has worked extensively in the technology and 
media sector, blending over two decades of expertise 
in management, strategy, sales, and marketing. Prior to 
assuming his current role, his leadership at Omnicom 
Media Group, as Chief Client Officer for APAC, saw 
him spearheading expansion for global brands across  
Asia-Pacific. Matthew previously worked at Shopper360 
(SGX-Catalist listed company), where he was Group 
CEO overseeing the group’s portfolio of companies and 
orchestrating breakthroughs in corporate innovation and 
strategic growth. His tenure at Facebook (now Meta) 
saw him managing multinational businesses across 
SEA. By consistently delivering outstanding results and 
unprecedented growth, he and the team were awarded 
multiple regional and global awards, including his selection  
to the Global Client Partner Advisory council.
A graduate in Engineering from Sheffield University, UK, 
Matthew is deeply committed to giving back. His belief in 
‘paying it forward’ has seen him serve in various mentoring 
and advisory capacities. As an External Advisory Board 
member for Sunway Business School, he continues to 
inspire and be inspired by the next generation of leaders,  
co-partnering to build a brighter future in a world brimming 
with possibilities.
Matthew Ho
Managing Director, Astro Media Solutions
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Male / 43
A pioneer member of Astro, Agnes was appointed as Director, 
Content on 1 February 2019. She heads our Group’s content 
team covering TV, film, digital and talent management, across 
all languages and genres.
 
Agnes continues to champion local original content and 
has led the charge on number ones in 2023 including the  
successful No. 1 drama in Malaysia Andai Itu Takdirnya, 
No. 1 film at the box office Polis Evo 3, and No. 1 TV show 
in Malaysia, All Stars Gegar Vaganza (GV10). Astro Originals 
such as Project: High Council and I.D. have raised the bar on 
local storytelling and generated record engagement across 
the platform. Agnes believes in the amplification of Astro 
signature IPs with 360° experiences comprising sold-out 
concerts and shows around the country for the GV10 finals 
and the Sepahtu Reunion Tour. Agnes has been instrumental 
in diversifying partnerships in the creation of original content 
through Innovathon with the Ministry of Economy and 
Battleground Malaysia: Road To Gold with the Ministry of 
Youth and Sports and the development of more winning kids 
animation like Didi & Friends which underpins consumption 
across our platforms. 
 
Agnes was instrumental in bringing early access to local 
and global blockbuster movies from cinema to home.  
She continues to drive the connected customer engagement 
with the aggregation of apps for the new Astro experience 
including Disney+ Hotstar, Netflix, Viu, iQIYI, BBC Player, beIN 
SPORTS CONNECT, HBO GO, ZEE5, TVBAnywhere+, WeTV 
and Qalbox which are contributing to Astro’s diverse content 
line-up. 
 
Agnes holds degrees in Law and Economics from Monash 
University, Australia and has completed Harvard Business 
School’s General Management Programme in the US.  
She has been a member of Asia Video Industry Association 
(AVIA) Board of Directors since 2020.
Agnes Rozario
Director, Content
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Female / 56

---- Page 96 ----
94
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Senior Leadership Team Profiles
Mauro joined as Chief Technology Officer in March 2021. As 
CTO, Mauro is responsible for enterprise IT, digital broadcast 
engineering, overall technical architecture, cybersecurity and 
network, CRM and billing, data and analytic systems working 
closely with the different business units and stakeholders 
across our Group. He also helms Radio Technology and 
Group Project Management Office. Mauro is a Pay-TV 
veteran, having held senior Technology roles for almost  
20 years with Sky Italia, Sky Deutschland and Foxtel.
Mauro is experienced in innovation and technology 
transformation and was instrumental in the launch and 
turnaround of both Sky Italia and Sky Deutschland, where 
he was also the architect behind OTT streaming products 
like Sky Go and Sky Ticket. He has successfully digitised  
customer service, enhanced content delivery and driven 
complex data implementations at his previous companies.
Mauro Di Pietro Paolo
Chief Technology Officer
Nationality / Gender / Age
Italian / Male / 53
Young Lee joined our Group on 29 July 2009 and was  
appointed as Director, sooka & NJOI on 3 July 2023 to drive 
new revenue streams and expand the Group’s reach to a 
broader customer base, by offering increased convenience, 
flexibility and accessibility to sports and Asian content.
Throughout his tenure at Astro, Young Lee has held various 
leadership roles, including as Group Financial Controller, 
heading our Strategy and Business Intelligence division, 
leading initiatives in Transformation Office, and serving 
as interim Chief Commercial Officer. In these roles, he has 
provided invaluable strategic insights and advice to our 
leadership team and has played a key role in streamlining 
our cost base, negotiating key contracts, and launching new 
packages and services to enhance Astro’s value proposition. 
Prior to 2009, he served in a global management consulting 
firm, advising clients in the finance, telecommunications and 
media sectors across Asia and the Middle East.
He holds a Master of Arts (Hons) in Natural Sciences 
from the University of Cambridge, UK and is a graduate of 
the Advancement Management Programme at Harvard 
Business School, US. He is also an Associate of the  
Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA), 
Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) and a 
Chartered Accountant of Malaysian Institute of Accountants 
(MIA).
Chu Young Lee
Director, sooka & NJOI
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Male / 41
Tricia joined our Group as Director, People & Workplace on 
1 March 2023, overseeing all human capital strategies and 
initiatives.
Tricia has over two decades of experience in human  
resources, rewards and talent management. Prior to joining 
Astro, she has held various senior leadership roles at Maxis 
since 2014 and has successfully led the HR transformation 
journey as a trusted strategic partner for business leaders in 
driving the people strategy and cultural change agenda to 
make the company both more competitive and a great place 
to work.
Prior to Maxis, Tricia was with Hewitt Associates (now 
Aon) working on a broad range of consulting projects in 
Malaysia and Thailand. She spent six years at Digi as 
Head of Rewards, developing and implementing reward 
programmes, and subsequently moved to Ericsson as 
the Regional Head of Total Rewards for Southeast Asia  
and Oceania.
Tricia holds a Bachelor of Business Administration, majoring 
in Finance from Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia.
Tricia Lim Chiew Shia
Director, People & Workplace
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Female / 48

---- Page 97 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
95
Senior Leadership Team Profiles
Since joining our Group in January 2018, Priya has taken on 
increasingly pivotal roles within the organisation. Starting as 
a Music Executive at Hitz FM, Malaysia’s top English station, 
she progressed to become Station Manager, and eventually 
assumed the responsibility of English Network Manager, 
overseeing the operations of Hitz FM, Mix FM, and Lite FM.
As Acting Head, Astro Radio and SYOK, Priya leads the 
development and implementation of content strategies 
across multiple platforms for all 13 brands under Astro Radio 
and SYOK. Her focus on delivering quality content reflects 
her deep understanding of audience preferences and market 
trends.
With a diverse background spanning music, marketing, and 
communications, Priya’s industry experience includes roles at 
Warner Music Malaysia and Star Media Group. Her journey 
underscores her commitment to excellence and her invaluable 
contributions to Astro Radio’s continued success.
Priya is a Psychology graduate from HELP University, 
Malaysia.
Priya Dharshini Prabakaran
Acting Head, Astro Radio and SYOK
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Female / 36
Simon joined Astro as General Counsel on 1 September 
2020. He leads our Group Legal and Compliance Division 
and oversees the delivery of legal services and resources 
to implement corporate strategies and priorities, providing 
legal support and advice across the business, including on 
negotiations of commercial contracts and dispute resolution. 
Simon is an experienced media and technology lawyer, 
having worked in Pay-TV in multiple regions for nearly  
20 years. Simon joined Astro from his previous role as  
General Counsel at OSN, the MENA regional Pay-TV 
broadcaster based in Dubai.
Prior to working in the Middle East, Simon spent nine years as 
a senior lawyer at Sky UK after moving in-house from private 
practice at Berwin Leighton Paisner. Following his Bachelor 
of Arts (Hons) from the University of Nottingham, UK, Simon 
trained and qualified as a lawyer in London.
Simon Wilkes
General Counsel
Nationality / Gender / Age
British / Male / 47
Cynthia joined our Group in February 2022 as Director, 
Customer Experience, bringing with her a wealth of 
experience in customer service and operations. Cynthia has 
consistently demonstrated her expertise and innovative 
thinking in navigating the ever-evolving landscape of 
customer experience and digital innovation.
In 2023, Cynthia took on the role of Director, Digital, leading 
the digital transformation efforts across our product 
and commercial pillars. Her strategic initiatives have 
helped modernise our digital presence and enhance our 
competitiveness in the market.
Before joining Astro, Cynthia served as the General Manager of  
Transformation and Customer Experience at U Mobile, where 
she oversaw retail operations, transformation projects, 
data management, and customer service. She has also 
held positions at Qatar Airways, AirAsia, and Media Prima, 
accumulating valuable experience along the way.
Cynthia holds an MBA from the University of Southern 
Queensland, Australia, and a Bachelor’s degree in Film and 
Television from Curtin University, Australia.
Cynthia Seow
Director, Customer Experience & Digital
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Female / 42

---- Page 98 ----
96
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Senior Leadership Team Profiles
Rita Irina joined our Group on 1 November 2023 as the 
Director, Regulatory & Corporate Affairs, where one of her key 
remits is to manage the various anti-piracy activities within 
the Group. Rita’s extensive background includes roles in 
government and regulatory affairs, public policy, stakeholder  
management, and partnership strategies, most recently 
as the Head of Government Affairs at Shopee Malaysia 
and more notably as the Vice President of Public Affairs & 
Communication for Huawei Malaysia, where she oversaw 
policy-to-market initiatives encompassing ICT Technology, 
Digital Economy, and Smart Solutions. Rita also played 
a pivotal role as a Senior Manager in the Performance 
Management & Delivery Unit (PEMANDU), a unit under the 
Prime Minister’s Department, overseeing the implementation 
and progress assessment of the Government Transformation 
Programme (GTP) and the Economic Transformation 
Programme (ETP). Her distinguished career also includes 
positions in PETRONAS and Proton Holdings Berhad.
While at Huawei, Rita jointly developed the Sarawak 
Women of Tomorrow’s (SWOT) programme with the 
Women Leadership Foundation (WLF). Rita is a recipient of 
the 2022 Outstanding Women CEO Leadership Excellence 
Award and has over two decades of experience in public 
policy, transformation advisory, programme strategy,  
project implementation, and category management. Rita 
holds a degree in Chemical Engineering from Universiti 
Teknologi PETRONAS, Malaysia.
Rita Irina Abd Wahab
Director, Regulatory & Corporate Affairs
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Female / 47
Sharon joined our Group on 1 March 2002 and was  
appointed as the Company Secretary of Astro Malaysia 
Holdings Berhad since its incorporation in 2011.
She is responsible for the overall corporate secretarial 
and corporate governance functions of our Group. Her 
responsibilities include advising our Board on its role and 
responsibilities, managing our Board and shareholders’ 
meetings, as well as providing efficient administration of our 
Group entities with regards to compliance with statutory and 
regulatory requirements. She also acts as the focal point for 
shareholders’ communication and is a conduit between our 
Board members and SL T to ensure proper communication. 
She plays a key role in promoting and upholding a high 
standard of corporate governance across our Group entities 
by advocating and formulating policies in relation to CG best 
practices.
She has over 27 years’ working experience in the 
corporate secretarial field and is a licensed secretary with 
a valid practicing certificate approved by the Companies  
Commission of Malaysia. She holds a Bachelor of Laws 
(Hons) from the University of London, UK and was issued 
the Certificate of Legal Practice by the Legal Profession  
Qualifying Board, Malaysia.
Liew Wei Yee Sharon
Company Secretary
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Female / 52
Shahrul is the Director, Product Engineering at Astro, a 
position he has held since 21 April 2021. He leads Astro’s 
extensive product engineering portfolio focusing on product 
innovation, the development, integration and building of 
user experience / interfaces to be delivered on both satellite 
and OTT networks, across all consumer device variants that 
include set-top boxes and smart devices. His leadership 
has resulted in the delivery of flagship products launched 
by Astro over the years since 2009 namely Astro GO, High 
Definition (HD), On Demand, Ultra High Definition (UHD) 4K,  
Cloud DVR, Restart TV and the current Ultra and Ulti Boxes.
Shahrul, a home-grown talent, started his career in 1996 
with Astro as a Signal Processing Engineer in the Broadcast 
Production and Operations division. He has held various key 
positions in the Technology Division of Astro ranging from 
being Head of Platform Engineering and the Vice President 
of Consumer Devices, to co-leading the Commercial Division 
as Vice President of Strategic Contracts overseeing strategic 
partnerships between Astro and major global technology 
providers. 
He holds a Bachelor (Hons) in Electrical and Electronics 
Engineering from the University of Science Malaysia 
and attended Harvard Business School programmes.  
He has served for several years as a member of the Board 
of Directors of the Malaysia Technical Standard Forum 
Berhad (MTSFB), an organisation established according to  
Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission 
(MCMC) guidelines.
Shahrul Imran Sultan
Director, Product Engineering
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Male / 52

---- Page 99 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
97
Senior Leadership Team Profiles
Rizal joined Astro in November 2018 as Vice President, 
Head of Corporate Assurance, responsible for leading the 
independent internal audit function that reports functionally 
and administratively to our Audit and Risk Committee.
Prior to joining Astro, he has held roles including as Chief 
Internal Auditor of PLUS Malaysia Berhad, internal auditor of 
PETRONAS and the Head of Group Internal Audit and Risk 
Management of Petra Energy Berhad. He also served at Ernst 
& Young where he provided assurance and advisory services.
He holds a Bachelor of Commerce, majoring in Accounting 
and Finance from the University of Melbourne, Australia 
and is a member of Chartered Accountants Australia and  
New Zealand.
Rizal Khalid
Head, Corporate Assurance
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Male / 41
Azreen joined our Group in August 2017 as Vice President, 
Head of Investor Relations. She is responsible for relationship 
building with the investment community to communicate 
Astro’s story, and for corporate finance initiatives, including 
investments and portfolio management.
A fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales (ICAEW), she has 19 years’ experience 
in corporate finance, capital raising, accounting and M&A 
in Malaysia and Indonesia. Prior to joining Astro, she was 
financial controller at an Indonesian-listed group involved in 
the marine transportation business. She started her career 
with Deloitte’s corporate finance division in 2004 before 
joining a Middle Eastern investment bank in 2008.
Azreen holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and 
Management from the University of Oxford and a Master of 
Science in Accounting and Finance from the London School  
of Economics and Political Science, both in the UK.
Azreen Manap
Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Finance
Nationality / Gender / Age
Malaysian / Female / 43
Notes:
1. None of the SLT have any conflict of interest with the Company
2. None of the SLT have any family relationship with any Director and/or Major Shareholder of the Company
3. None of the SLT have any conviction for offences within the past five years
4. None of the SLT have any public sanction and/or penalty imposed on them by any regulatory body during FY24

---- Page 100 ----
98
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Corporate Governance Overview
The Board of Directors of Astro is committed to uphold exemplary corporate governance 
(CG) principles and best practices, and to ensure compliance with the provisions of the 
Main Market Listing Requirements (MMLR), Companies Act 2016 (Act) and laws that are 
applicable to our Group. Additionally, we are guided by the Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance 2021 (MCCG) and FTSE Russell ESG rating criteria to benchmark our CG 
aspirations against local and global companies
For the third year running, in 2024, Astro was recognised by Sustainalytics as an ESG Regional Top-Rated company.  
We ranked among the Top 7% of 15,000 global companies, being one of only two media companies in Asia Pacific that qualified. 
This ranking places Astro in the “low risk” category overall based on identified material ESG issues.
Astro remains a constituent of FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index with a 3-star rating, ranking among the Top 50% in the FTSE 
Bursa Malaysia EMAS Index. 
The abovementioned recognitions are a testament to our robust CG framework with clear lines of responsibility and accountability. 
This framework is reviewed annually and updated as required to ensure relevance and fitness for purpose. 
CG FRAMEWORK
More detailed explanations are provided in the FY24 CG Report, which should be read in tandem with this CG 
Overview. The FY24 CG Report is accessible by scanning this QR code.
This CG Overview is presented to apprise our stakeholders on how Astro has conformed with the laws and best practice codes 
stipulated above during FY24. We will be reporting our practices in relation to the three MCCG principles outlined below:
A
BOARD LEADERSHIP  
& EFFECTIVENESS
B
EFFECTIVE AUDIT &  
RISK MANAGEMENT
C
INTEGRITY IN 
CORPORATE REPORTING 
& MEANINGFUL 
RELATIONSHIP WITH 
STAKEHOLDERS


---- Page 101 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
99
Our Board leverages on three Board committees to maintain regular and active oversight over the business direction and  
day-to-day operations of our Group. Each of the committees and functions depicted in the diagram below plays a critical and 
interdependent role to ensure good governance across our Group.
Corporate Governance Overview
Board and Board committee 
Charters and Policies are accessible 
by scanning this QR code
ESG AMC is chaired by our GCEO and comprises SLT and representatives from key business units
BOARD
3 INEDs including Independent Non-Executive Chairman and 4 NINEDs
Provides strategic leadership, establishes business objectives and oversees 
the management and business affairs of Astro Group within a framework of 
internal controls and ensures that stakeholders’ interests are safeguarded
Promoting sustainability and long-term value creation whilst addressing 
sustainability risks and opportunities
Corporate Assurance
Internal audit  
and assurance
ESG AMC
• Implementation of Astro’s 
ESG strategy and Climate 
Roadmap
• Monitoring performance 
against sustainability 
targets
• Review of Sustainability 
Framework
SLT
• Operational review
• Revenue and opex 
management
• Synchronisation and 
prioritisation of activities 
and resources
• Transformation involving 
delivery of change agenda
ARC
2 INEDs 1 NINED
• Financial reporting 
and audit process
• Compliance 
monitoring
• Anti-bribery and 
corruption
• Whistleblowing 
procedures
• Risk management
• Conflict of interest 
monitoring
• Sustainability 
disclosures 
oversight
NRCGC
2 INEDs 1 NINED
• Board composition 
and balance
• Key management 
appointment/
removal
• Remuneration 
framework and 
policies
• CG best practices
SBTC
2 INEDs 3 NINEDs
• Group strategies 
and transformation 
plan
• Strategic and  
growth 
opportunities
GCEO
• Overall management 
responsibility
• Organisational 
efficiencies and 
effectiveness
• Implementation 
of Board policies, 
strategies and 
decisions
• Leads ESG AMC
Report Appoint / Remove
Report Appoint / Remove
Corporate Secretarial
• Corporate 
secretarial and 
compliance
• CG and advisory
Report
Provides strategic leadership, establishes business objectives and oversees 
the management and business affairs of our Group within a framework of 
internal controls, and ensures that stakeholders’ interests are safeguarded
Promotes sustainability and long-term value creation whilst addressing 
sustainability risks and opportunities
Report
Appoint /  
Remove

---- Page 102 ----
100
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Corporate Governance Overview
During the year under review, we have prioritised several key CG initiatives which remain as key future priorities:
Board Refresh • Search for additional Independent Non-Executive Directors (INED) is ongoing to meet Practice 5.2 
of the MCCG of having at least 50% INEDs following the retirement of Datuk Yvonne Chia (DYC) 
after nine years of service. We continue to comply with the MMLR with INEDs making up 43% of 
our total Board composition
ESG • Adoption of our Climate Roadmap to achieve carbon neutrality by 2040 through a phased approach. 
We aim to be a carbon neutral operator a full decade ahead of the nation’s 2050 target
Charters, Policies and 
Procedures
• Updating of the Board Charter to specifically reflect our Board’s responsibility towards climate 
governance and addressing climate-related risks and opportunities
• Enhancement of our Group’s conflicts of interest (COI) governance framework with clearer scope of 
responsibilities and reporting
• Reinforcement of the Code of Business Ethics (CoBE) and annual e-compliance training relating 
to anti-bribery and corruption, including the use of an updated and more engaging e-learning 
platform
• Further enhancement of Information Technology (IT) security controls and processes to prevent 
leakage of confidential information and manage cybersecurity threats, e.g. limiting access to cloud 
storage platforms and blocking the usage of USB / portable storage drives
SUMMARY OF CG INITIATIVES
MCCG PRINCIPLE A BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
Our Board abides by the principles of stewardship and manages the business and affairs of Astro in accordance with the  
Constitution and Board Charter with the objective of delivering long-term growth and a sustainable business. The role of our Board 
is to provide leadership and direction to Management, establish the corporate objectives and set strategies that direct activities 
to achieve these objectives. In pursuing Astro’s corporate objectives, our Board considers the interests of all stakeholders and is 
accountable to our shareholders as a public company listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia.
The Board Charter sets out in detail the duties and rights of our Directors, division of responsibilities and Board reserved matters, 
amongst others. It is reviewed annually with the most recent review completed in June 2023. In addition to our Board’s collective 
responsibility, each Director owes a fiduciary duty to act in good faith in the best interest of our Company and a duty of care to 
shareholders as set out in the Act.
Our Board recognises the following as its principal responsibilities to drive Astro’s long-term success:
Overall strategic direction and monitoring its 
implementation
Oversight of business and financial performance
Promotion of sustainability and long-term value 
creation and addressing sustainability risks and 
opportunities
Identification of principal risks, risk appetite and risk 
management framework
Prevention of corruption Ensuring the adequacy and integrity of our 
Group’s internal control systems and management 
information systems
Appointment and evaluation of Directors and key 
management, including succession planning
Effective shareholder and stakeholder communication

---- Page 103 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
101
Strategic Planning and Implementation
Our Board’s primary responsibility is setting Astro’s strategic direction and approving the corresponding plans and budget.  
As the media industry continues to undergo rapid shifts driven by changes in consumer behaviour in the consumption of content, 
Astro has embarked on a journey of transformation to build adjacent businesses, namely sooka, broadband and Addressable 
Advertising to drive non-Pay-TV revenue while simultaneously reducing legacy costs and stabilising the core Pay-TV business.
Our Board is actively engaged in the strategic development and planning process, through a comprehensive and robust  
approach. SBTC meets regularly with Management to debate strategic opportunities and threats, and ensures close monitoring of 
strategy execution. A Board strategy offsite is organised annually to enable Board and Management discourse on Astro’s future 
strategic direction and the setting of goals and targets.
In FY24, the Board strategy offsite was held in November 2023. Attended by all our Directors and SL T, there was wide debate 
on strategic options and sharing sessions from external media consultants and peers on the latest developments in the global 
and regional media industry. The key focus of this strategy session was to review and set Astro’s strategic business plans  
(including pivot strategies) for the next 3 years.
The new Group strategic plans and FY25 budget were ultimately approved by our Board prior to commencement of the new 
financial year (FY25).
Oversight of Business and Financial Performance
Management’s key responsibility is to develop strategies and achieve the goals and targets set by our Board through  
appropriate implementation of the approved strategies. Our Board conducts a rigorous review of business performance and  
monitors the performance vis-à-vis budget through a monthly report and SBTC updates at Board sessions. In between meetings, 
key matters and milestones are escalated by our GCEO for our Board’s attention or decision, as required.
As part of our Board’s oversight responsibilities, Board approval is required for matters falling within the list of Board reserved 
matters. This includes the quarterly financial report, declaration of dividend, key organisational changes, appointment and 
remuneration of key management, transactions outside Management’s Limits of Authority (LOA) and related party transactions 
(RPT).
Our Board, NRCGC and GCEO regularly review the organisational structure to ensure clarity of responsibilities and accountability, 
and that a competent senior leadership is in place for execution of Astro’s strategies. In December 2023, we announced a change 
of GCFO effective January 2024 as part of our management succession plan. Astro has a capable and professional Management 
team comprising diverse, competent and experienced senior leaders, some with global industry experience, who are empowered 
to deliver business outcomes with a clear mandate and line of sight to Astro’s goals. The profiles of our SL T are on pages 91 to 97.
Development 
of strategies /
enhancement 
of existing 
strategies
Evaluation 
and 
validation 
process
Viability and 
alignment 
with Astro’s 
overall vision
Board 
strategy 
offsite
Refinement 
of strategies 
and plans
Final Board 
approval
Regular 
review and 
monitoring of 
progress and 
performance
1 2 3 4 5 6 7
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 104 ----
102
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
1. Sustainable Growth and Long-Term Value Creation
 Our Board is steadfast in promoting business 
sustainability and delivering long-term stakeholder 
value. Through a comprehensive sustainability 
framework, ESG considerations and material matters 
are embedded as an integral part of our strategies and 
business decisions.
 As a media organisation, Astro has a large social 
footprint as a function of our ability to engage with 
all communities across Malaysia. Although we have 
a relatively smaller environmental footprint, we have 
continued to make inroads in respect of our 3-year 
ESG targets through various activities which are 
outlined in the Sustainability section on pages 50 to 
85. Astro’s Climate Roadmap is focused on achieving 
carbon neutrality by 2040 and has been approved by 
our Board. Astro will undertake a 2-phase approach 
with phase 1 focusing on four key projects, namely 
energy efficiency, renewable energy, electrification and 
refrigeration management. Progress against our ESG 
strategy is presented to our Board on a quarterly basis. 
To enable more effective oversight and direction, our 
Chairman has been designated as our Board nominee 
on climate governance matters. 
2. Risk Management Framework
 Astro has in place a sound and robust system of risk 
management and internal control based on the ‘Three 
Lines of Defence’ model. Our Board and Management 
are committed to maintaining and continuously 
improving our systems and processes for the protection 
of assets and to safeguard stakeholders’ interests. 
 ARC has been entrusted by our Board to assist in risk 
management and internal control oversight. The GCFO 
and Risk Management team update ARC on a quarterly 
basis on the risk profiles of identified key risks as well 
as on the mitigating actions. ARC conducts a review 
of our Group’s overall risk management framework, 
risk appetite and risk tolerance parameters periodically 
to ensure these remain relevant amid the changing 
business environment and regulatory requirements.
 Risks are assessed and evaluated against our  
Group’s risk appetite and tolerance levels. All business 
proposals incorporate a risk assessment analysis to 
ensure sustainability considerations are embedded in 
business decisions. 
3. Prevention of Corruption
 Astro adopts a zero tolerance policy against all forms 
of bribery and corruption. Any non-compliance with the 
Anti-Corruption Policy (ACP) and CoBE is regarded as a 
serious offence. Allegations are thoroughly investigated 
and appropriate actions taken, including reports to the 
appropriate authorities, disciplinary action, prosecution 
and active pursuit of recovery.
 The Compliance team conducts annual compliance and 
ethics training for all employees. Astro employees are 
required to complete and pass four modules testing 
their knowledge of CoBE, Information Classification 
and Control Policy (ICP), Personal Data Protection Act 
2010 (PDPA), and Occupational Safety, Health and  
Environment Policy (OSHE). Non-completion will affect 
the employee’s bonus and salary increment payouts. 
Our Directors, employees and business associates 
are required to read, understand, comply and declare 
their acceptance and compliance with the Astro  
Anti-Corruption Framework (AACF) by completing 
the Integrity Pledge. Our Directors have all completed 
the Personal Integrity Pledge as part of our policy 
requirements.
 As part of risk monitoring, employees are required to 
declare their interests and shareholdings in the form of 
outside employment, directorships (with or without fees) 
and engagements, shareholding interests in private 
and public companies as well as sole proprietorships. 
In addition, employees also disclose if their family 
members are working with Astro or with vendors / third 
parties engaged by Astro.
 Key policies and procedures for the prevention of 
corruption include CoBE, AACF and Whistleblowing 
Policy and Procedures (WPP). Our Board has 
separately adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics for 
Directors. These policies and procedures are reviewed 
periodically and are accessible on our corporate  
website at corporate.astro.com.my/esg/governance.
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 105 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
103
4. Internal Control Framework
 Our Board, through ARC, ensures that a sound system of internal controls is in place to provide reasonable assurance on 
the reliability and integrity of information, compliance with laws and internal policies as well as efficient use of resources.  
An effective internal control system is necessary for the protection of our assets and prevention of revenue leakage.
 The Corporate Assurance (CA) team is our third line of defence, providing independent assurance and audit of governance, 
internal control and risk management systems. CA reports directly to ARC, thus giving CA autonomy to carry out independent 
audits on Management’s activities. 
5. Board and Management Succession
 Our Board has adopted a Board succession framework and policy which is aimed at ensuring that our Board is refreshed 
progressively for an appropriate balance of skills and experience, while ensuring a smooth transition of Board roles and 
responsibilities through a time-based phased retirement process. 
 Our Board, through NRCGC, strives to identify successors to our incumbent Directors before their retirement, providing 
adequate time for the new Director to immerse him/herself in Astro’s strategies and business imperatives as well as 
challenges. NRCGC monitors the tenure of incumbent Directors, develops the selection criteria and initiates the process of 
finding potential successors. Our policy also addresses situations where a specialised position, such as the Chairman of our 
Board or Board committees, is unavailable for a period of time and specifies who will take over his/her responsibilities in  
the interim.
 Board succession is monitored by NRCGC, which conducts a review annually incorporating the growing regulatory  
demands, complexities and expectations placed on Astro as a company listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia. 
Our NRCGC also conducts an annual review of the Management succession plans with our GCEO and Director, People 
& Workplace. The objective of this review is to ensure the adequacy of succession plans encompassing the identification 
of successors for GCEO minus-1 and minus-2 positions, the mapping of individual competencies and talent development, 
including job rotations.
Board Succession 
Strategic Model
Emergency Contingency Plan
Prepared for a ‘hit by the bus’ scenario 
through emergency succession plan 
considerations that correspond to 
casual vacancies among specialised 
positions helmed by NEDs
Internal Succession
Non-relay (‘horse race’) succession 
plan modality by utilising former 
Management talent for accession as 
Non-Executive Director (NED) after a 
cooling-off period of at least 3 years
Phased Retirement Plan
Ex-ante with multi-year view, 
earmarking of NEDs with specific 
retirement years; and overlapping of 
incoming and outgoing incumbents
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 106 ----
104
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
6. Effective Shareholder and Stakeholder Communication
 Fairness, transparency, accountability and responsibility are the four key principles guiding our actions in relation to 
relationships with our stakeholders. Astro strives to provide balanced, meaningful and timely disclosures to keep stakeholders 
apprised of our overall performance and governance.
 Through the integrated annual reports and quarterly financial reports that are released (within four months from the 
financial year end and two months from each quarter end, respectively), Astro shareholders and stakeholders are 
kept abreast of our Group’s performance. Video earnings calls are scheduled immediately after each quarterly results  
announcement, led by our GCEO, GCFO and attended by SL T. Material events are disclosed promptly through company 
announcements via the Bursa Link in accordance with Chapter 9 and 10 of the MMLR.
 The annual general meeting (“AGM”) is a key platform of engagement with our shareholders. Since 2020, our AGM has  
been held on a virtual basis which has successfully drawn higher levels of shareholder participation and engagement 
compared to past physical AGMs, as shown below:
2020 AGM 2021 AGM 2022 AGM 2023 AGM
700+ 1,100+ 1,500+ 1,800+
 Astro regards our employees as a key stakeholder group. Employees are continuously kept engaged through regular 
messaging and activities as well as monthly coffee chats with our GCEO and SL T, and quarterly townhalls that are well 
attended and broadcast live to all Astro offices nationwide. Hosted by our GCEO and SL T, the quarterly townhalls focus on a 
broad range of topics such as Group performance, product launches, content offering and employee welfare.
Four Key Principles
in Stakeholder
Management
Accountability Responsibility
Fairness Transparency
Fairness
Fairness dictates that all stakeholders 
be treated fairly
Transparency
Transparency in disclosure of both 
financial and non-financial information
Accountability
Accountability to shareholders and 
stakeholders and protection of their 
investments
Responsibility
Responsibility within all levels of the 
organisation to drive a common goal 
and shared vision
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 107 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
105
BOARD COMPOSITION AND BALANCE
As at 31 January 2024 and LPD of IAR2024, our Board comprises seven Directors including an independent Board Chairman.  
The Board composition has met the requirements under Paragraph 15.02 of MMLR for at least two or one-third INEDs and at least 
one woman director.
Changes to our Board composition during the year include the retirement of DYC as INED in June 2023 upon serving a cumulative 
period of nine years in accordance with the Policy on the Tenure of INEDs. Also, Rossana Annizah binti Ahmad Rashid (RA)  
resigned in September 2023 following the cessation of the Employees Provident Fund (EPF) as a substantial shareholder of  
our Company. 
Arising from the abovementioned departures, the composition of our Board committees was reorganised taking into consideration 
the skill sets required within each committee, independence and experience of incumbent Directors, whilst ensuring compliance 
with the MMLR.
Board Diversity
Astro is led by a Board who are domain experts with diverse social and professional backgrounds:
No. of INEDs
No. of NINEDs
57%
43%Board
Balance
Female
Male
Gender 
Diversity
71%
29%
Less than 5 years
5 to 9 years
Tenure
43%
57%
Board Experience and Expertise
International exposure
Legal and regulatory
Accounting and 
financial acumen
CG, risk management 
and internal controls
Industry expertise
Data analytics
ESG
Technology 
infrastructure management, digital 
innovation and cybersecurity
Customer experience 
and engagement
Change management 
and transformation
Human capital 
and talent management
Entrepreneurship
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 108 ----
106
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
In addition to domain experience, independent leadership is essential for good governance to oversee the execution of strategies, 
assess Management performance and protect minority shareholders’ interest. In this respect, our Board and Board committees are 
chaired by INEDs. 
Gender is also an important consideration. Our target is to maintain at least 30% female representation on our Board. However, 
Board appointments are based on merit and contribution as well as the values that an individual may bring to future-proof our 
Board. From an organisational perspective, Astro has a strong diversity of talent with a balanced gender representation. In FY24, 
our workforce comprised 51% and 49% male and female talents respectively. Female leaders account for 50% of Astro’s SL T.  
Our NRCGC reviews the participation of women in SL T to ensure that there is a healthy talent pipeline. 
Board Selection
The size of our Board as determined by the Constitution is at least two and not more than 15 Directors who must be natural  
persons. The NRCGC conducts an annual review of our Board size and composition. In evaluating the suitability of candidates, 
NRCGC is guided by various considerations (as per the diagram below) to ensure that the candidate adds value to the overall 
working of our Board and is fit and proper to act as a Director.
Candidates are required to make a self-declaration in accordance with the Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy (DFPP) and undergo 
an interview and assessment process managed by NRCGC. In reviewing and assessing candidates for initial appointment or  
re-election as Directors, NRCGC is guided by the DFPP which is based on the overarching principles of (i) character and integrity; 
(ii) experience and competence; and (iii) time and commitment.
Candidates are typically identified based on recommendations by our existing Directors, GCEO and/or major shareholders. 
Independent sources, including our partner networks given their knowledge of our industry, and external agencies may be sought 
out to tap into their Directors’ registry.
The following chart depicts the process for Board appointments:
Board approval followed 
by announcement to 
Bursa Malaysia
Interviews by Directors 
and recommendation by 
NRCGC to our Board
Assessment of 
candidates based on the 
Board selection criteria, 
diversity, fit and proper 
criteria, Board skills 
matrix and background  
reference checks
Nomination by our 
existing Directors, major 
shareholders and/or 
business associates
1 2 3 4
Board Selection
Fit and Proper
Inclusivity and 
diversity of thought 
and behaviour, 
including gender
Independence Disqualification of 
active politicians
Board skills matrix 
and future strategic 
direction
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 109 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
107
In accordance with Astro’s Constitution, existing Directors 
are subject to re-election at least once every three years. 
An election of Directors takes place each year at the AGM 
where one-third (or if the number is not three or a multiple 
of three, then the number nearest to one-third) shall retire 
from office and are eligible for re-election. Upon appointment, 
a new Director signs a letter of appointment setting out his 
roles and fiduciary responsibilities including expected time 
commitment, designation, independence (if relevant), right 
to external consultant’s advice, Directors & Officers’ liability 
insurance, indemnity provisions and confidentiality. 
KS and MM are Directors who are retiring by rotation  
pursuant to Rule 126 of the Constitution at the forthcoming 
AGM in June 2024. Their performance and contributions 
were assessed by NRCGC which took into consideration the 
findings of the FY24 Board Effectiveness Evaluation (BEE)  
and fit and proper self-declarations furnished by the retiring 
Directors under the DFPP.
Save for KS and MM who have abstained from deliberating  
and voting on the proposal relating to their respective  
re-election, our Board has recommended their re-election 
as Directors to our shareholders for approval. KS’ vast 
experience in the realm of investments and financial 
acumen underscores his contribution to discussions in the  
boardroom. MM’s legal expertise complements the overall 
Board skill sets and provides added assurance to our  
Board decisions.
Policy on Tenure of Independent Directors
As at 31 January 2024 and LPD of IAR2024, Astro has three 
INEDs, representing 43% of our total Board composition. 
Our INEDs provide confirmation of their independence by 
reference to the criteria for independence set out in the MMLR. 
Their roles and responsibilities are outlined below:
In line with Practice 5.4 of the MCCG, we have adopted a 
policy limiting the tenure of INEDs to a cumulative period 
of nine years without extension, recognising that a term 
limit has certain advantages which include enabling timely 
Board refresh, ensuring objectivity and protecting minority 
shareholders’ interests. Under the Board Charter, the Senior 
INED holds office for a term of three years or for such term as 
may be determined by our Board.
INEDs must remain at all times independent of Management 
and free from any business or other relationship which could 
interfere with the exercise of independent judgement or ability 
to act in the best interests of our Group. In the re-election of 
Directors, our Board will recommend the re-election of an INED 
once satisfied that he/she continues to meet the independent 
criteria set out in the MMLR, and demonstrates independence 
in thoughts and actions.
Separation of Roles and Responsibilities
The separation of roles and responsibilities between our 
Board Chairman and GCEO is embedded in the Board  
Charter to avoid risks arising from the concentration of 
power in an individual and allow for check and balance. The 
Board Charter further guides that our Chairman must be a  
non-executive Board member.
Responsibilities of Chairman
• manages and ensures Board effectiveness
• chairs Board and shareholder meetings
• reviews meeting agenda to ensure key topics are 
discussed, prioritised and debated upon
• ensures the provision of information to Directors in a 
timely manner
• encourages and facilitates full and frank discussions 
among Directors to leverage on each individual’s 
diverse background and knowledge
Responsibilities of GCEO
• develops and implements Group strategies within 
the approved plans and budget
• manages the day-to-day business affairs
• leads and motivates SL T
• promotes organisational efficiencies and 
effectiveness
• fosters an organisational culture that is aligned with 
Group corporate values
• implements Board policies
• reports to our Board Chairman
Responsibilities of INEDs
• provide independent advice and exercise objectivity 
to ensure that the interests of all stakeholders are 
taken into account
• bring impartiality and scrutiny to Board 
deliberations and decision-making
• stimulate and challenge Management in an 
objective manner
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 110 ----
108
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Directors’ Responsibilities
In accordance with Paragraph 15.04 of the MMLR and as expressly stipulated in the Board and Board committee charters, our 
Directors have the right of access to Management, Company Secretary and independent advisors for the purposes of obtaining 
information and advice for the performance of their duties. Directors are also protected from wrongful allegations and lawsuits 
through the Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance to the extent allowed under the Act.
Set forth below are some of the key policies relating to Directors’ responsibilities:
Fit and Proper • The DFPP is embodied in the Board Charter. Our Directors are expected to exhibit strong character 
and integrity as well as possess relevant experience and competence, coupled with the ability to 
devote the time required to fulfil their responsibilities towards our Group
• Retiring Directors who are seeking re-election must furnish a fit and proper self-declaration for 
NRCGC’s review as part of their evaluation. This requirement is also applicable to the appointment 
of a new Director
Conflict of interest 
(COI) management
• Directors must notify and discuss with our Board Chairman (and in our Chairman’s case, with 
the Senior INED) prior to accepting any new appointment in a public listed company and/or any 
company involved in competing businesses. He must be able to commit sufficient time and effort 
for the affairs of our Board in an effective way, and seek guidance if there is any potential COI
• Directors must avoid any COI, whether arising directly or indirectly. As there are various situations 
where a conflict may reasonably and potentially arise, they should err on the side of caution 
and take the necessary steps to disclose and refrain from participating in the discussions and  
decision-making
• Directors must declare their interests in any existing or proposed transactions involving a 
Group entity. Directors are also required to abstain from deliberating and voting under such  
circumstances. This ensures that our Board decisions are made objectively in the best interest of 
Astro. As part of conflict monitoring, directorships and shareholdings in companies outside our 
Group held by Directors, and any changes thereto, are tabled at each quarterly Board meeting
• Directors must submit a declaration of any COI, including potential conflict and involvement in a 
competing business upon appointment and annually thereafter. Any declarations will be recorded 
and mitigating measures are reviewed by NRCGC and ARC, and thereafter reported to our Board
Dealings in shares • Directors are prohibited from dealing in Astro shares if they are in possession of price-sensitive 
information. New appointees are advised of this prohibition and their disclosure obligations. Open 
and closed periods for dealings per Chapter 14 of MMLR are notified in advance to our Directors 
on a quarterly basis. During FY24, there were no dealings in AMH Shares by any Director during  
closed periods while dealings during open periods were disclosed via the Bursa Link as required 
under the MMLR
Related Party 
Transactions (RPT)
• Interested Directors are required to abstain from deliberating and voting on RPT. A Nominee 
Director of a major shareholder of Astro must abstain from deliberating and voting in respect 
of RPT involving the interests, direct or indirect, of his/her nominator. A list of related parties is  
compiled and updated by the Corporate Secretarial team to enable monitoring of potential RPT
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 111 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
109
Attendance at Board Meetings
At least four formal Board meetings are required to be convened in a financial year in accordance with the Board Charter. In FY24, 
the actual number of Board meetings exceeded this requirement, as shown in the table of Directors’ attendance below.
The annual Board meeting calendar is pre-planned prior to the commencement of each new financial year. In accordance with the 
Board Charter, Directors who are absent from more than 50% of Board meetings annually will be disqualified (notwithstanding 
that his/her alternate Director attended) under Paragraph 15.05(3)(c) of the MMLR. Meetings are held physically with the option  
of video-conferencing if a Director is unable to attend in person. This is permitted under Rule 136 of the Constitution.
The meeting agenda is determined following review and consultation by the Company Secretary with the respective Board and 
Board committee chairpersons, GCEO and where appropriate, GCFO and Director, People & Workplace in respect of finance, 
nomination and remuneration-related matters, respectively. Other individuals attend the meetings by invitation to present the 
matters set out in the meeting agenda.
The quorum for a Board meeting is at least two directors, but meetings are always planned in such a manner that all Directors are 
able to attend, whether in person or virtually.
Newly appointed Directors are given an indication of the time commitment required and are expected to devote sufficient time  
and effort to our business, including by limiting their other directorships to remain effective.
In FY24, Astro held a total of seven Board and 17 Board committee meetings, including the Board strategy offsite. Full attendance 
was recorded for all meetings in FY24. The frequency of meetings demonstrates the level of oversight and proactiveness of our 
Directors in devoting time to contribute to our Group’s affairs.
In respect of Board decision-making, decisions made during the course of a duly convened meeting are decided by the majority 
with every Director having one vote. In the case of a tie, our Board Chairman does not have a casting vote. Decisions are 
typically reached by our Board unanimously as a collective unit. Any dissenting view will be recorded in the minutes of meeting.  
Where appropriate, approvals may be obtained via written circular resolutions, which are to be signed by all Directors excluding 
those who are precluded from voting in accordance with Rule 148 of the Constitution. Directors’ written circular resolutions may be 
signed in hard copy or electronically in accordance with the Constitution.
Total number of meetings held in FY24
Name of Directors AGM % Board % NRCGC % ARC % SBTC %
Board 
Strategy
offsite
%
Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku Muhriz (1) 1/1 100 6/6 100 2/2 100 - - - - 1/1 100
Renzo Christopher Viegas 1/1 100 6/6 100 5/5 100 4/4 100 8/8 100 1/1 100
Nicola Mary Bamford 1/1 100 6/6 100 - - 4/4 100 8/8 100 1/1 100
Lim Ghee Keong 1/1 100 6/6 100 5/5 100 - - 8/8 100 1/1 100
Simon Cathcart 1/1 100 6/6 100 - - - - 8/8 100 1/1 100
Mazita binti Mokty (2) 1/1 100 6/6 100 - - 3/3 100 - - 1/1 100
Kenneth Shen 1/1 100 6/6 100 - - - - 8/8 100 1/1 100
Datuk Yvonne Chia(3) 1/1 100 2/2 100 3/3 100 2/2 100 - - - -
Rossana Annizah binti Ahmad Rashid (4) 1/1 100 4/4 100 - - 3/3 100 - - - -
Notes:
(1) Appointed as NRCGC member on 22 June 2023
(2) Resigned as ARC member on 22 June 2023 and re-appointed on 26 September 2023
(3) Retired as Director upon conclusion of the AGM on 21 June 2023
(4) Resigned as Director on 25 September 2023
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 112 ----
110
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
The table below provides a snapshot of key agenda items deliberated upon at the Board and Board committee meetings in FY24:
Category Quarterly Annually Ad-Hoc
Financials
• External auditor’s review 
report
• Unaudited quarterly financial 
results
• Treasury risk and cash 
management 
• Investor relations and 
investment monitoring report
• Dividend proposal
• External auditor’s audit plan 
and auditor’s transparency 
report
• Statutory financial 
statements and provision 
of financial support letter to 
subsidiaries
• Banking facilities
• LOA
• Dividend policy
• Write-off policy and authority 
limits
Risk, Internal 
Control & 
Compliance
• CA report 
• Risk management 
• IT security 
• Compliance (Tax, Regulatory, 
Legal and Compliance –  
Anti-Bribery & COI)
• RPT
• Disclosures via 
Whistleblowing Line
• FY24 CA strategic review 
plan
• FY23 CA effectiveness 
evaluation
• FY23 external auditor 
effectiveness evaluation
• ARC and CA charters
• Tax governance framework
• Internal Group streamlining
Strategy & 
Business
• Strategic and business 
updates
• ESG plans and targets 
(including Climate Roadmap)
• Anti-piracy
• Go Shop plans
• Transformation updates
• Technology reviews 
(including STB and platform 
strategy)
• Performance of leading 
indicators
• Brand refresh 
• Cybersecurity ecosystem
• Transactions outside LOA
• Circular to Shareholders for 
recurrent RPT 
• FY24 Corporate Scorecard
• FY25 budget and 3-year 
Group strategic plan
• Content strategy 
• Joint venture and investment 
proposals
• Workforce rationalisation
• Key content deals
Nomination, 
Remuneration 
& CG
• Changes in Board and Board 
committee composition
• Organisation structure and 
senior leadership changes
• Management of COI
• Vesting and grant of  
long-term incentive plan 
(L TIP) 
• Updates on the MMLR
• FY23 Annual Report and 
AGM
• FY23 BEE 
• FY23 performance bonus and 
merit increment
• Directors’ remuneration and 
re-election
• Directors’ & Officers’ liability 
insurance
• Board and Board committee 
charters
• Board succession plan
• FY24 Annual CG review
• LOA
• COI governance framework
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 113 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
111
Annual Board Effectiveness Evaluation (BEE)
Our Board evaluates its own performance and that of Board 
committees and individual Directors on an annual basis to 
understand its strengths and weaknesses, thus ensuring 
that Board functions are effectively aligned with Astro’s 
overarching strategic goals and governance requirements. 
Each year, the BEE is carried out by NRCGC through the 
Corporate Secretarial team. An independent external party 
is engaged every three years in accordance with the Board 
Charter and Practice 6.1 of the MCCG to facilitate a more 
objective and robust evaluation. 
The FY24 BEE was conducted by Deloitte Business Advisory 
Sdn Bhd (Deloitte), an independent external consultant, 
whose primary role is to provide an unbiased, comprehensive 
views, thus enabling our Board to implement effective 
strategies for continuous improvement. The assessment was  
undertaken with regard to the following key parameters:
(a) governance and oversight
(b) processes and infrastructure
(c) capabilities assessment
(d) self and peer assessment
(e) fit and proper assessment
(f) independence assessment 
The evaluation covered an assessment of our Board, Board 
committees and their respective chairpersons as well as a 
self and peer assessment of individual Directors, including 
independence of INEDs. The primary mode of gathering 
feedback was through questionnaires. To enable a much 
deeper insight and corroborate the responses received, 
syndication sessions were also carried out with our Directors, 
GCEO and selected SL T by Deloitte.
As part of the BEE process, the Board skills matrix was 
refined and updated based on the current skill sets on our 
Board versus the needs of Astro over the longer term, taking 
into consideration the evolution of the consumer and media 
landscape. The BEE also provides an opportunity for Directors 
to suggest topics for Directors’ training and key focus areas 
for future Board discussions.
The FY24 BEE did not indicate any material weaknesses. 
Please refer to page 123 of the NRCGC Report.
Directors’ Induction and Continuing Education 
Programme
As the media industry continues to evolve, our Directors 
recognise the need to keep themselves abreast of the 
developments and enhance their industry knowledge. 
This is necessary so that our Board can discharge their 
responsibilities of setting our Group’s strategic direction and 
exercising effective oversight of Management.
Training needs are monitored by the Company Secretary 
through the BEE process and are also based on Directors’ 
own recommendations. Typically, briefings are arranged 
in conjunction with quarterly Board meetings and the list 
of available seminars or training programmes is shared 
regularly, for which a reasonable budget is allocated  
each year.
Directors’ FY24 training participation is set out in the table 
on pages 112 to 113. Subject matter experts were invited 
to brief our Board on Astro’s strategic options and the global 
and regional media outlook, focusing on streaming services. 
Directors were briefed regularly on the current market  
outlook, competitive landscape, consumer trends, 
technological developments, CG developments, and changes 
in the accounting standards by Management, external 
auditors and other guest speakers. Updates on statutory 
and regulatory changes under the Act, MMLR, MCCG and 
Securities Commission guidelines were provided by the 
Company Secretary from time to time.
All Directors have completed the Mandatory Accreditation 
Programme (MAP) Part I. For newly appointed Directors, an 
induction programme and tour of our TV and radio broadcast 
facilities are conducted. The induction includes an overview 
of Astro’s strategic direction and plans, challenges and 
opportunities, business operations, financial performance 
as well as organisational structure. Incumbent Directors 
are required to attend MAP Part II on sustainability by  
August 2025, i.e., within two years from the introduction of 
the mandatory programme by the regulatory authorities.
Board and Board committee agenda were skewed towards 
strategy, business and financial performance in FY24.
Breakdown of AMH’s boardroom agenda items for FY24
FinanceStrategy
Risk, Internal Control & Compliance
CG
19%
7%
59%
15%
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 114 ----
112
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
IN-HOUSE TRAINING
Date List of Training / Conference / Seminar / Workshop Attendance
Jun 2023 Cybersecurity Ecosystem All Directors 
Nov 2023 Pay TV & Streaming Industry Trends All Directors
More Stories to Love, All Eyes on Viu All Directors
EXTERNAL TRAINING
A. CG, Risk Management and Internal Control
Date List of Training / Conference / Seminar / Workshop Attendance
Jan 2023 Board and Governance Workshop DYC
Mar 2023 30% Club Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Conversation DYC
Apr 2023 Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy and Section 17A of MACC Act 2009 TAR
Jun 2023 Anti-Money Laundering / Counter-Terrorism Financing and the Corporate Liability TAR
Jul 2023 COI and Governance of COI RCV
Aug 2023 Corporate Governance Training 2023 LGK
Practical Tips for Avoiding, Resolving and Managing Disputes MM
Oct 2023 Advocacy Dialogue: How Much Do Board Members Get Paid? Key Insights to the Malaysian 
Board & Senior Management Remuneration Practices
RCV
Nov 2023 Distinguished Board Leadership Series 2023 - Empowering Change through Diversity, Equity 
& Inclusion
RCV
Breakfast Talk on Anti Bribery LGK
Dec 2023 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Talk KS
The total hours of training attended by our Directors in FY24 was approximately 126 hours, segregated into the following  
key areas:
Distribution of Training
CG, Risk Management and Internal Control
Economics, Finance and Business
Media and Technology
Sustainability
Leadership and Strategy
17%
15%
18%
40%
10%
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 115 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
113
B. Economics, Finance and Business
Date List of Training / Conference / Seminar / Workshop Attendance
Jan 2023 Can America Stop China's Rise? Will ASEAN Be Damaged? DYC
Mar 2023 Islamic Financial Markets Forum 2023 DYC
Sustainability Outlook: 2023 Global Trends and Guide for Islamic Financial Institutions RA
Sustainability for Islamic Financial Institutions: Highlights from the CABAFI  
(Council for Islamic Banks and Financial Institutions) Sustainability Guide
RA
Apr 2023 Geopolitical Update DYC
Jun 2023 2023 Mid-Year Investment Outlook RA
Shariah Dialogue DYC
Jul 2023 Brand Health & NPS (Net Promoter Score) RA
Aug 2023 Global Trends - Common Priorities in Fighting Telco Return on Capital Decline LGK
Sep 2023 Forbes Global CEO Conference 2023 TAR
Oct 2023 Market Trends Update - Malaysia, Indonesia and Bangladesh KS
Nov 2023 AI and Financial Institutions: Friend or Foe RCV
Annual Bloomberg New Economy Forum 2023 TAR
C. Media and Technology
Date List of Training / Conference / Seminar / Workshop Attendance
Jun 2023 Understanding the Impact of Digital Transformation in the Financial Industry: What Board 
Members Need to Know
RCV
Aug 2023 Macro Trends Shaping the Telco Landscape LGK
Sep 2023 APIs (Application Programming Interface) for Smarter Platforms and Business Processes RA
Nov 2023 TMT Predictions 2023 What’s Next for Technology, Media and Telecommunications LGK
D. Sustainability
Date List of Training / Conference / Seminar / Workshop Attendance
Feb 2023 Cyber Threat Landscape LGK
Apr 2023 Community of Practice Climate Change DYC
May 2023 Driving Clean Growth: UK-Malaysia Clean Growth Handbook Launch and Dialogue RA
Climate Risk Management and Scenario Analysis RA
Cybersecurity Awareness RA
Jun 2023 ESG - Understanding Climate Risks and Opportunities for Banking Industry, and Effective 
Board Oversight on Climate-related Risk
TAR
Cyber Risk & Awareness TAR
Nov 2023 Disclosure Standards of Sustainability LGK
Cybersecurity Crisis Simulation and Tabletop Exercise / Wargames LGK
E. Leadership and Strategy
Date List of Training / Conference / Seminar / Workshop Attendance
Apr 2023 Board & Leadership Talk: Intrapreneurship in Action - Strategies for Nurturing Innovative 
Leaders
RA
May 2023 Minding Her Business: When Women Build Empires DYC
Sep 2023 Advocacy Sessions for Directors and CEOs of Main Market Listed Issuers RCV and MM
Oct 2023 Khazanah Megatrends Forum 2023 KS
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 116 ----
114
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK
Director Remuneration Framework
Our Board’s policy on NED remuneration is premised on the 
following key principles:
• Adequate to attract, motivate and retain world-class  
non-executive talent
• Consistent with recognised best practice and standards 
• Reflective of the experience, time commitment, level 
of responsibilities and complexity shouldered, special 
assignments and risks
• Alignment with the business strategy and long-term 
objectives of our Group 
Director remuneration matters are under NRCGC’s purview  
as per its Charter and guided by the NED Remuneration  
Policy which is subject to annual review.
In determining NED remuneration, the following factors  
(non-exhaustive) are taken into consideration:
(a) Benchmarking against relevant peer groups of similar 
sized listed companies
(b) Estimation of time and commitment required to perform 
roles
(c) Industry specific premiums
(d) Organisational complexity
(e) Organisational business strategy, long-term objectives 
and sustainability goals
(f) Board effectiveness evaluation
Benchmarking of Director remuneration (fees and benefits) is 
carried out at appropriate intervals by NRCGC to ensure that 
it is commensurate with responsibilities, time and effort, and 
is within industry benchmarks.
Astro’s NED remuneration structure comprises fixed fees 
for membership of Board and Board committees, fees 
for chairpersons and per-day meeting allowances, the 
aggregate of which are paid in arrears on a monthly basis, all 
being subject to the total limit approved by shareholders as  
required under Section 230 of the Act. Our Board Chairman 
derives a fixed car allowance and secretarial and 
administrative support. 
In line with good CG practices to ensure objectivity, NEDs are 
not entitled to any share incentives under the L TIP. Individual 
Directors do not participate in discussions and decisions 
relating to their own remuneration.
Directors are entitled to be reimbursed for expenses 
which are reasonably incurred by them in the discharge 
of their duties such as Astro Pay-TV services, travel and  
accommodation, mobile and broadband expenses as well 
as conference / seminar fees. For good governance, claims 
submitted by a Director require approval from our Board 
Chairman, and in turn Chairman’s claims are approved by 
ARC Chairman.
 
Our Company is seeking shareholders’ approval at 
the forthcoming 12 th AGM for the payment of Director  
remuneration for the period commencing 27 June 2024 until 
the next AGM to be held in 2025, of up to RM3.81 million 
in accordance with such remuneration structure as may 
be determined by our Board from time to time, either on a 
monthly basis and/or as and when incurred. The indicative 
remuneration structure that will be adopted is set out below:
Remuneration Rates (RM)
Board Chairman 600,000 per annum
NED 280,000 per annum
ARC
• Chairman 50,000 per annum
• Member 25,000 per annum
NRCGC
• Chairman 40,000 per annum
• Member 20,000 per annum
SBTC
• Chairman 40,000 per annum
• Member 20,000 per annum
New Board committee(s) (if any)
• Chairman 40,000 per annum
• Member 20,000 per annum
Meeting Allowance 1,000 per day
Car Allowance for  
Board Chairman 12,000 per month
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 117 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
115
Based on NRCGC’s recommendation, our Board has reviewed and determined that the proposed remuneration is competitive, 
commensurate with Directors’ responsibilities in the current operating landscape, and within market benchmarks. NRCGC 
considered, among others, the business challenges and progress of Astro’s transformation plans. The total cap of RM3.81 million 
remains unchanged from last year, which has taken into consideration the need to appoint additional director(s) to further reinforce 
our Board’s strengths and independence, additional Board committee(s) and an estimate of the frequency of meetings. 
Directors who are shareholders of Astro are required to abstain from voting on the resolution relating to the payment of Directors’ 
fees and benefits at the AGM. 
Director Remuneration for FY24
Fees Meeting 
Allowance
(RM’000)
Car 
Allowance
(RM’000)
Total
(RM’000)
Board
(RM’000)
ARC 
(RM’000)
NRCGC 
(RM’000)
SBTC 
(RM’000)
Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku Muhriz (1) 600 - 12 - 9 88 709
Renzo Christopher Viegas (2) 280 50 32 28 21 - 411
Nicola Mary Bamford (3) 280 25 - 32 17 - 354
Lim Ghee Keong 280 - 20 20 19 - 339
Simon Cathcart 280 - - 20 14 - 314
Mazita binti Mokty 280 18 - - 9 - 307
Kenneth Shen 280 - - 20 14 - 314
Datuk Yvonne Chia(4) 110 10 16 - 5 - 141
Rossana Annizah binti Ahmad Rashid (5) 183 16 - - 7 - 206
Total 2,573 119 80 120 115 88 3,095
Notes:
(1) Appointed as a member of NRCGC on 22 June 2023
(2) Redesignated as a member of SBTC and Chairman of NRCGC on 22 June 2023
(3) Redesignated as Chairman of SBTC on 22 June 2023
(4) Retired as Director upon conclusion of the AGM on 21 June 2023
(5) Resigned as Director on 25 September 2023
Summary of Director Remuneration
(a) From 11 th  AGM till 31 January 2024 (approximately seven months) : RM1.791 million (representing 47% of the total mandate)
(b) From 11 th  AGM till 12 th  AGM : RM2.936 million* (representing 77% of the total mandate)
(c) From 1 February 2023 till 31 January 2024 (FY24) : RM3.095 million** (FY23: RM3.265 million)
* based on estimated Board size and number of additional meetings 
** mainly due to the reduced number of Directors, offset by car allowance for Board Chairman 
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 118 ----
116
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Astro’s Remuneration Philosophy and Rewards 
Strategy
Astro’s total compensation framework consists of three main 
components - fixed pay elements, variable pay elements and 
non-monetary benefits. The remuneration structure aims to 
balance fixed and variable rewards to incentivise both short-
term and long-term performance. For senior-level employees, 
performance-related elements are emphasised, taking into 
account individual, functional, and corporate performance 
for fair compensation. During hiring, appointment, and 
remuneration, factors considered include an individual’s skills, 
education, experience, accountability, job complexity, and 
collaborative skills (among others).
Fixed Pay Component
Our Group’s full-time employees receive either fixed or performance / commission-based salaries based on their job roles.  
The remuneration system is structured by job grades with predetermined salary ranges that are frequently assessed and 
benchmarked. Senior-level positions generally have a compensation package that is weighted more heavily towards non-cash 
incentives such as share awards.
Variable Pay Component
The variable components at Astro include the annual performance bonus and share awards provided under the L TIP.  
Astro's performance-based compensation includes performance bonuses and merit increments based on individual and overall 
group performance. These rewards are determined annually based on a combination of both financial (such as revenue, PATAMI 
and FCF) and non-financial metrics (including leading growth indicators, employee engagement scores and sustainability 
measures). The targets and weightages assigned to these metrics are approved by our Board in the annual Corporate Scorecard. 
The determination of the annual performance bonus and increment pool is influenced by the overall corporate performance as 
measured against these metrics.
In respect of share awards, the L TIP was established in 2020 for all eligible employees excluding NEDs. L TIP is a 10-year  
programme enabling shares to be awarded to eligible employees as part of Astro’s continuous efforts to:
(a) reward, incentivise and retain existing employees who have contributed to the growth, performance and profitability of our 
Group
(b) align the interests of employees with our Group’s strategic goals to drive longer-term shareholder value enhancement
(c) draw prospective skilled and experienced employees to our Group by making the total compensation package more attractive
Vesting is tied to the achievement of agreed targets over a period of three years as determined by NRCGC and our  
Board, the L TIP being primarily designed to motivate employees to deliver long-term value creation and sustainable growth.  
Under the L TIP By-laws, our Board has discretion in respect of the offer and vesting of share awards taking into consideration 
the principles outlined in the established guidelines based on principles of affordability and stakeholder management as well as  
‘good vs. bad leaver’.
Competitive within the 
relevant industry
Company
affordability
Skill set, experience, 
education, job complexity 
and responsibilities
Fixed and  
variable rewards
Total
Compensation
Framework
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 119 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
117
The employment agreement can be terminated by our 
Company with six months’ prior written notice or by paying 
six months’ base salary in lieu of notice of termination and  
under specific events of default such as a breach of contract 
or misconduct, it may be terminated without notice in  
accordance with the terms of the agreement.
In line with the “Pay for Performance” culture and the 
remuneration framework for chief executives in most global 
organisations, our GCEO’s remuneration is linked heavily to 
performance. His total compensation package is in principle 
40% fixed and 60% variable. Performance is assessed 
annually against the agreed metrics established by our Board 
in the annual Corporate Scorecard in order to determine the 
cash performance bonus. In respect of share awards granted 
under the L TIP, vesting is determined based on achievement 
of agreed performance targets (market-based and  
operational-based) over a 3-year period, including total 
shareholder return.
Details of our GCEO’s interest in AMH Shares pursuant to 
Appendix 9C(23)(b)(ii), Chapter 9 of the MMLR are set out 
on page 154 of IAR2024 under Analysis of Shareholdings as  
at the LPD.
GCEO REMUNERATION
As reported last year, Euan Smith assumed the position of 
GCEO in February 2023, having joined our Group in 2020 
as GCOO and CEO, TV. His employment contract as GCEO  
commenced on 1 February 2023 for a period of two years 
which may be further extended by mutual agreement upon 
its expiry.
The GCEO remuneration package takes into consideration 
the prevailing market rates, industry benchmarks and  
individual strengths, and comprises the following  
components, which include:
(a) Fixed basic salary over the 2-year contractual period
(b) Short-term incentives in the form of cash performance 
bonus, which is discretionary in nature, subject to 
meeting the agreed performance targets
(c) Long-term share incentives under the L TIP subject to 
achieving the agreed vesting criteria
(d) Benefits including a company car with a driver, or in 
lieu thereof, a fixed car allowance as well as medical 
coverage and expatriate benefits such as housing 
allowance, home leave passage and dependants’ travel 
passage
Astro’s practice of setting individual KPIs and targets at the start of each financial year helps employees align their goals with 
organisational objectives. The inclusion of people-related KPI for managers and core values KPI for all employees reinforces  
company values and promotes a positive workplace culture. Regular performance reviews allow for progress assessment, 
identification of deficiencies and implementation of necessary actions to improve overall performance, leading to increased 
productivity and employee engagement within the organisation.
Benefits
Astro contributes between the minimum statutory rate and 15% of employees’ basic salary to the EPF, based on their salary 
rate. We aim to balance simplicity with competitiveness when it comes to our benefits scheme, making it easy to understand 
for our employees. Astro offers a range of benefits, including medical and hospitalisation coverage for both employees and their 
dependents, long-term disability benefits, critical illness coverage, dental care services, health screenings (as part of our health 
and wellness programme) and lifestyle-related expenses up to certain limits which is based on job grade. These benefits aim to  
provide comprehensive coverage for our employees while promoting a healthy workforce. 
Health & Wellness
Life & Personal 
Accident Insurance
Medical & 
Hospitalisation Insurance
Lifestyle BenefitsFinancial Expenses
Employee 
Benefit 
Scheme
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 120 ----
118
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Financial Reporting
Our Board ensures that a fair and objective assessment of Astro’s financial position and prospects is provided in our quarterly 
financial results, annual financial statements, integrated annual reports and all other reports or statements to shareholders, 
investors and relevant regulatory authorities. The Directors’ Responsibility Statement in respect of the preparation of our Annual 
Audited Financial Statements for FY24 is set out on page 2 of our <Audited Financial Statements 2024>.
Audit and Risk Management
Astro has a combined ARC for oversight of our Group’s financial reporting and audit process, risk management and internal 
control. ARC comprises members who are both financially literate and have the necessary knowledge and experience in risk  
management. ARC’s oversight facilitates more effective risk management in creating long-term enterprise value, and allows for 
checks and balances of the audit function.
The responsibilities of ARC as set out in the ARC Charter include:
(a) Review of our Group’s financial statements to enable a true and fair view of our financial position and compliance with 
applicable financial reporting standards
(b) Review of the enterprise risk management framework and risk management strategies for the purpose of managing our 
Group’s overall risk exposures, including bribery and corruption risks
(c) Review of ESG disclosures and oversight of COI
(d) Oversight of the overall compliance function and monitoring compliance with internal policies, legal and regulatory 
requirements
The re-appointment, resignation or dismissal of the external auditor comes under ARC’s purview. ARC conducts an annual 
evaluation of the external auditor to ensure their suitability, objectivity and independence. Based on ARC’s recommendation, our 
Company will be seeking shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming 12th AGM for the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
as external auditors in accordance with Section 271(4) of the Act.
Details of ARC’s responsibilities and activities are set out in the ARC Report on pages 126 to 131 of IAR2024.
MCCG PRINCIPLE B EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT
MCCG PRINCIPLE C INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP 
WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Adequacy of Information
Transparency is one of the four key principles that guides our relationship with stakeholders. Our Board and Management are 
committed to ensuring fair and equal dissemination of both financial and non-financial information to enable our stakeholders to 
form objective and informed views.
We are guided by the Guidelines for Disclosure of Material Information that are aligned with Chapter 9 and 10 of the MMLR, 
plus internal policies that include the Spokesperson Policy, Social Media Policy and Guidelines for Appointed Social Media 
Practitioners. These policies regulate Astro’s interactions with stakeholders while ensuring timely, adequate and fair disclosure 
of material information to the market, including prohibiting the leakage of price-sensitive information. The Social Media Policy 
lists down guidelines for employees to adhere to, including taking responsibility for content posted that may impact Astro and  
exercising good judgement and common sense.
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 121 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
119
The Kuala Lumpur Composite Index (KLCI) saw moderate volatility throughout FY24 impacted by macroeconomic headwinds, 
sluggish consumer sentiment, geopolitical as well as domestic political events, ending the financial year 6% higher. Astro’s share 
price with dividend reinvested eased 41%. Given the escalation towards a streaming environment, persistent piracy threats and 
the muted consumer climate, Astro is accelerating its transformation towards becoming an agile, on-demand streaming company 
with a lighter cost structure.
Astro upholds high standards of corporate disclosure and transparency to protect shareholders’ interest. We keep our lines of 
communication open and ensure impartial treatment of investors by promptly and equitably disseminating financial and strategic 
business updates.
Dividend
Astro has consistently delivered returns over the years in the form of dividends with a total of RM5.0 billion in dividends  
distributed since our IPO in 2012. Given the shifting media landscape, our Board revised Astro’s dividend policy in September 2023 
to better balance between reinvesting to grow adjacent businesses, preserving liquidity and rewarding shareholders. The new 
dividend policy, effective FY24, is to distribute annual dividends from consolidated PATAMI.
In FY24, dividend of 0.25 sen per share was paid, amounting to RM13 million and 35% of our Group’s consolidated PATAMI for the 
year. Our Group continued to be cash generative, with RM637 million in FCF, or 3.6x of normalised PATAMI.
FY22 FY23 FY24
Total dividend declared per share (sen) 6.75 3.00 0.25
Dividend payout as % of PATAMI 76% 60% 35%
Dividends are paid within 30 days from the date of declaration in respect of an interim dividend, and from the date of shareholders’ 
approval in respect of a final dividend (if any).
Dividend Period Amount (sen) Declaration Date Entitlement Date Payment Date
Q1 FY24 0.25 19 June 2023 5 July 2023 18 July 2023
INVESTOR RELATIONS
2 Feb 2023
Price as of 2 Feb 2023
Rebased to 100
31 Jan 2024
Millions
30140
120
100
80
0
20
40
60
25
20
15
10
0
5
KLCI with dividends reinvested (RM)Price with dividends reinvested (RM)Volume
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 122 ----
120
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
The AGM is an important forum for our Board and SL T to 
engage with all our shareholders. The AGM has been held 
virtually since 2020 in accordance with the Guidance Notes 
on the Conduct of General Meetings issued by the Securities 
Commission. Our Board has decided to continue with this 
practice of a virtual AGM as it is not only more cost effective, 
but has garnered an increased level of participation and 
engagement from our shareholders year-on-year (as seen on 
page 104 of IAR2024). The average time spent by our Board 
and SL T on the Q&A session during our AGM is approximately 
one hour, covering a broad range of topics including strategy, 
pricing, business and financial performance, and governance. 
In deciding to conduct the AGM virtually, our Board took into 
consideration positive feedback from shareholders that a 
virtual AGM provides more flexibility for them to attend and 
raise questions.
Our practice is to provide at least 28 days’ notice prior to the 
AGM in accordance with Practice 13.1 of MCCG to enable 
adequate time for shareholders to plan their attendance 
or lodge proxy forms. The Notice of AGM is advertised in 
one nationally circulated daily newspaper. Notification to 
our shareholders (which includes links to download the  
Integrated Annual Report, Circular to Shareholders, CG 
Report, Notice of AGM, Proxy Form and Administrative Guide) 
Proactively Engaging the Investment Community
SL T and the Investor Relations team conduct both in-person and virtual meetings throughout the year to maintain dialogue 
with the investment community. In FY24, a total of 50 group and one-to-one meetings as well as teleconference sessions were 
held. In light of the shifting market conditions and increasing competitive intensity, these engagements provide institutional 
investors and analysts a better grasp of Astro’s strategies, business and ESG developments, financial performance and  
prospects to aid their investment assessment and decision-making process. 
Our GCEO, GCFO and SL T are present at our quarterly earnings calls to provide colour on key developments and field questions 
regarding our businesses. The Communications team regularly updates the public and media on latest Group developments via our 
corporate website, press releases, social media posts and press conferences.
Our stock is actively covered by 13 institutional research houses while our diverse investor base includes reputable local and 
international funds. Our foreign shareholding is stable at 17% of free float as at 31 January 2024.
Astro was once again awarded Most Outstanding Company in Malaysia for the Media & Entertainment Sector in Asiamoney 
Asia’s Outstanding Companies Poll 2023, with corporates recognised for excellence in financial performance, management team,  
investor relations and corporate social responsibility.
Our Investor Relations website corporate.astro.com.my is updated regularly with the latest corporate, financial and 
stock information, and includes links to our quarterly results, integrated annual reports and ESG website.
Our Investor Relations team is contactable at ir@astro.com.my
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (AGM)
is sent via email. Where shareholders are uncontactable, the 
notification will be sent via post. Shareholders can also access 
a copy via our corporate website. 
During the AGM, shareholders are updated on our Group’s 
performance, key achievements and plans. Shareholders and 
proxies are entitled to vote on the proposed resolutions and 
pose questions (before and during the AGM) via a secure 
online meeting platform. Our Board and SL T are committed 
to answering all relevant questions during the AGM within a 
reasonably allocated time frame.
Our Board has designated our Senior INED as a point of 
contact to shareholders and other stakeholders. Queries 
may also be provided via email to the GCFO and Company 
Secretary:
Renzo Christoper Viegas (Senior INED) 
Email: renzo_viegas@astro.com.my
Dr. Grace Lee Hwee Ling (GCFO) 
Email: grace_lee@astro.com.my
Liew Wei Yee Sharon (Company Secretary) 
Email: sharon_liew@astro.com.my
Corporate Governance Overview

---- Page 123 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
121
Board Committee Reports
Our Board has, in accordance with its powers under the Constitution, established several committees to manage the affairs of 
our Group. As indicated in the CG framework on page 99, our Board is assisted by the ARC, NRCGC and SBTC. The Company  
Secretary acts as the secretary to these Board committees.
These committees have clear mandates and oversight responsibilities which are formally documented in their 
terms of reference which are reviewed annually and approved by our Board. The charters of the statutory Board  
committees, namely ARC and NRCGC, are accessible by scanning this QR code.
NOMINATION, REMUNERATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE REPORT
(in accordance with paragraph 15.08A(3) of the MMLR setting out the activities of NRCGC in the discharge of its duties in FY24)
Composition
The composition of NRCGC complies with Paragraph 15.08A of the MMLR that a nominating committee shall comprise exclusively 
of NEDs, a majority of whom shall be independent. NRCGC members who were in office during FY24 and as at the date of this 
Report are as follows:
Name Appointment Date Directorship
Renzo Christopher Viegas (Chairman)
– redesignated as Chairman w.e.f. 22 June 2023
1 April 2021 Senior INED
Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku Muhriz (Member) 22 June 2023 INED
Lim Ghee Keong (Member) 1 April 2021 NINED
Datuk Yvonne Chia (Chairman)  
– resigned w.e.f. 21 June 2023
1 April 2021 INED
The Chairman of NRCGC is also our Senior INED, therefore adhering to Practice 5.8 of MCCG that the nominating committee should 
be chaired by an INED or Senior INED. 
Roles and Responsibilities
The NRCGC Charter was adopted and approved by our Board in April 2021 setting out NRCGC’s roles, responsibilities and powers. 
The NRCGC Charter was last reviewed in December 2023, where it was enhanced to provide clarity on NRCGC’s responsibilities in 
managing COI in line with recent amendments to the MMLR.
NRCGC is responsible for developing and reviewing the overall framework, processes and criteria for the nomination and 
remuneration of Directors and key management, in addition to exercising oversight of CG practices and policies.
In summary, NRCGC’s functions include:
CG
• Review of CG framework and 
Group policies
• Review of disclosures pertaining 
to our Group’s CG practices to 
stakeholders
• Assessment of COI involving 
Directors and key management
Nomination
• Review of size, composition and 
effectiveness of Board and Board 
committees to ensure an optimal 
balance
• Nomination and/or appointment of 
Directors and key management
• Formulation and implementation 
of procedures for the selection and 
appointment of Directors
• Review of organisational structure 
and succession plans
Remuneration
• Development of remuneration 
framework and policies in relation 
to Directors, key management and 
subsidiary directors 
• Review of NED and key 
management remuneration
• Assessment of corporate 
performance, including bonus and 
increment proposals
• Recommendation of the annual 
Corporate Scorecard
• Administration of L TIP to drive 
long-term performance and talent 
retention

---- Page 124 ----
122
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Board Committee: NRCGC Report
Meeting Attendance
The requisite quorum stipulated in the NRCGC Charter is for two members to be present, the majority of whom shall be INEDs.  
The NRCGC meets regularly to deliberate nomination, remuneration and CG matters under its Charter. During FY24, five NRCGC 
meetings were held and the attendance at such meetings is indicated below:
 KEY FOCUS AREAS IN FY24
Board Size and 
Composition
(a) NRCGC reviews our Board size and composition to ensure compliance with the MMLR and the extent 
of adherence to the MCCG. Board appointments are assessed by NRCGC based on individual merits 
taking into consideration the Board selection and diversity criteria, DFPP and Board skills matrix.  
The breakdown of our Board composition by gender, tenure and competencies is on page 105
(b) Astro has a well-balanced Board composition comprising individuals with diverse backgrounds and 
experience. NRCGC’s primary focus continues to be on increasing the representation of INEDs in line 
with Practice 5.2 of the MCCG, and supplementing our Board’s skill sets. NRCGC also reviews our 
Board composition to maintain an appropriate balance between INEDs and NINEDs to ensure a fair 
representation while safeguarding minority interests
 
(c) It is our Board’s philosophy that gender diversity and inclusivity are crucial for a balanced and  
dynamic Board. Our Board comprised more than 30% females for three quarters in FY24 until 
the resignation of DYC and RA, which resulted in our female representation dipping below 30%.  
DYC retired from our Board after serving nine years as INED in accordance with the policy to limit  
the tenure of INEDs, per Practice 5.4 of the MCCG. RA, who was a nominee of EPF, stepped down 
after EPF ceased to be a substantial shareholder of Astro
INEDs Female Directors Representation of major shareholders
43% 29% 57%
Director 
Appointment and 
Re-election
(a) At the forthcoming AGM, two out of seven Directors shall retire by rotation. KS and MM who are the 
longest in office since their last re-election will be retiring and are seeking shareholders’ approval 
for re-election. KS is a nominee Director of Khazanah Nasional Berhad (Khazanah)and MM is a  
nominee Director of Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd (UTSB). Both Khazanah and UTSB are substantial 
shareholders of our Company
(b) In arriving at its recommendation, NRCGC took into consideration the said Directors’ performance and 
contributions based on the FY24 BEE, which included a fit and proper assessment. The rationale for 
NRCGC’s recommendation are set out on page 107 of IAR2024
(c) In relation to the search for an additional INED, NRCGC has reviewed a pool of candidates based 
on the agreed selection criteria which took into account the Board skills matrix and our Group’s  
strategic direction. Shortlisted candidates are being interviewed by NRCGC and other Directors
RCV
5/5
TAR
2/2
LGK
5/5
NRCGC meetings 
are attended by 
our GCEO and 
where required, 
the GCFO and 
Director, People 
& Workplace
DYC
3/3

---- Page 125 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
123
Board Committee: NRCGC Report
Board Effectiveness 
Evaluation (BEE)
(a) Deloitte, an independent consultant was engaged to carry out the FY24 BEE in accordance  
with the Board Charter which requires same to be performed every three years. NRCGC shortlisted 
and selected Deloitte based on the proposed scope, deliverables and fees
(b) The evaluation highlighted, among others, that from a composition and capabilities perspective, 
our Board and Management benefit from having a seasoned Chairman and Directors with  
multi-faceted skills and experience. In addition, the cohesiveness of our Board has produced a 
healthy exchange of ideas and free expression without fear or favour, and Board deliberations were 
conducted with a high level of rigour, professionalism and candour
(c) Based on the FY24 BEE, steering Astro towards the vision of becoming a digital and streaming 
company invariably requires our Board to have the relevant digital and new media expertise, 
deeper insights on consumer behaviour which have changed significantly over the years, and 
global exposure in media companies that have undergone transformation from a traditional  
Pay-TV company. The nomination function, more specifically in terms of succession planning for 
both Board and Management, was also identified as an area of development. NRCGC tracks the  
progress of the agreed measures arising from the evaluation, and reports to our Board periodically
Organisational 
Structure, Key 
Management 
Appointments and 
Succession Plans
(a) Astro’s organisational structure continues to evolve with our strategic goals to deliver the 
right business outcomes through a careful selection of talents. Key changes to our Group  
organisational structure including the appointment of key management are reviewed by NRCGC 
based on our GCEO’s recommendation, save for the appointment / removal of GCEO, GCFO, Company 
Secretary and Head of Corporate Assurance which are Board reserved matters
(b) NRCGC reviewed the organisational structure with our GCEO and Director, People & Workplace 
during the year. The Executive Committee was dissolved and a leaner senior leadership structure 
was established, promoting direct accountability and reporting clarity. In December 2023,  
we announced the resignation of our GCFO and the appointment of his successor with effect 
from 1 January 2024, demonstrating that a robust management succession plan is in place to  
minimise any potential business impact and to ensure a smooth transition in the event of any key 
leadership change
(c) Our Board and NRCGC have reviewed the performance of our GCEO and GCFO in FY24, and are of 
the view that they are individuals who possess the necessary competencies for their responsibilities, 
and have the character, experience, integrity and time to effectively discharge their respective roles in 
compliance with Paragraph 2.20A of the MMLR
(d) During FY24, NRCGC reviewed the workforce rationalisation plans with a view to simplifying the 
organisation, streamlining operations and reducing operating expense. A VSS was implemented  
in 2023 in order to strengthen Astro’s position and focus on our core business activities
Director 
Remuneration
(a) The remuneration framework and policies for our Directors are based on certain key principles. 
Remuneration should be adequate to attract, motivate and retain individuals of high calibre, within 
industry standards, reflect the experience, time commitment, level of responsibilities and complexity 
shouldered, be commensurate with special assignments and risks, and aligned with Astro’s business 
strategy and long-term objectives
(b) Director remuneration is reviewed by NRCGC annually prior to seeking shareholders’ approval 
as required under Section 230 of the Act. Approval was obtained from our shareholders at the  
11 th  AGM in June 2023 for the payment of Directors’ fees and benefits of up to RM3.81 million
(c) NRCGC has reviewed the current Director remuneration schedule and recommended to maintain  
the existing remuneration limit of up to RM3.81 million, subject to shareholders’ approval being 
obtained at the 12 th  AGM. Based on NRCGC’s review, the remuneration rates are competitive, 
commensurate with Directors’ responsibilities in the current operating landscape and within the 
market benchmarks when taking into consideration, amongst other factors, our business challenges 
and transformation plans

---- Page 126 ----
124
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
GCEO and Key 
Management 
Performance and 
Remuneration
(a) NRCGC appraises the performance of our GCEO and GCFO annually, and recommends any  
changes to their remuneration for Board approval. In addition, the NRCGC considers the performance 
of other key management reporting to our GCEO and approves their remuneration based on our 
GCEO’s recommendation
(b) In determining the overall bonus and increment proposal for employees for FY24, NRCGC 
takes into consideration of our Group’s performance against the KPIs set out in the approved 
Corporate Scorecard, our financial position as well as external macroeconomics and business 
factors, including movements in the consumer price index and average payouts by comparable  
companies. Board approval is sought for the overall bonus and increment proposal in each financial 
year based on NRCGC’s recommendation
Annual Corporate 
Scorecard
(a) The annual Corporate Scorecard is reviewed by NRCGC and approved by our Board. The scorecard 
sets out the base and stretch annual targets to achieve progressive and sustainable business  
growth in line with our Group’s 3-year strategic plan. The scorecard is also reviewed by SBTC to 
ensure the alignment of strategies and rewards
(b) The FY24 Corporate Scorecard comprised both financial indicators (including revenue, 
PATAMI and FCF) and non-financial indicators (including leading growth indicators, employee  
engagement and sustainability) with appropriate weightages. The Corporate Scorecard, 
which is the key measure of Management’s performance, is cascaded from our GCEO to SL T to  
ensure alignment and pursuit of common goals
Long Term 
Incentive Plan 
(LTIP)
(a) As the designated scheme committee, NRCGC implements and administers the L TIP in  
accordance with the L TIP By-laws. The L TIP is a 10-year programme which is aimed at rewarding, 
incentivising and retaining existing talents while aligning employees’ interests with Astro’s strategic 
goals of delivering long-term shareholder value enhancement and attracting / retaining talents in our 
organisation
(b) Performance share units (PSU) are awarded to eligible senior leaders while restricted share units 
(RSU) are awarded to mid-level key talents, for the purposes of achieving sustainable growth 
and talent retention. Such awards vest on a deferred basis subject to the agreed performance 
metrics and targets over a 3-year period being met, which are set by our Board after a rigorous 
review by NRCGC. PSU targets consist of market and operational drivers such as total  
shareholder return (TSR) and company performance. TSR is a key metric to align employees’ 
interests with those of our shareholders’, thus enabling long-term value creation. The RSU targets are 
based on our Company’s earnings before interest and taxation (EBIT) and individual performance.  
Our Board and NRCGC are empowered under the L TIP By-laws to exercise due discretion to enable 
vesting (whether full or partial), if justified
(c) The value of the PSU grant is derived from a multiple of monthly base salary. The RSU grant is a fixed 
quantum. The total number of shares to be awarded is determined based on the five days’ weighted 
average market price of our Company’s shares prior to the offer date as per the summary below:
Grant date Award Total no. of shares Vesting year
11 Dec 2020 PSU and RSU grants 19,081,900 2023
16 Apr 2021 PSU and RSU grants 22,708,800 2024
21 Nov 2022 PSU and RSU grants 35,519,278 2025
18 Dec 2023 PSU and RSU grants 41,271,500 2026
Board Committee: NRCGC Report

---- Page 127 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
125
Long Term 
Incentive Plan 
(LTIP) (Cont’d)
(d) During the year, NRCGC reviewed the L TIP grant issued in December 2020, due for vesting in 2023. 
Taking into consideration our Group’s performance against the agreed 3-year performance targets, 
including the impact of the Movement Control Orders imposed in 2020 to 2021 during the COVID-19 
pandemic which were outside Management’s control, vesting was granted in respect of 35% of 
total PSU (with the balance forfeited) for senior leaders, while RSU for key talents were granted  
full vesting
(e) NRCGC recognised that post-completion of the VSS, a new L TIP grant could help motivate 
and drive the (much changed) current team of senior leaders to deliver long term goals and 
retain mid-level key talents. A new L TIP grant was therefore awarded in FY24 to selected 
employees based on the agreed performance metrics and targets over a period of three years 
from FY24 to FY26. For more information, please refer to our Company’s announcement on  
18 December 2023
CG Framework and 
Practices
(a) Astro continues to benchmark itself against the best practices outlined in the MCCG. In FY24, 
we recorded seven departures compared to five in FY23. The additional departures relate to  
Practice 5.9 arising from the retirement / resignation of DYC and RA, and in relation to  
Practice 1.4 due to changes to NRCGC composition. Our Board Chairman was appointed as a 
member of NRCGC to ensure INEDs form the majority of NRCGC, and this will be reviewed upon the 
appointment of an additional INED. Further details are outlined in the CG Report
(b) NRCGC also reviews our Group’s position vis-à-vis the FTSE Russell ESG rating criteria where 
Astro has consistently scored well in the governance assessment. In FY24, the areas of  
improvement that were noted include ARC composition (to comprise wholly of INEDs), senior 
management’s remuneration disclosure, shareholders’ right to vote on all directors’ re-election 
annually and disclosure of executive remuneration
 
(c) In recognition of the need to focus on environmental sustainability, our Board’s principal 
responsibilities as set out in the Board Charter were expanded to address climate governance 
and climate-related risks and opportunities, notwithstanding that a media business has a  
smaller carbon footprint compared to many other industries
(d) NRCGC reviewed the adequacy of our Group’s COI governance framework including policies and 
procedures to ensure compliance with the enhanced MMLR. Our Directors and key management 
are required to furnish their self-declarations in respect of COI annually for NRCGC and ARC’s 
review. At the same time, we have strengthened the guidelines for employees’ disclosure of external 
shareholdings and interests under the CoBE
(e) The NRCGC Report, CG Overview and CG Report are reviewed by NRCGC and approved by our 
Board as part of the annual reporting cycle, to provide clear and transparent disclosures on Astro’s 
CG framework and practices to all our stakeholders
Board Committee: NRCGC Report

---- Page 128 ----
126
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE REPORT
(in accordance with Paragraph 15.15(1) of the MMLR setting out the activities of ARC in the discharge of its duties in FY24)
ARC was established on 1 April 2011 to assist our Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities through a review of the financial 
reporting process, risk management, internal control system and overall compliance with relevant applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements.
In discharging its responsibilities, ARC is guided by the ARC Charter. The Charter was last reviewed and approved by our Board in 
June 2023.
Composition
ARC members who were in office during FY24 and up to the date of this report are as follows:
Name Appointment Date Directorship
Renzo Christopher Viegas (Chairman) 1 December 2017 Senior INED
Nicola Mary Bamford (Member) 23 June 2022 INED
Mazita binti Mokty (Member) 
– resigned w.e.f. 22 June 2023 and re-appointed on 26 September 2023
26 September 2023 NINED
Datuk Yvonne Chia (Member) 
– resigned w.e.f. 21 June 2023
1 January 2014 Senior INED
Rossana Annizah binti Ahmad Rashid (Member)  
– resigned w.e.f. 25 September 2023
23 June 2022 NINED
ARC’s composition complies with the MMLR and MCCG except for MCCG Practice 9.4 (Step Up) and Practice 10.3 (Step Up):
MMLR Requirements Commentary
Paragraphs 15.09(1)(a) & (b) ARC comprises three members, all of whom are NEDs, with a majority of them being  
independent directors
Paragraph 15.09(1)(c) ARC Chairman is a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants and a Fellow Member of 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
Paragraph 15.09(2) No alternate Director has been appointed as a member of ARC
Paragraph 15.10 ARC Chairman is the Senior INED
MCCG Best Practices Commentary
Practice 9.1 ARC Chairman is not the Chairman of our Board 
Practice 9.2 • The ARC Charter stipulates that no former partner of the external audit firm of our Company 
shall be appointed as a member of ARC before observing a cooling-off period of at least 
three years
• No former audit partner has been appointed to the ARC to date
Practice 9.3 There are policies and procedures to assess the suitability, objectivity and independence of the 
external auditor
Practice 9.4 (Step Up) ARC composition is not comprised solely of INEDs
Practice 9.5 • ARC comprises members with wide-ranging skills to discharge their duties
• All members are financially literate, competent and able to understand matters under the 
purview of ARC, including the financial reporting process
Refer to pages 111 to 113 for details on the continuous professional development of ARC 
members
Practice 10.3 (Step Up) Combined ARC established instead of a standalone risk management committee
Board Committee: ARC Report

---- Page 129 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
127
Meetings and Attendance
• During FY24, ARC conducted four meetings that were each fully attended, thus meeting the quorum requirements stipulated in 
the ARC Charter. 
• Meeting materials, including qualitative and quantitative information, were distributed at least five days before each meeting.  
The agenda was finalised based on consultation with ARC Chairman, SL T, Company Secretary, and Head of Corporate  
Assurance (CA).
• GCEO, GCFO and Head of CA attended ARC meetings by invitation to contribute relevant insights and advice to the ARC on 
agenda items. The Company Secretary acted as secretary to the ARC. 
• External auditor representatives from PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) also attended meetings and presented their reports on 
external audit and review matters. 
• After each meeting, the ARC Chairman submitted a report on the deliberations, decisions and recommendations of ARC to our 
Board for their information and attention. Significant matters reserved for Board approval were tabled at our Board meetings.
• ARC Chairman engaged with key SL T members, particularly the GCFO, Head of CA, Senior Assistant Vice President, Group  
Risk Management, and PwC, for ongoing updates on key matters and issues affecting our Group. 
• The proceedings of ARC meetings, including key observations, were recorded in the minutes. The signed minutes were then 
tabled for confirmation at the next ARC meeting before being presented to our Board for notation. Procedures such as quorum 
and voting restrictions were in place to ensure balanced and effective decision-making.
Key Focus Areas in FY24
Financial Reporting
Reviewed and recommended to our Board the quarterly financial reports released within two months from the end of each 
quarter ended April 2023, July 2023, October 2023 and January 2024, and the related announcements
Reviewed the draft statutory financial statements of our Company and Group, and upon ARC being satisfied that the said 
financial statements were in accordance with provisions of the Act and applicable approved MFRS, submitted the same to 
our Board for its consideration and approval
Reviewed our Company’s solvency and ability to continue as a going concern every quarter before approval of the financial 
statements, as well as the ability of our Company to pay dividends
Received regular updates on the developments of new accounting standards and considered the impact of those standards 
on our Group’s financial reporting process
Reviewed Management’s impairment analysis and key assumptions used
Board Committee: ARC Report
External Audit
Reviewed and recommended the terms of PwC’s engagement for our Board’s approval
Reviewed the annual evaluation of PwC’s performance and effectiveness, which was coordinated and conducted by the 
Company Secretary in March 2024. Based on ARC’s recommendation, our Board has recommended the re-appointment of 
PwC as Auditors of our Company to hold office until the next AGM in 2025 in accordance with Section 271(4) of the Act
Continued to oversee the relationship with, and performance of, PwC, including approval of their fees
Deliberated the results and issues arising from the external auditor’s review of the quarterly financial results and audit of 
year-end financial statements, including key audit matters and the Internal Control Memorandum (ICM). The status and 
progress thereof were reported to ARC on a quarterly basis
Reviewed PwC’s detailed audit plan, identifying their audit scope, approach and assessment of key audit risks and delivery 
targets for FY24

---- Page 130 ----
128
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Internal Audit
Reviewed and approved the FY24 risk-based annual audit plan to ensure comprehensiveness of audit coverage and  
resources to execute the internal audit functions effectively
Reviewed and deliberated the internal audit reports, audit recommendations and relevant corresponding actions at its 
quarterly meetings
Monitored Management’s implementation of CA recommendations on a quarterly basis until duly resolved
Reviewed and approved the annual CA Charter review
Reviewed the performance appraisal and approved the performance rewards of the Head of CA and the adequacy of  
internal audit resources
ARC Chairman held private meetings and discussions at least once every quarter with the Head of CA on internal audit 
reports, investigation results, status of outstanding recommendations and any related matters
External Audit (Cont'd)
Reviewed PwC’s FY24 written affirmation of its independence to act as our Company’s external auditor in accordance  
with relevant professional and regulatory requirements. Our Group restricts the employment of former PwC employees to 
ensure independence and avoid any conflict of interest, as stated in our Policy on Employment of Members of the External 
Auditor. In FY24, there was no employment of any current or former partner of PwC, as well as any current or former member 
of the audit engagement team or their family members
Reviewed the fees of total non-audit work carried out by the external auditor. The ARC remains satisfied that providing 
non-audit services does not impair PwC’s independence and objectivity. During FY24, our Group and Company incurred  
non-audit fees of RM0.5 million and Nil, respectively [FY23: RM0.2 million (Group) and Nil (Company)]. These non-audit fees 
were incurred relating to agreed-upon procedures, regulatory compliance reporting, tax and advisory services
Reviewed the PwC Malaysia Transparency Report 2023 and PwC’s representations on its quality control procedures 
concerning engagement performance
Held meetings with the external auditor without Management’s presence as deemed necessary. In addition, ARC Chairman 
held private sessions with PwC and the Head of CA every quarter, and as and when required
Board Committee: ARC Report
Related Party Transactions (RPTs) and Conflicts of Interest (COI)
Reviewed the quarterly report on utilisation of mandated RRPTs to ensure compliance with the MMLR and our Group’s Policy 
on RPTs. Based on the approved RRPT mandate, ARC is satisfied that there were reasonable controls in monitoring the 
amounts transacted during the year
Reviewed the RPTs entered into by our Group to ensure that:
• RPTs have been conducted based on our Group’s normal commercial terms and are not to the detriment of our Group’s 
minority shareholders
• Proper disclosures are made in accordance with the MMLR
• Actual transaction values for the RRPTs are within the mandate approved by our shareholders
• RPTs with Khazanah group are conducted at arm’s length in accordance with the waiver criteria by Bursa Malaysia

---- Page 131 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
129
Related Party Transactions (RPTs) and Conflicts of Interest (COI) (Cont’d)
Reviewed the estimated RRPT mandate for the ensuing year and the FY24 Circular to Shareholders in respect of new, and 
renewal of, shareholders’ mandate for RRPTs before seeking our Board’s approval
Reviewed the COI governance framework to ensure alignment with the enhanced MMLR. The ARC Charter was enhanced  
to expand ARC responsibilities to review and disclose COI situations involving Directors and key management
Whistleblowing
Reviewed the investigation arising from disclosures reported to the Whistleblowing Line channels to ensure that appropriate 
actions were taken and any appropriate improvements to prevent recurrence were implemented
Reviewed and approved the revision of the Whistleblowing Policy and Procedures to further enhance and improve the 
effective implementation of the policy within our Group
Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)
Reviewed the verification performed by CA on the vesting of L TIP in July 2023 and granting of L TIP in December 2023 to 
ensure allocation of shares were in accordance with approved L TIP criteria
Risk Management and Internal Controls
Reviewed our Group’s risk profile quarterly, focusing on key risks identified on pages 21 to 25, as well as risk management 
systems and processes, including risk appetite and tolerance
Reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls based on the results of the work performed by PwC and CA 
that is tabled in ARC meetings every quarter. ARC also reviewed the SORMIC for inclusion in this IAR2024
Further details on our Group’s risk management process are included in the SORMIC on pages 132 to 138
Other Matters
Received updates on:
• Business and financial performance across our Group
• Competitive operating landscape of our Group
• IT security with emphasis on cybersecurity
• Treasury, including the sources and uses of cash, analysis of working capital, compliance status of debt covenants, vendor 
financing and debt facilities, foreign exchange management and financing options
• Tax, including the status of tax filings and audits of selected entities of our Group by the Inland Revenue Board and other 
authorities
• Regulatory compliance and status of material litigations to ensure that these matters have been appropriately reflected in 
the financial statements. Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries has been or is involved in any material litigation, claims 
or arbitration either as plaintiff or defendant
Board Committee: ARC Report

---- Page 132 ----
130
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Internal Audit Function
The in-house internal audit function supports ARC by undertaking a systematic, disciplined approach in evaluating and improving 
the effectiveness of our Group’s risk management, control and governance processes. CA also provides advisory input on 
Management’s initiatives to strengthen our governance framework.
CA functions are summarised as follows: 
Reporting Structure • CA reports directly to ARC to ensure impartiality and independence in executing its role
• Head of CA reports both functionally and administratively to ARC Chairman to ensure impartiality and 
independence in executing this role
Independence All CA personnel have declared to ARC that they are free from any relationships or conflicts of interest which 
could impair their objectivity or independence
Charter The CA Charter governs CA’s purpose, authority and responsibilities and grants CA unrestricted access to 
information required in the course of its work
Auditing Standards CA adopts the Institute of Internal Auditors’ International Professional Practices Framework and the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) internal control framework 
in performing its activities
Audit Planning • CA continues to adopt a risk-based approach in developing its audit plan to ensure the prioritisation of 
audits based on our Group’s strategies, objectives and key risks. In deriving the audit plan, inputs from 
various sources are considered, including:
- Group risk profiles and business plans
- Previous external and internal audit issues
- Materiality, criticality and significant changes in business operations
- Feedback from business unit heads, SL T, PwC and ARC
• On 21 March 2023, ARC considered and approved CA’s annual audit plan for FY24, which included 
audits of business and support units across our Group
• Changes to the audit plan are communicated promptly to the ARC
Audit Execution • In FY24, CA performed planned reviews which included financial, operational, technology and information 
system audits covering customer contact centre, payroll processing, AACF, new salesforce field service 
system, business continuity plan and freelance unit
• Additionally, CA also performed ad hoc reviews, which included a review of significant proposed RPTs 
to ensure they are conducted at arm’s length basis and not detrimental to the interests of minority 
shareholders, as well as governance enhancement reviews related to policies and procedures
Whistleblowing • Our Group has adopted the WPP to enable whistleblowers to raise concerns in confidence and to ensure 
independent investigations are duly conducted, and follow-up actions are taken and brought to the 
attention of ARC
• CA manages the Whistleblowing Line for our Group and performs ad hoc investigations based on 
disclosures reported to the Whistleblowing Line and other channels
• During FY24, the Whistleblowing Line received a total of eight ethics, conflict of interest and  
integrity-related disclosures reported by various parties, including employees and external parties
• All complaints have been investigated, with appropriate improvements to prevent recurrence and actions 
were recommended based on investigation results
Audit Reporting • All CA reports were provided to ARC with recommendations from CA and feedback from Management
• Recommendations were developed based on the identification of root causes for findings and agreed 
with relevant stakeholders before the issuance of final reports
• Audit reports, which include the overall audit opinion on the effectiveness of governance and internal 
controls, were forwarded to business unit heads who are responsible for ensuring that recommendations 
are implemented within a stipulated time frame
• Every quarter, ARC reviewed CA’s report on planned reviews, ad hoc reviews and investigation of cases 
reported through the Whistleblowing Line and other available channels
Board Committee: ARC Report

---- Page 133 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
131
Audit Reporting 
(Cont'd)
• The ARC suggested various improvements to our Group’s overall governance, risk management and 
internal controls, as well as reinforced an internal directive to hold individuals accountable for lapses in 
internal controls and governance
• During FY24, the ARC reviewed and deliberated the findings and recommendations from CA’s planned 
and ad hoc reviews and the actions taken to implement the recommendations. Management was invited 
where necessary to provide clarification on the findings and updates on the actions taken. In certain 
instances, the ARC also challenged Management on the actions being taken to minimise the probability 
of lapses and ensure that material findings are adequately addressed within a reasonable time frame
Monitoring of Audit 
Recommendations
• CA subsequently monitors and verifies the status of implementation on a quarterly basis. Any  
outstanding audit items are reported to ARC via the quarterly CA Progress Report
Working with 
Other Assurance 
Functions
• There is regular liaison among CA and other assurance functions, including the Group Risk Management 
team and PwC to monitor and ensure the effectiveness of the risk governance framework and 
management processes of our Group
Resources • As at 31 January 2024, there are eight internal auditors (FY23: 16) with backgrounds and experience in 
accounting, finance, information technology and risk management. The reduction in headcount is mainly 
attributable to the VSS in FY24 
• The experience and competencies of the internal auditors are detailed below:
Years of internal audit experience 10 years or less >10 Total
Number of auditors 4 4 8
Competencies % of auditors
Accounting and finance 63%
Risk management 50%
Information technology 38%
Banking 25%
Telecommunications 13%
• In addition, CA team members are also encouraged to pursue professional certifications. As at  
31 January 2024, there are three qualified professionals within the CA team as detailed below:
Qualifications No. of auditors
Chartered Accountants Australia & New Zealand 1
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants 2
• ARC has assessed the current CA resources and is satisfied that CA has adequate resources to perform 
its role
• FY24 cost incurred for the internal audit function, including staff payroll costs and overheads, amounted 
to RM3.81 million excluding VSS related costs (FY23: RM4.02 million)
CA’s Performance 
Review
• ARC reviewed the CA function, as well as its KPIs, to ensure that its activities are performed independently, 
proficiently, impartially and with due professional care
• The effectiveness of CA is assessed based on specific measures that include (but are not limited to):
- Feedback received from relevant business units audited via an online auditee satisfaction survey
- Annual review coordinated by the Company Secretary in February 2024 with feedback sought from 
ARC, SL T and PwC. Areas assessed include audit planning and resources, skills and experience, and 
work programme
- Review of the performance appraisal and approval of performance rewards of the Head of CA
• Based on the evaluation results, ARC is satisfied with the performance of CA and noted several 
areas of improvement for CA to address in FY25, particularly in leveraging technology to enhance the  
audit process
Integrated Reporting
Having considered the IAR2024 disclosures from the financial reporting, risk management and internal control aspects, and 
assessed their consistency with the audited financial statements as well as operational and other information, ARC is satisfied 
that such information is reliable and consistent in all material respects. Moreover, to the best of the ARC’s knowledge, nothing has  
come to its attention to indicate any material deficiencies.
Board Committee: ARC Report

---- Page 134 ----
132
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Our Board and ARC
Our Board affirms its overall responsibility for our Group’s risk 
management and internal control system, and for reviewing 
the adequacy and integrity of the system. The system 
encompasses all aspects of our Group’s operations, from 
strategy to operations, financial performance, governance, 
regulatory and compliance. 
Our Board recognises that this system is designed to manage, 
rather than eliminate, and to provide reasonable, but not 
absolute, assurance against the occurrence of any material 
misstatement, loss, or fraud. 
ARC assists our Board in fulfilling its oversight  
responsibilities, focusing on the effectiveness of risk 
management practices in identifying and managing key 
business risks, internal control systems, internal and external 
audit processes, the integrity of our Group’s financial  
reporting, compliance with legal and regulatory standards, 
as well as monitoring ethics, whistleblowing, and incidents 
of bribery and corruption. ARC is briefed on updates to 
regulatory requirements and key matters affecting our Group’s 
operations and financial statements. Given the growing 
importance of sustainability / ESG and cybersecurity risks in 
2023, both risk areas also form part of the Board’s agenda.
ARC recommends to our Board, for their deliberation and 
approval, all internal control and risk-related matters that 
warrant their attention. Matters or decisions made within 
ARC's purview were escalated to the Board for its notation.
Management
The Management team, led by GCEO and supported by SL T, 
is committed to identifying, monitoring and managing key 
risks associated with business activities. Management is 
responsible for implementing Board-approved frameworks, 
policies and procedures, as well as assuring our Board that 
the Group’s risk management and internal control systems 
are operating adequately and effectively in all material  
aspects based on the ERM framework and internal control 
systems adopted by the Group.
RESPONSIBILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control (SORMIC)
This statement is made pursuant to Paragraph 15.26(b) of MMLR, and the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: 
Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuers.
Risk Management Framework
Our Group’s strategic planning activities and operational 
processes are guided by effective risk management 
processes, practices and culture, with risks identified and 
managed through the Group Risk Management Framework 
(GRMF). The GRMF is based on the COSO Enterprise Risk 
Management framework. The GRMF sets out the governance, 
infrastructure, processes and controls pertaining to risk 
management. It also provides guidance on a systematic 
and consistent approach towards identifying, assessing, 
implementing, monitoring and reporting risks across  
our Group.
Our Group’s risk appetite and tolerance outline the overall 
parameters for managing risks. Risk appetite and tolerance 
are reviewed periodically, ensuring the appropriateness of 
limits and thresholds, thus enabling the optimum allocation 
of resources. These parameters also act as a guideline for 
our Group to uphold Astro’s reputation, ensuring regulatory 
compliance and maintaining acceptable service delivery 
standards, thereby reinforcing our brand value and image.
Our Group Risk Management (GRM) team led by the GCFO 
engages in cross-departmental risk assessment to identify 
key risk matters that may impede the achievement of our 
business objectives over the short, medium and long term. 
A three-by-three risk matrix displays risk ranking, helping 
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT
Management prioritise efforts and effectively manage the 
different categories of risks – namely Strategic, Financial, 
Operational, and Compliance. The risk matrix outlines the 
likelihood and impact of each key risk mapped onto it. The 
risks are further prioritised based on their residual risk ratings, 
key risk indicators, key control indicators and risk outlooks. 
GCFO reports on all identified key risks alongside preventive 
measures and mitigation action plans to our ARC every 
quarter with Board updates, where appropriate.
Risk Management
Assess
• Evaluate risk identified 
in accordance with our 
Group’s risk appetite and 
risk tolerance
Identify
• Identify and understand 
the inherent risks in our 
business initiatives and 
activities
Monitor
• Review of current status of 
mitigation plans
• Periodic risk assessment 
sessions across our Group
Report
• Report the progress of 
mitigating actions to 
Management, ARC and 
Board on a periodic basis
Respond
• Determine the appropriate 
mitigation actions to be 
applied to avoid, accept, 
reduce or transfer each risk 
depending on risk rating
Evaluate, Learn & Adapt
• Adopt a forward-looking 
approach in identifying 
emerging risks to minimise 
our Group’s exposures

---- Page 135 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
133
Governance Structure and Three Lines of Defence
Our Group’s governance structure provides risk oversight with an escalation structure from business units to Management,  
ARC and our Board. The Three Lines of Defence model supports it, clearly distinguishing the three groups responsible for an 
effective risk management process.
Business units serve as the first line of defence. They are accountable for establishing internal controls in their day-to-day  
operations. The second line of defence comprises GRM and other governance functions that provide oversight and monitoring, 
including Regulatory, Legal and Compliance, Corporate Secretarial, Procurement, Finance and Human Capital. Corporate  
Assurance, as the third line of defence, provides independent assurance to our Board and Management. These Lines of Defence 
manage risks from the outset. Each group plays a distinct role in the governance structure, leading to a comprehensive and  
effective risk management system.
SORMIC
Governance Structure
Board
Governance Functions
Group Risk Management
Compliance
Business Units (Risk Owners)
Second Line 
of Defence
Corporate AssuranceThird Line 
of Defence
First Line 
of Defence
ARC
Management (GCFO and SLT)
GCEO
Governance
Strategic Risk
Impacting achievement of our 
Group's overall objective and 
long-term direction
Financial Risk
Impacting our Group's 
financial performance
Operational Risk
Covering threats involving 
day-to-day business activities 
impacting our Group’s ability 
to serve customers and meet 
its stakeholders’ obligations
Compliance Risk
Relating to potential change 
in laws and regulations, 
and potential of our Group 
to violate existing laws and 
regulations
Risk Categories

---- Page 136 ----
134
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Our Board acknowledges that the internal control systems 
are designed to manage and reduce risks that hinder the 
Group from achieving its goals and objectives. The internal 
control systems are embedded within our Group’s operating 
activities and exist for fundamental business reasons.  
They are reviewed regularly throughout the year to ensure 
their continued adequacy and integrity, given possible 
changes in regulations, applicable laws, or the business 
environment. Key elements of the internal control systems 
established by our Board that provide good governance and 
effective internal control systems include: 
• Defined Lines of Responsibility and Authority
 Our organisation structure is well defined with clear lines 
of reporting and authority to facilitate prompt responses 
in a continuously evolving business environment, 
adequate supervision of day-to-day business conduct 
and accountability of internal controls. These include a 
formal organisational structure and the Limits of Authority 
(LOA) matrix that sets authority limits across various key 
processes. It also sets out matters reserved for our Board’s 
consideration and decision-making, authority delegated 
to GCEO and GCFO and authorisation limits for multiple 
levels of Management. 
 The LOA is reviewed and updated regularly to ensure its 
relevance to current business processes and operations. 
The updated LOA is disseminated promptly to all 
stakeholders to ensure its seamless application.
• Code of Business Ethics (CoBE) and Astro  
Anti-Corruption Framework (AACF)
 CoBE outlines the expected behaviour of our Board, 
Management and employees, serving as a guide for  
ethical business practices and ensuring proper conduct 
in all dealings with stakeholders. CoBE is reviewed 
periodically and covers areas such as compliance 
with respect to local laws and regulations, integrity, 
workplace conduct, business conduct, asset protection,  
confidentiality, conflicts of interest and any acts of bribery 
and corruption. This is further supplemented by guidelines 
on misconduct with disciplinary proceedings initiated 
against employees who violate the CoBE or fail to adhere 
to their terms of employment.
 AACF, which supplements the CoBE, further sets out 
a policy statement and guidelines for all employees 
concerning the facilitation of unethical payments 
and regulates the acceptance or provision of gifts, 
entertainment and other forms of generosity. All 
employees must report and declare any gifts or  
hospitality exceeding the specified limits to the  
Compliance team.
Further details of these activities are in the CG Overview on pages 102 
to 103 and ARC Report on pages 126 to 131
 In FY24, all Astro employees completed the CoBE and 
AACF mandatory e-learning, which serves as a reminder 
of Astro’s zero-tolerance policy towards bribery and 
corruption. Strict adherence to the AACF is expected 
without compromise with all breaches reported to 
ARC and our Board. All disciplinary actions against 
employees are duly approved and reviewed by the Head 
of Industrial Relations and Director, People & Workplace. 
The disciplinary procedures are reviewed and updated 
periodically. CA conducts independent investigations on all 
reported cases of non-compliance.
• Declaration of Interest
 The Annual Declaration is essential in maintaining 
transparency in everyday business operations and 
preventing conflicts of interest. This measure is part of 
the broader efforts to cultivate an integrity-driven culture 
across our Group. Astro employees are required to fulfil 
the requirements of this Declaration which involves  
employees disclosing any external employment or business 
activities, and any business interactions with Astro 
involving their family members. The process of declaration 
aligns with the guidelines outlined in the CoBE.
• Whistleblowing Policy and Procedures (WPP) 
 The WPP provides a confidential platform for employees 
and external parties to report any misconduct or violation 
of our Group’s values and principles. The WPP also 
protects persons reporting any improper conduct in good 
faith against any adverse and detrimental actions by  
our Group.
 The Whistleblower Line is managed independently by the 
Head of CA, who also assumes primary responsibility for 
the investigation and reporting of disclosures received. 
All disclosures received are investigated. The findings 
and recommendations are reported to ARC and/or GCEO 
quarterly, or more frequently where necessary. Where the 
matter relates to non-compliance with the AACF, such 
disclosures are forwarded to the Compliance team and our 
Board to ensure appropriate actions are taken.
 The above policies are available for download from our 
corporate website.
SORMIC
INTERNAL CONTROLS

---- Page 137 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
135
• Strategic Business Budgeting and Reporting
 The 3-year Group strategic plan which outlines strategic 
priorities and key business objectives supported by a 
comprehensive annual budgeting exercise, guides our 
Group. Business units, in collaboration with the Finance 
team, prepare their respective business plans and 
budgets for the forthcoming year for Management review.  
The budgets are then presented to our Board for 
deliberation and approval. Once the budget is approved, 
Management reviews business performance against 
the approved budget as well as strategies and reports  
to SBTC.
 Quarterly financial and operational reports are provided 
to ARC and our Board, detailing variances and the 
relevant mitigating actions. Our Group releases quarterly 
unaudited financial results and annual audited financial 
statements to Bursa Malaysia and the public including the  
investment community. 
• Insurance and Physical Safeguard
 Our Group maintains an insurance programme to protect 
its significant assets and operations from potential 
damage that could result in material financial losses.  
Our Group regularly evaluates the effectiveness and scope 
of its insurance coverage to align with its risk tolerance 
and exposure while also taking measures to secure  
significant physical assets.
• Business Continuity Management Framework
 The Business Continuity Management (BCM) Framework 
aims to minimise the impact of any disruption to our 
operations. The BCM programme is designed to promptly 
respond to any interruption, including technology failure 
and site inaccessibility, with recovery plans in place for 
redundancies and alternate sites. We test recovery plans 
regularly and train employees to respond effectively  
during disruption.
• Cybersecurity Management
 Our Group prioritises cyber risk governance and maintains 
cyber resilience by constantly monitoring and managing 
security threats. The Cybersecurity team keeps up to date 
with the latest security measures to manage internal and 
external cybersecurity threats.
• Human Capital Policy
 Astro’s comprehensive Human Capital policies and 
procedures are applicable to all employees. These 
policies assist in effectively managing and developing 
the Group’s workforce, addressing areas including talent  
management, learning & development, performance 
management, and industrial relations.
 Our Group’s performance management system 
underscores the importance of continuous engagement 
with our employees in managing their performance 
and aims to foster a high-performance work culture. 
The system ensures our Group’s goals and values are  
integrated with common KPIs for all employees to drive 
the culture of creativity, inclusivity, and accountability 
while promoting Group-wide collaboration. Our Group’s 
performance management system appraises employees' 
performance and achievements annually.
• Acquisition Framework
 The Group Procurement Manual sets forth our sourcing 
strategy, acquisition principles and guidelines that serve 
as a key tool in ensuring all acquisition activities are 
conducted transparently and in the best interests of our 
Group. Our Invoicing and Payment Processing Guidelines 
outline controls and procedures for invoicing and  
payment processes. Such guidelines are reviewed 
regularly to ensure that a consistent approach applies 
throughout our Group with benchmarking against industry 
best practices. The authorisation for approving budgeted 
or unbudgeted expenditure is aligned with the approved 
authority limits.
• Revenue Assurance Framework
 The Revenue Assurance (RA) framework facilitates an 
independent review of key revenue indicators to detect 
possible revenue leakages and data discrepancies.  
RA team collaborates with key stakeholders to implement 
corrective action plans and meets with them regularly to 
address revenue concerns and drive revenue assurance 
initiatives across our Group. A monthly dashboard 
highlighting significant issues and corresponding 
mitigating actions is presented to Management and 
reviewed by CA team.
SORMIC

---- Page 138 ----
136
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
 Information security remains a top priority, with strict 
security policies, procedures, and technology measures 
implemented to safeguard our data against unauthorised 
access, improper use or disclosure, accidental loss and 
unauthorised modification.
 The Cybersecurity team conducted two phishing  
simulation exercises in FY24 to enhance employees’ 
social engineering awareness and test our Group's cyber 
capability to detect and respond to a security incident. 
The results of these exercises were within acceptable 
thresholds. We will continue to conduct similar activities 
to inculcate better employee awareness of common email 
phishing techniques.
For more on cybersecurity management, refer to Management 
Approach: Cybersecurity & Data Privacy sub-section on pages 77 to 78
• Tax Integrity and Transparency
 Astro is committed to paying our share of taxes,  
recognising our role in the development of Malaysia. 
As a Group, Astro continues to contribute significantly 
towards nation-building and Malaysia’s socio-economic 
development. In FY24, our Group contributed around  
RM298 million in direct and indirect taxes to the  
government.
 We are also working towards ensuring compliance with 
the Tax Corporate Governance Framework. Our Tax  
Manual outlines our approach to taxation and policies 
relating to tax matters to ensure compliance with all  
relevant tax laws, regulations and guidelines. 
Supplementing the Tax Manual is a clear segregation of 
duties for authorising and paying tax, while our Group’s 
LOA guide thresholds for decision making.
 GCFO is responsible for tax strategy, and our Board  
maintains an overview of key tax strategies adopted within 
our Group. Group Tax undertakes tax risk assessments 
to manage any potential tax exposures by our Group’s 
operating entities. The Vice President, Group Tax, approves 
tax risk assessment and monthly management matters. 
The GCFO reviews and reports on these every quarter  
to ARC.
 In all dealings with tax authorities (i.e., Inland Revenue 
Board and the Royal Malaysia Customs Department), 
our Group maintains the highest standard of professional 
ethics. Our Group ensures our disclosures and  
submissions are accurate and properly substantiated. 
Where legislation is unclear on matters concerning tax, 
appropriate tax advisory and consultation are sought 
from professional tax advisors and/or tax counsels. Our 
Group participates in tax consultations and roundtable 
discussions impacting our business or industry to ensure 
our views are heard and considered.
• Sustainability Management Function
 Led by our GCEO, a dedicated ESG AMC focuses on the 
overall sustainability management in Astro, including 
planning and executing sustainability programmes across 
Astro. The Committee progressively assesses emerging 
ESG risks such as carbon emissions, customer experience, 
privacy, safety and health and social well-being. These 
are proactively addressed by our five ESG Pillars of 
Responsible Business, Caring for our Environment, Voice 
for Good, Education for All, and Community Development. 
We recognise the physical and transition risks, and 
opportunities, of climate change and have embarked on a 
journey to achieve our overall ESG vision and commitments.
 The Committee ensures adherence to applicable local and 
international sustainability frameworks, guidelines, and 
standards, including the Bursa Malaysia Sustainability 
Reporting Guide, UNSDG, and FTSE4Good ESG risk rating 
methodology.
 We continued our progressive effort to optimise 
opportunities in ESG while minimising related risks. Action 
plans to address key ESG risks and meet ESG KPIs were 
identified, including reducing carbon emissions from our 
operations. The progress of these were reported to ARC 
and our Board.
For more on our ESG actions and commitments, refer to the 
Sustainability section on pages 50 to 85
SORMIC
INTERNAL CONTROLS

---- Page 139 ----
Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional InformationSustainability
137
For more on the roles and responsibilities of the CA function and audit 
activities, refer to the ARC Report on pages 126 to 131
• Regulatory
 With piracy posing a serious threat to our Group, our 
Regulatory team, led by the Director of Regulatory 
and Corporate Affairs, actively engages with relevant 
regulatory authorities, industry players and content 
partners to facilitate active policing of IP rights. The 
team renders the necessary assistance to authorities 
and engages in other anti-piracy initiatives. As part 
of our ongoing efforts, we have implemented a robust  
Anti-Piracy Framework to safeguard our content and IP. 
This framework encompasses proactive measures to 
prevent, detect and address piracy issues.
 Regulatory team ensures compliance with the Malaysian 
Communications and Multimedia Act 1998 (CMA) and 
other applicable laws, rules, and regulations that govern 
our Group’s business operations. This includes conducting 
content compliance sessions for employees on the rules 
and regulations governing the broadcast industry. These 
sessions are aligned with the CMA, MCMC’s Content  
Forum and Content Code, and our Group’s licence 
conditions and requirements.
 The team actively engages with the MCMC and other 
stakeholders, including other government bodies, on 
pertinent industry matters. The team provides regular 
updates to Management and reports to ARC and our 
Board. 
• Legal and Compliance
 Legal and Compliance teams safeguard our Group's 
interests and ensure Astro complies with all relevant 
laws and regulations. Legal ensures that all operations 
and transactions between our Group and third parties 
adhere to the law. Meanwhile, Compliance oversees the 
adherence to internal policies, regulations, and procedures, 
and ensures that all employees complete the mandatory 
online compliance training set annually.
 The General Counsel leads both teams and guides 
our Board and Management on legal, compliance and  
strategic matters. Every quarter, our Board is updated 
through ARC reports on material litigations and changes 
in the law that may impact our Group’s operations.
• Corporate Secretarial
 The Corporate Secretarial team ensures Group-wide 
compliance with company and securities laws and 
actively promotes good CG by driving the adoption of best 
practices across all our Group entities. The team monitors 
compliance with Board policies and procedures, including 
the list of Board reserved matters, conflicts of interest and 
related party transactions.
 Corporate Secretarial team provides additional assurance  
by extending counsel to our Board of their responsibilities  
and regularly updates our Board and Management on 
legislation changes and regulatory requirements. The 
team also coordinates all Board, Board committee and 
shareholders’ meetings, prepares the minutes of meetings 
promptly and engages with retail shareholders to channel 
their concerns to the appropriate parties.
• Corporate Assurance (CA)
 CA provides independent, reasonable and objective  
assurance of the effectiveness of our Group’s risk 
management, internal control environment and governance 
processes. Reporting independently to ARC and our Board,  
CA continues to adopt a risk-based methodology in  
developing its annual audit plan to ensure audit 
prioritisation based on our Group strategies, objectives, 
and key risks. This plan is approved annually by ARC. Root 
causes, recommendations and implementation status of 
audit findings are highlighted to Management and ARC 
quarterly. These are escalated to our Board by ARC, as 
required.
SORMIC

---- Page 140 ----
Astro recognises the importance of clear two-way communication to align our Group’s strategic and business direction with 
all employees across the organisation. Regular engagements and communications are carried out to keep employees updated  
with our Group’s latest developments and activities. Policies and procedures are accessible to all employees via our Group’s  
intranet and regular reviews are conducted to ensure these documents remain current and relevant.
Townhalls are held to facilitate internal communication and align business direction. Other activities include employee  
engagement surveys, mini-pulse surveys, skip-level meetings, on-ground events, emails, and daily intranet updates. Employees 
also have access to a range of wellness and well-being programmes in support of their mental and physical health. 
External social media platforms, including Facebook, LinkedIn, and Instagram, are also utilised to reach a wider audience.
INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION
For FY24 and up to the date of issuance of the financial statements, our Board, with the support of ARC, is of the view that the 
risk management, governance and internal control practices and processes adopted are sound and adequate to safeguard our  
Group’s assets and the interests of shareholders, regulators, employees as well as other stakeholders. No material losses, 
contingencies or uncertainties have arisen from any inadequacy or failure of our Group’s internal controls that would require a 
separate disclosure in this IAR2024.
Our Board has received assurance from the GCEO and GCFO that our Group’s internal control and risk management system 
is operating adequately and effectively in all material aspects based on the framework adopted by our Group. Our Board also  
receives quarterly updates on key risk management and internal control matters through its other Board committees. 
Review of the Statement by External Auditor
The external auditor, PwC, reviewed this SORMIC in accordance with Paragraph 15.23 of the MMLR for the financial year under 
review. PwC performed a limited assurance review in accordance with Audit and Assurance Practice Guide (AAPG) 3 issued by 
the Malaysian Institute of Accountants. AAPG 3 does not require the external auditor to form an opinion on the adequacy and 
effectiveness of our Group’s risk management and internal control system.
CONCLUSION
Annual management 
representation to our Board 
by the GCEO and GCFO 
on the adequacy of our 
Group’s risk management 
and internal control systems 
in all material aspects. Any 
exceptions identified during 
the assessment period are 
highlighted to ARC.
ARC reviews quarterly 
reports on matters relating 
to treasury, tax, regulatory, 
compliance and status of 
material litigations to ensure 
all significant matters are 
promptly identified and 
highlighted to our Board.
GRM reports quarterly to 
ARC on our Group’s risk 
profile and the progress of 
action plans to manage and 
address these risks. These 
are escalated to our Board 
by ARC, as required.
ARC reviews the process 
and compliance exceptions 
identified by the CA 
team and the external 
auditor every quarter. 
Implementation is tracked 
and reported to ARC 
quarterly.
Monitoring and reporting activities are conducted to provide assurance on the effectiveness of our Group’s risk management and 
internal control systems, including:
MONITORING AND REPORTING ACTIVITIES
SORMIC
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
138

---- Page 141 ----
139
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
FY24 saw households and businesses grapple with the 
full year impact of four post-COVID-19 interest rate hikes 
undertaken by BNM in 2022, alongside a fifth 25 basis 
point rate hike in May 2023, and inflationary pressures  
compounded by the weakening Ringgit. The rising living 
costs constricted consumer wallets and reduced discretionary 
spend, while businesses were likewise affected by inflation 
and additional costs. 
Revenue
As a consumer-centric business, Astro’s FY24 performance 
was impacted by the downstream effect of the  
abovementioned macroeconomic pressures as well as 
persistent acts of piracy. Revenue softened by 10% to  
RM3.44 billion, primarily due to a decline in subscription 
and commerce. This was cushioned by the growth in our 
enterprise business, which grew 12% in FY24 on the back 
of a recovery in the food and beverage (F&B) and hospitality 
sectors, as well as growth in our broadband subscriber base 
of 21% driven by overall customer satisfaction with our Astro 
Fibre service quality and steady word-of-mouth referrals. 
Our films also performed well, grossing RM103 million in 
FY24 and capturing 70% share of the local box office. This 
marks our best ever box office showing, with Polis Evo 3 and 
Malbatt: Misi Bakara leading the way and strengthening our 
position as the top film studio in Malaysia. Pay-TV MAT ARPU 
continues to grow, rising by RM1.50 to RM99.70, a testament 
to the strength of our app aggregation and broadband 
bundling strategy.
Advertising (adex) revenue moderated by 9% to  
RM394 million in FY24, with TV adex especially affected 
by clients’ one-off spending for World Cup in the prior year. 
TV adex picked up in the second half of FY24, supported by 
year-end festive celebrations and the airing of our popular 
signatures and originals such as All Star Gegar Vaganza 
and Masked Singer Malaysia 4. Most of Astro’s adex revenue 
is generated from our own local shows which is a key  
competitive advantage. Digidex registered a 12% jump, 
underpinned by the growth in the number and types of 
Addressable Advertising clients. Despite the 3% moderation in 
radex revenue, Astro’s radex share increased by 4 percentage 
points supported by the 3% increase in our FM and online 
radio listenership to 18.2 million. Overall, our radex, TV and 
digidex shares stood at 77%, 30% and 2%, respectively 
(FY23: 73%, 34% and 2%).
Meanwhile, Go Shop’s revenue fell to RM94 million (up to  
11 October 2023) as consumers limited their discretionary 
spend amid cost-of-living concerns. Given the increasing 
competitive intensity in the commerce space, Astro made the 
strategic decision to exit this segment to refocus on our core 
media and entertainment business. Accordingly, Go Shop 
ceased its business effective 11 October 2023.
EBITDA (RM m)
Revenue (RM m)
Subscriptions & others Adex Commerce
3,183
434
183
3,800
FY23
3,345
449
381
4,175
FY22
2,948
394 94
3,436
FY24
FY22
1,286
31%
FY24
885
26%
FY23
1,046
28%EBITDA 
margin
Group Financial Review

---- Page 142 ----
140
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Free Cash Flow (RM m)
FY22
692
1.5x
FY24
637
17.2x
FY23
784
3.0xFCF /
PATAMI
Net Debt / EBITDA
FY22
1.5x
FY24
2.7x
FY23
2.5x
EBITDA
EBITDA moderated by 15% to RM885 million and margin 
eased by 2 percentage points to 26% due primarily to 
lower revenue alongside costs associated with a Voluntary 
Separation Scheme (VSS) exercise during the year. The drop 
in EBITDA margin was partly mitigated by disciplined cost 
control and operational efficiencies across major cost lines 
by leveraging technology and digital. As we transform our 
legacy cost base and seek efficiency gains Group-wide, we 
are simultaneously reinvesting these cost gains to further 
digitalise and grow our ancillary businesses. 
PATAMI and Free Cash Flow
PATAMI moderated by 86% to RM37 million as a result of 
lower EBITDA and higher net financing cost primarily due to 
unrealised forex losses (versus gains in FY23), offset by lower 
tax expense. Normalised PATAMI, which excludes unrealised 
forex losses arising from USD-denominated transponder 
lease liabilities and the VSS impact, likewise dipped by 35% 
to RM176 million. Overall, basic earnings per share eased 
86% to 0.7 sen. We remained cash-generative with free cash 
flow at RM637 million in FY24, translating to 17.2x of PATAMI.
Our Group’s tax expense was recorded at RM22 million  
(FY23: RM79 million) with an effective tax rate of 44%  
(FY23: 27%). This was higher than the statutory tax rate 
of 24% mainly due to an increase in non-tax deductible 
expenses and unrecognised deferred tax assets. Net finance 
cost increased by 133% to RM298 million primarily due to 
unrealised forex losses from unhedged USD-denominated 
transponder lease liabilities as the Ringgit depreciated 11% 
against the USD in FY24. 
Continuing Basis
Following the application of MFRS 5 accounting standard 
(Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued 
Operations), we have separated out the impact of Go Shop 
as a discontinued operation. On a continuing basis, revenue 
and EBITDA both eased by 8% to RM3.34 billion, and 14% 
to RM897 million, respectively, while normalised PATAMI 
moderated by 42% to RM181 million.
Group Financial Review
PATAMI
FY22
475461
8.8
176
37
FY24
0.7EPS 
(sen)
PATAMI (RM m) Normalised PATAMI (RM m)
FY23
5.0
272259

---- Page 143 ----
141
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Financial Position
Assets, Liabilities & Funding
Total assets reduced marginally by 0.6% to RM5.66 billion in 
FY24. This was underpinned by a reduction in right-of-use 
assets by 11% to RM1.48 billion due to depreciation, partially 
offset by an increase in unit trust, cash and bank balances by 
15% to RM771 million.
Meanwhile, total liabilities eased by 2% to RM4.51 billion, 
mainly attributable to a reduction in borrowings due to 
the paring down of transponder lease liabilities and term 
loans in FY24. Consequently, net assets improved by 5% to  
RM1.15 billion, and Net Debt / EBITDA ratio increased to 2.7x 
from 2.5x.
In FY24, we accepted term loan facilities of RM400 
million and RM160 million from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking 
Corporation Malaysia Berhad (SMBC) and AmBank (M) 
Berhad, respectively. Both these facilities were granted on 
a clean basis. The former is a 4-year term loan that was 
fully drawn down in August 2023. Proceeds were utilised 
to settle a maturing RM380 million SMBC term loan facility, 
with the balance applied toward opex and capex funding.  
Meanwhile, the latter AmBank facility, a 4-year term loan, 
was disbursed in FY25. Our liquidity and financial positions, 
as well as funding opportunities, are regularly reassessed  
and reviewed to optimise capital efficiency.
Capex, comprising infrastructure capex and box capex, 
declined by 3% overall to RM310 million. Infrastructure 
capex, funded by cash, decreased by 13% to RM155 million 
as we reprioritised investments based on changing market 
conditions, focusing on transformation initiatives to enhance 
customer experience on the U-Boxes, OTT and digital 
platforms, and refreshing our technology infrastructure. 
Box capex is funded by vendor financing and deployed for 
the purchase of STBs and ODUs to provide Pay-TV services, 
as well as broadband equipment to provide Astro Fibre 
services. Our box capex increased by 11% to RM155 million 
as we continued to grow our Astro Fibre customer base and 
deploy our hybrid U-Boxes premised on data indicating that 
net promoter score and churn are better for customer cohorts 
who are enjoying these boxes.
Outlook
Our transformation journey sees Team Astro pushing 
aggressively to be Malaysia’s No.1 Entertainment and 
Streaming Destination. Investments continue to be firmly 
focused on long-term and sustainable growth by: 
• elevating local content, which is Astro’s clear competitive 
advantage, with high quality production and fresh 
storytelling via Astro Originals, signatures and movies; 
• ‘loving’ our customers by consistently delivering their 
favourite content in an intuitive, convenient way; customer 
service satisfaction scores have improved materially over 
the last 12 months;
• increasing the uptake of our adjacent businesses; sooka, 
Astro Fibre, enterprise and Addressable Advertising, 
targeting both current and new market segments with 
increased value and flexibility; and
• transforming legacy cost structures, most recently through  
a wholesale refresh of our customer management 
platforms. An accounting adjustment of RM1.66 billion 
relating to the historical investment into our Pay-TV 
subsidiary during a previous business environment was 
also taken in FY24; this has no impact on Group financials.
The current strength of the US Dollar continues to affect 
multiple cost lines in our business, whilst local economic 
conditions (exacerbated by geopolitical factors) and softening 
customer sentiments, including the recent Service Tax  
increase in March 2024, also present challenges to the 
industry. In softening the impact of these challenges, we have 
started to introduce more affordable entry price points, on 
both Pay-TV and sooka, to further enhance the value of our 
products and services.
Notwithstanding all this activity, the Group continues to 
maintain a cautious outlook, carefully monitoring business 
conditions and ensuring effective cost discipline.
433
278
310318
Box capex Infrastructure capex
FY22 FY24FY23
155 140 155
178 155
Group Financial Review
Capex (RM m)

---- Page 144 ----
142
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24
Operational Results
TV households (’000) 5,697 5,689 5,588 5,490 5,337
TV household penetration 75% 74% 72% 69% 67%
ARPU (RM) 100.00 96.90 97.20 98.20 99.70
Share of TV viewership(1) 76% 73% 72% 72% 71%
Connected STBs (’000) 1,005 1,020 1,088 1,123 1,075
Weekly radio listenership (FM and online) (m)(2) 18.0 17.0 17.5 17.7 18.2
Monthly visitors across our digital brands (m) 11.6 14.0 14.0 8.4 15.6
Adex (RM m) 641 428 449 434 394
Financial Results (RM m)
Revenue 4,912 4,360 4,175 3,800 3,436
EBITDA 1,723 1,472 1,286 1,046 885
EBIT 1,072 876 754 417 348
PBT 863 693 591  289 50
PAT 645 528 461 211 28
PATAMI 655 540 461  259 37
Normalised PATAMI(5) 657 534 475 272 176
FCF 1,176 1,288 692  784 637
Financial Ratios
Return on invested capital(3) 24% 22% 19% 8% 5%
Net Debt / EBITDA (times) 1.5 1.3 1.5 2.5 2.7
Revenue growth (10%) (11%) (4%) (9%) (10%)
EBITDA margin 35% 34% 31% 28% 26%
PATAMI margin 13% 12% 11% 7% 1%
Normalised PATAMI margin 13% 12% 11% 7% 5%
Basic earnings per share (sen) 12.6 10.4 8.8 5.0 0.7
Dividend per share (sen)(4) 7.50 8.00 6.75 3.00 0.25
Financial Position (RM m)
Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company 856 1,078 1,135 1,071 1,107
Total assets 6,198 5,785 5,325 5,701 5,664
Total borrowings 3,522 3,013 2,710 3,313 3,200
Net debt 2,537 1,906 1,983 2,644  2,429 
Notes:
(1) Viewership share is based on Dynamic Television Audience Measurement (DTAM) deployed by Kantar Media
(2) Weekly radio listenership includes online listeners from FY21
(3) Formula based on EBIT metric
(4) Dividend per share consists of interim and final dividends in respect of the designated financial years
(5) Normalised PATAMI excludes post-tax impact of unrealised forex gains/losses on mark-to-market revaluation of transponder lease liabilities, post-tax impact of VSS 
expenses (if any), and impairment charges on IPs and goodwill of a non-wholly owned subsidiary (if any)
Operational and Financial Highlights

---- Page 145 ----
143
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
REVENUE
Financial Year Ended 31 January (RM m)
FY20
4,912
FY24
3,436
FY22
4,175
FY23
3,800
FY21
4,360
TV HOUSEHOLDS
Financial Year Ended 31 January ('000)
FY20
5,697
FY24
5,337
FY22
5,588
FY23
5,490
FY21
5,689
EBITDA
Financial Year Ended 31 January (RM m)
FY20
1,723
FY24
885
FY22
1,286
FY23
1,046
FY21
1,472
ARPU
Financial Year Ended 31 January (RM)
FY20
100.00
FY24
99.70
FY22
97.20
FY23
98.20
FY21
96.90
PATAMI
Financial Year Ended 31 January (RM m)
FY20
655
FY24
37
FY22
461
FY23
259
FY21
540
SHARE OF TV VIEWERSHIP(1)
Financial Year Ended 31 January (%)
FY20
76
FY24
71
FY22
72
FY23
72
FY21
73
Operational and Financial Highlights

---- Page 146 ----
144
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
FY23 FY24
RM m % RM m %
Revenue
Television 3,424 90  3,155 92
Radio 192 5  187 5
Home shopping 183 5  94 3
Others 1 0 - -
Total 3,800 100  3,436 100
PBT
Television 266 92  (26) (52)
Radio 92 32  94 188
Home shopping (36) (13)  (28) (56)
Others (33) (11)  10 20
Total 289 100  50 100
(RM m) Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY24
Revenue 891 870 855 820  3,436 
EBITDA 248 225 177 235  885 
EBIT 123 98 44 83  348 
PBT 21 30 (56) 55  50 
PAT 13 20 (49) 44 28
PATAMI 16 24 (47) 44 37
FCF 168 177 158 134 637
Note:
Numbers may not add up due to rounding differences
Segmental Analysis and Quarterly Financial Performance

---- Page 147 ----
145
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
FY23
RM m
FY24
RM m
Assets
Property, plant & equipment  582  614 
Right-of-use assets 1,656  1,481 
Intangible assets  1,906  1,818 
Inventories  22  16 
Receivables  644 659
Deposits, cash & bank balances & unit trusts  669  771 
Others 222 305
Total  5,701  5,664 
Equity & Liabilities
Share capital  6,728  6,731 
Reserves & non-controlling interests  (5,630)  (5,580)
Equity 1,098 1,151
Payables  699  667 
Other financial liabilities  294  413 
Borrowings  3,313  3,200 
Taxation & deferred tax liabilities  84  88 
Others  213  145 
Total  5,701  5,664 
Assets (RM m)
Equity & Liabilities (RM m)
Simplified Group Statement of Financial Position
Property, plant & equipment
Inventories
Right-of-use assets
Receivables
Intangible assets
Deposits, cash & bank balances & unit trusts
Others
FY24FY23 1,656
 1,906
22
644
669
222  582
1,481
1,818
16
659
771
305 614
Other financial liabilities
Borrowings
Payables
Taxation & deferred tax liabilities
Others
Equity
FY24FY23
699
294
213
3,313
84
667
413
145
 3,200
88
1,098 1,151

---- Page 148 ----
146
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
FY23
RM m
FY24
RM m
Value Added
Revenue 3,800 3,436
Operating expenses (1,884)  (1,876)
Other operating income 30 37
Total value added by our Group 1,946  1,597 
Reconciliation:
PAT 211 28
Add: Depreciation, impairment and amortisation 936 824
  Interest expense 175 202
  Government 99 41
  Non-controlling interests 49 9
  Employee cost 476 493
Total value added by our Group (available for distribution) 1,946  1,597
Value Distributed
Employees
Employee cost 476 493
Government
Corporate tax 78 22
Regulatory 21 19
Providers of capital
Dividends 274 13
Interest expense 175 202
Non-controlling interest 49 9
Reinvestment and future growth
Depreciation, impairment and amortisation 936 824
Retained earnings (63)  15 
Total value distributed 1,946  1,597
Statement of Value Added

---- Page 149 ----
147
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
Value Added 
Financial Year Ended 31 January (RM m)
Statement of Value Added
3,800 30 1,946(1,884) 3,436 37 1,597(1,876)
Revenue Total value addedOperating expenses Other operating income
FY23 FY24
Value Distributed
Financial Year Ended 31 January (RM m)
21 274 175 49 936 (63)78476 19 13 202 9 824 1522493
Employee cost
Corporate tax
Dividends
Regulatory
Interest expense
Non-controlling interests
Depreciation, impairment and amortisation
Retained earnings
FY23 FY24

---- Page 150 ----
148
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
2023
Announcement of the unaudited results for the first quarter ended 30 April 2023 and first interim  
single-tier dividend of 0.25 sen per ordinary share
19
Jun
Dividend entitlement date for the first interim single-tier dividend of 0.25 sen per ordinary share5
Jul
Payment date for the first interim single-tier dividend of 0.25 sen per ordinary share18
Jul
Announcement of the unaudited results for the second quarter ended 31 July 202325
Sep
Announcement of the unaudited results for the third quarter ended 31 October 202314
Dec
2024
Announcement of the unaudited results for the fourth quarter and financial year ended  
31 January 2024
21
Mar
12th Annual General Meeting26
Jun
Notice of 12th Annual General Meeting and the issuance of Integrated Annual Report 2024 and 
Circular to Shareholders
20
May
Financial Calendar

---- Page 151 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
149
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku Muhriz
Independent
Non-Executive Chairman
Renzo Christopher Viegas
Senior Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Nicola Mary Bamford
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Lim Ghee Keong
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Simon Cathcart
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Mazita binti Mokty
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Kenneth Shen
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Matthew James Turner
Alternate Director 
to Lim Ghee Keong
COMPANY SECRETARY
Liew Wei Yee Sharon
Licence No. : LS0007908
SSM Practising Certificate No. : 201908003488
REGISTERED OFFICE
All Asia Broadcast Centre
Technology Park Malaysia
Lebuhraya Puchong-Sungai Besi, Bukit Jalil 
57000 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel. No. : +60(3) 9543 6688
Fax No. : +60(3) 9543 3007
Website : corporate.astro.com.my
SHARE REGISTRAR
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd
(199601006647 [378993-D])
11 th  Floor, Menara Symphony
No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13
46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia
Helpdesk No. : +60(3) 7890 4700
Fax No. : +60(3) 7890 4670
Email : bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com
AUDITOR AND REPORTING ACCOUNTANT
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT
(LLP0014401-LCA & AF1146)
Level 10, 1 Sentral, Jalan Rakyat, Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50706 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel. No. : +60(3) 2173 1188
Fax No. : +60(3) 2173 1288
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
Date of Listing : 19 October 2012
Stock Name : ASTRO
Stock Code : 6399
Sector : Telecommunications & Media
Corporate Information

---- Page 152 ----
150
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
No.
Land Title / 
Location
Description 
of 
property
Approximate 
age of 
building
Tenure / 
Date of 
acquisition
Remaining 
lease 
period 
(expiry of 
lease)
Current 
use
Land 
area 
(square 
metre)
Built-up 
area 
(square 
metre)
NBV as at 
31 January
2024
RM’000
1. HSD 34194 
(previously held 
under HSD 7038), 
PT 12002,  
Mukim Dengkil, 
District of Sepang, 
State of Selangor
Land and 
building
9 years Freehold
31 March 
2004
Not 
applicable
Television, 
data 
media 
centre 
and office
18,267 8,105 55,636
2. Unit Nos. 165-1-1, 
165-1-2, 165-1-3  
and 165-2-1, 
Wisma Mutiara 
(Block B) No. 165, 
Jalan Sungai Besi,  
57100 Kuala 
Lumpur
Shops / 
Office lots
23 years Freehold
31 March 
2005
Not 
applicable
Vacant Not 
applicable
753.8 721
3. HSD 116030  
PT 13820 
(formerly identified 
as Lot Nos. 11301, 
17778, 5800 and 
part of Lots 7966, 
8093 and 14985) 
in Mukim of 
Petaling, District 
of Kuala Lumpur, 
State of Wilayah 
Persekutuan
All Asia 
Broadcast Centre, 
Technology 
Park Malaysia, 
Lebuhraya 
Puchong-Sungai 
Besi, Bukit Jalil,  
57000 Kuala 
Lumpur
Land and 
buildings
27 years 60-year 
sublease of 
land (with 
optional 
extension of 
39 years)
1 September 
1996
32 years 
(31 August 
2056)
Television, 
radio 
and data 
media 
centre 
and office
128,100 40,073 101,749
4. GRN 50043  
Lot 54268 
(previously held 
under HSD 80870, 
PT 4043 and  
HSD 80871, PT 
4044 respectively), 
Mukim and District 
of Kuala Lumpur, 
State of Wilayah 
Persekutuan
Vacant 
land
Not 
applicable
30-year 
sublease of 
land (with 
optional 
extension of 
30 years)
1 April 1997
3 years
(31 March 
2027)
Vacant 412,780 Not 
applicable
-
List of Properties Held

---- Page 153 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
151
Share Capital  : RM6,730,663,515.33 comprising 5,219,023,060 ordinary shares
Class of Shares : Ordinary shares
Voting Rights : One vote per ordinary share on a poll
Analysis by Size of Shareholdings
(Based on the Record of Depositors of the Company)
Size of Shareholdings No. of Shareholders % of Shareholders No. of Shares % of Issued Shares
1 to 99 834 3.70 7,297 0.00
100 to 1,000 4,403 19.54 2,903,343 0.05
1,001 to 10,000 10,970 48.68 50,904,071 0.98
10,001 to 100,000 5,081 22.54 176,955,267 3.39
100,001 to 260,951,152* 1,245 5.53 2,475,280,158 47.43
260,951,153 and above** 3 0.01 2,512,972,924 48.15
Total 22,536 100.00 5,219,023,060 100.00
Notes:
* less than 5% of the issued shares
** 5% and above of the issued shares
Analysis of Equity Structure
(Based on the Record of Depositors of the Company)
Category of Shareholders No. of Shareholders % of Shareholders No. of Shares % of Issued Shares
Individuals 18,102 80.32 450,958,544 8.64
Banks / Finance Companies 14 0.06 348,361,300 6.68
Investment Trusts / Foundations / Charities 8 0.04 203,800 0.00
Industrial and Commercial Companies 167 0.74 3,712,854,400 71.14
Government Agencies / Institutions 2 0.01 1,100,000 0.02
Nominees 4,241 18.82 705,535,015 13.52
Others 2 0.01 10,001 0.00
Total 22,536 100.000 5,219,023,060 100.00
Analysis of Shareholdings 
(as at 23 April 2024)

---- Page 154 ----
152
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
LIST OF 30 LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS
(Based on the Record of Depositors of the Company)
No. Name
No. of 
Shares Held
% of 
Issued 
Shares
1. Pantai Cahaya Bulan Ventures Sdn Bhd 1,077,735,927 20.65
2. All Asia Media Equities Ltd 1,013,297,290 19.42
3. East Asia Broadcast Network Systems N.V. 421,939,707 8.08
4. Usaha Tegas Entertainment Systems Sdn Bhd 235,778,182 4.52
5. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad - Amanah Saham Bumiputera 196,550,400 3.77
6. Pacific Broadcast Systems N.V. 140,646,620 2.69
7. Berkat Nusantara Sdn Bhd 140,646,568 2.69
8. Home View Limited N.V. 140,646,568 2.69
9. Nusantara Cempaka Sdn Bhd 140,646,568 2.69
10. Nusantara Delima Sdn Bhd 140,646,568 2.69
11. Southpac Investments Limited N.V. 140,646,568 2.69
12. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd - Employees Provident Fund Board (AHAM AM) 102,966,700 1.97
13. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad - Amanah Saham Malaysia 78,510,500 1.50
14. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad - Amanah Saham Malaysia 2 - Wawasan 42,250,000 0.81
15. HSBC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd - HSBC (M) Trustee Bhd for Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia 
Berhad (MEF) 31,902,000 0.61
16. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd - JPMCB NA for Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund 22,582,973 0.44
17. Mujur Sanjung Sdn Bhd 20,931,848 0.40
18. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd - JPMCB NA for Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 20,518,264 0.39
19. Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd - SSBT Fund WTAU for Wisdomtree Emerging Markets 
Smallcap Dividend Fund 19,904,700 0.38
20. Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd - PAMB For Prulink Equity Fund 18,230,800 0.35
21. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad - Amanah Saham Bumiputera 2 17,500,000 0.34
22. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd - CBNY For Norges Bank (FI 17) 16,898,700 0.33
23. RHB Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd - OSK Capital Sdn Bhd for Yayasan Islam Terengganu 16,130,000 0.32
24. Mujur Nusantara Sdn Bhd 16,073,887 0.31
25. HSBC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd - HSBC (M) Trustee Bhd for Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad 15,988,100 0.31
26. Sanjung Nusantara Sdn Bhd 14,734,417 0.28
27. CIMSEC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd - CIMB For Tiara Gateway Sdn Bhd 14,638,800 0.28
28. Ujud Cergas Sdn Bhd 13,394,899 0.26
29. DB (Malaysia) Nominee (Tempatan) Sendirian Berhad - Deutsche Trustees Malaysia Berhad for 
Eastspring Investmentssmall-Cap Fund 12,077,900 0.23
30. CGS International Nominees Malaysia (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd - Pledged Securities Account for 
Kalaiyarasi A/P R Veerappan 11,900,100 0.23
Total 4,296,315,554 82.32
Analysis of Shareholdings

---- Page 155 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
153
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
(Based on the Register of Substantial Shareholders of the Company)
Name Notes
Direct Indirect
No. of 
Shares Held
% of 
Issued Shares
No. of 
Shares Held
% of 
Issued Shares
Pantai Cahaya Bulan Ventures Sdn Bhd (“PCBV”) 1,077,735,927 20.65 - -
Khazanah Nasional Berhad (“Khazanah”) (1) - - 1,077,735,927 20.65
All Asia Media Equities Ltd (“AAME”) 1,013,297,290 19.42 - -
Usaha Tegas Entertainment Systems Sdn Bhd (“UTES”) (2) 235,778,182 4.52 1,013,297,290 19.42
Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd (“UTSB”) (3) - - 1,249,075,472 23.94
Pacific States Investment Limited (“PSIL”) (4) - - 1,249,075,472 23.94
Excorp Holdings N.V. (“Excorp”) (5) - - 1,249,075,472 23.94
PanOcean Management Limited (“PanOcean”) (5) - - 1,249,075,472 23.94
East Asia Broadcast Network Systems N.V. (“EABNS”) 421,939,707 8.08 - -
East Asia Broadcast Systems Holdings N.V. (“EABSH”) (6) - - 421,939,707 8.08
Tucson N.V. (“Tucson”) (7) - - 421,939,707 8.08
Ananda Krishnan Tatparanandam (“TAK”) (8) - - 2,152,868,226 41.25
Harapan Terus Sdn Bhd (“HTSB”) (9) - - 462,124,447 8.85
Dato’ Haji Badri bin Haji Masri (10) - - 462,124,447 8.85
Allahyarham Tun Haji Mohammed Hanif bin Omar (10) - - 462,124,447 8.85
Mohamad Shahrin bin Merican (10) 200,000 0.00* 462,124,447 8.85
* negligible
Notes:
(1) Khazanah is deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares by virtue of PCBV being a wholly-owned subsidiary of Khazanah.
(2) UTES is deemed to have an interest in all of the AMH Shares in which AAME has an interest, by virtue of UTES holding 100% equity interest in AAME. In addition 
to the deemed interest held via AAME in AMH, UTES holds directly 235,778,182 AMH Shares representing 4.52% equity interest in AMH.
(3) UTSB is deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares by virtue of UTSB holding 100% equity interest in UTES. Please refer to note (2) above for UTES’ direct and 
deemed interests in the AMH Shares.
(4) PSIL is deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares by virtue of PSIL holding 99.999% equity interest in UTSB. Please refer to note (3) above for UTSB’s deemed 
interest in the AMH Shares.
(5) PanOcean holds 100% equity interest in Excorp which in turn holds 100% equity interest in PSIL. Please refer to note (4) above for PSIL’s deemed interest in the 
AMH Shares. PanOcean is the trustee of a discretionary trust, the beneficiaries of which are members of the family of TAK and foundations including those for 
charitable purposes. Although PanOcean is deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares, it does not have any economic or beneficial interest in such AMH Shares, 
as such interest is held subject to the terms of such discretionary trust.
(6) EABSH is deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares by virtue of its direct equity interest in EABNS.
(7) Tucson is deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares by virtue of its interest in EABSH. Please refer to note (6) above for EABSH’s deemed interest in the  
AMH Shares.
(8) TAK is deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares by virtue of the following:
(i) PanOcean’s deemed interest of 1,249,075,472 AMH Shares representing 23.94% equity interest in AMH are held directly by UTES and AAME.
 Although TAK is deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares, he does not have any economic or beneficial interest in such AMH Shares, as such interest 
is held subject to the terms of a discretionary trust referred to in note (5) above; and
(ii) the interests of EABNS, PBS, HVL, SIL, UCSB, MUSB, MSSB, PGSB and UMSB which collectively hold directly 903,792,754 AMH Shares representing 
17.31% equity interest in AMH. TAK is deemed to have an interest in the 903,792,754 AMH Shares collectively held by EABNS, PBS, HVL, SIL, UCSB, MUSB, 
MSSB, PGSB and UMSB by virtue of him holding 100% equity interest in their respective ultimate holding companies viz. Tucson, OSL, HVH, SHNV, AARB, 
GRS, MIB, MGR and GBS.
(9) HTSB is deemed to have an interest in all of the AMH Shares arising through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely, Berkat Nusantara Sdn Bhd, Nusantara 
Cempaka Sdn Bhd, Nusantara Delima Sdn Bhd, Mujur Nusantara Sdn Bhd, Gerak Nusantara Sdn Bhd and Sanjung Nusantara Sdn Bhd. (collectively,  
“HTSB Subsidiaries”).
 The HTSB Subsidiaries hold such AMH Shares under discretionary trusts for Bumiputera objects. As such, HTSB does not have any economic interest in such AMH 
Shares as such interest is held subject to the terms of such discretionary trusts.
(10) His deemed interest in the AMH Shares arises by virtue of his 25% direct equity interest in HTSB. However, he does not have any economic interest in such AMH 
Shares as such interest is held subject to the terms of the discretionary trusts referred to in note (9) above.
Analysis of Shareholdings

---- Page 156 ----
154
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES
(Based on the Register of Directors’ Shareholdings of the Company)
The interests of the Directors in the shares of the Company are as follows:
Name
No. of Shares Held % of Issued Shares
Direct Indirect Direct Indirect
Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku Muhriz - - - -
Renzo Christopher Viegas 800,000 - 0.02 -
Nicola Mary Bamford - - - -
Lim Ghee Keong 1,000,000 - 0.02 -
Simon Cathcart - - - -
Mazita binti Mokty - - - -
Kenneth Shen - - - -
Matthew James Turner
(Alternate Director to Lim Ghee Keong)
- - - -
GCEO’S INTEREST IN SHARES
The interest of the GCEO in the shares of the Company are as follows:
Name
No. of Shares Held % of Issued Shares
Direct Indirect Direct Indirect
Euan Daryl Smith(1) 1,109,500 - 0.02 -
Note:
(1) As at the LPD, EDS has an interest over 14,729,446 unissued ordinary shares in the Company pursuant to Performance Share Awards under the LTIP.
Analysis of Shareholdings

---- Page 157 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
155
At the Tenth and Eleventh AGM held on 22 June 2022 and 21 June 2023 respectively, our Company obtained its shareholders’ 
mandate to allow our Group to enter into RRPTs (“Shareholders’ Mandate”). The mandates obtained at the Tenth and Eleventh  
AGM are hereinafter referred to as the 2022 Mandate and 2023 Mandate, respectively. 
In compliance with Paragraph 10.09(2)(b) and Paragraph 3.1.5 of Practice Note 12 of the MMLR, the details of RRPTs conducted 
during the financial year ended 31 January 2024 pursuant to the Shareholders’ Mandate where the aggregate value of such  
RRPTs is equal to or exceeds RM1.0 million or 1% of the relevant percentage ratio for such transactions, whichever is the higher, 
are as follows:
No.
Company
within
AMH Group
Involved
Transacting
Related
Party
Nature of
Transaction
2022
Mandate
2023
Mandate
Aggregate 
Value of 
Transactions
during the 
Financial 
Year Ended 
31 January 
2024
(RM’000)
Interested Related Party
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
1 February 
2023 up to
20 June 
2023
(RM’000)
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
21 June 
2023 up to
31 January
2024
(RM’000) Name
Nature
and
Extent
of
Interest
(A) UTSB Group
1. AMH  
and/or its 
subsidiaries
UTSBM 
and/or its 
affiliates
Provision of 
consultancy 
and support 
services to 
AMH and/or its 
subsidiaries
6,090 Not 
applicable
6,090 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 1
2. AMH  
and/or its 
subsidiaries
Tanjong plc 
and/or its 
subsidiaries
Usage of 
resource 
centres and 
data centre at 
Menara Maxis 
as part of 
AMH Group’s 
business 
continuity plans
72 66 138 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 1
3. Tayangan 
Unggul 
and/or its 
affiliates
TGV and/or 
its affliates
Rental of 
cinema hall 
by Tayangan 
Unggul and/or 
its affiliates 
35 50 85 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 1
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 158 ----
156
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
No.
Company
within
AMH Group
Involved
Transacting
Related
Party
Nature of
Transaction
2022
Mandate
2023
Mandate
Aggregate 
Value of 
Transactions
during the 
Financial 
Year Ended 
31 January 
2024
(RM’000)
Interested Related Party
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
1 February 
2023 up to
20 June 
2023
(RM’000)
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
21 June 
2023 up to
31 January
2024
(RM’000) Name
Nature
and
Extent
of
Interest
4. Astro Radio 
and/or its 
affiliates
TGV and/or 
its affiliates
Sale of airtime, 
sponsorship 
and online web 
branding by 
Astro Radio  
and/or its 
affiliates 
including the 
corresponding 
purchase of 
services from 
TGV and/or its 
affiliates
252 212 464 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 1
5. Astro Shaw 
and/or its 
affiliates
TGV and/or 
its affiliates 
Distribution, 
development, 
production, 
commissioning, 
licensing  
and/or marketing 
of films and/or 
content rights 
to/by Astro 
Shaw and/or its 
affiliates
812 2 814 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 1
6. MBNS and/or 
its affiliates
TGV and/or 
its affiliates
Provision of 
sponsorship, 
marketing and 
professional 
event 
management 
services and 
related activities 
(including the 
making available 
of premises and 
facilities) by/to 
MBNS and/or its 
affiliates 
65 27 92 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 1
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 159 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
157
No.
Company
within
AMH Group
Involved
Transacting
Related
Party
Nature of
Transaction
2022
Mandate
2023
Mandate
Aggregate 
Value of 
Transactions
during the 
Financial 
Year Ended 
31 January 
2024
(RM’000)
Interested Related Party
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
1 February 
2023 up to
20 June 
2023
(RM’000)
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
21 June 
2023 up to
31 January
2024
(RM’000) Name
Nature
and
Extent
of
Interest
7. Astro Shaw 
and/or its 
affiliates
TGV and/or 
its affiliates 
Share of ticket 
collection 
proceeds from 
movies screened 
at TGV cinemas 
and any costs 
relating thereto
6,366 6,563 12,929 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 1
Aggregate Value of Transactions with UTSB Group 13,692 6,920 20,612
(B) Maxis Group
8. MBNS 
and/or its 
affiliates
Maxis 
Broadband 
and/or its 
affiliates
Provision of 
managed 
communications 
services to 
MBNS and/or its 
affiliates
2,017 2,403 4,420 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 2
9. Astro Radio 
and/or its 
affiliates
Maxis 
Broadband 
and/or its 
affiliates
Sale of airtime, 
sponsorship 
and online web 
branding by 
Astro Radio 
and/or its 
affiliates
3,293 6,177 9,470 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 2
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 160 ----
158
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
No.
Company
within
AMH Group
Involved
Transacting
Related
Party
Nature of
Transaction
2022
Mandate
2023
Mandate
Aggregate 
Value of 
Transactions
during the 
Financial 
Year Ended 
31 January 
2024
(RM’000)
Interested Related Party
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
1 February 
2023 up to
20 June 
2023
(RM’000)
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
21 June 
2023 up to
31 January
2024
(RM’000) Name
Nature
and
Extent
of
Interest
10. MBNS 
and/or its 
affiliates
Maxis 
Broadband 
and/or its 
affiliates
Collaboration 
in respect of 
IPTV, content, 
broadband, 
voice and 
ancillary 
services
44,452 60,143 104,595 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 2
11. Astro Digital 
5 and/or its 
affiliates
Maxis 
Broadband 
and/or its 
affiliates
Provision 
of resource 
augmentation 
for software 
development 
and ancillary 
services to 
Astro Digital 
5 and/or its 
affiliates
495 668 1,163 Major
Shareholders
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 2
Aggregate Value of Transactions with Maxis Group 50,257 69,391 119,648
(C) MGB Group
12. MBNS 
and/or its 
affiliates
MSS and/or 
its affiliates
Provision of 
broadcast, 
transponder 
capacity, 
uplink services 
and ancillary 
services to/by 
MBNS and/or its 
affiliates
592 846 1,438 Major
Shareholder
TAK 
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 3
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 161 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
159
No.
Company
within
AMH Group
Involved
Transacting
Related
Party
Nature of
Transaction
2022
Mandate
2023
Mandate
Aggregate 
Value of 
Transactions
during the 
Financial 
Year Ended 
31 January 
2024
(RM’000)
Interested Related Party
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
1 February 
2023 up to
20 June 
2023
(RM’000)
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
21 June 
2023 up to
31 January
2024
(RM’000) Name
Nature
and
Extent
of
Interest
13. MBNS 
and/or its 
affiliates
MGB and/or 
its affiliates
Sale of airtime, 
sponsorship 
and online web 
branding by 
MBNS and/or its 
affiliates
94 98 192 Major
Shareholder
TAK 
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 3
14. Astro 
Productions 
and/or its 
affiliates
MSS and/or 
its affiliates
Provision of 
office, storage  
and/or land 
space  
to/by Astro 
Productions 
and/or its 
affiliates 
payable on a 
monthly basis
57 141 198 Major
Shareholder
TAK 
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 3
15. MBNS 
and/or its 
affiliates
MSS and/or 
its affiliates
Provision of 
services in 
relation to the 
sourcing and 
managing of 
customers 
for the rental 
of unutilised 
transponder 
capacity 
and ancillary 
activities,  
and/or the 
leasing of 
unutilised 
transponder 
capacity 
and ancillary 
activities to/by 
MBNS and/or its 
affiliate
138 1,381 1,519 Major
Shareholder
TAK 
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 3
Aggregate Value of Transactions with MGB Group 881 2,466 3,347
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 162 ----
160
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
No.
Company
within
AMH Group
Involved
Transacting
Related
Party
Nature of
Transaction
2022
Mandate
2023
Mandate
Aggregate 
Value of 
Transactions
during the 
Financial 
Year Ended 
31 January 
2024
(RM’000)
Interested Related Party
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
1 February 
2023 up to
20 June 
2023
(RM’000)
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
21 June 
2023 up to
31 January
2024
(RM’000) Name
Nature
and
Extent
of
Interest
(D) AHSB Group
16. MBNS and/or 
its affiliates
CTE and/or 
its affiliates
Provision 
of rights for 
carriage of Kix 
and Celestial 
channels to 
MBNS and/or  
its affiliates
5,499 8,338 13,837 Major
Shareholders
PCBV, 
Khazanah, 
AAME, UTES, 
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC, KS 
and MJT 
Refer to 
Note 4
17. MBNS and/or 
its affiliates
CMCL and/or 
its affiliates
Provision of 
rights and 
licence for films 
to/by MBNS  
and/or its 
affiliates 
117 5 122 Major
Shareholders
PCBV, 
Khazanah, 
AAME, UTES, 
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC, KS 
and MJT 
Refer to 
Note 4
18. AMH  
and/or its 
subsidiaries
AHSB and/or 
its affiliates
Provision of 
consultancy 
and support 
services to/by 
AMH and/or its 
subsidiaries
56 88 144 Major
Shareholders
PCBV, 
Khazanah, 
AAME, UTES, 
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC, KS 
and MJT 
Refer to 
Note 4
Aggregate Value of Transactions with AHSB Group 5,672 8,431 14,103
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 163 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
161
No.
Company
within
AMH Group
Involved
Transacting
Related
Party
Nature of
Transaction
2022
Mandate
2023
Mandate
Aggregate 
Value of 
Transactions
during the 
Financial 
Year Ended 
31 January 
2024
(RM’000)
Interested Related Party
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
1 February 
2023 up to
20 June 
2023
(RM’000)
Actual 
Value 
Incurred 
from
21 June 
2023 up to
31 January
2024
(RM’000) Name
Nature
and
Extent
of
Interest
(E) Sun TV Group
19. AMH  
and/or its 
subsidiaries
Sun TV 
and/or its 
affiliates
Distribution, 
licensing and 
provision of 
channel and 
content rights 
by/to AMH 
and/or its 
subsidiaries
9,702 14,186 23,888 Major
Shareholders
PCBV, 
Khazanah, 
AAME, UTES, 
UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, 
PanOcean and 
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC, KS 
and MJT 
Refer to 
Note 5
Aggregate Value of Transactions with Sun TV Group 9,702 14,186 23,888
(F) SRGAP Group
20. MBNS 
and/or its 
affiliates
SRGAP 
and/or its 
affiliates
Provision of 
customer 
service 
personnel and 
related services 
to MBNS and/or 
its affiliates
6,566 9,948 16,514 Major
Shareholder
TAK
Directors
LGK, MM, SC 
and MJT
Refer to 
Note 6
Aggregate Value of Transactions with SRGAP Group 6,566 9,948 16,514
(G) TM Group
21. MBNS 
and/or its 
affiliates
TM and/or 
its affiliates
Provision of 
broadband 
network 
services, 
content 
distribution 
network, 
communication 
links and 
ancillary 
services to/by 
MBNS and/or  
its affiliates
30,889 56,919 87,808 Major
Shareholders
PCBV and 
Khazanah
Director
KS and RA
Refer to 
Note 7
Aggregate Value of Transactions with TM Group 30,889 56,919 87,808
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 164 ----
162
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Notes (as at 23 April 2024):
1. UTSB Group
 MBNS, Tayangan Unggul, Astro Shaw and Astro Radio are wholly-owned subsidiaries of AMH. 
 UTSBM is a wholly-owned subsidiary of UTSB while Tanjong plc and TGV are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Tanjong Capital 
Sdn Bhd (“TCSB”). UTSBM, Tanjong plc and TGV are Persons Connected with UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean and TAK.
 Each of UTSB, PSIL, Excorp and PanOcean is a Major Shareholder, with a deemed interest over 1,249,075,472 AMH Shares 
representing 23.94% equity interest in AMH through the wholly-owned subsidiaries of UTSB namely, UTES and AAME with 
each holding 235,778,182 AMH Shares and 1,013,297,290 AMH Shares directly, representing 4.52% and 19.42% equity 
interest in AMH respectively.
 TAK has a deemed interest in the AMH Shares in which UTSB has an interest by virtue of the deemed interest of PanOcean 
in the AMH Shares. PanOcean is the trustee of a discretionary trust, the beneficiaries of which are members of the family of 
TAK and foundations, including those for charitable purposes. PanOcean holds 100% equity interest in Excorp which in turn 
holds 100% equity interest in PSIL. PSIL holds 99.999% equity interest in UTSB. TAK is also a director of PanOcean, Excorp, 
PSIL and UTSB. 
 Although TAK and PanOcean are deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares as described in the foregoing, they do not 
have any economic or beneficial interest over such shares as such interest is held subject to the terms of such discretionary 
trust referred to in the paragraph above. 
 TAK is also deemed to have an interest in the AMH Shares by virtue of the interests of East Asia Broadcast Network Systems 
N.V. (“EABNS”), Pacific Broadcast Systems N.V. (“PBS”), Home View Limited N.V. (“HVL”), Southpac Investments Limited N.V. 
(“SIL”), Ujud Cergas Sdn Bhd (“UCSB”), Metro Ujud Sdn Bhd (“MUSB”), Mujur Sanjung Sdn Bhd (“MSSB”), Prisma Gergasi 
Sdn Bhd (“PGSB”) and Ujud Murni Sdn Bhd (“UMSB”) which collectively hold directly 903,792,754 AMH Shares representing 
17.31% equity interest in AMH. TAK is deemed to have an interest in the 903,792,754 AMH Shares collectively held by 
EABNS, PBS, HVL, SIL, UCSB, MUSB, MSSB, PGSB and UMSB by virtue of him holding 100% equity interest in their respective 
ultimate holding companies viz. Tucson N.V. (“Tucson”), Orient Systems Limited N.V. (“OSL”), Home View Holdings N.V. 
(“HVH”), Southpac Holdings N.V. (“SHNV”), All Asia Radio Broadcast N.V. (“AARB”), Global Radio Systems N.V. (“GRS”), 
Maestra International Broadcast N.V. (“MIB”), Maestra Global Radio N.V. (“MGR”) and Global Broadcast Systems N.V. (”GBS”).
 Each of PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean and TAK has a deemed interest over 124,688,000 ordinary shares in TCSB (“TCSB Shares”) 
representing 65.84% equity interest in TCSB through UTSB. UTSB holds an aggregate of 124,688,000 TCSB Shares 
representing 65.84% equity interest in TCSB, of which 71,000,000 TCSB Shares representing 37.49% equity interest in TCSB 
is held directly by UTSB, while 53,688,000 TCSB Shares representing 28.35% equity interest in TCSB is held indirectly via its 
wholly-owned subsidiary, Usaha Tegas Resources Sdn Bhd. 
 Although TAK and PanOcean are deemed to have an interest in the TCSB Shares as described in the foregoing, they do 
not have any economic or beneficial interest over such TCSB Shares, as such interest is held subject to the terms of such 
discretionary trust referred to above.
 In addition, TAK is deemed to have an interest over 47,792,803 TCSB Shares representing 25.23% equity interest in TCSB 
through the wholly-owned subsidiaries of MAI Sdn Berhad (“MAI”), by virtue of his 100% direct equity interest in MAI. 
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board.
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 165 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
163
 LGK, who is a Director of AMH and MBNS, is also a director of UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean, UTSBM and TCSB. He has a 
direct equity interest over 1,000,000 AMH Shares representing 0.02% equity interest in AMH. He does not have any equity 
interest in Tanjong plc, TGV, UTSB Group and AMH subsidiaries. MJT, who is an Alternate Director to LGK on our Board,  
is also the Chief Financial Officer of UTSB and a director of TGV. MJT does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group,  
UTSB Group and TCSB Group.
 MM, who is a Director of AMH, is also a director of TCSB, MAI and Tanjong plc, and an alternate director on the board of UTSB. 
She does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group, UTSB Group and TCSB Group. 
 SC, who is a Director of AMH, does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group, UTSB Group and TCSB Group. 
2. Maxis Group
 MBNS, Astro Radio and Astro Digital 5 are wholly-owned subsidiaries of AMH. Maxis Broadband is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Maxis, which is in turn a 62.24%-owned indirect subsidiary of BGSM.
 
 Each of UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean and TAK is a Major Shareholder, is also a major shareholder of Maxis with a 
deemed interest over 4,875,000,000 ordinary shares in Maxis (“Maxis Shares”) representing 62.24% equity interest 
in Maxis, by virtue of its/his deemed interest in BGSM which holds 100% equity interest in BGSM Management Sdn Bhd  
(“BGSM Management”). BGSM Management holds 100% equity interest in BGSM Equity Holdings Sdn Bhd  
(“BGSM Equity”) which in turn holds 62.24% equity interest in Maxis. UTSB’s deemed interest in the Maxis Shares arises 
through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely, Wilayah Resources Sdn Bhd, Tegas Puri Sdn Bhd, Besitang Barat Sdn Bhd 
and Besitang Selatan Sdn Bhd, which hold in aggregate 37% equity interest in BGSM. 
 PanOcean holds 100% equity interest in Excorp which in turn holds 100% equity interest in PSIL. PSIL holds 99.999%  
equity interest in UTSB. PanOcean is the trustee of a discretionary trust, the beneficiaries of which are members of the family 
of TAK and foundations including those for charitable purposes. Although TAK and PanOcean are deemed to have an interest 
in the Maxis Shares as described in the foregoing, they do not have any economic or beneficial interest over such Maxis 
Shares as such interest is held subject to the terms of the discretionary trust. Please refer to Note 1 above for the interests of 
UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean and TAK in AMH.
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board.
 LGK, who is a Director of AMH and MBNS, is also a director of UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean, Maxis and several subsidiaries 
of Maxis (including Maxis Broadband). LGK does not have any equity interest in the Maxis Group. Please refer to Note 1 
for LGK’s interests in AMH. MJT, who is Alternate Director to LGK on our Board, is also the Chief Financial Officer of UTSB.  
MJT does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and Maxis Group.
 MM and SC, who are Directors of AMH, do not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and Maxis Group.
3. MGB Group
 MBNS and Astro Productions are wholly-owned subsidiaries of AMH. MSS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MGB. 
 TAK is a major shareholder of MGB with a deemed interest over 272,953,208 ordinary shares (“MGB Shares”) representing 
70% equity interest in MGB held via MGNS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MAI Holdings Sdn Bhd (“MAIH”) in which he has 
100% direct equity interest. Hence, TAK has a deemed interest over MSS. Please refer to Note 1 for TAK’s deemed interests 
in AMH.
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board.
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 166 ----
164
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
 LGK, who is a Director of AMH and MBNS, is also a director of MGNS. He does not have any equity interest in the shares 
of the MGB Group. Please refer to Note 1 for LGK’s interests in AMH. MJT, who is Alternate Director to LGK on our Board,  
is also the Chief Financial Officer of UTSB. MJT does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and MGB Group.
 SC, who is a Director of AMH, is also a director of MGB and MSS. He is also the Acting Chief Executive Officer of MSS.  
He does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and MGB Group. 
 MM, who is a Director of AMH, is also a director of MAIH and a major shareholder of MGB with a deemed interest over 
116,979,947 MGB Shares representing 30% equity interest in MGB in which Harapan Kota Sdn Bhd (“HKSB”) has an  
interest, by virtue of her 50% direct equity interest in HKSB, the holding company of Tujuan Bidari Sdn Bhd (“TBSB”), which 
in turn holds shares in Tujuan Wira Suria Sdn Bhd (“TWSSB”). TBSB holds such MGB Shares through TWSSB, under a 
discretionary trust for Bumiputera objects. As such, MM does not have any economic interest in such MGB Shares as such 
interest is held subject to the terms of such discretionary trust. She does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group. 
4. AHSB Group
 CPL is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of AOL which in turn is wholly-owned by AHSB. CTE and its subsidiary, CMCL  
are associate companies of AOL, in which AOL has 33.35% indirect equity interest.
 Khazanah is a Major Shareholder with a deemed interest over 1,077,735,927 AMH Shares representing 20.65% equity 
interest in AMH through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PCBV. PCBV and Khazanah are also major shareholders of AHSB by 
virtue of PCBV’s 29.34% direct equity interest in AHSB. 
 Each of UTSB, PSIL, Excorp and PanOcean is a major shareholder of AHSB, with a deemed interest over 479,619,973 
ordinary shares (“AHSB Shares”) representing 34.01% equity interest in AHSB held through the wholly-owned subsidiaries 
of UTSB, namely, UTES and AAME. Please refer to Note 1 for the interests of AAME, UTES, UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, and  
PanOcean in AMH.
 TAK who is a Major Shareholder, is also a major shareholder of AHSB with a deemed interest over 819,082,908 AHSB  
Shares representing 58.08% equity interest in AHSB. Please refer to Note 1 above for TAK’s deemed interests in AMH. 
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board.
 LGK, who is a Director of AMH and MBNS, is also a director of AHSB and AOL. He does not have any equity interest in the 
AHSB Group. Please refer to Note 1 for LGK’s interests in AMH. MJT, who is Alternate Director to LGK on our Board, is also a 
director of AHSB, AOL, CPL and CTE as well as the Chief Financial Officer of UTSB. He does not have any equity interest in 
the AMH Group and AHSB Group.
 SC is a Director of AMH. He does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and AHSB Group.
 MM, who is a Director of AMH, is also a director of AHSB. She does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and  
AHSB Group.
 KS, who is a Nominee Director of Khazanah on our Board, is also the chairman of AHSB. He does not have any equity  
interest in the AMH Group and AHSB Group.
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 167 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
165
5. Sun TV Group
 Sun TV is regarded as a Person Connected with AOL through a joint venture arrangement between a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of AOL and Sun TV. AOL is in turn a wholly-owned subsidiary of AHSB. 
 Each of PCBV, Khazanah, AAME, UTES, UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean and TAK is a Major Shareholder, is also a major 
shareholder of AHSB. Please refer to Notes 1 and 4 for the interests of PCBV, Khazanah, AAME, UTES, UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, 
PanOcean and TAK in AMH. They do not have any equity interest in Sun TV.
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board.
 LGK, who is a Director of AMH and MBNS, is also a director of AHSB and AOL. He does not have any equity interest in the 
AHSB Group and Sun TV Group. Please refer to Note 1 for LGK’s interests in AMH. MJT, who is an Alternate Director to LGK 
on our Board, is also a director of AHSB and AOL as well as the Chief Financial Officer of UTSB. MJT does not have any  
equity interest in the AMH Group, AHSB Group and Sun TV Group.
 MM, who is a Director of AMH, is also a director of AHSB. She does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group,  
AHSB Group and Sun TV Group. 
 SC, who is a Director of AMH, does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and Sun TV Group. 
 KS, who is a Nominee Director of Khazanah on our Board, is also the chairman of AHSB. He does not have any equity  
interest in the AMH Group, AHSB Group and Sun TV Group.
6. SRGAP Group
 TMK, who is a major shareholder of SRGAP, is a Person Connected with TAK. TMK is not a director of SRGAP. 
 TAK is a Major Shareholder. Please refer to Note 1 for TAK’s deemed interests in AMH.
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board. MJT is an Alternate Director to LGK on our Board. They do not 
have any equity interest in SRGAP Group.
7. TM Group
 Khazanah is a Major Shareholder with a deemed interest over 1,077,735,927 AMH Shares representing 20.65% equity 
interest in AMH through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PCBV. Khazanah is also a major shareholder of TM with 20.10% direct 
equity interest in TM Group.
 KS is a Nominee Director of Khazanah on our Board. He does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and TM Group.
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions

---- Page 168 ----
166
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
1. Material Contracts Involving the Interests of Directors and Major Shareholders
 The particulars of material contracts entered into by our Group involving Directors’ and Major Shareholders’ interests which 
are either still subsisting as at 31 January 2024 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of FY23 are as follows(1):
No.
Parties
General Nature
Consideration 
passing to or from 
the AMH Group
Date of Agreement /
Effective Date
Mode of 
Satisfaction of 
Consideration Relationship
AMH 
Group
Transacting
Party
1. MBNS MSS Supply of 
capacity on six 
transponders on 
the MEASAT-3a 
satellite
Fee payable by 
MBNS to MSS
18 May 2009
Letter of Agreement: 
21 May 2013
Cash Refer to  
Note 1
2. MBNS MISAL Supply of 
capacity on 18 
transponders on 
the MEASAT-3b 
satellite
Fee payable by 
MBNS to MISAL
11 May 2012 
Letter of Amendment: 
9 April 2014 
Letter of Amendment: 
6 July 2015 
Letters of Agreement: 
18 April 2019
Letter of Amendment:
10 December 2021
Direct Agreement:
26 June 2023
Cash Refer to  
Note 1
3. MBNS MEASAT 
Communication 
Systems Sdn 
Bhd (“MCSSB”)
Supply of 
capacity on 12 
transponders on 
the MEASAT-3d 
satellite
Fee payable by 
MBNS to MCSSB
18 April 2019 
Letter of Amendment: 
19 September 2019
Direct Agreement:
31 May 2021
Cash Refer to  
Note 1
4. MBNS Maxis 
Broadband 
Collaboration 
and  
co-marketing 
of unique offers 
to individual 
customers and 
commercial 
establishments 
combining 
Astro’s content 
service with 
Maxis’s fibre 
service
(a) Set charges 
payable 
by Maxis 
Broadband  
to MBNS  
for Astro’s  
content service
(b) Set charges 
payable by 
MBNS to Maxis 
Broadband  
for Maxis’s  
fibre service
24 January 2020
Supplemental 
Agreement: 
26 November 2021
Cash Refer to  
Note 2
 (1)  Transactions of a recurrent nature entered into by our Group between 1 February 2023 and 31 January 2024 involving the interests of our Directors or Major  
 Shareholders have been disclosed on pages 155 to 165 of this IAR2024
Additional Disclosures

---- Page 169 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
167
No.
Parties
General Nature
Consideration 
passing to or from 
the AMH Group
Date of Agreement /
Effective Date
Mode of 
Satisfaction of 
Consideration Relationship
AMH 
Group
Transacting
Party
5. MBNS Maxis 
Broadband
Maxis Broadband 
as (i) agent to sell 
and promote Astro’s 
sooka service as a 
standalone offering; 
and (ii) independent 
distributor to sell 
subscriptions to 
Astro’s sooka 
service bundled 
with Maxis 
Broadband’s  
other products  
and services
Charges payable 
by Maxis 
Broadband  
to MBNS
6 December 2021
Addendum:
18 January 2023
Cash Refer to  
Note 2
6. MBNS TM Provision of 
broadband  
network services
Charges payable 
by MBNS to TM
17 September 2021
Supplemental No. 1: 
17 September 2021
Supplemental No. 2: 
10 February 2022
Supplemental No. 3:
27 September 2023
Cash Refer to  
Note 3
7. MBNS TM Provision of 
content distribution 
network, 
communication  
links and  
ancillary services
Charges payable 
by MBNS to TM
29 September 2021 Cash Refer to  
Note 3
8. Astro 
Radio
TM Provision of radio 
transmission 
facilities  
and services
Charges payable 
by Astro Radio to 
TM
1 January 2023 Cash Refer to  
Note 3
9. MBNS Sun TV Channel Supply 
Agreement
Charges payable 
by MBNS to  
Sun TV
19 June 2023 Cash Refer to  
Note 4
10. MBNS SRGAP Supply of services 
for inbound /  
outbound 
operations, 
including voice 
and non-voice 
transactions across 
services, retention 
management, 
collections  
and omnisales
Charges payable 
by MBNS to 
SRGAP
20 July 2022 Cash Refer to  
Note 5
Additional Disclosures

---- Page 170 ----
168
Astro at a Glance
Leadership Insights
Our Value Creation
How We Create Value
Notes (as at 23 April 2024):
1. MGB Group
 MSS, MISAL and MCSSB are wholly-owned subsidiaries of MGB. MBNS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMH. 
 TAK, who is a Major Shareholder, is also a major shareholder of MGB. Please refer to Notes 1 and 3 on pages 162 and 163 for  
TAK’s deemed interests in the AMH Group and MGB Group.
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board.
 LGK, who is a Director of AMH and MBNS, is also a director of MGNS (the holding company of MGB). Please refer to Notes 1 and 
3 on pages 162 and 163 for LGK’s interests in the AMH and MGB Group. MJT, who is an Alternate Director to LGK on our Board,  
is also the Chief Financial Officer of UTSB. MJT does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and MGB Group.
 SC, who is a Director of AMH, is also a director of MGB, MSS and MCSSB. He is also the Acting Chief Executive Officer of MSS.  
He does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and MGB Group.
 MM, who is a Director of AMH, is also a major shareholder of MGB. Please refer to Notes 1 and 3 on pages 162 and 163 for  
MM’s interests in the AMH Group and MGB Group.
2. Maxis Group
 Maxis Broadband is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Maxis, which is in turn a 62.24%-owned indirect subsidiary of BGSM.
 Each of UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean and TAK is a Major Shareholder and also a major shareholder of Maxis. Please refer to  
Notes 1 and 2 on pages 162 and 163 for their interests in the AMH Group and Maxis Group. 
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board.
 LGK, who is a Director of AMH and MBNS, is also a director of UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean, Maxis and several subsidiaries of 
Maxis (including Maxis Broadband). Please refer to Notes 1 and 2 on pages 162 and 163 for LGK’s interests in the AMH Group and 
Maxis Group. MJT, who is an Alternate Director to LGK on our Board, is also the Chief Financial Officer of UTSB. MJT does not have 
any equity interest in the AMH Group and Maxis Group.
 MM and SC, who are Directors of AMH, do not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and Maxis Group.
3. TM Group
 Astro Radio is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMH.
 Khazanah, which is a Major Shareholder with a deemed interest over 1,077,735,927 ordinary shares representing 20.65% equity 
interest in AMH through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PCBV. Khazanah is also a major shareholder of TM with 20.10% direct equity 
interest in TM.
 KS is a Nominee Director of Khazanah on our Board. He does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group and TM Group.
4. Sun TV Group
 Sun TV is regarded as a Person Connected with AOL through a joint venture arrangement between a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
AOL and Sun TV. AOL is in turn a wholly-owned subsidiary of AHSB. 
 Each of PCBV, Khazanah, AAME, UTES, UTSB, PSIL, Excorp, PanOcean and TAK is a Major Shareholder, is also a major shareholder 
of AHSB. Please refer to Notes 1 and 5 on page pages 162 and 165 for the interests of PCBV, Khazanah, AAME, UTES, UTSB, PSIL, 
Excorp, PanOcean and TAK in the AMH Group and AHSB Group. They do not have any equity interest in Sun TV.
 
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board.
 
 LGK, who is a Director of AMH and MBNS, is also a director of AHSB and AOL. He does not have any equity interest in the AHSB 
Group and Sun TV Group. Please refer to Note 1 on page 162 for LGK’s interests in AMH. MJT, who is an Alternate Director to LGK 
on the Board, is also a director of AHSB and AOL as well as the Chief Financial Officer of UTSB. MJT does not have any equity  
interest in the AMH Group, AHSB Group and Sun TV Group.
 
Additional Disclosures

---- Page 171 ----
Sustainability Corporate Governance Summary of Financials Additional Information
169
Additional Disclosures
More details on the LTIP are set out in Note 7(a) of the <Audited Financial Statements 2024> on pages 71 to 78
Shares granted to our GCEO and Key Management under the LTIP are as follows: 
(a) Awards granted to GCEO Granted  : 20,930,046
Vested  : 1,109,500
Lapsed  : 2,060,500
Outstanding : 17,760,046
(b) Actual percentage of AMH Shares granted to GCEO and  
key management
Since the commencement of the L TIP: 49.26%
During FY24: 13.42%
(c) NEDs are not eligible to participate in the L TIP. There is no maximum allocation applicable to our GCEO and key  
management, provided that not more than 10% of the shares available under the L TIP shall be allocated to any individual 
eligible employee who, either singly or collectively with his persons connected, holds 20% or more of the total number of 
issued shares of the Company
 MM, who is a Director of AMH, is also a director of AHSB. She does not have any equity interest in the AMH Group, AHSB Group and 
Sun TV Group. 
 
 SC, who is a Director of AMH, does not have any equity interest in our AMH Group and Sun TV Group. 
 
 KS, who is a Nominee Director of Khazanah on our Board, is also the chairman of AHSB. He does not have any equity interest in the 
AMH Group, AHSB Group and Sun TV Group.
5. SRGAP Group
 TMK, who is a major shareholder of SRGAP, is a Person Connected with TAK. TMK is not a director of SRGAP. 
 
 TAK is a Major Shareholder. Please refer to Note 1 on page 162 for TAK’s deemed interest in AMH.
 LGK, MM and SC are Nominee Directors of UTSB on our Board. MJT is an Alternate Director to LGK on our Board. They do not have 
any equity interest in the SRGAP Group.
2. Long Term Incentive Plan
 Shareholders’ approval was obtained at our Eighth Annual General Meeting held on 29 July 2020 for the establishment of the 
Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad Long Term Incentive Plan (“L TIP”). The L TIP is effective for a period of 10 years commencing  
21 August 2020 until 20 August 2030 and replaced the Management Share Scheme 2012 (“MSS 2012”) which expired on  
19 September 2022. 
 The maximum number of AMH Shares which may be issued and/or transferred under the L TIP shall not, when aggregated with the 
total number of AMH Shares issued under the MSS 2012, exceed 10% of the total number of issued AMH Shares at any point in  
time throughout the duration of the L TIP. 
 In accordance with Appendix 9C, Part A, Section 27(a) of the MMLR, the total number of shares granted, vested and outstanding 
pursuant to the L TIP since its commencement until 31 January 2024 are as follows:
 Total number of AMH Shares granted  : 118,581,478 (1)
 Total number of AMH Shares vested  : 4,516,360
 Total number of AMH Shares lapsed / forfeited : 35,673,864 (2)
 Total number of AMH Shares outstanding  : 78,391,254
 Notes:
 (1)  105,467,578 and 13,113,900 AMH Shares were granted to eligible employees as Performance Share Award and Restricted Share Award respectively,   
 the vesting of which will take place after a 3-year performance period subject always to meeting the vesting conditions determined by our Board
 (2)  Due to non-acceptance of grant, resignation and termination of employees, and non-fulfilment of vesting conditions

---- Page 172 ----
170
AABC All Asia Broadcast Centre, Bukit Jalil
AAME All Asia Media Equities Ltd
AAPG Audit and Assurance Practice Guide
AARB All Asia Radio Broadcast N.V.
ACBC Astro Cyberjaya Broadcast Centre, 
Cyberjaya
Act Companies Act 2016
Adex Advertising revenue
ADSB Astro Digital Sdn Bhd
AESB Astro Entertainment Sdn Bhd
AGM Annual General Meeting
AGS Astro Group Services Sdn Bhd
AHSB Astro Holdings Sdn Bhd
AMH Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad
AMH Shares Ordinary shares in AMH
AOL Astro Overseas Limited
Astro / AMH / 
Company
Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad
App Application, used in reference to digital 
applications on PCs and smart devices
APSSB Astro Production Services Sdn Bhd
ARC Audit and Risk Committee
ARPU Average Revenue Per User. ARPU is the 
monthly average revenue per residential 
Pay-TV subscriber (excluding NJOI, our 
non-subscription satellite TV subscribers). 
ARPU is calculated by dividing the 
monthly average revenue derived from 
active Pay-TV residential subscribers 
over the financial year / period with the 
monthly average number of active Pay-TV 
residential subscribers during the financial 
year / period
ARV Astro Retail Ventures Sdn Bhd
ASEAN Association of Southeast Asian Nations
Astro Arena /
AASB
Astro Arena Sdn Bhd
Astro AWANI /
AANSB
Astro Awani Network Sdn Bhd
Astro Digital 5 /
AD5SB
Astro Digital 5 Sdn Bhd
Astro GO Astro Pay-TV companion streaming app
Astro 
Productions /
APSB
Astro Productions Sdn Bhd
Astro Radio /
ARSB
Astro Radio Sdn Bhd
Astro Shaw / 
ASSB
Astro Shaw Sdn Bhd
Astro Studios Astro Studios Sdn Bhd (formerly known as 
Astro Interactive Sdn Bhd)
ASM Astro Sports Marketing Sdn Bhd
ASV Asia Sports Ventures Pte Ltd
b Billion(s)
BAM Badminton Association of Malaysia
BEE Board Effectiveness Evaluation
BGSM Binariang GSM Sdn Bhd
BGSM Equity BGSM Equity Holdings Sdn Bhd
BGSM 
Management
BGSM Management Sdn Bhd
BNSB Berkat Nusantara Sdn Bhd
Board Board of Directors of AMH
Boardroom Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd
BSCC Bangsar South Contact Centre
Bursa Malaysia / 
Bursa Securities
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
CA Corporate Assurance
Capex Capital expenditure
Capitals Capitals as referred to in the International 
Integrated Reporting Council are stocks of 
value, which an organisation’s business 
model depends on as input, and which 
are increased, decreased or transformed 
through its business activities to produce 
output
CCIRS Cross-currency interest rate swap
CDS Accounts Central depository system accounts
CEO Chief Executive Officer
CG Corporate Governance
CMCL Celestial Movie Channel Limited
CoBE Code of Business Ethics
COO Chief Operating Officer
COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of 
the Treadway Commission
Company Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad
Company 
Scorecard
KPIs underpinning Senior Leadership 
Team’s performance evaluation
Connected STB Internet-ready set-top box with access to 
Astro’s On Demand video library
CTE Celestial Tiger Entertainment Limited
Digidex Digital advertising revenue
DRP Dividend Reinvestment Plan
DYC Datuk Yvonne Chia (Yau Ah Lan @  
Fara Yvonne)
EABNS East Asia Broadcast Network Systems N.V.
EABSH East Asia Broadcast Systems Holdings N.V.
EBIT Earnings before interest and taxation
Glossary

---- Page 173 ----
171
EBITDA Earnings before interest, taxation, 
depreciation and amortisation (but 
excluding amortisation of film library and 
programme rights which are expensed as 
part of cost of sales) and share of post-
tax results from investments accounted 
for using the equity method
ECL Expected credit losses
EDS Euan Daryl Smith
EPF Employees Provident Fund
EPS Earnings per share
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
ESG AMC ESG Assurance Management Committee
eSports A multiplayer video game played 
competitively for spectators, typically by 
professional gamers
Excorp Excorp Holdings N.V.
FBMKLCI FTSE Bursa Malaysia Kuala Lumpur 
Composite Index
FCF Free cash flow
FM Frequency modulation, commonly refers 
to the delivery of music and speech via 
terrestrial radio broadcast
FTA Free-to-air
FTSE4Good 
Bursa Malaysia 
Index
An index comprising companies that 
demonstrate a leading approach to ESG, 
from the universe of companies in the 
FTSE Bursa Malaysia EMAS Index
FY20 Financial year ended 31st January 2020
FY21 Financial year ended 31st January 2021
FY22 Financial year ended 31st January 2022
FY23 Financial year ended 31st January 2023
FY24 Financial year ended 31st January 2024
FY25 Financial year ended 31st January 2025
FY26 Financial year ended 31st January 2026
GBS Global Broadcast Systems N.V.
Gbps Gigabits per second
GCEO Group Chief Executive Officer
GCFO Group Chief Financial Officer
GCOO Group Chief Operating Officer
GDP Gross domestic product
GHG Greenhouse gas
GMK Grup Majalah Karangkraf Sdn Bhd
GNSB Gerak Nusantara Sdn Bhd
GRI Global Reporting Initiative
GRM Group Risk Management
GRMF Group Risk Management Framework
Group Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad and its 
subsidiaries
GRS Global Radio Systems N.V.
GST Goods and Services Tax
HD High-definition, commonly refers to TV or 
video at a resolution of either 720p, 1080i 
or 1080p
HKD Hong Kong Dollar
HKSB Harapan Kota Sdn Bhd
HNSB Harapan Nusantra Sdn Bhd
HTSB Harapan Terus Sdn Bhd
HVH Home View Holdings N.V.
HVL Home View Limited N.V.
IAR2024 Integrated Annual Report 2024
IFRS International Financial Reporting 
Standards
IIRC International Integrated Reporting Council
INED Independent Non-Executive Director
IP Intellectual property
IPO Initial public offering of up to 
1,518,300,000 ordinary shares in AMH, 
comprising a public issue and offer for sale 
in October 2012
IPTV Internet Protocol Television, generally 
referring to multichannel digital TV 
distributed over a managed IP network 
with a managed quality of service and 
dedicated bandwidth
IRS Interest Rate Swaps
ISD Illicit streaming devices
ISMS Information Security Management System
ISO International Organisation for 
Standardisation
ISP Internet service provider
IT Information technology
JAS Department of Environment
KASB Karya Anggun Sdn Bhd
Khazanah Khazanah Nasional Berhad
KLCI FTSE Bursa Malaysia KLCI
KPI Key performance indicator
KPM Ministry of Education
KS Kenneth Shen
kWh kilowatt-hour
LGK Lim Ghee Keong
Glossary

---- Page 174 ----
172
LOA Limits of authority
LPD Latest practicable date of 23 April 2024
LTIP Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad's Long 
Term Incentive Plan
m Million(s)
m³ Cubic meter
Major 
Shareholder
A person who has an interest or interests 
in one or more voting shares in our 
Company and the nominal amount of that 
share, or the aggregate of the nominal 
amounts of those shares, is: (i) 10% or  
more of the aggregate of the nominal 
amounts of all the voting shares in 
our Company; or (ii) 5% or more of the 
aggregate of the nominal amounts of all 
the voting shares in our Company where 
such person is the largest shareholder of 
our Company
MACC Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission
MAU Monthly active users
Maxis Maxis Berhad
Maxis 
Broadband
Maxis Broadband Sdn Bhd
MBNS MEASAT Broadcast Network Systems Sdn 
Bhd
Mbps Megabits per second
MCCG Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 
2021
MCMC Malaysian Communications and 
Multimedia Commission
MDIG MEASAT Digicast Sdn Bhd
MFL Malaysian Football League
MFRS Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards
MGB MEASAT Global Berhad
MGR Maestra Global Radio N.V.
MGNS MEASAT Global Network Systems  
Sdn Bhd
MGTC Malaysian Green Technology and Climate 
Change Centre
MIB Maestra International Broadcast N.V.
MISAL MEASAT International (South Asia) Ltd
MJT Matthew James Turner
MM Mazita binti Mokty
MMLR The Main Market Listing Requirements and 
Practice Notes of Bursa Malaysia
MRC MEASAT Radio Communications Sdn Bhd
MSS MEASAT Satellite Systems Sdn Bhd
MSS 2012 Management Share Scheme
MSSB Mujur Sanjung Sdn Bhd
MSWG Minority Shareholder Watch Group
MTAM Maestro Talent and Management Sdn Bhd
MTBC MEASAT Broadcast Centre, Cyberjaya
MTN Medium Term Note
MUSB Metro Ujud Sdn Bhd
MVP Astro’s Most Valuable Player Award
NED Non-Executive Director
NISB Nu Ideaktiv Sdn Bhd
NINED Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
NIOSH National Institute of Occupational Safety  
and Health
NJOI Astro’s non-subscription based DTH 
satellite TV service
NMB Nicola Mary Bamford
NRCGC Nomination, Remuneration and Corporate 
Governance Committee
NSL Netball Super League
OD On Demand, a personalised video viewing 
service
ODU Outdoor unit refers to a set of satellite 
equipment installed outdoors, including a 
satellite dish
OPEX Operational expenditure
OSH Occupational Safety and Health
OSHE Occupational Safety, Health and 
Environment
OSL Orient Systems Limited N.V.
OTT Over-the-Top, refers to the ability to 
deliver a service to an end user over a 
third-party's network or the open Internet, 
usually in reference to video services
PanOcean PanOcean Management Limited
PAT Profit after taxation
PATAMI Profit after taxation and minority interests
PBS Pacific Broadcast Systems N.V.
PBT Profit before taxation
PCBV Pantai Cahaya Bulan Ventures Sdn Bhd
PDPA Personal Data Protection Act 2010
Person(s) 
Connected
This shall have the same meaning as in 
Paragraph 1.01, Chapter 1 of the MMLR
PEW Perfect Excellence Waves Sdn Bhd
PGSB Prisma Gergasi Sdn Bhd
PLC Public listed company
PPV Pay-Per-View
PSA Public service announcements
PSIL Pacific States Investment Limited
PSU Performance Share Units
Glossary

---- Page 175 ----
173
PwC PricewaterhouseCoopers, Astro’s external
auditors
RA Rossana Annizah binti Ahmad Rashid
Radex Radio advertising revenue
RCV Renzo Christopher Viegas
RM Ringgit Malaysia
RPT Related Party Transaction
RRPT Recurrent Related Party Transaction
RSU Restricted Share Units
SBTC Strategy and Business Transformation 
Committee
SC Simon Cathcart
SFCL Synthetic Foreign Currency Loan facility
SHNV Southpac Holdings N.V.
SIL Southpac Investments Limited N.V.
SLT Senior Leadership Team
SME Small and medium-sized enterprises
SNSB Sanjung Nusantara Sdn Bhd
SORMIC Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control
SRGAP SRG Asia Pacific Sdn Bhd
STB Set-top box / decoder
STL Sepak Takraw League
Sun TV Sun TV Network Limited
TAK Ananda Krishnan Tatparanandam
Tanjong plc Tanjong Public Limited Company
TAR Tunku Ali Redhauddin Ibni Tuanku Muhriz
TUSB Tayangan Unggul Sdn Bhd
TBSB Tujuan Bidari Sdn Bhd
TCSB Tanjong Capital Sdn Bhd
tCO2e Tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, a unit 
to measure GHG emissions relative to one 
unit of CO2
TGV TGV Cinemas Sdn Bhd
Total 
Borrowings
Term loans and finance leases, excluding 
vendor financing
Transponder(s) A device mounted on a satellite that 
receives, converts and retransmits radio 
frequency signals
TMK Maya Krishnan Tatparanandam
TV Television
TV Households Households with at least one TV set
TWSSB Tujuan Wira Suria Sdn Bhd
U-Boxes Ultra and Ulti Boxes
UCSB Ujud Cergas Sdn Bhd
Ulti Box Astro’s flagship decoder with HD viewing 
capability
Ultra Box Astro’s flagship decoder with 4K UHD 
viewing capability
UMSB Ujud Murni Sdn Bhd
UNSDG United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals
UTES Usaha Tegas Entertainment Systems  
Sdn Bhd
UTP UT Projects Sdn Bhd
UTSB Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd
UTSBM UTSB Management Sdn Bhd
VSS Voluntary Separation Scheme
w.e.f. with effect from
WPP Whistleblowing Policy and Procedures
Yayasan Yayasan Astro Kasih (Astro Kasih 
Foundation)
4K UHD Refers to a horizontal display resolution of 
approximately 4,000 pixels in Ultra High 
Definition with display resolution of  
3,840 x 2,160
5G Fifth generation wireless technology for 
digital cellular networks
Glossary

---- Page 176 ----
174
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Twelfth Annual General Meeting of ASTRO MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD 
(“the Company”) will be conducted virtually on Wednesday, 26 June 2024 at 2.00 p.m. from the broadcast 
venue at All Asia Broadcast Centre, Technology Park Malaysia, Lebuhraya Puchong-Sungai Besi, Bukit Jalil, 
57000 Kuala Lumpur and via the online meeting platform at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com for the 
following purposes:
AS ORDINARY BUSINESS
(1) To receive the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended  
31 January 2024 and the Reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon.
 (Explanatory Note 1)
(2) To re-elect the following Directors who retire by rotation pursuant to Rule 126 of the Company’s 
Constitution and who being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election:
(i) Kenneth Shen
(ii) Mazita binti Mokty
 (Explanatory Note 2)
(3) To approve the payment of Directors’ fees and benefits for the period from 27 June 2024 until the next 
Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2025.
 (Explanatory Note 3)
(4) To re-appoint Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers PL T as Auditors of the Company to hold office until the 
conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting and to authorise the Directors of the Company to fix  
their remuneration.
 (Explanatory Note 4)
AS SPECIAL BUSINESS
To consider and if thought fit, pass the following Ordinary Resolutions with or without modifications:
(5) Authority for the Directors of the Company to Issue Ordinary Shares pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of 
the Companies Act 2016
 “THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby empowered, pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 
of the Companies Act 2016 (“Act”), to issue and allot ordinary shares in the Company, at any time, to 
such persons, upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes as the Directors may in their 
absolute discretion deem fit, including in pursuance of offers, agreements, rights or options to be made 
or granted by the Directors while this approval is in force, and that the Directors be and are hereby 
further authorised to make or grant offers, agreements, rights or options in respect of ordinary shares 
in the Company including those which would or might require ordinary shares in the Company to 
be issued after the expiration of the approval hereof, provided that the aggregate number of shares 
to be issued pursuant to this approval does not exceed 10% of the total number of issued ordinary 
shares of the Company for the time being, and that the Directors be and are also empowered to obtain 
approval for the listing of and quotation for the additional ordinary shares so issued on Bursa Malaysia  
Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”);
 AND THAT such authority shall continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next Annual General 
Meeting of the Company, subject always to the Act, the Constitution of the Company, the Main Market 
Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities and the approvals of all relevant regulatory bodies being 
obtained (if required) (“General Mandate”).”
 (Explanatory Note 5)
Resolution 1
Resolution 2
Resolution 3
Resolution 4
Resolution 5
Notice of Annual General Meeting

---- Page 177 ----
175
Resolution 6
Resolution 7
Resolution 8
Resolution 9
Resolution 10
Resolution 11
Resolution 12
Resolution 13
Resolution 14
Resolution 15
Notice of Annual General Meeting
(6) Renewal of Authority for the Directors of the Company to Issue Ordinary Shares in relation to the 
Dividend Reinvestment Plan
 “THAT, pursuant to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (“DRP”) of the Company, approval be and is  
hereby given to the Company to allot and issue such number of ordinary shares in the Company 
(“Shares”) from time to time as may be required to be allotted and issued pursuant to the DRP until the 
conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company, upon such terms and conditions and 
to such persons as the Directors of the Company may in their absolute discretion deem fit and in the 
best interest of the Company, provided that the issue price of the Shares shall be determined and fixed 
by the Directors at not more than 10% discount to the adjusted five-day weighted average market 
price (“WAMP”) of the Shares immediately prior to the price-fixing date, of which the WAMP shall be  
adjusted ex-dividend before applying the aforementioned discount in fixing the issue price;
 AND THAT the Directors and the Secretary of the Company be and are hereby authorised to do all 
such acts and enter into, execute, sign and deliver, all such documents, agreements, transactions and 
arrangements as may be necessary or expedient in order to give full effect to the DRP with full power 
to assent to any conditions, modifications, variations and/or amendments (if any) as may be imposed 
or agreed to by any relevant authorities or consequent upon the implementation of the said conditions, 
modifications, variations and/or amendments, as they in their absolute discretion deem fit and in the 
best interest of the Company.”
 (Explanatory Note 6)
(7) Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for the Company and/or its Subsidiaries to enter into Recurrent 
Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with the following Related Parties:
 Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd and/or its affiliates
 Maxis Berhad and/or its affiliates
 MEASAT Global Berhad and/or its affiliates 
 Astro Holdings Sdn Bhd and/or its affiliates 
 Sun TV Network Limited and/or its affiliates 
 SRG Asia Pacific Sdn Bhd and/or its affiliates
 Legasi Hussamuddin Yaacub Sdn Bhd, Ultimate Technologies Sdn Bhd, Kotamar Holdings Sdn Bhd, 
  Dato’ Hussamuddin bin Haji Yaacub and/or their respective affiliates
 Telekom Malaysia Berhad and/or its affiliates
 TIME dotCom Berhad and/or affiliates
 “THAT approval be and is hereby given pursuant to Paragraph 10.09 of the Main Market Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad for the Company and/or its subsidiaries to enter into 
recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature with each of the abovementioned 
parties, respectively pursuant to Resolutions 7 to 15, the details of which are set out in the Company’s 
Circular to Shareholders dated 20 May 2024 (“Proposed RRPT Mandate”);
 PROVIDED THAT such transactions are necessary for the day-to-day operations of the Company  
and/or its subsidiaries, are carried out in the ordinary course of business on normal commercial terms, 
and on terms which are not more favourable to the parties with which such recurrent transactions are 
to be entered into than those generally available to the public and which are not detrimental to the 
minority shareholders of the Company;

---- Page 178 ----
176
Notice of Annual General Meeting
 AND THAT the Proposed RRPT Mandate shall continue to be in force until:
(a) the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company at which time the authority 
will lapse, unless such authority is renewed by a resolution passed at such general meeting;
(b) the expiration of the period within which such Annual General Meeting is required to be held 
pursuant to Section 340(2) of the Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) (but shall not extend to such 
extension as may be allowed pursuant to Section 340(4) of the Act); or
(c) the resolution is revoked or varied by a resolution passed by the shareholders in a general meeting,
 whichever is the earliest;
 AND THAT the Directors of the Company be authorised to take such steps and to do all acts and things 
and execute all such documents as they may consider necessary or expedient to give effect to the 
Proposed RRPT Mandate.”
 (Explanatory Note 7)
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD
LIEW WEI YEE SHARON
Company Secretary (LS0007908) 
SSM Practising Certificate No. 201908003488
20 May 2024 
Kuala Lumpur


---- Page 179 ----
177
EXPLANATORY NOTES
(1) Audited Financial Statements and the Reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon
 The Audited Financial Statements and the Reports of the Directors and Auditors of the Company are laid at the Twelfth 
Annual General Meeting (“12 th AGM”) in accordance with Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies Act 2016 (“Act”). There is no 
requirement to seek shareholders’ approval and hence, this agenda item is meant for discussion only and will not be put 
forward for voting.
(2) Re-election of Directors
 Resolutions 1 and 2 – Rule 126 of the Constitution of the Company provides that at each annual general meeting (“AGM”), 
one-third of the Directors of the Company for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the 
number nearest to one-third, shall retire from office, provided that all Directors shall retire from office once at least in each 
three years, but shall be eligible for re-election.
 Given the number of Directors who are subject to retirement by rotation, two out of seven Directors shall retire at the  
12th AGM. Kenneth Shen (“KS”) and Mazita binti Mokty (“MM”), who have been longest in office since their last election,  
shall retire by rotation at the 12th AGM. KS and MM, being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election.
 KS is a Nominee Director of Khazanah Nasional Berhad through Pantai Cahaya Bulan Ventures Sdn Bhd, a substantial 
shareholder of the Company. His qualification, experience, directorship, position and relationship are set out in his profile 
on page 89 of the Integrated Annual Report 2024. MM is a Nominee Director of Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd, a substantial 
shareholder of the Company, through Usaha Tegas Entertainment Systems Sdn Bhd and All Asia Media Equities Ltd.  
Her profile is set out on page 90.
 The Nomination, Remuneration and Corporate Governance Committee (“NRCGC”) has assessed the performance and 
contributions of the retiring Directors and took into consideration, inter alia, the findings of the Board Effectiveness 
Evaluation for the financial year ended 31 January 2024 (“FY24”) and the criteria set out in the Directors’ Fit and Proper 
Policy (“DFPP”). Based on the FY24 BEE, the Board of Directors (“Board”) noted that KS’ vast experience in the realm 
of investments and financial acumen underscores his contribution to discussions in the boardroom; and MM’s legal  
expertise complements the overall Board skill sets and provides added assurance to Board decisions. Both Directors have 
furnished their fit and proper self-declarations to the Company in accordance with the DFPP.
 Based on the NRCGC’s recommendation, the Board (save for KS and MM who have abstained from deliberating and  
voting) has recommended for shareholders’ approval the re-election of KS and MM as Directors of the Company.
(3) Directors’ Fees and Benefits
 Pursuant to Section 230 of the Act, any fees and benefits (“Remuneration”) payable to the directors of a listed company  
and its subsidiaries shall be approved at a general meeting.
 At the Eleventh AGM held on 21 June 2023 (“11 th AGM”), the Remuneration payable to the Non-Executive Directors of the 
Company (“NEDs”) for the period commencing 22 June 2023 until the 12 th AGM was approved up to a maximum amount 
of RM3.81 million. The utilisation from 22 June 2023 up until 31 January 2024 (slightly more than seven months) was  
RM1.791 million. Based on the current Board size and the estimated frequency of meetings to be held until the 12 th AGM, 
the total utilisation is expected to be approximately RM2.936 million or 77% of the approved amount. Total Directors’  
remuneration for FY24 is RM3.095 million (financial year ended 31 January 2023: RM3.265 million).
Notice of Annual General Meeting

---- Page 180 ----
178
 At this 12 th AGM, the Company is seeking its shareholders’ approval for the payment of Remuneration of up to  
RM3.81 million to the NEDs (unchanged since 2022) for the period commencing 27 June 2024 until the next AGM to be held 
in 2025 in accordance with such Remuneration structure as may be determined by the Board from time to time, including 
NEDs and Board committee members appointed after the 12 th AGM or in relation to any Board position or committee  
established after the 12 th AGM, payable on a monthly basis and/or as and when incurred. Subject to any subsequent 
determination by the Board, the indicative Remuneration structure proposed to be adopted is as follows: 
Remuneration Rates (RM)
Board Chairman 600,000 per annum
Non-Executive Director 280,000 per annum
Audit and Risk Committee
• Chairman 50,000 per annum
• Member 25,000 per annum
Nomination, Remuneration and Corporate Governance Committee
• Chairman 40,000 per annum
• Member 20,000 per annum
Strategy and Business Transformation Committee
• Chairman 40,000 per annum
• Member 20,000 per annum
New Board committee(s) (if any)
• Chairman 40,000 per annum
• Member 20,000 per annum
Meeting Allowance 1,000 per day
Car Allowance for Board Chairman 12,000 per month
(4) Re-appointment of Auditors
 The Board, through the Audit and Risk Committee (“ARC”), undertakes an annual assessment of the suitability and 
independence of PricewaterhouseCoopers PL T (“PwC”) as the Auditors of the Company in accordance with the ARC 
Charter and the Policy on the Selection and Appointment of External Auditor. In respect of FY24, the said evaluation was 
conducted through questionnaires that were completed by the ARC and Senior Leadership Team members who had active 
interactions with PwC during the financial year, as well as a self-assessment by PwC. The scope of the evaluation covered  
the following areas:
(i) Independence, objectivity and professional scepticism
(ii) Quality process and performance
(iii) Financial stability and risk profile of the firm
(iv) Audit strategy, scope and planning
(v) Communication and interaction
(vi) Level of knowledge, capabilities and experience of the audit team
 Having regard to the outcome of the evaluation, PwC’s written assurance of independence and the PwC Malaysia 
Transparency Report 2023, the ARC was satisfied with the suitability of PwC from the aspects of competence, audit quality 
and resources as well as the appropriateness of the audit fees to support a quality audit. The ARC was also satisfied that  
the provision of non-audit services by PwC did not impair their objectivity and independence as Auditors of the Company.
 On this basis, the Board has recommended for shareholders’ approval the re-appointment of PwC as Auditors of the  
Company under Resolution 4, to hold office until the next AGM in 2025 in accordance with Section 271(4) of the Act.
Notice of Annual General Meeting

---- Page 181 ----
179
Notice of Annual General Meeting
(5) Authority for the Directors of the Company to Issue Ordinary Shares
 Resolution 5, if passed, will enable the Board, pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Act, to issue and allot shares in the 
Company and to make or grant offers, agreements, rights or options in respect of new shares in the Company pursuant to  
the General Mandate obtained, up to 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company. This authority, unless revoked 
or varied at a general meeting, will expire at the conclusion of the next AGM in 2025.
 Please refer to Part B of the Statement Accompanying Notice of 12th AGM for further details of the General Mandate.
(6) Renewal of Authority for the Directors of the Company to Issue Ordinary Shares in relation to the Dividend  
Reinvestment Plan 
 Resolution 6, if passed, will renew the authority granted by the shareholders of the Company at the 11 th AGM and continue 
to empower the Directors to issue and allot new ordinary shares of the Company in respect of any dividends to be  
declared under the DRP of the Company. The DRP, which was approved on 27 June 2019, provides an option to the 
shareholders of the Company to elect to re-invest their cash dividend entitlements in new ordinary shares of the Company. 
This authority, unless revoked or varied at a general meeting, will expire at the conclusion of the next AGM in 2025.
(7) Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions 
 Detailed information regarding the proposed mandate for recurrent related party transactions (“RRPTs”) is set out in 
the Circular to Shareholders dated 20 May 2024. Resolutions 7 to 15, if passed, will enable the Company and/or its  
subsidiaries (“the Group”) to enter into RRPTs in the ordinary course of business of a revenue or trading nature, which are 
necessary for the Group’s day-to-day operations, and based on terms which are not more favourable to the related parties 
than those generally available to the public. Such mandate shall lapse at the conclusion of the next AGM in 2025 unless 
authority for its renewal is obtained from the shareholders at such general meeting. 
NOTES ON ABSTENTION FROM VOTING
(1) The Director(s) referred to in Resolutions 1 and 2 who is/are a shareholder of the Company, shall abstain from voting on  
the resolution relating to his/her re-election at the 12th AGM.
(2) A Director who is a shareholder of the Company will abstain from voting on Resolution 3 relating to the payment of  
Directors’ fees and benefits at the 12th AGM.
(3) A Director who is a shareholder of the Company will abstain from voting on Resolutions 7 to 15 relating to RRPTs in which  
he/she is deemed interested, as set out in the Circular to Shareholders dated 20 May 2024, at the 12th AGM.

---- Page 182 ----
180
Notice of Annual General Meeting
NOTES ON VOTING RIGHTS AND PROCEDURES
(1) The 12th AGM of the Company will be conducted virtually via live-streaming from the broadcast venue and via the online 
meeting platform at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com. Please refer to the Administrative Guide for details.
(2) Shareholders, proxies and authorised representatives / attorneys will participate through Remote Participation and  
Electronic Voting facilities (“RPEV facilities”). Registration for RPEV facilities will open on Monday, 20 May 2024 until 
such time before the voting session ends at the 12 th AGM on Wednesday, 26 June 2024 (“Registration Deadline”).  
Shareholders are encouraged to register at least 24 hours before the commencement of the 12 th AGM to avoid any 
unforeseeable delays in the registration process.
(3)  The poll voting session will be declared at the commencement of the 12 th AGM or at such other time as announced by the 
Chairman, and will continue until the time declared by the Chairman to be the end of the voting session. 
(4) In accordance with Rule 106 of the Constitution of the Company, each Member of the Company shall be entitled to be 
present and vote at any general meeting of the Company, either personally or by proxy or by attorney, and be reckoned 
in a quorum in respect of shares fully paid and in respect of partly paid shares where calls are not due and unpaid.  
Members may exercise their right to participate in the 12th AGM including the right to pose questions.
(5) Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A of the Main Market Listing Requirements, voting at the 12 th AGM will be conducted by poll. 
Every Member present in person or by proxy or by attorney or other duly authorised representative shall have one (1) vote  
for every share held by him. A person entitled to more than one (1) vote need not use all his votes or cast all the votes he uses 
on a poll in the same way. 
(6) The Company has appointed Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd (“Boardroom”) as the poll administrator to conduct the 
poll by way of electronic voting and KPMG Management & Risk Consulting Sdn Bhd as the independent scrutineer to verify 
the poll results. 
NOTES ON PROXY
(1) In accordance with Rule 106.5 of the Constitution of the Company, if a Member is unable to participate at the 12 th AGM,  
he/she is entitled to appoint one (1) or more proxies to exercise all or any of his/her rights to attend, participate, speak and  
vote for him/her subject to the following provisions:
(i)  save as provided for Note (2) below, the Act and any applicable law, each Member shall not be permitted to appoint 
more than two (2) proxies to attend the same meeting; and 
(ii) where a Member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless he/she specifies the 
proportion of his/her holdings to be represented by each proxy. 
(2) For the avoidance of doubt and subject always to Note (1)(ii) above, the Act and any applicable law:
(i) where a Member is an exempt authorised nominee, which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple 
beneficial owners in one (1) securities account (“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the  
authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds; and 
(ii) where a Member is an authorised nominee, it may appoint at least one (1) proxy in respect of each securities account 
it holds to which ordinary shares in the Company are credited. Each appointment of proxy by an authorised nominee 
may be made separately or in one (1) instrument of proxy and should specify the securities account number and the  
name of the beneficial owner for whom the authorised nominee is acting.

---- Page 183 ----
181
Notice of Annual General Meeting
(3) There shall be no restriction as to the qualification of the proxy. Hence, a proxy may but need not be a Member. A proxy 
appointed to attend and vote at the meeting shall have the same rights as a Member to attend, participate, speak and vote 
at the meeting.
(4) The instrument appointing a proxy (“Proxy Form”) must be received by Boardroom latest by Tuesday, 25 June 2024  
at 2.00 p.m. (“Proxy Lodgement Deadline”). The Proxy Form may be deposited with Boardroom in the following manner:
(i) By electronic means
• Through the Boardroom Smart Investor Portal (“BSIP”) at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com by logging in  
and selecting ‘SUBMIT E-PROXY FORM’.
• By sending the Proxy Form via email to bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com.
(ii) In hardcopy form
 By sending the ORIGINAL Proxy Form by hand or post to 11th Floor, Menara Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim, 
Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor.
(5) If you choose to deposit the Proxy Form by hand or post, the Proxy Form shall:
(i) in the case of an individual, be in writing under the hand of the appointor or of his/her attorney; and
(ii) in the case of a corporation, be either under the corporation’s seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly 
authorised.
(6) If you have submitted your Proxy Form and subsequently decide to appoint another person or you wish to participate in 
the AGM, please revoke the appointment of your proxy no later than Tuesday, 25 June 2024 at 2.00 p.m., being 24 hours  
before the meeting. Please follow the steps below for revocation of Proxy Form:
(i) Revocation of submitted eProxy Form via BSIP
a. Click ‘Meeting Event(s)’ and select from the list of companies - ‘ASTRO MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD  
12TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING’ and click ‘Enter’
b. Click on ‘Submit Another eProxy Form’
c. Click ‘View’ under ‘Submitted eProxy Form List’
d. Click ‘Cancel/Revoke’ at the bottom of the eProxy form
e. Click ‘Proceed’ to confirm
(ii) Revocation of submitted Proxy Form by email or by hand or post
 
 Please write to bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com to revoke the appointment of proxy(ies)
(7) The Company reserves the right to reject incomplete or erroneous forms. If the Proxy Form is submitted without an indication 
as to how the proxy shall vote on any particular resolution, the proxy may exercise his discretion as to whether, and how,  
to vote on such matter.
MEMBERS ENTITLED TO PARTICIPATE AND VOTE AT THE 12TH AGM
For the purpose of determining a Member who is entitled to participate and vote at the 12 th AGM, the Company will request 
Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd, in accordance with Rule 89.1(b) of the Constitution of the Company and Section 34(1) of 
the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991, to issue the General Meeting Record of Depositors as at 19 June 2024.  
Only a depositor whose name appears therein shall be entitled to attend the 12 th AGM or appoint proxy(ies) to attend and/or vote 
on his/her behalf. 

---- Page 184 ----
182
PART A (Resolutions 1 and 2)
RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO THE CONSTITUTION OF THE COMPANY
(i) No individual is seeking election as a Director at the Twelfth Annual General Meeting (“12th AGM”) of the Company.
(ii) The profiles of Directors who are standing for re-election under Resolutions 1 and 2 as set out in the Notice of the 12 th AGM 
are on pages 89 and 90 of the Company’s Integrated Annual Report 2024 and Explanatory Note 2 of the Notice of 12th AGM.
PART B (Resolution 5)
AUTHORITY FOR DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE ORDINARY SHARES PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 75 AND 76 OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT 2016
The Company’s shareholders had approved a resolution to authorise the Directors to allot and issue new ordinary shares in the 
Company pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) at the Eleventh Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held 
on 21 June 2023. The Company has not issued any new shares pursuant to the said mandate which will lapse upon the conclusion 
of this 12th AGM.
Resolution 5, if passed, will authorise and empower the Directors, pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Act, to allot and issue 
new ordinary shares in the Company up to an aggregate number not exceeding 10% of the total number of issued shares of 
the Company for the time being, and to make or grant, offers, agreements, rights or options in respect of such shares, from the 
date of 12 th AGM until the next AGM of the Company for such purposes as the Directors deem necessary (“General Mandate”).  
The proposed General Mandate will provide flexibility for any possible fund-raising activities, including but not limited to  
placement of shares for the purposes of funding future investments, working capital and/or acquisitions. In any event, the Board of 
Directors will exercise its authority to issue shares only if it considers it to be in the best interest of the Company.
Statement Accompanying
Notice of Twelfth Annual General Meeting
Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad

---- Page 185 ----
(Company No. 201101004392 (932533-V))
Proxy Form
Number of Shares Held CDS Account No.
 
*I/We,   *NRIC/*Passport/*Company No.  
 (full name of Member in block letters) 
of   
 (full address of Member in block letters)
and telephone no.  , being a Member of Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad ("the Company"), hereby  
appoint the following person(s) as my/our proxy:
Full Name of Proxy in Block Letters Contact Details *NRIC/*Passport No.
No. of Shares to 
be Represented %
Proxy 1
H/P no.:
Email:
Proxy 2
H/P no.:
Email:
Total 100%
or failing *him/*her, THE CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING as *my/*our proxy/*proxies to vote for *me/*us on *my/*our behalf at the Twelfth Annual General 
Meeting (“12th AGM”) of the Company, conducted virtually on Wednesday, 26 June 2024 at 2.00 p.m. from the broadcast venue at All Asia Broadcast 
Centre, Technology Park Malaysia, Lebuhraya Puchong-Sungai Besi, Bukit Jalil, 57000 Kuala Lumpur and via the online meeting platform at  
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com and at any adjournment thereof.
*I/*We hereby indicate with an “x” in the spaces below how *I/we wish *my/our vote(s) to be cast:
No. Ordinary Resolutions For Against Abstain
1. Re-election of Kenneth Shen as a Director of the Company
2. Re-election of Mazita binti Mokty as a Director of the Company
3. Payment of Directors’ Fees and Benefits for the period from 27 June 2024 until the next Annual General Meeting of the 
Company in 2025
4. Re-appointment of Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers PL T as Auditors of the Company
5. Authority for Directors of the Company to Issue Ordinary Shares pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016
6. Renewal of Authority for the Directors of the Company to Issue Ordinary Shares in relation to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
7. Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions with Usaha Tegas Sdn Bhd and/or its affiliates
8. Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions with Maxis Berhad and/or its affiliates
9. Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions with MEASAT Global Berhad and/or its affiliates
10. Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions with Astro Holdings Sdn Bhd and/or its affiliates
11. Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions with Sun TV Network Limited and/or its affiliates 
12. Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions with SRG Asia Pacific Sdn Bhd and/or its affiliates
13. Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions with Legasi Hussamuddin Yaacub Sdn Bhd, 
Ultimate Technologies Sdn Bhd, Kotamar Holdings Sdn Bhd, Dato’ Hussamuddin bin Haji Yaacub and/or their respective 
affiliates
14. Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions with Telekom Malaysia Berhad and/or its affiliates
15. Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions with TIME dotCom Berhad and/or its affiliates
Subject to the abovestated voting instructions, *my/*our proxy may vote or abstain from voting on any resolutions as *he/*she/*they may think fit.
Dated this   day of   2024
 
Signed by hand (if individual)/by affixation of Common Seal (if corporation)

---- Page 186 ----
NOTES ON PROXY
(1) In accordance with Rule 106.5 of the Constitution of the Company, if a Member is unable to participate at the 
12th AGM, he/she is entitled to appoint one (1) or more proxies to exercise all or any of his/her rights to attend, 
participate, speak and vote for him/her subject to the following provisions:
(i)  save as provided for Note (2) below, the Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) and any applicable law, each Member 
shall not be permitted to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend the same meeting; and 
(ii) where a Member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless he/she specifies the 
proportion of his/her holdings to be represented by each proxy. 
(2) For the avoidance of doubt and subject always to Note (1)(ii) above, the Act and any applicable law:
(i) where a Member is an exempt authorised nominee, which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple 
beneficial owners in one (1) securities account (“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies 
which the authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds; and 
(ii) where a Member is an authorised nominee, it may appoint at least one (1) proxy in respect of each securities 
account it holds to which ordinary shares in the Company are credited. Each appointment of proxy by an 
authorised nominee may be made separately or in one (1) instrument of proxy and should specify the securities 
account number and the name of the beneficial owner for whom the authorised nominee is acting.
(3)  There shall be no restriction as to the qualification of the proxy. Hence, a proxy may but need not be a Member. 
A proxy appointed to attend and vote at the meeting shall have the same rights as a Member to attend,  
participate, speak and vote at the meeting.
(4)  The instrument appointing a proxy (“Proxy Form”) must be received by Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd 
latest by Tuesday, 25 June 2024 at 2.00 p.m. (“Proxy Lodgement Deadline”). The Proxy Form may be deposited 
with Boardroom in the following manner:
(i) By electronic means
• Through the Boardroom Smart Investor Portal (“BSIP”) at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com by logging 
in and selecting ‘SUBMIT E-PROXY FORM’.
• By sending the Proxy Form via email to bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com.
(ii) In hardcopy form
 By sending the ORIGINAL Proxy Form by hand or post to 11 th Floor, Menara Symphony, No. 5,  
Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor.
(5) If you choose to deposit the Proxy Form by hand or post, the Proxy Form shall:
(i) in the case of an individual, be signed by the appointor or by his/her attorney; and
(ii) in the case of a corporation, be either under the corporation’s seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney 
duly authorised. 
(6) If you have submitted your Proxy Form and subsequently decide to appoint another person or you wish to 
participate in the AGM, please revoke the appointment of your proxy no later than Tuesday, 25 June 2024 at  
2.00 p.m., being 24 hours before the meeting. Please follow the steps below for revocation of Proxy Form:
(i) Revocation of submitted eProxy Form via BSIP
a. Click ‘Meeting Event(s)’ and select from the list of companies - ‘ASTRO MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD 
12TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING’ and click ‘Enter’
b. Click on ‘Submit Another eProxy Form’
c. Click ‘View’ under ‘Submitted eProxy Form List’
d. Click ‘Cancel/Revoke’ at the bottom of the eProxy form
e. Click ‘Proceed’ to confirm
(ii) Revocation of submitted Proxy Form by email or by hand or post
 Please write to bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com to revoke the appointment of proxy(ies)
(7) The Company reserves the right to reject incomplete or erroneous forms. If the Proxy Form is submitted without an 
indication as to how the proxy shall vote on any particular resolution, the proxy may exercise his discretion as to 
whether, and how, to vote on such matter.
MEMBERS ENTITLED TO PARTCIPATE AND VOTE AT THE 12TH AGM
For the purpose of determining a Member who is entitled to participate and vote at the 12 th AGM, the Company 
will request from Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd, in accordance with Rule 89.1(b) of the Constitution of 
the Company and Section 34(1) of the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991, to issue the Record 
of Depositors as at 19 June 2024. Only a depositor whose name appears therein shall be entitled to attend the  
12th AGM or appoint proxy(ies) to attend and/or vote on his/her behalf. 
PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
By submitting the information in this form, you consent to Astro Malaysia Holdings Berhad (201101004392  
(932533-V)) processing your personal data in the manner stipulated in the Privacy Notice for Shareholders set out in 
www.astro.com.my/privacy-notice-shareholders and warrant that consent of the proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) 
whose personal data you have provided has also been obtained accordingly and that they have been informed of 
the privacy notice.
Please Fold Here
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd
11th Floor, Menara Symphony
No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim
Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Malaysia
Please Fold Here
STAMP


---- Page 187 ----


---- Page 188 ----
ASTRO MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD
Incorporated in Malaysia – Company No. 201101004392 (932533-V)
All Asia Broadcast Centre, Technology Park Malaysia, Lebuhraya Puchong-Sungai Besi,
Bukit Jalil, 57000 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
T   | +603 9543 6688
W | corporate.astro.com.my | www.astro.com.my
fb.com/astro
@astroonline
@astromalaysia
youtube.com/astromalaysia