---- Page 1 ----
Integrated annual report 2023
advancing & 
Inspiring Society

---- Page 2 ----
1
Chair of the
Board’s Statement
Realising the full potential 
from one of Southeast Asia’s 
telco mega-mergers
>>p.18
Chief executive 
officer’s review
Delivering a solid first year 
of financial, operational, and 
integration performance
>>p.20
Inside
This
Report
3 We Are CelcomDigi
5 Our Corporate Structure
6	 Board	of 	Directors’	Profiles
12	 Management’s	Profiles
Section 1:
Who We Are
94 Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement
112 Statement on Risk Management 
and Internal Control
120	 Additional	Compliance	Information
122 Statement of Responsibility by 
Directors
Section 5:
Corporate Governance
18 Chair of the Board’s Statement
20	 Chief	Executive	Officer’s	Review
25 Three-Year Financial Summary
Section 2:
Message from Our Leaders
28	 Value	Creation	Model
30	 Operating	Landscape	and	Outlook
35 Key Risks
41 Sustainability Management 
45	 Key	Relationships	
48 Materiality 
51 Strategy
Section 3:
Our Plans For Success
56 Financial Capital
61 Manufactured Capital
65 Intellectual Capital
71 Human Capital
78 Natural Capital
86	 Social	and	Relationship	Capital
Section 4:
Performance Review
Scan this QR Code to 
download our digital 
Integrated Annual Report 
2023 online
227 Independent Assurance Report
229	 List	of	Top	10	Properties
230 Disclosure of Recurrent Related 
Party	Transactions
233 Share Price Development
234 Analysis of Shareholdings
235 Statement of Directors’ and  
Chief	Executives’	Shareholdings
236	 List	of	30	Largest	Shareholders
238	 Corporate	Information
239 Corporate Directory
240 GRI Content Index
247 Performance Data Table 
(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	
Platform)
249 Performance Data Table 
(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	
Performances)
252	 Notice	of	Annual	General	Meeting
 Form of Proxy
Section 7:
Other Information
Section 6:
Audited Financial Statements
124 Directors’ Report
128 Statement by Directors
128	 Statutory	Declaration
129 Independent Auditors’ Report
135 Statements of Comprehensive 
Income
137	 Statements	of	Financial	Position
139 Statements of Changes in Equity
141 Statements of Cash Flows
144 Notes to the Financial Statements
about this report
We are pleased to present CelcomDigi Berhad’s 
Integrated Annual Report (IAR) for the financial 
year 2023 prepared in accordance with the 
IFRS Integrated Reporting Framework, and 
other established reporting frameworks and 
disclosure requirements. This IAR serves as our 
communication to our stakeholders on how we 
utilise our resources to manage our risks and 
opportunities. The report covers all business 
activities of CelcomDigi in 2023, including 
information pertaining to our financial and non-
financial strategic goals, and how we continue 
to create value for our brand, business, and 
stakeholders.
SCOPe AnD RePORTInG BOunDARIeS
The	scope	of	this	IAR	covers	the	financial	year	from	1	January	
2023	to	31	December	2023	(FY2023)	unless	otherwise	stated,	
and	encompasses	all	business	operations	of	CelcomDigi	Berhad	
(‘CelcomDigi’	or	‘the	Group’)	including	all	our	subsidiaries.
Sustainability	and	other	non-financial	performance	only	
encompass disclosure within wholly-owned subsidiaries of the 
Group.
No	restatements	were	made	unless	otherwise	stated.
RePORTInG FRAMeWORk AnD GuIDeLIneS
This IAR has been prepared with reference to the following 
established	reporting	frameworks	and	disclosure	requirements:
•	 IFRS	Integrated	Reporting	Framework
•	 Companies	Act	2016
•	 Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of 	Bursa	Malaysia	
(MMLR)
•	 Bursa	Sustainability 	Reporting	Guide	&	Toolkits
•	 Malaysian	Code	on	Corporate	Governance	(MCCG)
•	 Malaysian	Financial	Reporting	Standards	(MFRS)
•	 International	Financial	Reporting	Standards	(IFRS)
•	 Global	Reporting	Initiative	(GRI)	Standards
•	 ISAE	3000	(Revised)	–	Limited	 Assurance	Engagement
•	 Task	Force	on	Climate-related	Financial	Disclosures	(TCFD)
•	 GSMA	ESG	Metrics	for	Mobile
MATeRIALITy
We adopted a double materiality assessment to evaluate and 
disclose	the	impact	of	CelcomDigi’s	activities,	broadening	our	
perspectives	beyond	financial	implications	to	include	 wider	
economic,	social,	and	environmental	impact.	Stakeholder 	
inclusiveness	was	emphasised	in	the	identification	and	
assessment	of	each	matter,	besides	taking	guidance	from	
CelcomDigi’s risk assessment parameters and alignment to 
Bursa	Sustainability	Reporting	Guide	and	Toolkits,	and	the	
Global	Reporting	Initiative	(GRI).	
ReSPOnSIBILITy & ASSuRAnCe
The	Board	of	Directors	(Board)	of	CelcomDigi	has	ensured	
the integrity of this integrated report through governance and 
effective	disclosure	controls	and	procedures.	The	Reporting	
Committee,	comprising	the	Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO),	
Deputy	CEO,	Chief	Financial	Officer,	Chief	Corporate	Affairs	
Officer,	and	relevant	departments	have	ensured	that	the	report 	
is	compliant	with	all	regulations	and	reporting	frameworks.	This	
report	was	reviewed	and	approved	by	the	Board	on	15	March	
2024.
Our	audited	financial	statements	are	independently	audited	
and	prepared	in	accordance	with	the	MFRS,	IFRS,	and	the	
requirements	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	in	Malaysia.	The	
audited	financial	statements	are	disclosed	in	Section	6	from 	
pages	123	to	226.	We	have	also	obtained	limited	assurance	
from	an	independent	auditor	on	selected	non-financial	
indicators.	Further	details	of	the	independent	assurance	report	
can	be	found	on	pages	227	to	228.
FORwARD-LOOkIng STATemenTS
The forward-looking statements within this report only provide 
readers	with	a	potential	outlook	on	our	plans.	While	these	
statements	represent	our	judgment	on	future	expectations,	
readers should be aware that any forward-looking statements 
cannot be deemed to be the guaranteed performances of 
CelcomDigi,	as	a	number	of	risks,	uncertainties,	and	other	
important	factors	could	cause	actual	results	to	differ 	materially	
from	our	expectations.
RePORTInG SuITeS
We	are	committed	to	reporting	in	a	transparent	and	honest	
manner.	To	view	the	full	reporting	suite,	please	visit	our	website	
at https://corporate.celcomdigi.com/annualreport.
•	 Integrated	Annual	Report	2023
•	 Sustainability	Webpage	and	GRI	Index
•	 Corporate	Governance	Report	2023


---- Page 3 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
32
Accelerate	Integration,	Synergies,	and	Operational	
Excellence
about this report
RePORT  nA vIGATIOn
The	following	icons	help	to	align	our	integrated	narrative	so	that	readers	can	get	a	greater	sense	of	the	interconnectivity	and	inter-
relatedness	of	our	business.
Read More
Related Reference
e C1 S3Service Reliability 
and Quality
Occupational	Safety	
and Health
e C2 S4
Business 
Development,	
Expansion,	and	
Investments
Respecting	Human	
Rights and Freedom 
of Expression
G1 S5Regulatory 
Compliance Digital Inclusion
G2 S6Data Privacy and 
Cybersecurity Online Safety
G3
Business Ethics 
and Corporate 
Governance
Supply Chain 
Management
G4 en1
Crisis 
Management and 
Response
Climate Change 
and Environmental 
Action
S1 en2Customer 
Satisfaction
Energy 
Consumption
S2 Talent and Culture
Our material matters
Financial Human
Intellectual Social and 
Relationship
Manufactured Natural
Our Capitals
Board of Directors
Shareholders,	
Analysts,	and	
Investors
Government and 
Regulators
Customers
Employees
Community,	
Sustainability 
Partners,	and	
Non-Governmental 
Organisations	
(NGOs)
Media
Suppliers and 
Business Partners
Our Stakeholders
Win in the Core Shape Assets for 
Future Growth
Build New Core Succeed with 
Talents
Our Corporate Strategy
S7/
en3
we are driven by our 
purpose of Advancing 
and Inspiring Society  
through technology and 
innovation, with a strong 
commitment to being an 
inclusive and responsible 
business institution. 
Today,	we	serve	more	than	20	million	customers	across	the	nation,	leveraging	
the	combined	scale,	experience,	and	talents	of	two	homegrown	brands:	Celcom	
and	Digi.	We	are	full-speed	ahead	on	network	integration	and	modernisation	
efforts	to	deliver	the	widest	and	fastest	4G	and	5G-ready	network	in	the	
country.
CelcomDigi	aspires	to	be	a	new	innovation	icon	for	Malaysia,	and	a	company	
that	has	the	scale	and	resources	to	be	the	nation’s	digital	growth	engine,	to	
nurture	local	talents,	to	develop	the	local	digital	ecosystem,	to	bring	the	best	
solutions,	offers,	and	experiences	to	our	customers,	and	to	be	a	brand	that	
customers	can	trust	and	rely	on	in	the	age	of	‘digital-everything’.
We	are	also	well-positioned	to	drive	5G	adoption	and	solutions,	and	to	
leverage	the	power	of	artificial	intelligence	(AI)	to	develop	new	growth	
opportunities	for	Malaysian	businesses,	while	attracting	partnerships	with	
global	technology	companies	to	bring	new	digital	innovation	to	drive	the	
nation’s	economic	growth.
We Are
CelcomDigi


---- Page 4 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
5
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review4
Who We Are
our Corporate Structure
199701009694	(425190-X)
DIGI TeLe COMMunICATIOnS 
SDn BHD
199001009711	(201283-M)
CeLCOM BeRHAD
198801000113	(167469-A)
CeLCOM TRADInG SDn BHD
198301013668	(109061-T)
CeLCOM ReSOuRCeS BeRHAD
196601000446	(6899-X)
CeLCOM PROPeRTIeS SDn BHD
199401027240	(312921-H)
CeLCOM e COMMeRCe SDn BHD
199901011701	(486601-P)
CeLCOM InTeLLIGenCe SDn BHD
198901010306	(187608-A)
CeLCOM ReTAIL SDn BHD
200701000523	(758521-H)
CeLCOM ReTAIL HOLDInG SDn BHD
198801005225	(172582-X)
InFRAnATIOn SDn BHD
200901003326	(846253-D)
y3LLOWLABS SDn BHD
200001032596	(535203-H)
CeLCOM eSCAPe SDn BHD
199201009364	(240867-U)
CeLCOM neTWORkS SDn BHD
199001004254	(195821-V)
CeLCOM MOBILe SDn BHD
197601002188	(27910-A)
Tune TALk SDn BHD
200601001210	(720957-V)
 35%
SACOFA SDn BHD
200101017148	(552905-P)
 15.12%
BRIDGeneT SOL uTIOnS
SDn BHD
200301010645	(613065-U)
51%
InFROnT COnSuLTInG 
GROuP (S) PTe LTD 1
201118676W
69%
CeLCOM TIMuR (SABAH) 
SDn BHD
199501001836	(331030-A)
80%
Legend:
Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries
Non Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries
JV	Companies
We are Celcomdigi
Advancing and Inspiring Society
Our Purpose
T o Be The nation’s T op T elco-T ech Company
As	the	largest	telco	today,	we	are	transforming	ourselves	
beyond	core	connectivity	to	offer	best-in-class	customer	
experiences.	With	our	wide	range	of	product	and	service	
offerings,	we	are	committed	to	leading	in	digitalisation	and	
innovation,	enabling	an	inclusive	and	sustainable	digital	society.
Our Vision
Creating A world Inspired By You
We	are	the	#1	enabler	of	the	digital	lives	of	Malaysian	
consumers,	businesses,	and	society.	Expressed	through	our	
striking	new	logomark,	our	brand	embodies	three	fundamental	
principles	-	dynamism,	passion	for	customers,	and	excellence	
–	key	drivers	in	our	mission	to	find	innovative	ways	to	help	
Malaysians	achieve	everything	they	aspire	to	and	are	inspired	by.
Our Brand Spirit
Customer Obsessed
We aim to provide outstanding customer experience 
for	more	than	20	million	Malaysian	consumers	and	
business customers by gaining deep insights and 
understanding	of	their	needs,	and	delivering	the	most	
relevant	products	and	experiences	for	them.
Performing Relentlessly
We	are	building	a	culture	of	performance	excellence,	
based on a consistent and solid track record of 
delivering	effectively	through	new	ways	of	working	that	
drive	operational	efficiency,	and	a	strong	belief	that	
together,	CDzens	are	greater	than	the	sum	of	our	parts.
Stronger T ogether
We	draw	a	richness	of	perspectives,	experiences,	
and backgrounds from our deep and diverse talent 
pool,	as	well	as	our	ability	to	collaborate	and	mobilise	
as one team to drive our purpose and vision and live 
our	brand.
Responsible and Caring
We	are	deeply	committed	to	being	an	inclusive	
and inspiring company that holds to the highest 
standards	of	integrity	and	business	conduct.	We	act	
responsibly	to	ensure	we	create	positive	impact	for	
the	community	and	for	everyone	we	engage	with.
Our Values
InFROnT COnSuLTInG
GROuP (M) SDn BHD
201001007219	(891840-V)
60%
1	 The	subsidiary 	had	been	placed	under	compulsory	winding-up	after	the	reporting	date

---- Page 5 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
7
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review6
Who We Are
Board of directors’ profilesBoard of directors’ profiles
Date of Appointment: 
19	January	2023
Length of Service:
1	year	2	months	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Prior	to	this,	Tengku	Dato’	Sri	Azmil	Zahruddin	served	as	the	Chief	
Investment	Officer	at	Khazanah	Nasional	Berhad	(Khazanah),	overseeing	
Khazanah’s	investment	portfolio.	His	tenure	at	Khazanah	included	
various	senior	positions,	such	as	Deputy	Managing	Director	and	
Executive	Director	of	Investments	from	2011.	Notably,	Tengku	Azmil	
held	the	positions	of	Managing	Director	and	Chief	Executive	Officer	
of	Malaysia	Airlines,	and	previously	as	Executive	Director	and	Chief	
Financial	Officer.
Prior	to	these	roles,	he	held	leadership	positions	at	Penerbangan	
Malaysia	Berhad	and	gained	international	experience	at	
PricewaterhouseCoopers	in	London	and	Hong	Kong.	Tengku	Azmil	also	
served	as	Chairman	of	the	UEM	Group	and	Themed	Attractions	Resorts	
&	Hotels	Sdn	Bhd,	and	held	directorships	in	Axiata	Group	Berhad,	IHH	
Healthcare	Berhad,	and	the	Malaysian	Global	Innovation	and	Creativity	
Centre	Berhad	(MaGIC).
Other Commitments
He	is	currently	a	non-executive	board	member	of	Sime	Darby	Berhad.	
He	also	sits	on	the	Malaysian	Accounting	Standards	Board.
Skills & experience
Tengku	Azmil	holds	a	degree	in	Economics	from	the	University	of	
Cambridge,	UK.	He	is	a	Chartered	Accountant	and	a	member	of	the	
Malaysian	Institute	of	Accountants	(MIA)	and	a	fellow	of	the	Institute	of	
Chartered	Accountants	in	England	and	Wales	(ICAEW).
T engku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz 
Chair,	Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director
53 meetings attended:
17/17
Date of Appointment: 
11	July	2017
Length of Service:
6	years	8	months	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Mr	Håkon	Bruaset	Kjøl	(Haakon	Bruaset	Kjoel)	is	a	senior	corporate	and	
public	affairs	leader	that	has	held	senior	global	and	regional	leadership	
roles	in	the	telecommunications	sector	across	Europe	and	Asia.	He	has	a	
successful	track	record	in	navigating	complex	and	challenging	business	
environments and is well-versed in the areas of regulatory and public 
affairs,	government	and	public	relations,	corporate	communications,	
sustainability,	Environmental,	Social	and	Governance	(ESG),	and	strategy	
development.	
 
As	Telenor	Asia’s	Head	of	Investment	Management,	he	is	
responsible	for	Telenor’s	activities	in	Bangladesh,	Pakistan,	Malaysia	
(CelcomDigi	Berhad),	and	Thailand	(True	Corporation),	both	leading	
telecommunications	companies	in	their	respective	countries.	
Mr	Kjoel	joined	Telenor	Group	in	1995	and	has	gained	extensive	
international	experience	through	his	involvement	in	Telenor’s	
international	activities	in	Europe	and	for	the	last	24	years	in	Asia.	
Other Commitments
Mr	Kjoel	has	more	than	15	years	of	Board	experience,	and	currently	
serves on the Board of Directors of several Telenor Group companies in 
Singapore,	Grameenphone	Ltd	in	Bangladesh	and	CelcomDigi	Berhad	in	
Malaysia.	
Mr	Kjoel	is	also	a	non-executive	Director	of	the	internationally	renowned	
architect	and	design	firm	Snøhetta	AS	headquartered	in	Oslo,	Norway.	
Skills & experience
Mr	Kjoel	holds	a	Master	of	Business	Administration	degree	from	BI	
Norwegian	Business	School	in	Oslo,	where	he	also	studied	public	
relations.
Haakon Bruaset kjoel
Deputy	Chair,	Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director,
Board	Governance	and	Risk	Management	Committee	Member
52 meetings attended:
18/18
Date of Appointment: 
19	January	2023
Length of Service:
1	year	2	months	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Mr	Vivek	has	demonstrated	leadership	across	diverse	roles,	serving	
as	Joint	Acting	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO)	and	Group	
Chief	Financial	Officer	(CFO)	of	Axiata	Group	Berhad,	Executive	Vice	
President	and	Group	Chief	Marketing	Officer	of	Telenor,	CEO	of	
Grameenphone	Bangladesh,	CEO	of	Telenor	India,	CFO	of	Telenor	India,	
and	Chief	Operating	Officer	and	CFO	of	Tata	AIA	Life	Insurance.	His	
experience	includes	leading	multidisciplinary	and	multi-cultural	teams,	
overseeing	financial	matters,	and	driving	transformation	within	the	
telecommunications	and	insurance	sectors.
He	serves	on	the	boards	of	Axiata’s	listed	and	unlisted	subsidiaries.	
As	Group	CEO,	he	takes	responsibility	to	implement	Axiata’s	portfolio,	
business	strategy,	and	value	creation	model.	His	role	requires	him	
to	develop	Axiata’s	culture,	transform	business,	and	build	trust	
among	stakeholders	and	deliver	expected	returns	to	investors.	In	his	
earlier	roles,	he	has	acted	as	a	change	agent,	steering	a	major	telco’s	
transformation	into	a	digital	services	provider,	and	developing	innovative	
services.	His	global	knowledge	extends	across	Asian	and	European	
markets,	leading	teams	with	diverse	cultures	and	backgrounds.
Other Commitments
Mr Vivek is currently Axiata Group Berhad’s Group CEO and Managing 
Director.	He	also	holds	board	positions	in	various	Axiata	subsidiaries,	
including	Dialog	Axiata	PLC,	Robi	Axiata	Ltd,	PT	XL	Axiata	Tbk,	Axiata	
Digital	&	Analytics	Sdn	Bhd,	Boost	Holdings	Sdn	Bhd,	and	Axiata	
Foundation.
Skills & experience
Mr	Vivek	holds	a	Bachelor	in	Commerce	from	the	University	of	
Delhi,	India	and	became	a	Qualified	Chartered	Accountant	of	India	
in	1989.	He	conducted	his	Accountancy	and	Audit	Training	at	
PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Vivek Sood
Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director,	
Chair	of	Board	Governance	and	Risk	Management	Committee	
60 meetings attended:
17/17
 50
Date of Appointment: 
30	November	2022
Length of Service:
1	year	3	months	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Ms	Skjaervik	has	held	senior	and	top	management	positions	in	the	
public	and	private	sectors	in	Norway.	She	joined	Telenor	Group	in	
2014,	and	has	held	multiple	roles	in	Telenor	Norway	and	in	the	Group,	
such	as	Senior	Vice	President	(SVP),	Head	of	CEO	Office	and	SVP	
Head	of	Group	Strategy	and	External	Relations.	From	December	
2021,	she	was	appointed	Executive	Vice	President	Strategy	and	
External	Relations	and	consequently	a	member	of	the	Group	Executive	
Management.	She	has	been	a	board	member	in	several	of	Telenor	
Group’s unlisted subsidiaries and has board experience from other 
Norwegian	companies	as	well.
Prior	to	joining	Telenor,	Ms	Skjaervik	worked	as	State	Secretary	from	
2005	and	Deputy	Chief	of	Staff	between	2009	and	2013	for	the	Prime	
Minister	of	Norway.	She	has	also	worked	as	a	political	advisor	for	the	
Labour	party	in	the	Norwegian	parliament.
Other Commitments
Ms	Skjaervik	is	an	integral	part	of	the	Telenor	Group	Leadership	
Team,	holding	the	position	of	Executive	Vice	President	-	People,	
Sustainability,	and	External	Relations.
Skills & experience
Ms	Skjaervik	holds	a	Master	of	Political	Science	(Cand.polit.)	from	the	
University	of	Oslo,	Norway.
Rita Skjaervik
Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director
meetings attended:
18/18

---- Page 6 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
9
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review8
Who We Are
Board of directors’ profiles
Date of Appointment: 
1	July	2015
Length of Service:
8	years	8	months	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Ms	Menon	served	as	the	Senior	Independent	Non-Executive	Director	
and	Chair	of	the	Audit	and	Risk	Committee	of	Digi	until	the	completion	
of	the	merger	on	30	November	2022.	She	is	currently	an	Independent	
Non-Executive	Director	under	CelcomDigi	Berhad.
With	over	30	years	of	experience	in	finance	and	general	management,	
Ms	Menon,	a	Chartered	Accountant,	has	held	executive	roles	at	Edaran	
Otomobil	Nasional	(EON)	Berhad	and	Proton	Holdings	Berhad,	including	
serving	as	an	Executive	Non-Independent	board	member	of	EON	Berhad	
from	1990	to	2006.	
In	her	15	years	of	board	experience,	she	served	as	an	Independent	Non-
Executive	Director	and	Audit	Committee	Chair	for	various	companies,	
including	EON	Bank	Berhad,	Jardine	Cycle	&	Carriage	Limited,	PT	Astra	
International	Tbk,	Cycle	&	Carriage	Bintang	Berhad,	Petronas	Chemicals	
Group	Berhad,	Petronas	Dagangan	Berhad,	and	Prince	Court	Medical	
Centre	Sdn	Bhd.
Other Commitments
Ms Menon has been a member of the Board of Trustees of Yayasan 
Tunku	Abdul	Rahman	(YTAR)	since	10	November	2021.
Skills & experience
Ms	Menon	is	a	Fellow	of	the	Institute	of	Chartered	Accountants	
in	England	and	Wales,	and	a	Member	of	the	Malaysian	Institute	of	
Accountants	(MIA).
vimala v .R . Menon
Independent	Non-Executive	Director,	
Board	Audit	Committee	Member,	
Board	Nomination	and	Remuneration	Committee	Member
69 meetings attended:
18/18
Date of Appointment: 
30	November	2022
Length of Service:
1	year	3	months	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Tan	Sri	Abdul	Farid	has	accumulated	over	30	years	of	experience	in	
the	banking	and	financial	services	sector,	with	a	focus	on	investment	
banking,	commercial	banking	and	capital	markets.	He	has	held	various	
roles	in	renowned	institutions	such	as	Aseambankers	Malaysia	Berhad,	
Schroders	Malaysia	(L)	Ltd,	Malaysian	International	Merchant	Bankers	
Berhad	and	JP	Morgan	in	Malaysia/Singapore.	Tan	Sri	Farid	joined	
Malayan	Banking	Berhad	in	2009	progressing	through	senior	roles	and	
ultimately	serving	as	Executive	Director/Group	President	and	Chief	
Executive	Officer	from	August	2013	until	his	retirement	in	April	2022.
Other Commitments
Tan	Sri	Farid	currently	holds	positions	on	the	boards	of	Bursa	Malaysia	
Berhad	and	CapitaLand	Investment	Limited	as	an	Independent	Non-
Executive	Director.	Additionally,	he	serves	as	a	Council	Member	of	Asian	
Institute	of	Chartered	Bankers.	
Skills & experience
Tan	Sri	Farid	holds	a	Master	of	Business	Administration	(Finance)	from	
the	University	of	Denver,	USA	and	a	Bachelor	of	Science	in	Accounting	
from	Pennsylvania	State	University.	He	completed	the	Advanced	
Management Programme at the Harvard Business School and is a Fellow 
Chartered	Banker	with	the	Asian	Institute	of	Chartered	Bankers.
Tan Sri Abdul Farid Alias
Independent	Non-Executive	Director,	
Chair	of	the	Board	Audit	Committee,	
Board	Nomination	and	Remuneration	Committee	Member
56 meetings attended:
18/18
Board of directors’ profiles
Date of Appointment: 
30	November	2022
Length of Service:
1	year	and	3	months	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Dr	Wijayasuriya,	a	Chartered	Engineer,	brings	decades	of	
telecommunications	industry	expertise	across	South	Asia	and	Southeast	
Asia.	He	joined	Dialog	Axiata	PLC’s	founding	management	team	in	1994	
and	served	as	CEO	for	19	years.	His	leadership	roles	at	Axiata	include	
establishing Axiata’s pan-region digital services business as the founding 
CEO	of	Axiata	Digital	Services.	As	current	CEO	of	Telecommunications	
Business	at	Axiata,	he	oversees	operations	in	Malaysia,	Indonesia,	
Cambodia,	Sri	Lanka,	and	Bangladesh,	along	with	the	Group’s	Enterprise	
and	International	Wholesale	Businesses.	In	2016,	Dr	Wijayasuriya	
received	the	‘Outstanding	Contribution	to	the	Asian	Mobile	Industry’	
Award	from	the	GSMA,	and	he	served	as	the	nominee	of	Axiata	on	the	
Board	of	the	GSMA.
Other Commitments
Dr	Wijayasuriya	holds	the	position	of	Group	Executive	Director	and	CEO	
of	Telecommunications	Business	at	Axiata	Group	Berhad.	He	also	sits	on	
the	boards	of	various	Axiata	subsidiaries,	including	Dialog	Axiata	PLC,	
Robi	Axiata	Ltd,	Smart	Axiata	Co	Ltd,	PT	XL	Axiata	Tbk,	and	PT	Link	Net	
Tbk.
Skills & experience
Dr	Wijayasuriya	graduated	from	the	University	of	Cambridge,	UK	
in	1989.	Holding	a	PhD	in	Digital	Mobile	Communications	from	the	
University	of	Bristol,	UK	and	an	MBA	from	the	University	of	Warwick,	
UK.	He	is	a	Chartered	Engineer	and	a	Fellow	of	the	Institute	of	
Engineering	Technology	UK	since	2004.
Dr Shridhir Sariputta Hansa wijayasuriya
Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director
55 meetings attended:
18/18
 46
Date of Appointment: 
15	March	2024	
Length of Service:
Less	than	a	year	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Kasper	Wold	Kaarbø	has	long	experience	as	finance	leader	in	Telenor.	He	
is	currently	the	Head	of	Group	Performance,	Reporting	and	Ownership	
in	Telenor	Group.
Since	joining	Telenor	in	2004,	he	has	held	several	senior	positions	across	
finance	and	strategy	functions	in	the	group,	including	Head	of	Group	
Treasury,	Head	of	Group	Controlling,	Planning	and	Analysis,	Director	in	
Group	Strategy,	and	Regulatory	Affairs	and	Senior	Business	Manager	in	
Group	Finance.	He	started	his	Telenor	career	in	the	finance	department	
of	Telenor	Norway,	business	division.	
Prior	to	Telenor,	he	has	experience	from	PricewaterhouseCoopers	
Consulting	and	the	Royal	Norwegian	Navy.
Other Commitments
Mr	Kaarbø	has	held	various	board	positions	within	Telenor	over	the	past	
ten	years.	He	is	currently	on	the	Board	of	Directors	of	Telenor	Nordic	
Towers	AS	in	Norway.
Skills & experience
Mr	Kaarbø	holds	degrees	in	economics	and	business	administration	from	
London	School	of	Economics	and	Political	Science	and	the	Norwegian	
School	of	Economics	and	is	a	Certified	European	Financial	Analyst	(AFA/
CEFA).	He	also	has	an	Executive	MBA	in	Finance	from	the	Norwegian	
School	of	Economics.	In	addition,	he	has	been	through	Officer	Candidate	
School	in	the	Royal	Norwegian	Navy.
k asper Wold k aarbø
Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director
meetings attended:
N/A

---- Page 7 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
11
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review10
Who We Are
Board of directors’ profiles
notes:
1. Family Relationship with Director and/or major shareholder of the Company
	 None	of 	the	Directors	have	any	family	relationship	with	any	Director	and	major	shareholder	of	the	Company.
2. Conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest with the Company and/or its subsidiaries
	 Tengku	Dato’ 	Sri	Azmil	Zahruddin	Raja	Abdul	Aziz,	Vivek	Sood,	and	Dr	Shridhir	Sariputta	Hansa	Wijayasuriya	are	
nominees	of	Axiata	Group	Berhad,	of	which	Khazanah	Nasional	Berhad	is	the	largest	shareholder 	at	approximately	
37%.	Khazanah	in	turn	is	100%	owned	entity	by	Ministry	of	Finance	Inc,	which	is	also	the	100%	shareholder	of	Digital	
Nasional	Berhad.	
	 Haakon	Bruaset	Kjoel,	Rita	Skjaervik,	and	Kasper 	Wold	Kaarbø	are	nominees	of	Telenor	ASA,	a	major	shareholder	
of	CelcomDigi	by	virtue	of	its	33.1%	equity	interest	held	by	its	indirect	wholly-owned	subsidiary,	Telenor	Malaysia	
Investments	Pte	Ltd	in	CelcomDigi.
	 Datuk	Iain	 John	Lo	is	a	member	of	the	Board	of	Guardians	of	the	Sarawak	Sovereign	Wealth	Future	Fund,	which	in	turn	
is	related	to	State	Financial	Secretary	of	Sarawak.	The	State	Financial	Secretary	of	Sarawak	owns	20.5%	equity	interest	
in	Sacofa	Sdn	Bhd	(Sacofa).	CelcomDigi	owns	15.1%	in	Sacofa.
	 Save	as	disclosed	above,	none	of 	the	other	Directors	have	any	other	conflict	of	interest	with	the	CelcomDigi	Group.
3. Conviction for Offences
	 None	of 	the	Directors	has	any	conviction	for	offences	within	the	past	five	years	other	than	traffic	offences	(if	any)	nor	
public	sanctions	or	penalty	imposed	by	the	relevant	regulatory	bodies	during	the	financial	year.
Board of directors’ profiles
Date of Appointment: 
30	November	2022
Length of Service:
1	year	3	months	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Puan	Khatijah	has	accrued	29	years	of	business	management	and	
organisational	leadership	roles	in	the	Information	Technology	sector	
working	with	various	Multinational	Corporations	in	Malaysia,	Hong	
Kong,	United	States	and	the	Middle	East.	Puan	Khatijah	started	her	
career	with	International	Business	Machines	Corporation	(IBM).	She	was	
later appointed as the Managing Director for Oracle Systems Malaysia 
and	subsequently,	as	the	Managing	Director	of	SAP	Malaysia,	overseeing	
the	Malaysia,	Brunei,	and	Pakistan	markets.	In	2005,	she	became	General	
Manager	at	SAP	AG	in	Dubai,	where	she	managed	the	company’s	
business	across	15	countries	in	the	Middle	East.	She	then	delved	into	
entrepreneurship	starting	her	Real	Estate	Business	in	Dubai	under	the	
Engel	&	Voelkers	Franchise	where	her	business	became	one	of	the	most	
successful	operations	for	Engel	&	Voelkers	worldwide	in	2008.	
Puan	Khatijah	has	prior	board	experience	as	an	Independent	Non-
Executive	Director,	serving	as	Chair	of	the	Board	Risk	and	Compliance	
Committee,	Chair	of	the	Board	IT	Steering	Committee,	member	of	the	
Board	Audit	Committee,	member	of	the	Board	Dispute	Resolution	
Committee	at	Celcom	Berhad	as	well	as	member	of	the	Axiata	Board	
Cyber	Security	Steering	Committee.	She	has	also	served	as	a	Board	
Member	of	MIMOS	Berhad,	an	agency	under	the	Ministry	of	Science,	
Technology	and	Innovation	(MOSTI)	for	seven	years.
Other Commitments
Currently,	Puan	Khatijah	serves	as	a	Director	of	Sanicare	Hygiene	
Services	Sdn	Bhd	and	Prima	Waste	Sdn	Bhd.
Skills & experience
Puan	Khatijah	holds	a	Diploma	in	Computer	Science	from	Universiti	
Teknologi	MARA.
khatijah Shah mohamed
Independent	Non-Executive	Director,
Board	Audit	Committee	Member,
Board	Governance	and	Risk	Management	Committee	Member
68 meetings attended:
18/18
Date of Appointment: 
24	May	2021
Length of Service:
2	years	10	months	(as	at	15	March	2024)
Career History
Datuk	lain	started	his	career	in	1987	as	a	civil	engineer	with	the	
engineering	consultancy	firm,	Konsortium	Malaysia,	based	in	Kuching,	
Sarawak,	Malaysia.	In	1990,	he	joined	Sarawak	Shell	Berhad	as	a	field	
engineer,	and	has	held	various	senior	roles	in	Malaysia	and	Singapore.	
He	served	as	the	Asia	Pacific	Regional	Advisor	to	Shell’s	Executive	
Committee	at	Shell	International	in	The	Hague	from	2004	and	2006.	
Datuk	lain	retired	as	the	Country	Chair	of	Shell	Malaysia	Ltd	in	March	
2021.	Datuk	lain	brings	over	30	years	of	extensive	knowledge	and	
experience	from	his	time	with	Shell,	both	in	Malaysia	and	abroad.
Other Commitments
Currently,	Datuk	lain	is	an	Independent	Non-Executive	Director	of	RHB	
Bank	Berhad	and	RHB	Investment	Bank	Berhad.	He	actively	contributes	
to	the	Board	Nomination	and	Remuneration	Committee,	and	the	Board	
Audit	Committee	at	RHB	Bank	Berhad.	Additionally,	he	chairs	RHB	Bank	
Berhad’s	Board	Sustainability	Committee.	
He also serves on the Board of Guardians of the Sarawak Sovereign 
Wealth	Future	Fund.	
Skills & experience
Datuk lain has a Bachelor and Master of Science in Civil Engineering 
from	the	University	of	California,	Los	Angeles,	USA.
Datuk Iain John Lo
Independent	Non-Executive	Director,	
Chair	of	Board	Nomination	and	Remuneration	Committee,	
Board	Governance	and	Risk	Management	Committee	Member
62 meetings attended:
17/18

---- Page 8 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
13
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review12
Who We Are
Management’s profiles
55  •  male  •  malaysian
1	December	2022
Kesavan was previously the Chief 
Technology	Officer	of	Digi	and	
held	a	similar	portfolio	within	
the Developed Asia Cluster 
under	the	Telenor	Group.	Since	
joining	Digi	in	2013,	he	has	
held	various	senior	positions	in	
the	company,	including	Chief	
Network	Officer	and	Head	of	
Technology	Operations.	Before	
that,	he	was	General	Manager	
of Access Network at Vodafone 
Australia.	Kesavan	has	more	
than	20	years	of	experience	
in	the	telecommunications	
industry across several 
Asian and European markets 
including	Malaysia,	Germany,	
Australia,	Cambodia,	Vietnam,	
and	Bangladesh,	working	with	
network	vendors	like	Lucent	
and	Ericsson,	and	operators	like	
Maxis	and	Vodafone.
Kesavan holds a Bachelor of 
Business	from	Deakin	University,	
Australia and a Master of 
Science in Enterprise Project 
Management from Stevens 
Institute	of	Technology,	New	
York,	USA.
k esavan Sivabalan
Chief	Technology	Officer
52  •  male  •  malaysian
1	December	2022
Datuk Kamal was previously 
the Chief Corporate and 
Transformation	Officer	at	
Celcom,	where	his	duties	
included	overseeing	functions	
such	as	regulatory	affairs,	legal,	
community,	sustainability,	and	
the company’s enterprise project 
management	office.	He	was	
also	the	Lead	of	the	Merger	
Integration	Team	from	July	2021	
to	November	2022.	Prior	to	
joining	Celcom,	Datuk	Kamal	
held	various	leadership	positions,	
including Group Managing 
Director of Media Prima Bhd 
and	Head	of	Communications	
for	the	Prime	Minister’s	Office	of	
Malaysia.	
Datuk Kamal holds a Bachelor of 
Laws	(LLB)	from	the	University	of	
Nottingham,	England.
Datuk kamal khalid
Chief	Transformation	Officer
Management’s profiles
Datuk Idham nawawi
Chief	Executive	Officer
56  •  male  •  malaysian 51  •  male  •  malaysian 65  •  Female  •  m alaysian
Albern murty
Deputy	Chief	Executive	
Officer
Date of Appointment
Career History
Skills & experience
30	November	2022 30	November	2022 1	December	2022
Datuk Idham was previously the 
Chief	Executive	Officer	(CEO)	
and	Executive	Director	of	Celcom	
with	over	30	years	of	experience	
in	the	telecommunications	
and	IT	industry.	Before	joining	
Celcom,	he	was	the	Group	
Chief	Corporate	Officer	of	
Axiata and has held various 
senior	management	positions	in	
companies including Maxis and 
Packet One Networks in Malaysia 
and PT Natrindo Telepon Seluler 
(AXIS)	in	Indonesia.
Albern was previously the 
CEO of Digi and has over 22 
years of experience in the 
telecommunications	industry.	
Since	joining	Digi	in	2002,	he	has	
held roles in Project Planning and 
Controls,	Product	Management	
and	Product	Development,	and	
as Head of Strategy and New 
Business,	Chief	Marketing	Officer	
and	Chief	Operating	Officer.	
Prior	to	that,	his	experience	
includes business and commercial 
management	roles	in	Lucent	
Technologies across the Asian 
region.
Lucy	was	previously	the	Senior	
Adviser,	Merger	Integration	in	
Axiata.	She	has	more	than	30	
years	of	experience	in	accounting	
and	finance	and	has	held	multiple	
senior leadership roles including 
as the Group Chief Financial 
Officer	at	Dialog	Axiata	PLC	and	
Financial Controller at Maxis 
Berhad.
Datuk Idham holds a Master of 
Communications	Management	
from	University	of	Strathclyde,	
Glasgow,	Scotland	and	is	a	
Chevening	scholar.	He	also	
holds a Bachelor of Science in 
Mechanical Engineering from 
University	of	Rochester,	New	
York,	USA.
Albern holds a Bachelor of 
Science	in	Marketing	and	
Advertising	Management	from	
Portland	State	University,	
Oregon,	USA.
Lucy	holds	a	Bachelor	of	Science	
with	a	major	in	Chemistry,	and	a	
Diploma	of	Education	from	the	
University	of	Malaya.	She	is	also	
a	Certified	Public	Accountant,	
Australia.
Tan moi Tsu (Lucy)
Chief	Financial	Officer
55  •  male  •  Swedish
erik Axel Sigurd marell
Chief	Strategy	Officer
1	December	2022
Erik was previously the Chief 
Strategy	Officer	and	Head	
of	CEO	Office	at	Celcom,	
having joined Axiata as the 
Head of Corporate Strategy 
in	2016	before	transitioning	
to	Celcom	subsequently.	Erik	
brings with him more than 
25	years	of	experience	in	
telecommunications	management	
consulting,	professional	services,	
and	systems	integration	that	
spanned	across	Asia	and	Europe.	
The senior leadership roles 
he has held include Regional 
Director of Southeast Asia for the 
British	Telecom’s	Telconsult	and	
Managing Director of Swedtel 
Southeast	Asia	Sdn	Bhd.
Erik holds a Bachelor of Science 
in	Business	Administration	and	
Economics,	majoring	in	Finance	
from	the	University	of	Umea,	
Sweden.
45  •  male  •  malaysian
1	December	2022
Praveen Rajan
Chief Consumer Business 
Officer
Praveen was previously the Chief 
Marketing	Officer	at	Digi.	He	
joined	Digi	in	2007	and	brings	
over	20	years	of	experience	
from the Internet and mobile 
industries.	Praveen	has	held	
a wide range of commercial 
leadership	positions	including	
as	Chief	Digital	Officer	of	Digi	
between	year	2016	to	2020,	
where	he	started	Digi-X,	the	
venture-building unit focused 
on driving growth through 
enterprise	solutions	and	
partnerships.	Prior	to	joining	
Digi,	Praveen	co-founded	a	
social networking startup called 
LifeLogger	in	2003,	where	he	
served as the Chief Technology 
Officer.
Praveen holds a Bachelor of 
Engineering,	Electronics	and	
Computing	from	Nottingham	
Trent	University,	Nottingham,	
England.

---- Page 9 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
15
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review14
Who We Are
Management’s profiles
57  •  male  •  malaysian
1	December	2022
kugan Thirunavakasaru*
Chief	Innovation	Officer	
Kugan was previously the Chief 
Emerging	Business	Officer	
of	Celcom,	with	20	years	of	
extensive experience in the 
telecommunications	industry.	
Prior	to	Celcom,	Kugan	was	
the	Chief	Marketing	Officer	at	
Smartfren	Indonesia	and	a	Board	
member of Sinarmas Digital 
Ventures responsible for the 
overall	commercial	business.	
Kugan started his career with 
Ericsson Sweden and has worked 
in	various	international	markets	
covering Europe and North Africa 
during his tenure with Ericsson 
Sweden before joining Digi and 
Maxis in various leadership 
positions.
Kugan holds a degree in 
Electrical Engineering from 
University	Teknologi	Malaysia	
and	has	completed	executive	
management programmes at 
Columbia Business School and at 
Stanford	in	the	USA.
47  •  male  •  malaysian
1	December	2022
Joachim	has	overall	responsibility	
for the company’s legal and 
governance,	regulatory,	
privacy	and	data	protection,	
government	affairs,	corporate	
communications,	and	business	
sustainability	functions.	He	
was with Digi and Telenor for 
almost	14	years,	previously	
serving as Chief Corporate 
Affairs	Officer,	Head	of	
Corporate	Communications	
in	Telenor	Myanmar,	and	
Head	of	Communications	and	
Sustainability	at	Digi.	Joachim	
has more than two decades 
of experience in corporate 
communications,	sustainability	
planning	and	governance,	public	
affairs,	and	business	environment	
management.
Joachim	holds	a	Bachelor	of	
Laws	(LLB)	from	the	University	
of	London,	England	and	has	
attended	executive	education	
programmes	at	London	Business	
School	and	INSEAD.
Joachim Rajaram
Chief	Corporate	Affairs	
Officer
Date of Appointment
Career History
56  •  male  •  malaysian
1	December	2022
Afizulazha Abdullah
Chief Enterprise Business 
Officer
Afiz	was	previously	the	Chief	
Operations	Officer	(Technology)	
and Chief Enterprise Business 
Officer	of	Celcom.	Afiz	began	
his	career	in	1990	as	an	analyst	
programmer	before	spending	14	
years	at	IBM	Malaysia,	where	he	
became the General Manager 
for Public Sector and was part 
of the Senior Management team 
and	business	council.	He	joined	
Maxis	Bhd	in	2006	as	the	Head	
of Broadband and was made 
Vice President of Maxis Home 
Services	in	2010.	He	then	joined	
Celcom	and	held	multiple	various	
senior leadership roles including 
Chief	Advanced	Data	Officer,	
Chief	Digital	Services	Officer,	
and Chief Business Services and 
Solutions	Officer.	He	was	also	
the Managing Director of On-Site 
Services	Sdn	Bhd,	a	subsidiary	of	
edotco	Malaysia,	Axiata	Group.
Afiz	holds	a	Bachelor	of	Science	
in Computer Science from the 
California	State	University,	
Fresno,	USA.	Afiz	has	also	
attended	executive	education	
programmes	at	INSEAD.	
Skills & experience
Management’s profiles
Cheng Weng Hong
Chief	Sales	&	Retail	Officer
45  •  male  •  malaysian
1	December	2022
Cheng was previously the Chief 
Sales	Officer	of	Digi	and	has	
held	various	senior	positions	
within	the	Marketing	and	Sales	
Division	during	his	18	years	
with	the	company.	Cheng	was	
instrumental in modernising 
Digi’s industry-best sales and 
distribution	network,	over	the	
span of many roles including 
Head	of	Consumer	Sales,	and	
Head of Retail and Controlled 
Channels.	He	has	also	held	
leadership	positions	in	Product	
Development and developing 
Digi’s	MVNO	business.	He	has	
more	than	20	years	of	experience	
in	the	telecommunications	
industry,	having	held	leadership	
roles	at	Trisilco	Folec,	prior	to	
joining	Digi	in	April	2004.
Cheng holds a Bachelor 
of Engineering (Civil and 
Computing)	from	Monash	
University,	Australia.
*CelcomDigi	has	established	an	
Innovation	Centre	(IC)	to	develop,	
partner, and commercialise 
next-generation	digital	solutions	
for	Malaysian	consumers	and	
businesses. The IC is led by Kugan 
as	Chief	Innovation	Officer,	
reporting	directly	to	the	CEO.
64  •  male  •  malaysian
1	December	2022
Azmi	was	previously	the	Chief	
Human	Capital	and	Organisation	
Development	Officer	of	Celcom,	
leading end-to-end human 
capital	management,	including	
workspace management and 
the development of a modern 
corporate	office.	Prior	to	that,	
Azmi	spent	more	than	two	
decades	at	Maxis	Berhad,	holding	
senior	leadership	roles,	including	
Senior Vice President and Head 
of	Human	Resources,	and	Head	
of	Regulatory,	Compliance	and	
Government	Relations.	Azmi	was	
also	a	Dealer’s	Representative	
for	Seagrott	&	Campbell	and	
joined Standard Chartered Bank 
as a Management Trainee and 
subsequently	as	a	National	Officer	
in	banking	operations	and	human	
resources.
Azmi	holds	a	Bachelor	of	Science	
in Finance and a Master of 
Business	Administration	from	the	
Indiana	State	University,	USA.	
He	also	completed	the	London	
Business School’s Management 
Programme and the Harvard 
Business School’s Advanced 
Management	Programme.
Azmi Ujang
Chief Human Resources 
Officer
58  •  Female  •  m alaysian
1	December	2022
Chee Loo Fun
Chief	Home	&	Fibre	Officer
Loo	Fun	was	previously	the	
Chief Consumer Business 
Officer	of	Celcom.	She	has	more	
than	30	years	of	experience	
in	brand,	marketing,	and	
telecommunications.	She	has	
held	multiple	senior	leadership	
roles	in	the	Asia	Pacific,	including	
as	Regional	Chief	Marketing	
Officer	of	SEEK	Asia,	Chief	
Marketing	Officer	at	Vodafone	
Hutchison	Australia,	Head	of	
Consumer	Marketing	at	Globe	
Telecom	in	the	Philippines,	
as well as various leadership 
positions	at	Maxis.
Loo	Fun	holds	a	Bachelor	of	
Arts	(Hons)	from	Universiti	
Kebangsaan	Malaysia.	She	also	
completed the Finance for 
Executives	programme	with	
INSEAD in Singapore and the 
Customised	Executive	Education	
with	IBM/Harvard.

---- Page 10 ----
Connectivity
for all
enriching precious moments with 
anyone, anywhere, anytime on 
malaysia’s widest and fastest network

---- Page 11 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
19
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review18
Who We Are
Chair of the Board’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
ReALISInG THe FuLL  POTenTIAL  FROM  
One OF  SOuTHeAST  ASIA ’S TeLCO  
megA-meRgeRS
Over	a	year	ago,	we	established	CelcomDigi	
aspiring to be the most trusted partner to 
consumers,	businesses,	and	the	government	
in our endeavour to power Malaysia’s 
digitalisation	journey.	As	one	of	the	nation’s	
largest	corporates,	expectations	were	high	
for the company to deliver on our purpose 
and	fulfil	our	duty	to	uphold	the	highest	
standards	in	customer	experience,	corporate	
governance,	sustainability,	and	healthy	
shareholder	returns.	
The Board has been pleased with 
CelcomDigi’s	response	in	fulfilling	these	
duties.	
In	the	year,	we	sharpened	our	strategy	
to	maximise	value	for	our	respective	
stakeholders,	made	the	right	investments	
in	people	and	platforms	to	deliver	on	our	
integration	and	synergy	commitments,	and	
mitigated	risks	related	to	evolving	industry	
conditions	and	customers’	expectations.	
These	efforts	led	us	to	deliver	a	solid	first	
year	of	financial,	operational	and	integration	
performance.
 
One	year	post-merger,	we	continue	to	
affirm	CelcomDigi’s	position	as	a	leading	
Malaysian	telecommunications	institution,	
well-positioned	to	drive	the	country’s	
digital	ambitions.	We	made	progress	in	
enabling	new	growth	opportunities	for	
large	enterprises	and	SMEs,	providing	
world-class	connectivity	and	experience	to	
customers,	and	stimulating	innovations	in	
5G	and	Artificial	Intelligence	(AI)	through	
global	technology	partnerships.	Today,	we	
remain	focused	in	our	ambition	to	drive	
the	digitalisation	growth	for	Malaysia’s	
economic	advantage.
As	we	serve	the	needs	of	20.6	million	
Malaysians,	it	gives	me	great	pleasure	
to	share	that	we	have	met	our	first-year	
objectives	outlined	at	the	inception	of	the	
merger.	In	the	first	full	year	of	operations	as	
a	single	company,	the	Management	and	all	
CDzens	have	successfully	delivered	on	our	
goal	to	be	a	trusted	digital	and	innovation	
accelerator	for	Malaysia,	maintained	strong	
Ym T engku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz
Chair	of	the	Board,	Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director
customer	segments	with	Home	&	Fibre	
and	Enterprise	Business,	served	customers	
of both brands across all retail and 
service	channels,	and	invested	RM1.75	
billion in capital expenditure in line with 
our commitment to deliver Malaysia’s 
future	digital	network.	We	also	focused	
on	uplifting	capabilities	of	MSMEs	and	
enterprises through workshops on emerging 
technologies	such	as	5G	and	AI	to	accelerate	
the	digitalisation	of	more	Malaysian	
businesses.	These	efforts	have	contributed	
to	increased	customer	confidence	in	
CelcomDigi	and	our	network,	well	reflected	
in	our	customer	satisfaction	(CSAT)	scores	
which	improved	3.9	percentage	points	in	
2023.	
HeALTHy SHAReHOLDeR ReTuRnS A 
COnTInueD PRIORITy
Our solid balance sheet highlights our 
financial	capability	and	flexibility	to	continue	
funding	our	investments	and	operational	
obligations.	For	FY2023,	the	Board	
Chair of the Board’s Statement
declared	a	net	dividend	of	13.2	sen	per	
share,	returning	a	total	payout	of	RM1,549	
million	to	our	shareholders,	exceeding	the	
minimum	80%	dividend	payout	ratio.	As	a	
result	of	successfully	achieving	our	first-
year	integration	milestones,	we	realised	
gross	synergies	of	over	RM300	million	in	
2023.	We	aim	to	continue	meeting	our	
remuneration	policies	and	synergy	savings,	
and	generating	strong	and	sustainable	
returns	to	shareholders	for	the	long-term.
Our	determination	to	deliver	on	these	
policies and solid performance has been 
acknowledged	by	corporate	Malaysia.	In	
2023,	The	Edge	Billion	Ringgit	Club	Awards	
recognised CelcomDigi for having the 
highest return on equity over three years 
in	the	Super	Big	Cap	Companies	group,	
entering	the	category	for	the	first	time	this	
year.	
SeTTInG neW  BenCHMARkS TO  
DeLIveR On OuR PuRPOSe In A 
SuSTAInABLe AnD ReSPOnSIBLe  
MAnneR  
The Board remains focused in maintaining 
our responsible business leadership and 
raising	ESG	standards	in	Malaysia.	In	2023,	
we	established	our	ESG	strategy,	setting	
clear	pathways	to	build	trust,	inclusion	and	
create	shared	value	for	all	stakeholders.	
The strategy ensures we deliver impact by 
enabling	inclusive	and	safe	digital	access,	
maintaining	a	sustainable	value	chain,	
implementing	a	good	governance	and	
performance	culture,	and	managing	our	
environmental	impact.	In	2023,	we	signed	
up	to	two	leadership	platforms	as	part	of	our	
commitment	to	secure	a	sustainable	future.	
The	first	was	the	United	Nations	Global	
Compact	initiative,	a	global	movement	of	
forward-thinking companies resolved to 
act based on the Sustainable Development 
Goals	(SDGs).	Secondly,	we	signed	a	
commitment	to	the	SBTi	Net-Zero	Standard	
to	set	a	robust	emissions	reduction	target,	
adding	emphasis	to	our	climate	focus.	
In	the	year,	we	contributed	meaningfully	to	
advancing	society,	leveraging	connectivity	
as a key enabler to build thriving 
communities	for	the	longer-term.	We	were	
active	in	making	the	internet	safer	for	all,	
most	notably	with	our	joint	efforts	in	the	
Jelajah	Anti-Scam	Kebangsaan	programme	
to increase public awareness and protect 
Malaysians	against	sophisticated	scam	
tactics.	We	drove	higher	adoption	of	digital	
skills among school and university students 
to	nurture	the	next-generation	of	top-tier	
tech professionals to drive our future digital 
economy.	During	the	flood	season,	we	also	
took	proactive	measures	to	strengthen	
network resilience and maintain service 
availability,	alongside	extending	aid	relief	
and	rescue	efforts	to	flood	victims	during	
these	challenging	times.	A	full	disclosure	of	
our	responsible	initiatives	is	in	Section	4:	
Performance	Review	on	pages	56	to	91.
On	this	note,	I	would	like	to	express	my	
gratitude	to	our	community	partners	and	
stakeholders for their unwavering support 
in	these	endeavours.	Through	collaboration	
and	innovation,	I	believe	we	can	address	
some of society’s most complex challenges 
to	enable	a	more	equitable	future	for	all.	
Our	solid	reputation	for	responsible	
business	practices	saw	us	rank	in	the	top	
10	constituents	on	the	FTSE4Good	Bursa	
Malaysia	Index,	with	a	4-star	rating	on	the	
FTSE4Good	Bursa	Malaysia	Shariah	Index,	
an	‘A’	rating	in	the	MSCI	ESG	Ratings,	and	a	
low-to-medium	risk	rating	in	Sustainalytics’	
ESG	Risk	Rating.	Additionally,	we	also	
attained	the	gold	honour	at	The	Edge	
Malaysia’s	ESG	Awards.	We	believe	our	
aim to deliver on our goals sustainably will 
make	us	an	exceptional	organisation	for	
employment,	business	partnerships,	and	
investment.	
PRACTICInG HIGHeST  STAnDARDS OF  
GOOD CORPORATe GO veRnAnCe 
As	we	pursue	our	future	plans,	the	
Board recognises that we must uphold 
our	commitment	to	practice	the	highest	
governance,	ethics,	and	integrity	standards.	
This	is	extremely	important	during	a	time	
of	widespread	digitalisation,	where	trust	
and	transparency	are	crucial	to	operating	
a	robust	business	and	creating	long-term	
value	for	all.	We	have	an	unwavering	
commitment to compliance and integrity 
across	the	organisation	when	capitalising	on	
opportunities	or	addressing	challenges	faced	
in	the	market.	Our	governance	approach	is	
benchmarked and reviewed regularly against 
the	latest	in	industry	best	practices.	Pages	
94	to	122	of	Section	5	provides	further	
disclosure	on	these	procedures.
MO vInG FORWARD WITH  
COnFIDenCe AS MALA y SIA ’S LARGeST  
TeLe COMMunICATIOnS OPeRATOR
With	a	solid	first	year	behind	us,	we	have	
renewed	belief	that	our	purpose,	strategy,	
and	execution	abilities	position	us	well	
under	existing	competitive	conditions.	
The	Board	and	I	are	confident	we	have	
the	right	blend	of	skills,	experience,	and	
backgrounds to oversee this business 
and support the management team in 
implementing	our	strategy.	I	would	like	to	
take this opportunity to thank my esteemed 
colleagues	on	the	Board,	and	former	
Board	members	and	Deputy	Chairs	Jørgen	
Rostrup	and	Petter-Boerre	Furberg	for	their	
invaluable	contributions	this	past	year.	
On	behalf	of	the	Board,	I	also	wish	to	extend	
my	appreciation	to	our	customers,	the	
government,	regulators,	and	shareholders	
for your trust in CelcomDigi and our vision 
to be a strong ally to realise a truly digital 
Malaysia.	We	also	express	our	deepest	
thanks	to	the	Management	and	all	CDzens,	
for	your	tenacity	and	continued	dedication	
towards driving the companies’ strong 
performance	and	solid	integration	progress	
in	2023.
We	remain	optimistic	about	the	future	of	
CelcomDigi.	The	company	has	the	right	
priorities,	capable	leadership	and	people,	
and	good	integration	momentum	to	achieve	
the	vision	we	have	set	for	ourselves,	for	the	
benefit	of	all	our	stakeholders.
We look forward to engaging with our 
shareholders on our future business 
plans at our 27th Annual General 
Meeting	(AGM),	which	will	be	held	
virtually	on	27	May	2024.	Please	see	
the	details	outlined	in	our	Notice	of	
AGM	on	pages	252	to	260.
operational	performance,	and	returned	
value to shareholders despite tough 
external	challenges.	All	this	gives	the	Board	
confidence	that	the	company’s	steady	pace	
of	operations	has	set	us	on	the	right	course	
to	realise	the	full	benefits	of	the	merger	and	
fulfil	our	purpose	of	Advancing	and	Inspiring	
Society.
enABLInG THe DIGITAL  LIveS OF  
O veR 20 MILLIOn MALA y SIAnS AnD  
BuSIneSSeS
We	are	proud	that	we	continued	serving	
our	customers	well	in	our	first	year	of	
operations.	It	was	always	the	ambition	for	
our	customers	to	feel	the	maximum	benefit	
of	the	merger,	with	minimal	impact.	Our	
combined resources enabled us to deliver 
improved	experiences	and	innovation	for	
our	customers,	be	they	individual	consumers	
or	families,	SMEs,	or	large	enterprises.	
We introduced a wider range of postpaid 
and	prepaid	offerings,	reached	new	

---- Page 12 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
21
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review20
Who We Are
Chief executive officer’s review
Datuk Idham nawawi
Chief	Executive	Officer
Dear Shareholders,
DeLIveRInG A SOLID FIRST yeAR 
OF FInAnCIAL, OPeRATIOnAL, AnD 
InTe GRATIOn PeRFORMAnCe
2023	was	our	first	full	year	of	operations	
as	CelcomDigi,	a	fully	merged	company.	
We are pleased to report that we 
delivered a strong performance with 
solid	progress	on	integration,	against	
the backdrop of intense market and 
macroeconomic	pressures.	We	closed	
the year in a stronger leadership 
position	with	positive	growth	across	
all	business	areas.	We	also	launched	
a	new	and	exciting	CelcomDigi	brand	
which earmarked a new journey for us to 
become	an	institution	that	inspires	the	
digital	lives	of	all	Malaysians	we	serve.	
I strongly believe that our focus on 
people and culture was central in 
enabling many of the successes of 
our	first	year	as	a	new	company.	I	
am extremely pleased in the way our 
employees	-	fondly	known	as	CDzens	
–	have	come	together,	uniting	under	
a	common	new	DNA,	and	are	single-
mindedly pushing forward to ensure our 
customers	are	the	biggest	beneficiaries	
of	this	merger.	Our	CDzens	are	our	
greatest	strength,	and	their	passion	and	
commitment	to	our	purpose	fills	me	with	
confidence	and	inspiration	every	day.
I am proud of all we have accomplished 
together	as	team	CelcomDigi.	By	any	
objective	measure	we	have	surpassed	
stakeholder	and	market	expectations	on	
performance	and	integration	-	outpacing 	
similar mergers of this magnitude 
in	the	first	year	of	operations.	We	
remain	determined	in	our	aspiration	
for	CelcomDigi	to	be	the	innovation	
icon	for	the	nation,	leveraging	our	
scale,	resources,	and	experience	to	be 	
Malaysia’s	digital	growth	engine,	and 	
remaining a caring and responsible 
corporate	citizen.	There	is	more	to	do,	
and	I	have	full	confidence	in	our 	ability	
to	deliver.
goal.	The	senior	management	team	was	
identified	and	appointed	on	day	one,	
and we completed the appointment of 
middle management and put in place 
a	new	organisation	structure	within	
the	company’s	first	100	days.	This	
was	followed	by	the	harmonisation	of	
benefits,	salaries,	job	levels,	and	roles 	
for	all	employees.
In	March,	we	enabled	all	Celcom	
Bluecubes	and	Digi	Stores	nationwide 	
and exclusive partners’ touchpoints 
to be able to serve both Celcom and 
Digi customers seamlessly with a 
range	of	sales	and	service	functions.	
In	July,	we	announced	that	all	our	50	
Celcom Bluecubes and 27 Digi Stores 
nationwide	will	be	opened	365	days	a	
year	to	serve	the	needs	of	all	customers.	
To	improve	their	network	experience,	
Celcom	and	Digi	customers	nationwide 	
Chief executive officer’s review
enjoyed an improved coverage 
experience	from	close	to	400	MOCN	
(Multiple	Operator	Core	Network)	sites	
activated.		
Sustained market leadership with 
growth across all segments and a 
stronger subscriber base
It has been a busy year for us in the 
market.	We	launched	over	50	product	
campaigns,	leveraging	the	strength	of 	
our	4G	network	and	5G	connectivity 	to	
provide the best experience with a new 
portfolio	of	5G	products	and	solutions	
for	all	consumer	and	business	segments.	
As	a	result,	we	added	close	to	500,000	
new	subscribers	to	our	network,	
growing our total subscriber base to 
20.6	million.	
Our enterprise business delivered 
7%	growth	in	solutions	revenue,	
contributing	to	a	positive	performance 	
overall	in	the	B2B	segment.	We	also	
made	solid	progress	in	our	Home	&	
Fibre	business	with	the	fastest	relative	
growth	in	the	market,	ending	the	 year	
with	more	than	100,000	subscribers	in 	
our	base.	
Fully delivered FY2023 guidance, 
synergy target on track
In	2023,	we	were	able	to	grow	both	our	
revenue	and	profitability.	We	recorded	
the highest ever Total Revenue of 
RM12.7	billion	at	a	1.4%	growth	in	
FY2023,	while	maintaining	a	healthy	
EBITDA	margin	of	48.5%.	Our	Profit	
After	Tax	(PAT)	stood	at	RM1.6	billion,	
impacted by the short-term non-cash 
related	adjustment	from	the	merger.	
We also realised synergy savings 
of	over	RM300	million,	achieved	
through	focused	market	execution	and 	
disciplined	cost	management.	
I am pleased to report that we delivered 
according to our guidance in all aspects 
and that we were able to pay total 
dividends	of	13.2	sen	per	share	for	
the	year,	in	line	with	our	dividend	
commitment	to	shareholders.	
Strong performance in 2023, delivering to shareholders
2023 Guidance
Maintaining growth momentum 0.4% 1Service Revenue Growth
Flat to low single digit increase 3.3% 1eBITDA Growth
Around	15%	to	18%	 RM1.7 billion / 13.8% 2Capex Intensity
2023 Achievement
T otal Subscribers
20,552k
446k YoY
Fy2023 Dividend
13.2 sen
T otal Revenue
RM12.7 billion
1.4% 1  yoy
PAT
RM1.6 billion
n ormalised 3: Rm2.2 billion
3.2% y oy
Delivered 2023 Financial Guidance
1	 Comparable	basis	results	 which	includes	contribution	from	Celcom’s	results	as	if 	the	merger	was	completed	on	1	January	2022	and	after	
excluding	merger	transaction	costs	and	accounting	alignment	adjustments
2	 Achieved	 through	effective	procurement	strategy	undertaken	at	the	beginning	of	the	merger
3	 Normalised	PAT 	to	exclude	the	accelerated	depreciation	which	commenced	in	4Q2022	with	the	revision	in	assets	useful	life	and	sites 	
rationalisation
Watch	the	CEO	Reflections	video	on	FY2023	
on CelcomDigi’s website https://celcomdigi.
listedcompany.com/financials.html.	
Read	more	about	our	performance	in	Section	4:	
Financial	Capital	on	pages	56	to	60.
SUSTAInIng mARkeT LeADeRSHIP, 
ReAPInG THe BeneFITS OF 
COnSOLIDATIOn
2023	was	a	well-executed	year	for	us	
with full delivery of our strategy and 
guidance.	We	delivered	on	integration	
and	synergy	targets,	with	a	deepened	
focus on managing the impact of our 
business to our ecosystem and the 
environment.	
One team, one direction, stronger 
together
In	2023,	we	made	significant	progress	in	
integrating	the	organisation	through	a 	
variety of people-oriented and customer 
experience	initiatives.	At	the	heart	
of	this	was	internalising	our	purpose,	
strategy,	ambitions,	and	core	values,	
and	setting	clear	expectations	which	
helped	rally	CDzens	towards	a	common	

---- Page 13 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
23
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review22
Who We Are
Chief executive officer’s review Chief executive officer’s review
Solid first-year of integration, meeting all Year 1 milestones
2023: Integration Progress Highlights
Completed organisional 
integration for business 
continuity
Harmonised channels with 
integrated sales teams
e mbracing new CelcomDigi
culture
Launched new iconic 
CelcomDigi brand
>50 product campaigns 
including unified 5g offerings
Celcom bluecubes & Digi 
Stores open 365 days a year
~5,000 sites integrated 
ahead of schedule
efficient cost management  
& improved free cash flow
Realised gross synergy  of 
RM366 million
DeLIveRInG SuPeRIOR 
CuSTOMeR eXPeRIenCe AnD 
InSTITuTIOnALISInG OPeRATIOnAL 
eXCeLLenCe
Building malaysia’s future digital 
network for better network experience
We commenced a massive network 
integration	and	modernisation	project,	
to build Malaysia’s most advanced and 
widest	digital	network	with	the	latest	4G	
LTE	and	5G-ready	technologies.	Upon	
completion	in	2025,	the	new	18,000-
site	network	will	offer	our	customers	an	
elevated quality of experience reaching 
98%	of	populated	areas.	In	2023,	we	
completed	35%	of	our	modernisation	
targets,	integrating	over	5,600	sites	
across	the	country.	
Serving customers across the largest 
network of physical and digital 
touchpoints 
We	are	operating	one	of	the	largest	retail	
networks in the country with more than 
12,000	outlets,	of	which	over	400	are	
our	own	branded	stores.	All	customer	
segments can experience our services 
and	receive	support	across	all	our	stores,	
including purchasing the latest mobile 
and	smart	home	devices.	Our	customers	
are also being served digitally on two 
popular	Digital	apps,	the	Celcom	Life	and	
myDigi	app,	with	8.9	million	active	users	
daily.	Our	ambition	is	to	develop	the	
most used AI-enabled digital app in the 
country where customers can perform all 
their	transactions	with	CelcomDigi.
Adopting the most effective and 
efficient operating models to support 
our customers
We	are	reviewing	our	current	operating	
models and will make changes to how 
we	operate	in	our	technology,	go-to-
market,	and	support	functions.	While	
these new models will give us a strategic 
competitive	advantage	and	ability	to	
serve	our	customers	better,	we	will	
also	continue	to	prioritise	maximising	
operational	cost	efficiencies	in	our	
decisions.	
InnO v ATInG TO DeLIveR v AL ue  
Bey OnD CORe
Innovation	is	core	to	our	strategy,	
and relevant across every area of our 
business.	We	believe	that	with	our	scale,	
CelcomDigi	is	well-positioned	to	become	
a strong partner to global technology 
leaders and to develop a thriving local 
digital	ecosystem.	
e mpowering a new era of enterprise 
transformation through 5g, AI and more
In	bringing	5G	solutions	to	enterprises,	
we	continued	to	work	with	various	
companies to develop technology 
solutions	and	use-cases	across	multiple	
industries,	with	a	special	focus	on	small	
and	medium	enterprises	(SMEs).	
We	were	also	active	in	advocating	the	
transformative	benefits	of	5G	through	
a	wide	range	of	programmes.	This	
includes	the	MY5G	CEO	Roundtable	
series,	which	gathered	top	leaders	from	
diverse industries and global partners 
Read	more	about	our	Sustainability	Strategy	Framework	in	Section	3	on	page	42.
Our eSg Strategy
Sharpened focus on material matters to improve sustainability performance
eSG
Pillars
1 2 3 4
Inclusive and Safe
Digital Access
Sustainable
v alue Chain
Governance and 
Performance Culture
e nvironmental 
Impact and Action
Strong digital 
empowerment 
agenda for equitable 
socio-economic 
participation
Raising standards 
across our value 
chain through 
capacity building and 
monitoring
Leading	in	
responsible business 
practices	guided	
by the values of a 
progressive,	agile,	
and high-performing 
company
Decarbonising our 
operations	and	
enabling	a	‘Just	
Transition’	approach	
in	our	value	chain,	
with a clear pathway 
towards achieving 
Net	Zero
to share insights on fast-tracking 
industrial	transformation.	We	also	held	
the	MY5G	SME	Digital	workshops	to	
engage Malaysian businesses on driving 
adoption	of	5G	applications	and	reaping	
the	benefits	of	digitalisation.
Partnerships with global technology 
giants to explore new frontiers
We	are	operating	in	a	rapidly	evolving	
sector that will witness the biggest 
transformations	in	the	coming	years	
with	artificial	intelligence	(AI),	virtual	
reality	(VR),	and	augmented	reality	(AR)	
powering	a	range	of	new	applications	
for	consumers	and	businesses.	We	
are also beginning to see AI feature 
more	prominently	in	many	captivating	
technologies	–	from	futuristic	gadgets	
that bridge the gap between human 
and	machine	interaction,	to	powerful	
business tools that leverage intelligent 
automation.	These	offer	a	glimpse	into	
AI’s	exciting	future	and	are	changing	
the way our services are being built and 
consumed.	We	will	continue	to	invest	
in	the	infrastructure,	partnerships,	and	
competencies needed to support this 
demand.	In	the	year,	we	established	a	
number	of	collaborative	partnerships	
with global technology companies from 
Asia,	Europe,	and	the	United	States	
to ensure we keep abreast of these 
developments	and	position	ourselves	to	
take full advantage of these technologies 
to	deliver	innovation	for	customers,	stay	
ahead	of	competition,	and	drive	the	
nation’s	digital	aspirations.	
FOCuS On eSG TO BuILD A BRAnD 
MALA y SIAnS CAn TR uST AnD ReL y  
O n 
As	an	organisation	that	reaches	two	
thirds	of	the	Malaysian	population,	it	is	
our	responsibility	to	ensure	we	prioritise	
the security and safety of customers on 
our	network.	In	2023,	we	established	
many	initiatives	that	institutionalised	
high	standards	of	privacy,	governance,	
and	cybersecurity	practices	into	every	
product,	process,	and	system	we	
manage.	We	also	collaborated	on	a	
nationwide	war	against	scam	to	protect	
customers	from	fraud	tactics.	
We are rooted on governing and 
conducting	our	business	responsibly.	We	
have received strong acknowledgement 
on various ESG and Sustainability indices 
this	past	year,	demonstrating	that	we	
are	on	the	right	track	in	this	area.	We	
have put in place a comprehensive 
ESG strategy to ensure we focus on 
maturing	our	efforts	and	collective	
action	in	addressing	all	short-	and	long-
term sustainability issues related to our 
sector.	We	believe	that	our	ambitions	
to	be	a	leader	in	ESG	best	practices	
and commitment to build a responsible 
business will make us a brand that 
Malaysians can trust and rely on for their 
digital	needs.	

---- Page 14 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
25
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review24
Who We Are
three-Year Financial Summary
2021 1 20222 20233
key  FInAnCIAL ReSuLTS (in RM million)
Revenue 6,336 6,773 12,682
Telecommunications	revenue
- Service revenue 5,341 5,770 10,859
- Others 95 97  108 
- Sales of devices 900 	906	  1,715 
Earnings	before	interest,	taxes,	depreciation	and	amortisation	(EBITDA)4 3,009 3,013 6,155
Earnings	before	interest	and	taxes	(EBIT) 1,729 1,578 2,689
Interest cost 210 	257	  632 
Profit	before	taxes 1,515 1,330 2,181
Profit	after	taxes 1,162 848 1,567
Organic	capital	expenditure	(Capex) 803  888 1,812
Operations	(ops)	cash-flow 2,606 2,559 5,083
key  FInAnCIAL POSITIOnS (in RM million)
Total assets 7,840 38,012 36,427
Non-current	liabilities 4,275 12,850 12,546
Total debts 4,960 14,887 12,997
-	Conventional	borrowing 333 	814	  610 
- Islamic borrowing 2,168 8,060 7,028
- Bankers' acceptances - 3 5
- Finance lease 2,459 6,010 5,354
Shareholders’ equity 633 	16,399	  16,459 
key  FInAnCIAL RATIOS
Return on equity 184% 5% 10%
Return on total assets 15% 2% 4%
EBITDA margin 47% 44% 49%
Net	debt/EBITDA	(x) 1.6 4.5 2.0
Interest	cover	(x)	 8.2 6.1 4.3
SHARe InFORMATIOn
Earnings	per	share	(sen)	 14.9 10.4 13.2
Dividend	per	share	(sen) 14.9 12.2 13.2
Net	assets	per	share	(sen) 8.1 201.9 140.3
Dividend yield 3.4% 3.1% 3.2% 5
Notes:
1	 Consolidated	financial	results	of	Digi	Group	of	entities	
2	 Restated	full	year	consolidated	financial	results	of	Digi	Group	of	entities	as	well	as	December	2022	Celcom	Group	of	entities’	results	subsequent	to	the	
completion	of	Celcom-Digi	merger	on	30	November	2022
3	 Consolidated	financial	results	of	CelcomDigi	Group
4	 EBITDA	excludes	the	gain	or	loss	on:
-	 disposal	and	write-off	of	property,	plant	and	equipment
-	 disposal	and	write-off	of	intangible	assets
-	 termination	of	lease
5	 Closing	share	price	of	RM4.08	as	at	31	December	2023
On	behalf	of	the	Management	team,	
I	would	like	to	say	thank	you	to	
all our customers for your trust 
and	support	as	we	continue	this	
ambitious	merger	and	network	
modernisation	journey.	Putting	
you	first	in	all	we	do	inspires	us	to	
keep	looking	forward	and	open	to	
opportunities	to	do	better	for	you.	
My	appreciation	to	all	our	partners	
and	shareholders	for	your	continued	
confidence	and	investment	in	
CelcomDigi.	We	are	also	thankful	to	
the	Ministry	and	the	MCMC	for	their	
collaboration	and	engagement	in	
ensuring	digital	Malaysia	is	a	shared	
and	inclusive	reality	for	all	segments	
of society. 
I	would	also	like	to	thank	the	Board	
of	Directors	of	CelcomDigi	Berhad,	
for	their	guidance	and	in	working	
closely	with	management	to	deliver	
on our goals and commitments in 
2023.
Last	but	not	least,	I	thank	all	
CDzens,	who	have	shown	true	grit	
and	determination	in	executing	our	
strategy	and	integration	priorities	
to	deliver	a	solid	first-year.	They	
have	truly	embodied	the	‘stronger	
together’	spirit	and	proven	what	
I	believe	is	core	to	our	DNA.	It	
has	been	a	true	privilege	for	me	
personally and the management 
team	to	bring	two	amazing	teams	
together	in	our	first	year	post-merger,	
and	we	look	forward	with	enthusiasm	
to	team	CelcomDigi	winning	in	the	
era	of	‘digital-everything’.
Chief executive officer’s review
LOOkInG AHeAD WITH THe  
OPPORTunITy  AnD ReSPOnSIBILITy  
TO AD v AnCe AnD InSPIRe
I	am	optimistic	that	2024	will	be	an	
exciting	year	for	CelcomDigi	as	we	
build	on	our	execution	momentum,	
create	new	operating	models	grounded	
in	operational	excellence,	and	deepen	
our	obsession	on	customer	experience.	
We	will	continue	building	capacity	
and	solutions	leveraging	the	power	
of emerging technologies as we move 
forward to deliver on our purpose of 
Advancing	and	Inspiring	Society,	in	
support	of	Malaysia’s	broader	ambition	
to be a thriving technology hub and 
digital	nation.	
CelcomDigi’s 2024 guidance
•	 Low	single	digit	increase	in	
service revenue
•	 EBIT	level	similar	to	2023
•	 Capex	intensity	of	between	15%	
to	18%
Read more about our 
Value	Creation	Model	and	
Strategy	in	Section	3	on	
pages	28	to	29	and	51	to	53.
SHAPInG uP FOR FuTuRe GROWTH
We are building CelcomDigi to be 
a	progressive,	forward	leaning,	and	
customer-centric	organisation	that	
believes	in	developing	talent	and	creating	
a work environment built on a culture 
of	innovation.	This	strong	foundation	
combined with leveraging our widest 
network	footprint,	extensive	distribution	
channels	and	partner	ecosystem,	wide	
range	of	innovative	digital	products	
and	services,	and	superior	customer	
experience will enable us to become the 
nation’s	top	telco-tech	company.
Moving	forward	in	our	journey,	
achieving	growth	and	profitability	amid	a	
challenging market environment remains 
a	top	priority,	and	our	strategy	to	win	is	
straightforward,	outlined	by	three	key	
priorities	for	2024:	
• Focus on growth 
 We are strengthening core and new 
growth areas through delivering 
superior customer experience with 
5G	and	converged	services.	We	will	
drive new revenue growth in adjacent 
Enterprise	connectivity	and	Digital	
ICT	services	and	become	a	significant	
player	in	the	Home	&	Fibre	segment.	
We	will	selectively	invest	in	new	
technologies	and	digital	platforms	
to build a sustainable strategic 
competitive	advantage	and	new	
revenue	opportunities.	
• Deliver synergies and scale efficiency
	 We	are	accelerating	integration	
activities	and	institutionalising	
operational	excellence	to	realise	RM8	
billion	synergies	in	net	present	value.	
This will enable us to further invest in 
service quality and overall brand and 
customer	experience	via	digitalisation	
and	innovation.
• Consistent shareholder returns
	 We	are	committed	to	our	promise	
of strengthening the resilience of 
shareholder returns with sustainable 
dividends	to	all	shareholders,	backed	
by a strong balance sheet and 
synergies.

---- Page 15 ----
digitalising
businesses
Big or small, we are determined to help you 
grow your business to its fullest potential 
with a wide-range of digital solutions

---- Page 16 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
29
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review28
Who We Are
Value Creation Model
APPROACH TO v AL ue CReATIOn
Our approach to delivering on our 
purpose of Advancing and Inspiring 
Society is an integral part of our strategy 
to enable an inclusive and sustainable 
digital	society.	We	create	value	by	
maximising	the	positive	impact	of	
our	operations	on	all	stakeholders.	
Strengthened by our responsible 
business	practices,	we	continue	to	
shape a future that transforms the way 
our customers live and work through 
our	innovation,	technology,	connectivity,	
platforms,	products,	and	services.
Our Inputs
Our business model is built upon the 
strategic	utilisation	of	our	financial	
and	non-financial	capitals	in	a	
comprehensive approach to value 
creation.	We	strive	to	constantly	
transform our capitals and resources 
into	sustainable	and	innovative	solutions	
to provide growth and total returns with 
added value and sustainability for all 
stakeholders.
Our Business Model and Guiding 
Factors
Five strategic pillars drive us to achieve 
our	corporate	ambitions.	The	pillars	are	
influenced	by	these	Guiding	Factors:
1.	 Operating	Landscape	and	Outlook
2.	 Key	Risks
3.	 Sustainability	Management
4.	 Key	Relationships
5.	 Materiality
Output and Outcomes
Our	business	model	employs	financial,	
manufactured,	intellectual,	human,	
natural,	and	social	and	relationship	
capitals to convert these inputs into 
valuable	outputs	for	customers,	
employees,	shareholders,	and	the	
environment.	The	output	and	outcomes	
from	the	execution	of	our	business	
strategies are also aligned to our 
material	matters.
OuR key InPuT OuR BuSIneSS MODeL
Advancing 
& Inspiring
Society
GuIDInG F ACTORS
Operating Landscape 
and Outlook
key Risks
Sustainability 
Management
key Relationships
materiality
STRATe GIC PILLARS
Accelerate Integration, 
Synergies, and 
Operational excellence
Win in the Core
Build n ew Core
Shape Assets for 
Future Growth
Succeed with Talents
•	RM47.9	billion	market	capitalisation	
as	at	31	December	2023
•	RM36.4	billion	total	asset	value	as	at	
31	December	2023
Financial
Capital
•	5,665	integrated	network	sites	
•	~28,000	cumulative	network	sites
•	29,800km	fibre	network 
(incl.	Celcom	Timur	Sabah)
•	>400	CelcomDigi	retail	stores
Manufactured 
Capital
•	RM1.75	billion	invested	in	technology	capex
•	Up	to	RM250	million	investment	in	
Innovation	company	over	five	years
•	Introduced	the	CelcomDigi	brand
Intellectual 
Capital
•	3,655	employees
•	Male	(52%)	and	female	(48%)	employees
•	OneCompliance Integrity programme
•	Launched	three	e-learning	platforms
•	Concluded	post-merger	organisation	structure
Human
Capital
•	Implemented	various	social	impact	
programmes	(digital	inclusion,	digital	
entrepreneurship,	and	digital	skills)	
and	humanitarian	efforts
•	307	National	Information	
Dissemination	Centres	(NaDi)	
nationwide
•	23	modules	curated	for	supplier	
training
Social and Relationship
Capital
•	Committed	to	Net	Zero,	aligned	to	SBTi
•	Established	Climate	Working	Committee	
(CWC)
•	Robust	climate	data	monitoring
•	Partnerships	to	stimulate	green	growth
n atural
Capital
Value Creation Model
OuR key  OuTPuT
PeRFORMAnCe MATeRIALITy unSDG s
Financial Capital
•	3.3%1 growth in EBITDA
•	13.2	sen	dividend	to	shareholders
•	RM12.7	billion	in	revenue
G1 e C2 S1
Intellectual Capital
•	466,000	or	2.3%	increase	in	subscriber	base
•	Grew	home	&	fibre	subscriber	base	to	131,000
•	Over	50	product	campaigns,	including	unified	5G	offerings
•	6.6%	growth	in	CelcomDigi	logomark	awareness
•	85%	completion	in	Privacy	Control	Framework	exercise
•	Converged	5G	mobile	and	fibre	offering	to	Malaysian	Business
•	Strategic	offers	to	drive	digital	adoption	among	MSMEs
•	MY5G	Series	engaged	>60	corporate	CEOs	and	600	MSMEs
•	Innovative	5G	and	AI	partnerships	in	agriculture,	logistics,	and	electrification
•	Advanced	education	via	Metaverse,	XR,	and	5G	with	multiple	universities
G1
e C1
G2
S1
G3
S5
Manufactured Capital
•	Maintained	>99%	network	uptime
•	Achieved	35%	of	overall	network	integration	target
•	Increased	data	traffic	of	10%	to	17%
•	97%	4G	LTE	and	91%	4G	LTE-A	population	coverage
•	96.7%	population	coverage
•	+3.9pp	customer	satisfaction	score	(CSAT)
•	Received	12	Opensignal	awards	in	11	categories
G4
S5
e C1
S6
e C2
Human Capital
•	Top	100	and	next	300	leaders’	placement	across	the	company
•	>3,000	professionals
•	65,404	hours	of	total	employee	learning
•	100%	employees	pass-rate	in	Anti-corruption,	Cybersecurity,	and	HSE	e-learning
•	0.14	Lost	Time	Injury	Frequency	(LTIF)	rate
•	Zero	fatalities	across	operations
G3
S3
S1
S4
S2
n atural Capital
•	913.86	GWh	energy	consumed
•	521,792.25	tCO2 e emissions
•	3.42	GWh	renewable	energy	generated
•	47.56	tonnes	of	e-waste	recycled
G1 en1 en2
Social and Relationship Capital
•	Zero	material	corruption	cases
•	585,268	individuals	benefited	from	digital	safety	and	empowerment	programmes
•	23,478	hours	of	supplier	training
•	2,487	suppliers	signed	Agreement	of	Responsible	Business	Conduct	(ABC)
G1 G3
S4 S5
e C1
e C2
S6 S7/
en3
1	 Comparable	basis	results	 which	includes	contribution	from	Celcom’s	results	as	if 	the	merger	was	completed	on	1	January	2022	and	after	excluding	
merger	transaction	costs	and	accounting	alignment	adjustments

---- Page 17 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
31
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review30
Who We Are
The	significance	of	telecommunications	operators	has	never	been	more	pronounced.	In	the	age	of	‘digital-everything’,	connectivity	
impacts	almost	every	aspect	of	our	lives,	resulting	in	an	ever-increasing	demand	for	data	and	digital	services.	Growing	consumer	
demand	for	data-rich	services	and	connected	devices,	in	tandem	with	the	emergence	of	new	technologies	such	as	5G,	robotics,	
and	Artificial	Intelligence	(AI)	opens	new	business	opportunities	for	CelcomDigi.	
We	continue	to	observe	longer-term	systemic	shifts	that	will	influence	future	economic	growth,	including	climate	change	
trajectory,	acceleration	of	frontier	technologies,	widening	social	inequalities	due	to	population	demographic	growth,	and	the	shift	
in	the	concentration	of	geopolitical	power.	
As	a	connectivity	and	digitalisation	enabler,	we	are	committed	to	working	alongside	the	government,	civil	society,	businesses,	
partners,	and	customers	to	address	these	challenges	in	order	to	strengthen	and	advance	Malaysia	as	a	digital	nation.
Macroeconomic1
Impact on Business and Industry
•	 Malaysia	recorded	a	gross	domestic	product	(GDP)	growth	of	3.7%	amid	slower	global	trade,	global	tech	downcycle,	geopolitical	
tensions,	and	tighter	monetary	policies
•	 There	was	an	increase	in	household	spending	and	retail	activities	including	higher	demand	for	e-commerce	services	and	reliable	
connectivity
•	 Supportive	government	initiatives	and	policies	were	launched	to	ease	rising	cost	of	living	among	marginalised	communities
•	 Cross-border	economic	activity	is	set	to	improve	as	visa	requirements	for	Chinese	and	Indian	nationals	are	removed,	
reciprocating	similar	policy	changes	for	entry	visa	in	multiple	Asia-Pacific	countries
Our Response
•	 Delivered	affordable	postpaid	and	prepaid	bundles	with	extra	data	quota,	5G	offerings,	and	device	bundles	to	enhance	ARPU/
ARPA	growth	and	offset	higher	costs
•	 Provided	attractive	home	&	fibre	and	convergence	offerings	and	business	enterprise	solutions	to	support	various	business	
segment needs to enable growth of the local digital ecosystem
•	 Maintained	#1	network	leadership	position	based	on	consistency	score	and	average	download	speeds,	demonstrating	our	
strong commitment to providing high network quality to our subscribers
•	 Collaborated	with	the	Government	in	digitalising	the	nation	by	launching	accessible	and	affordable	Rahmah	packages	for	the	
B40	segment
2024 Outlook 
•	 Economic	growth	is	projected	at	4%	to	5%	and	will	spur	positive	domestic	consumption
•	 Stable	political	landscape	continues	to	attract	foreign	direct	investment	(FDI),	resulting	in	job	opportunities	and	business	
opportunities	for	enterprises
•	 Support	for	targeted	subsidies	to	reduce	cost	of	living	by	providing	affordable	connectivity	options	for	B40	and	underserved	
communities
Risks: 
•	 Regulatory	Risk
•	 Integration	Risk
Factors Linked
Capitals Involved: materiality:
e C1 e C2
Strategic Pillars:
operating landscape and outlook
Competition and Industry Developments2
Impact on Business and Industry
•	 Growing	focus	on	new	technological	advancements	including	AI,	Metaverse,	and	Industrial	Revolution	4.0	(IR4.0)	to	generate	
new growth streams
•	 Aggressive	market	competition	continues	in	core	and	emerging	segments
•	 Increase	of	5G	standalone	(SA)	trials	to	unlock	innovative	5G	use-cases	alongside	rising	demand	for	commercial	5G	services,	
greater	data	usage,	and	5G-enabled	devices
Our Response
•	 Invested	in	new	partnerships	to	develop	Metaverse	and	AI	use-cases	customised	for	the	Malaysian	market	via	our	Innovation	
Centre
•	 Built	an	end-to-end	content	and	digital	services	ecosystem	around	our	core	telco	business	to	offer	‘on-the-go’	digital	services	
•	 Network	integration	and	modernisation	to	support	greater	data	traffic	and	improve	quality	of	experience
•	 Launched	MY5G	Series	to	drive	5G	adoption	across	businesses	of	all	sizes
•	 Demonstrated	real	value	and	benefits	of	5G	technology	and	AI	through	collaboration	with	industry	leaders,	such	as	DHL	Supply	
Chain	in	launching	Malaysia’s	first	5G-powered	AI	autonomous	warehouse
2024 Outlook 
•	 Anticipated	increase	in	data	consumption	due	to	faster	speeds	of	100	Mbps	and	above,	along	with	adoption	of	5G	services	and	
use-cases among enterprises
•	 Rising	5G	product	differentiation	amid	the	leveling	of	5G	advantages	among	Mobile	Network	Operators	(MNOs)
•	 Focus	on	providing	best	smart	home	and	fibre	experience	and	drive	industry	development	and	adoption	of	5G	among	large	and	
small enterprises
operating landscape and outlook
government Initiatives and Regulations3
Impact on Business and Industry
•	 In	December	2023,	the	Digital	Ministry	was	formed	to	lead	the	country’s	digital	transformation	ranging	from	AI	to	data	centres.	
Digital	Nasional	Berhad	(DNB),	the	single	wholesale	provider	for	5G	was	placed	under	this	ministry
•	 The	Government	announced	that	the	country’s	5G	deployment	will	transition	from	a	Single	Wholesale	Network	(SWN)	to	a	
Dual	Network	Model.	The	transition	to	commence	upon	DNB	achieving	80%	5G	population	coverage		
•	 In	February	2023,	MCMC	introduced	a	new	lower	wholesale	high-speed	broadband	services	pricing	via	Mandatory	Standard	on	
Access	Pricing	(MSAP)	
•	 Collaboration	with	the	Ministry	of	Human	Resource	and	Ministry	of	Higher	Education	on	Technical	and	Vocational	Education	
Training	(TVET)	initiatives	was	conducted	under	the	purview	of	Majlis	TVET	Negara
Risks: 
•	 5G	Policy	and	Competition	Risk
•	 Integration	Risk
•	 Regulatory	Risk
Factors Linked
Capitals Involved: materiality:
e C1 e C2 S1 S5
Strategic Pillars:

---- Page 18 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
33
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review32
Who We Are
operating landscape and outlook
T echnological Developments4
Impact on Business and Industry
•	 Continued	rollout	of	5G	coverage	to	support	advanced	applications	such	as	IoT	and	AI,	encouraging	future	growth	in	these	
verticals
•	 Integration	of	schools	and	university	campuses	into	the	5G	ecosystem	with	early	development	in	educating	students	on	5G	
technology,	and	developing	innovation	clusters	in	campuses
•	 Digitalising	SMEs	and	co-developing	solutions	with	large	corporations	and	partners
•	 Rising	vigilance	and	regulations	regarding	cybersecurity	and	data	protection	across	the	industry,	creating	a	more	mature 	
operating	environment
•	 Malicious	cyberattacks	are	increasingly	targeting	networks,	due	to	rapid	network	development	and	the	industry’s	growing 	
reliance	on	connectivity	and	the	internet
Our Response
•	 Effective	bundling	strategies	to	drive	digital	adoption	across	all	segments	of	society
•	 Conducted	AI	use-cases	with	local	and	global	technology	partners	as	part	of	our	transformation	to	be	a	data-driven,	analytics-
focused,	and	AI-enabled	organisation
•	 Strengthened	defence	against	cyberattacks	through	continuous	monitoring	and	managing	information	security 	in	accordance	
with	ISO27001	standards
•	 Promoted	digital	resilience	through	our	digital	safety	and	empowerment	programmes	
Our Response
•	 Maintain	ongoing	engagement	with	regulators	and	authorities	to	support	government	initiatives	as	part	of 	5G	development
•	 Adopted	the	new	MSAP,	leveraging	the	reduction	in	wholesale	prices	that	would	lead	to	better	choices	and	options	of	retail	
pricing for end users
	•	Supported	the	government	in	delivering	 JENDELA	commitments	and	reaching	out	to	underserved	communities	through	NaDi 	
internet	centres	(formerly	known	as	PEDi)
•	 Took	lead	in	the	Pakej	5G	Rahmah	B40	subscription	in	support	of	the	government	initiatives	to	improve	accessibility,	
affordability,	and	digitalisation	nationwide
2024 Outlook 
•	 The	allocation	of	over	RM2.84	billion	under	Budget	2024	bolstered	the	initiatives	by	the	Communications	and	Digital	Ministry	
(KKD)	in	enhancing	digital	connectivity,	supporting	the	digital	economy,	strengthening	cybersecurity,	promoting	national 	
information	marketing,	and	developing	local	talent	and	creative	projects
•	 The	draft	cybersecurity	bill	would	be	tabled	in	Parliament	by	early	2024,	aiming	to	grant	the	National	Cyber	Security	Agency	
(NACSA)	clear	legal	authority	to	regulate	and	enforce	laws	related	to	cybersecurity,	thus	enhancing	the	effectiveness	of 	its	
functions
•	 The	new	Mandatory	Standard	Quality	of	Service	(MSQoS)	for	Wireless	Broadband	Access	Service	(Commission	Determination	
No.	2	of	2023)	will	become	effective	on	1	April	2024
•	 Malaysia	advances	industry	engagement	with	TVET	expansion	to	revamp	curricula	to	include	learning	related	to	emerging 	
technologies	such	as	Internet	of	Things	(IoT),	AI,	big	data,	cybersecurity,	cloud	computing,	and	more	to	meet	future	market	and 	
workforce demands
operating landscape and outlook
2024 Outlook 
•	 The	development	and	adoption	of	various	technological	services,	such	as	AI,	Cloud,	Virtual	Reality,	Metaverse,	and	many	more,	
by	organisations	and	businesses
•	 Industry	verticals	such	as	tourism,	healthcare,	logistics,	security,	and	many 	more	stand	to	benefit	from	5G	technology	and	
services
•	 MyDIGITAL	and	5G	implementation	will	accelerate	Malaysia’s	progress	as	a	technologically	advanced	nation	and	accelerate	
socioeconomic	transformation	with	new	tech-related	job	opportunities
•	 Continuous	engagements	with	the	government	and	industry	to	encourage	customers	and	businesses	to	adopt	5G,	 AI,	
automation,	and	IoT	
Social5
Impact on Business and Industry
•	 Evolved	local	laws	and	public	policies	governing	personal	data,	cybersecurity,	and	AI	heightened	the	need	for	enhanced	
controls,	transparency,	and	protection	of	customers’	data	privacy
•	 Significant	increase	in	online	scam	and	fraud	cases	with	over	3.1	million	scam	calls	detected	in	a	year	according	to	the	Royal	
Malaysian Police
•	 Increased	pressure	on	companies	to	demonstrate	good	corporate	governance	and	build	trust
•	 Prioritising	the	health	and	safety	of	employees	and	partners,	and	respecting	human	rights	standards
•	 Increased	interest	in	workplaces	that	promote	growth	and	development	opportunities
Our Response
•	 Refreshed	ESG	Strategy	with	focused	pillars	and	updated	performance	scorecard	aligned	to	material	sustainability 	matters
•	 Established	the	Trust	Circle	forum	comprising	privacy	and	data	protection	experts	from	multi-sectors	to	evolve	their 	roles	as	
data guardians
•	 Collaborated	and	co-organised	the	national	anti-scam	roadshow	to	raise	awareness	among	the	general	public
•	 Continued	to	uphold	good	governance	via	our	Code	of	Conduct
2024 Outlook 
•	 Maturing	responsible	business	practices	by	advancing	material	ESG	performances	and	disclosure
•	 Conducting	double	materiality	assessment	to	evaluate	business’	financial,	societal	and	environmental	impact
•	 Enhancing	our	engagements	with	stakeholders	and	underserved	communities	to	drive	adoption	of 	affordable	digital	products	
and services
•	 Implementing	capacity-building	programmes	to	enhance	data	privacy,	digital	safety,	anti-scam	awareness,	digital	skills,	and 	
promote	greater	socio-economic	participation
Risks: 
•	 5G	Policy	and	Competition	Risk
•	 Cyber	and	Data	Security	Risk
•	 Data	Protection	Risk
•	 Regulatory	Risk
Factors Linked
Capitals Involved: materiality: Strategic Pillars:
G1
e C2 S5
G2 G3
Risks: 
•	 	Cyber	and	Data	Security	Risk
•	 	Interruption	to	Technology	Platforms	and	
Services Risk
Factors Linked
Strategic Pillars:Capitals Involved: materiality:
S5
G2 G3
S6
e C1 e C2

---- Page 19 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
35
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review34
Who We Are
operating landscape and outlook
e nvironment6
Impact on Business and Industry
•	 Regulation,	access	to	capital,	and	rising	stakeholder	concerns	driving	focus	and	investments	on	climate	action
•	 Global	attention	to	climate-related	risks	supported	by	national	instruments	such	as	the	National	Energy	Transition	Roadmap	
(NETR),	National	Industrial	Master	Plan	(NIMP)	2030,	National	Energy	Policy	2022-2040,	and	an	upcoming	National	Climate	
Change Act
•	 National	agenda	to	achieve	carbon	neutrality	by	2050	under	the	12th	Malaysia	Plan	
•	 Heightened	expectations	for	robust	natural	crisis	preparedness,	adaptation,	and	mitigation	strategies
•	 Rapid	growth	in	Electric	Vehicle	(EV)	market	fuelled	by	government	incentives	to	boost	EV	ownership
•	 Adaptive	strategies	for	a	‘Just	Transition’	model	to	reduce	systemic	risks	while	greening	the	economy	in	an	equitable	way	
Our Response
•	 Strengthened	our	climate	governance	through	the	Climate	Working	Committee	(CWC),	which	plans	strategic	climate	and	
environmental	action	for	recommendation	to	the	Board
•	 Committed	to	achieving	Carbon	Neutral	by	2030	and	Net	Zero	by	2050,	in	alignment	with	the	Science	Based	Target	Initiative	
(SBTi)
•	 Embarked	on	our	transition	towards	using	renewable	energy	under	the	Green	Energy	Tariff	(GET)	programme	
•	 Embedded	stringent	e-waste	disposal	requirements	as	part	of	the	ongoing	network	integration	and	modernisation	exercise
•	 Partnered	with	Yinson	to	drive	EV	adoption,	mature	EV	infrastructure	and	ecosystems,	and	integrate	renewable	energy
2024 Outlook 
•	 Formulation	of	CelcomDigi	Net	Zero	roadmap	and	emissions	reduction	strategies
•	 Control	and	management	of	value	chain	emissions	(upstream	and	downstream)	through	a	phased	approach
•	 Realisation	of	energy	efficiencies	and	savings	from	the	network	integration	and	modernisation	exercise,	 which	will	be	
completed	in	2025
Risks: 
•	 Climate	and	Environmental	Risk
Factors Linked
materiality:
en1 en2
Strategic Pillars:Capitals Involved:
Key risks
In the fast-paced and fiercely competitive telecommunications sector, CelcomDigi acknowledges 
the necessity of embracing risks to confront evolving technological, economic, and social dynamics. 
Through our robust risk management framework, we safeguard our ability to generate sustainable value 
consistently, nurture trust with stakeholders, and reinforce their confidence in our capacity to innovate 
and deliver in line with our purpose of Advancing and Inspiring Society. 
Our Aligned Risk management Framework with Strategy and Value Creation
Our	risk	management	approaches	integrate	our	strategy,	governance,	compliance,	and	performance	processes	to	foresee	emerging 	
risks	and	put	in	place	specific	measures	to	prevent	and	alleviate	them.	Risk	is	overseen	by 	the	Board	Governance	and	Risk	
Management	Committee	(BGRMC)	and	the	Board	of	Directors	to	proactively	assess	potential	significant	risks	and	minimise	the 	
associated	adverse	impacts.	Our	proactive	approach	towards	risk	management	empowers	CelcomDigi	to	capitalise	and	prioritise 	
resources	for	mitigation,	providing	our	stakeholders	with	reasonable	confidence	that	responses	are	taken	to	create	 value.	Further	
details of our Enterprise Risk Management Framework are available in the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control on 
pages	112	to	119	of	this	report.
The key Risks of 2023
Top	key	risks	identified	are	prioritised	and	managed	within	acceptable	levels,	following	thorough	assessments	of 	their	impact	to	
our	value	chain.	Risk	responses	and	mitigation	plans	are	reported	to	the	BGRMC	and	the	Board	on	a	quarterly 	basis	to	allow	for	
the	highest	level	of	accountability.
5g Policy and Competition Risk
mitigations
•	 Proactive	engagement	with	the	government,	regulator,	
and	key	stakeholders	to	secure	5G	policy	directions	and	
operating	models	that	promote	long-term	development	and 	
health of the sector
•	 Develop	differentiated	and	competitive	5G	propositions	
including	solutions	for	B2B	digitalisation
Description
As	5G	policy	is	being	redefined	to	support	the	nation’s	
digitalisation	ambition,	the	underlying	uncertainty	and	potential	
shifts	constitute	risk	exposure	for	industry	players.	
Impact to Value Creation
•	 May	increase	competitive	intensity	or	lead	to	price	erosion	
for	mobile	offerings
•	 Margin	impact	due	to	shift	from	own	4G	to	wholesale	5G	
network
Strategic Pillars Capitals Impacted materiality Linked
G1 S1G3 e C1 e C2
Risks: 
•	 Cyber	and	Data	Security	Risk
•	 Data	Protection	Risk
•	 Governance	and	Compliance	Risk
•	 People	and	Culture	Integration	Risk
Factors Linked
Strategic Pillars:Capitals Involved: materiality:
S6
G2
S4 S5
G3 S1 S2

---- Page 20 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
37
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review36
Who We Are
Key risks
Cyber and Data Security Risk
mitigations
•	 Continuous	security	incident	handling,	threat	intelligence	
controls	for	detection	and	monitoring
•	 Continuous	security	monitoring	and	governance	via	ISO	
27001	and	independent	audit,	testing,	and	assessment
•	 Maintain	continuous	cybersecurity	awareness	and	
requirements at CelcomDigi
•	 Cybersecurity	due	diligence	review	on	partners	within	
CelcomDigi’s ecosystem
•	 Partnership	with	Cybersecurity	Malaysia	and	Royal	
Malaysian	Police	(PDRM)	to	raise	scam	awareness
•	 Preparedness	training	for	key	management	and	related	
functions
Description
This	is	a	big	concern	for	the	global	cybersecurity	landscape,	
with	increased	and	sophisticated	threat	attempts	as	 well	as	
increasing	scam	cases.	Though	penetration	rate	on	security	
controls	is	low,	continuous	focus	and	scrutiny	are	required	to	
improve	cybersecurity	for	CelcomDigi.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 Business	disruption	and	financial	losses	arising	from	
potential	data	breaches
•	 Negative	reputational	impact	from	media	coverage	and	loss	
of stakeholder trust
•	 Potential	legal	consequences	and	compliance	violations	
Strategic Pillars Capitals Impacted materiality Linked
G1 e C1G4G2 S1G3 S6
Climate and environmental Risk
•	 Infrastructure	damage,	negative	impact	on	service	delivery	
to	customers	and	operations	from	disruptions
•	 Negative	impact	to	company	finances	
•	 Loss	of	investor	confidence	and	ESG	ranking	in	key	indices
mitigations
•	 Develop	carbon	emission	reduction	strategy	and	conduct	
climate	risk	assessment	to	guide	network	integration 	
strategies	and	SBTi	target	setting
•	 Implement	initiatives	on	e-waste	management	as	part	of	
network	consolidation	programme
•	 Set	up	a	carbon	accounting	system	in	adherence	to	Bursa’s	
requirements for full Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures	(TCFD)-aligned	disclosures	and	transparent	
reporting
Description
Climate management is an important global issue that requires 
businesses to adapt and respond with strategies to achieve a 
net-zero	carbon	economy.
Delaying	or	limiting	decarbonisation	efforts	hinders	our	ability	
to	transition	to	a	low	carbon	economy.	Transitioning	within	the	
necessary	timeframe	will	require	the	use	of	technologies	that	
enable	rapid	emission	reductions.
There is also climate exposure associated with extreme 
weather,	temperature	increase,	and	flooding	which	may	
also	result	in	operational	disruptions	to	CelcomDigi,	and	our 	
customers	and	value	chain.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 Adverse	brand	and	reputational	impact
•	 Increased	cost	of	energy	and	carbon	emissions	and	changing	
consumer preferences
Strategic Pillars materiality LinkedCapitals Impacted
G1 en1e C2 en2S1
Key risks
Data Protection Risk
mitigations
•	 Organisational	wide	programmes	and	training	to	enhance	
employees’ awareness and knowledge in data privacy and 
protection
•	 Regular	scrutiny	and	data	protection	impact	assessment	by	
dedicated privacy and security teams to improve current 
controls,	systems,	and	infrastructure
•	 Operationalise	Privacy	Control	Framework	with	defined	
control requirements and procedures throughout data life 
cycle management
•	 Strengthen	customers’	data	protection	measures	through	
cybersecurity	testing
Description
CelcomDigi’s role as the custodian of customer data has 
become	paramount	amid	rising	concerns	of	data	theft,	
leakage,	and	loss.	This	entails	proactive	measures	to	safeguard	
customers’	data	and	compliance	with	various	security,	
privacy,	and	data	quality	requirements,	including	preventing	
unauthorised	access	to	sensitive	information,	data	breaches,	or 	
mishandling	of	personal	data.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 May	lead	to	non-compliance	and	adherence	to	Personal 	
Data	Protection	Act	(PDPA)	impacting	CelcomDigi’s	
reputation,	and	potential	and	associated	legal	consequences
•	 Adverse	reputational	impact	and	customers’	distrust
•	 Breach	of	local	telecommunications	license	conditions
Strategic Pillars Capitals Impacted materiality Linked
G1 e C1G2 S1 S6G3 G4
governance and Compliance Risk
•	 Adverse	reputational	impact	and	customers’	distrust
•	 Breach	of	local	telecommunications	license	conditions	
mitigations
•	 Build	capacity	and	awareness	through	compulsory	learning	
programmes 
•	 Implement	a	holistic	governance	approach	with	due	
diligence and compliance measures for our business partners
•	 Dedicated	resources	for	ongoing	compliance	monitoring	
across our business value chain 
•	 Enforce	compulsory	employee	participation	in	anti-
corruption	and	compliance	learning	programmes
Description
CelcomDigi	has	zero	tolerance	for	any	acts	of	corruption.	
Corruption	undermines	legitimate	business	activities	and 	
distorts	competition,	exposing	both	CelcomDigi	and	its	leaders 	
to	significant	risks.	
We	are	committed	to	maintaining	our	business	integrity	
promise	to	operate	responsibly.	The	inability	to	comply	with	
regulations	and	high	business	standards	within	our	value	chain	
may	impede	our	competitive	advantage	and	reputation.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 May	lead	to	non-compliance	and	adherence	to	the	
Malaysian	Anti-Corruption	Commission	(Amendment)	
Act	2018	and	PDPA	which	can	jeopardise	the	company’s	
reputation	and	lead	to	legal	consequences
Strategic Pillars Capitals Impacted materiality Linked
G1 e C2G2 S1G3 e C1 S7/
en3

---- Page 21 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
39
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review38
Who We Are
Key risks
Health and Safety Risk
mitigations
•	 Promote	an	advanced	mindset	and	culture	on	health	and	
safety for employees and business partners
•	 Implement	continuous	training	and	awareness	programmes	
for internal and external stakeholders
•	 Actively	monitor	potential	incidents	and	accidents	by	
increasing	on-ground	inspections	and	audits,	including 	
visibility at Board and Management levels
•	 Obtain	certification	to	maintain	a	safe	working	environment	
and compliance to applicable rules and requirements
•	 Implement	consequence	management	to	eliminate	or	
contain incidents
Description
CelcomDigi	prioritises	the	health	and	safety	of	our	employees,	
partners,	and	vendors	as	part	of	our	commitment	to	being	
a	responsible	business.	To	minimise	risk,	we	continue	to	
ensure employee well-being and safety at the workplace and 
operational	sites.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 Adverse	reputational	impact
•	 Destruction	or	loss	of	assets
•	 Unsafe	working	conditions	leading	to	serious	injury	or	fatality
Strategic Pillars Capitals Impacted materiality Linked
G3 S3e C1 S4S1 S2
Integration Risk 
mitigations
•	 Careful	planning,	effective	communication,	and	proactive	
management	throughout	integration	process
•	 Robust	integration	strategies	with	the	aim	of	prioritising	
customer experience
•	 Close	monitoring	of	key	performance	indicators,	including	
thorough follow-up at Board and Management levels
Description
The	company	has	embarked	on	an	integration	journey	and	
faces	the	potential	risk	of	not	achieving	objectives	across	
areas	such	as	Network,	IT,	Business,	Customers,	and	Support 	
functions.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 Negative	customer	experience,	high	churn,	and	brand	
perception	impact
•	 Potential	network	service	disruption
•	 Delay	in	realisation	of	synergy	value
Strategic Pillars Capitals Impacted materiality Linked
G2 G3 G4 e C2 S1 S6e C1
Key risks
People and Culture Integration Risk
mitigations
•	 Constant	communication	and	updates	on	people	matters	
and associated plans
•	 Close	monitoring	of	on-ground	concerns	and	sentiments	
•	 Cultural	integration	efforts	and	employee	engagement	
initiatives	across	all	central	and	regional	offices	to	create	a 	
positive	and	inclusive	working	environment
•	 Leadership	alignment	on	change	management	
Description
The company is exposed to people and culture risks associated 
with	organisation-wide	harmonisation	and	integration	of 	
workforce,	cultures,	and	operations	-	typical	in	any	post-merger	
scenarios.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 Low	morale	and	motivation	leading	to	low	productivity
•	 Unable	to	and/or	delay	in	delivering	business	targets
•	 Potential	increase	in	talent	attrition	rate
Strategic Pillars Capitals Impacted materiality Linked
S1 S2G3 S3e C1 S4
Interruption to T echnology Platforms and Services Risk
mitigations
•	 Augment	resources	and	specialists	to	improve	scaling	
capability	and	operational	efficiency	
•	 Proactively	overcome	hurdles	to	address	any	potential	
migration	issues	and	changes	in	customer	experiences
•	 Prepare	clear	and	comprehensive	contingency	plans	to	
manage unexpected incidents of system failures
•	 Proactively	engage	with	partners	and	vendors	to	ensure	
commitment
•	 Maintain	constant	communications	with	customers	and	key	
stakeholders
Description
This	risk	involves	potential	disruptions	to	business	applications,	
support	systems,	and	processes,	which	are	essential	for	
CelcomDigi’s	operations.	Such	disruptions	could	arise	due 	
to	various	factors	such	as	migration	delays,	technical	issues, 	
system	failures,	or	cyberattacks.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 Affect	the	ability	to	deliver	seamless	services	to	customers,	
potentially	leading	to	revenue	loss	
•	 Create	customer	dissatisfaction	and	impacts	brand	
reputation	
•	 Likely	penalties	for	not	meeting	Quality	of	Service	(QoS)	
requirements
Strategic Pillars Capitals Impacted materiality Linked
e C1G4 e C2 S1
S7/
en3
S7/
en3

---- Page 22 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
41
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review40
Who We Are
Key risks
Vendor management and Supply Chain Risk
mitigations
•	 Develop	supplier	relationship	management	framework
•	 Optimise	procurement	processes,	negotiating	favourable	
contracts,	and	minimising	supply	chain	risk
•	 Employ	technology	solutions	such	as	supply	chain	
management	systems	and	analytics	tools
•	 Integrate	sustainability	considerations	into	all	aspects	of	
supply	chain	management,	from	procurement	and	sourcing	
to	supplier	relationships	and	performance	evaluation
Description
Managing vendors and the supply chain for a large 
telecommunications	company	is	a	multifaceted	and	intricate	
endeavour	due	to	its	diverse	supplier	base,	complexity	of	
network	infrastructure,	rapid	technological	concerns,	as	 well	
as	data	privacy	and	environmental	impact.	The	effectiveness	
of managing these risks is dependent on the reliability and 
performance	of	vendors	and	partners.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 Adverse	impact	on	service	revenue
•	 Service	or	operations	disruptions	leading	to	negative	
customer experience 
•	 May	impact	the	availability	and	delivery	of	critical	network	
equipment,	leading	to	integration	delays
Strategic Pillars materiality LinkedCapitals Impacted
S7/
en3G2 e C1 e C2G3
Regulatory Risk
mitigations
•	 Proactive	dialogue	with	regulators	to	anticipate	emerging	
regulatory	changes,	address	spectrum	license	concerns,	
and advocate views as an industry player for a fair and 
sustainable	regulatory	framework	and	operating	models
•	 Collaborate	with	key	stakeholders	and	industry	players	to	
actively	address	issues	with	policymakers	and	regulatory	
authorities
Description
The	telecommunications	sector	faces	increasing	challenges	
and	uncertainties	that	arise	from	regulatory	oversight	and	
policies	governing	the	allocation	and	management	of 	spectrum	
in	Malaysia,	and	in	creating	a	regulatory	environment	that	
optimally	drives	growth	of	the	sector.	This	includes	changes	in	
spectrum	allocation	frameworks,	licensing	conditions,	spectrum 	
fees,	enforcement	measures,	and	operating	models.
Impact to Value Creation
•	 Competitiveness	and	growth
•	 Investment	and	cost	strategies
•	 Future	investments
Strategic Pillars Capitals Impacted materiality Linked
G1 G3 e C1 e C2
In	FY2023,	we	executed	well	on	our	sustainability	commitments,	
delivering	on	targets	set.	We	pledged	to	set	near	and	long-term	
company-wide	emission	reduction	targets	in	line	with	science-
based	net-zero	through	the	Science	Based	Targets	initiative	
(SBTi).	These	efforts	are	in	realisation	of	our	efforts	to	steadily	
apply Bursa’s requirements for a full Task Force on Climate-
related	Financial	Disclosures	(TCFD)-aligned	recommendations	
in	our	reporting	disclosures.
We welcome feedback and inquiries at
sustainability@celcomdigi.com.
Sustainability g overnance
CelcomDigi’s sustainability governance structure is integrated 
into	our	corporate	governance	framework.	The	Board	of	
Directors	holds	ultimate	responsibility	for	setting	the	Group’s	
strategic	direction	on	sustainability.	This	oversight	is	supported	
by	the	Board	Governance	and	Risk	Management	Committee	
(BGRMC),	the	governing	committee	for	sustainability	matters,	
which	oversees	the	Group’s	sustainability	priorities,	processes,	
standards,	and	performance.	
The Board maintains responsible business leadership in 
Malaysia by ensuring that sustainability-related competencies 
are periodically assessed to strengthen board oversight and 
stewardship	of	sustainability	matters.	All	Directors	have	
completed	the	Mandatory	Accreditation	Programme	Part	I.	
The Directors have acknowledged the amendments to the 
MMLR	related	to	sustainability	training	and	have	committed	to	
attending	the	Mandatory	Accreditation	Programme	Part	II	on	
Leading	for	Impact	within	the	stipulated	timeline.
The	Governance	and	Risk	Committee	(GRC),	chaired	by	the	
Chief	Executive	Officer	and	comprising	of	Senior	Management,	
assists	the	BGRMC	in	strengthening	the	effectiveness 	
of	implementing	CelcomDigi’s	sustainability	policies	and	
procedures	at	the	management	level.	Together,	they	convene	
regularly	to	address	governance,	risk,	compliance,	and	other	
non-financial	performance	matters,	which	are	then	escalated	to	
the	Board	via	the	BGRMC	on	a	quarterly	basis.	
The	Climate	Working	Committee	(CWC),	represented	by	the	
Heads	of	Sustainability,	Enterprise	Risk	Management	(ERM),	
Technology	Strategy	&	Architecture,	Network	Engineering	&	
Operations,	and	Workplace	&	Procurement,	oversees	climate-
related	risks	and	opportunities.	The	CWC	also	deliberates	on	
and	recommends	environmental	actions	and	initiatives	to	the 	
GRC	for	further	escalation	to	the	BGRMC.	
The	Sustainability	Department	serves	as	the	subject	matter	
expert	and	coordinates	the	implementation	of	the	Group’s	
sustainability	initiatives.	
we aspire to become m alaysia's leading advocate for sustainability practices. By understanding our 
stakeholders' expectations, setting clear and measurable eSg targets, and establishing effective 
governance at the highest level, we aim to elevate our sustainability performance across the company.
Sustainability g overnance Structure
Board Governance
and Risk management Committee 
(BGRMC)
Climate working Committee 
(CWC)
CHAIR-CCAO,	CTO
Heads of Sustainability, 
eRm, T echnology Strategy & 
Architecture, network engineering 
& Operations, workplace & 
Procurement
governance Risk Committee ( gRC)
CHAIR-CEO
DCeO, CFO, CCAO, CHRO
Compliance,	Internal	Audit,	
Enterprise	Risk	Management,	
Sustainability
Sustainability Management

---- Page 23 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
43
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review42
Who We Are
Sustainability Management
Board governance and Risk management Committee (BgRmC):
Oversees	and	recommends	the	Group’s	sustainability	strategy,	
targets,	policies,	and	materiality	assessment	process	for	the	
Board’s	approval.	The	Committee	ensures	integration	of	
sustainability and climate-related risks within the ERM framework 
and	monitors	the	implementation	of	sustainability	strategies	and	
performance	against	targets.
governance Risk Committee ( gRC):
Assists the CEO and BGRMC in overseeing and strengthening 
effectiveness	across	the	three	lines	of	defense.	The	Committee	
shall consistently promote a culture that ensures ethical 
business	conduct	and	compliance	with	the	Code	of	Conduct,	
policies	and	procedures,	and	responsible	business	practices. 	
Climate working Committee (Cw C): 
Oversees	climate-related	risks	and	opportunities,	assesses	and 	
recommends	environmental	actions	and	initiatives,	including 	
disclosures	aligned	with	the	TCFD	and	other	internationally	
recognised	standards,	and	reports	on	climate	matters	to	the 	
GRC	for	onward	escalation	to	the	BGRMC.
Sustainability Strategy Framework 
We	prioritise	material	sustainability	matters	to	meet	stakeholders’	expectations	and	evolving	industry	standards.	We	aim	to	make	a	
significant	impact	on	four	focus	areas	and	become	a	leading	ESG	practitioner 	in	Malaysia.	
Learn	more	about	our	approach	to	sustainability	
management at https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.
com/sustainability_management.html.
Further	information	on	the	value	created	can	
be	found	in	Section	4:	Performance	Review	on	
pages	56	to	91.
Purpose Focus Areas Initiatives
Our Aspiration: T op 5 eSg Performer in malaysia
Advancing
and
 Inspiring
Society
Inclusive and 
Safe Digital Access
•	 Service	Reliability	and	Quality
•	 Affordable	and	Inclusive	Services
•	 Cybersecurity	and	Data	Protection
•	 Digital	Empowerment
Sustainable 
v alue Chain
•	 Health,	Safety,	and	Environment
•	 Supply	Chain	Management
•	 Human	Rights	and	Labour	Standards	
Governance and 
Performance Culture
•	 Compliance-First	Mindset
•	 Board	Oversight
•	 Talent	Succession	Framework
•	 Diverse	and	Empowered	Skilled	Workforce
e nvironmental Impact 
and Action
•	 Emissions	Reduction	and	Clean	Energy
•	 Waste	Management
•	 Disaster	Response
•	 Tech-Enabled	Solutions
Read	more	on	the	integration	of
sustainability governance into CelcomDigi’s 
overall corporate governance framework in 
Section	5:	Statement	of	Risk	Management	and	
Internal	Control	(SORMIC),	pages	112	to	119.
Read about our commitment to the SBTi 
Net-Zero	Standard	towards	setting	a	robust	
emissions	reduction	target	at	the	pace	and	scale 	
required	by	climate	science:	
https://sciencebasedtargets.org/companies-
taking-action#dashboard.
Sustainability Management
eSG Performance Scorecard
Our ESG performance scorecard benchmarks performances of the four focus areas outlined in our Sustainability Strategy 
framework.
Focus Areas material matters Targets Due/
Tracking FrequencyTargets Fy2023
 Performance
100% of Privacy Control 
Framework implemented 
for high-risk data processing 
functions	by	2024
Tracked annuallyData Privacy and 
Cybersecurity
G2 85% completed
Tracked monthly+2pp CSAT improvement in 
2023
Customer 
Satisfaction
S1
500,000 community 
engagements	in	2023Tracked annually
585,268 engaged
44,856	active	
users* in Future 
Skills	For	All	(FS4A)	
programme
Online SafetyS6
Digital InclusionS5
69.7% CSAT score 
(+3.9pp)*
Inclusive
& Safe 
Digital 
Access
Tracked annually
100% employees pass-rate 
in Integrity programme 
assessment	in	2023
Business Ethics 
and Corporate 
Governance
G3 100%*
Governance & 
Performance 
Culture
Energy 
Consumption
en2
Mid (2030) to 
long-term (2050)
Develop a n et Zero 2050 
roadmap and targets aligned 
to	SBTi	by	2025
Climate Change 
and Environmental 
Action
en1
Signed SBTi 
commitment letter 
in December 2023e nvironmental 
Impact &
Action
Tracked annually
ISO45001 recertification for 
all CelcomDigi premises by 
2024
Occupational	
Safety and Health
S3
Recertification	
completed for key 
premises	(e.g.	HQ)
Sustainable
v alue Chain
Tracked monthly20,000 supplier training 
hours	in	2023 23,478 hoursSupply Chain 
Management
S7/
en3
Completed In progress Delayed
*	 Limited	External	Assurance
Legend for Fy2023 Performance

---- Page 24 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
45
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review44
Who We Are
Sustainability Management
Over	the	past	year,	CelcomDigi	has	continued	to	support	the	United	Nations	Sustainable	Development	Goals	(SDGs),	emphasising	
the	importance	of	mobile	technology	and	its	ability	to	digitalise	economies,	protect	the	environment,	and	empower	societies	by	
promoting	digital	inclusion,	internet	safety,	and	building	skills	for	a	digital	future.
As	we	continue	to	develop	our	goals,	responsibilities,	and	services	co-relating	to	the	SDGs,	we	recognise	that	certain	areas	are	
inherently	related	to	the	core	of	our	company’s	business	functions.	Our	strategic	priorities	remain	focused	on	supporting	access	
to	quality	education	(SDG	4),	decent	workplace	and	economic	growth	(SDG	8),	innovative	and	resilient	infrastructure	(SDG	
9),	reducing	inequalities	(SDG	10),	climate	action	(SDG	13),	and	peace,	justice	and	strong	institutions	(SDG	16).	This	year,	we	
continued	to	elevate	our	impact	on	the	SDGs	through	our	commitment	to	the	United	Nations	Global	Compact	(UNGC)	principles	
and	the	sustainability	agenda	to	create	impact	across	the	broad	range	of	areas	covered	by	the	SDGs.	(For	more	information	on	our	
commitment,	please	refer	to	https://unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/participants/162020-CelcomDigi-Berhad).
SDg Priorities and Impact m apping
UNGC	Human	Rights	(Principle	1,	2)
UNGC	Anti-Corruption	(Principle	10)
UNGC	Labour	(Principle	3,	4,	5,	6)
UNGC	Environment	(Principle	7,	8,	9)
Frequency
D Daily
W Weekly
M Monthly
Q Quarterly
y Yearly
CelcomDigi recognises 
the importance of having 
constant engagement 
with all our stakeholders. 
By establishing good 
lines of communication 
and maintaining positive 
relationships with them, 
we are able to understand 
their expectations and align 
them closer to our business 
strategies. This enhances 
our ability to create value 
and deliver on our purpose 
of Advancing and Inspiring 
Society.
M Q y
Descriptor
Responsible	for	setting	strategic	
priorities	and	providing	guidance	to	the	
management to act in the interest of the 
company and its stakeholders
e ngagement Channels
•	 Annual	General	Meeting
•	 Quarterly/monthly	Board	meetings
•	 Board	and	leadership	effectiveness	
evaluation
•	 Corporate	events
Stakeholders’ expectations
•	 Financial	and	non-financial	
performance
•	 Oversight	on	ESG-related	matters	and	
performances 
•	 Meeting	shareholder	interests	and	
stakeholders'	expectations
Our Response
•	 Updates	on	CelcomDigi's	purpose,	
strategy,	company	scorecard,	risks,	
and	emerging	opportunities
•	 Updates	on	CelcomDigi's	refreshed	
ESG	strategy,	including	climate	
ambition	
•	 Maintaining	accuracy,	completeness	
and consistency of CelcomDigi's 
disclosures
Frequency
Board of Directors Government
and Regulators
W Q y
Descriptor
Ministries,	national	agencies,	and	
regulatory	institutions	responsible	
for	establishing	laws	and	regulations	
applicable	to	our	operations
e ngagement Channels
•	 Regular	reports	and	periodic	
engagements
•	 Information-sharing	with	relevant	
ministries and regulators
•	 Participation	in	regulatory	and	
industry	meetings	
•	 Company	website
•	 Integrated	Annual	Report	and	
Financial Reports
•	 Yearly	site	audits	and	visits
Stakeholders’ expectations
•	 National	digitalisation	ambitions
•	 Digital	inclusion	(Equitable	and	
affordable	access,	improved	coverage)
•	 Digital	integrity	and	digital	resilience	
(privacy	and	data	protection,	
cybersecurity)
•	 Compliance	to	regulatory	standards	
and requirements
Our Response
•	 Affordable,	inclusive,	and	innovative	
products and services to drive digital 
adoption	and	uptake
•	 Network	integration	and	
modernisation	to	enhance	service	
reliability and quality
•	 Building	a	future-ready	5G	network
Frequency
Key relationships

---- Page 25 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
47
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review46
Who We Are
D W QM y
Descriptor
Our retail and non-retail customers 
who have subscribed to CelcomDigi’s 
products and services
e ngagement Channels
•	 In-person	services	via	retail	
touchpoints
•	 Self-serve	options	via	our	kiosks	and	
mobile	applications
•	 Social	platforms	and	applications
•	 Customer	service	channels
•	 Enterprise	sales	and	support,	account	
servicing managers
Stakeholders’ expectations
•	 Consistent	network	experience	
•	 Affordability
•	 Flexible	plans
•	 Transparent	billing
•	 Data	security	and	privacy
•	 Responsive	and	efficient	customer	
service
Our Response
•	 Widespread	retail	touchpoints	-	
operating	365	days,	digital	platforms,	
and self-serve kiosks 
•	 Becoming	a	trusted	brand	by	
employing fair and transparent 
business	practices
•	 Establishment	of	Trust	Circle	to	
advocate responsible business 
practices
•	 Nationwide	anti-scam	awareness	and	
online safety programmes
Frequency
D W QM y
Descriptor
Individuals directly and indirectly 
(through	contracted	parties)	employed	
by CelcomDigi
e ngagement Channels
•	 Internal	engagement	channels
•	 Leadership	forums,	training,	and	
development
•	 Company	events/activities
•	 Forums	and	seminars
•	 Training	and	development	platforms	
and	initiatives
Stakeholders’ expectations
•	 Career	development	opportunities
•	 Work-life	balance	
•	 Competitive	compensation
•	 Recognition	and	appreciation
•	 Inclusive	and	diverse	culture
•	 Healthy	and	safe	work	environment
Our Response
•	 Established	team	structures	 
(CD-Management,	CD-Leadership,	
CD-Experts)
•	 Clear	succession	and	talent	pipeline
•	 Company-wide	events	to	foster	
collaboration	(Customer	Engagement	
Day,	Teambuilding,	CDlympics)
•	 First-aider	training	to	develop	health	
ambassadors among employees
•	 Mental	health	and	well-being	
programmes 
•	 Benchmarking	pay,	compensation,	and	
benefits	competitiveness
Frequency
QM y
Descriptor
Our	owners,	financial	analysts,	the	
investor	community,	and	providers	of	
capital
e ngagement Channels
•	 Integrated	Annual	Report
•	 Annual	General	Meeting
•	 Quarterly	earnings	calls
•	 Non-deal	roadshows	and	investor	
conferences
•	 Investor	Relations	website
•	 Sustainability	Performance	website
•	 Analyst	briefings
Stakeholders’ expectations
•	 Financial	and	non-financial	
performance
•	 Effective	leadership,	transparent	
decision-making	processes,	and	
accountability
•	 Regular	updates	and	communication
•	 Environmental	responsibility
Our Response
•	 Gaining	market	share	and	earnings	
consistency	in	a	highly	competitive	
industry
•	 Maintained	strong	stock	market	
performance	and	investment	portfolio
•	 Effective	cost-management	strategies
•	 Clear	communication	on	company’s	
strategy,	risks,	and	performance
•	 Commitment	to	Net	Zero	target
Frequency
employeesCustomers Shareholder, Analysts,
and Investors
Key relationships
QM y
Descriptor
Collaborative	partners	we	engage	
with,	united	by	common	aspirations	to	
advance	our	sustainability	agenda,	which	
is anchored on achieving the Sustainable 
Development	Goals	(SDGs)
e ngagement Channels
•	 Programme	collaborations
•	 Advocacy,	public	engagements,	and	
forums
•	 Collaborative	research,	surveys,	
academic	studies,	and	consultation	
papers
Stakeholders’ expectations
•	 Partnerships	for	Impactful	Projects
•	 Efforts	aligned	towards	UN	SDGs
•	 Education	and	Digital	Literacy	
Programmes
•	 Emergency	Response	and	Public	
Safety
Our Response
•	 Capacity-building	programmes	
(CelcomDigi Young Digital Innovators 
Programme,	Future	Skills	For	All)	to	
empower	societies
•	 Nurturing	strong	collaborations	with	
like-minded partners
•	 Internet	access	(Fixed	Wireless	
Access)	for	flood	evacuation	centres	
and relief aids 
•	 Refurbished	laptops	distribution	to	
schools and community centres
Frequency
W QM y
Descriptor
Public and private agencies that cover 
print,	broadcast,	and	online	media
e ngagement Channels
•	 Strategic	and	operational	media	
interviews and events
•	 Formal	and	informal	briefings
•	 On-demand	requests
•	 Press	releases
•	 Monitoring	and	sentiment	analysis
Stakeholders’ expectations
•	 Customer	satisfaction	
•	 Adherence	to	industry	regulations
•	 Innovation	and	technology	updates
•	 Industry	thought	leadership
•	 Crisis	communication	preparedness
Our Response
•	 Positive	stories	about	customer	
satisfaction,	successful	service	
implementations,	and	innovative	
customer-centric approaches
•	 Providing	media	access	to	company	
events,	product	launches,	and	major	
announcements
•	 Expert	opinions,	and	contributing	to	
industry discussions 
Frequency
W QM y
Descriptor
Businesses that have direct and 
indirect	contractual	relationships	with	
CelcomDigi and deliver business value to 
us	by	co-developing/deploying	products	
and services for our customers
e ngagement Channels
•	 Exploratory	meetings
•	 Tenders	and	commercial	agreements	
or partnerships
•	 Regular	check-in	discussions
•	 Site	inspections	and	audits
•	 Supplier	training
•	 Product	presentations
Stakeholders’ expectations
•	 Fair	and	timely	payment
•	 Mutually	beneficial	partnerships
•	 Training	and	enablement
•	 Market	development	support
•	 Ethical	business	practices
•	 Access	to	resources	(e.g.	seamless	
technological	integration)	
Our Response
•	 Training	for	vendors
•	 Perform	Integrity	Due	Diligence	prior	
to the appointment of vendors
•	 Requirements	for	all	business	partners	
to adhere to CelcomDigi’s Business 
Partner Conduct Principles
•	 Integrity	hotline	to	report	on	alleged	
misconducts,	bribery,	and	corruption	
within CelcomDigi
•	 My5G	SME	Digital	workshop	
•	 Partnerships	to	enable	next-gen	
connectivity	solutions
Frequency
Community, 
Sustainability Partners, 
and n on-Governmental 
Organisations (ngOs)
Media Suppliers and 
Business Partners
Key relationships

---- Page 26 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
49
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review48
Who We Are
we recognise the pivotal role of materiality assessment in our sustainability management efforts. 
Through this exercise, we are able to engage with our diverse stakeholders and attain feedback on issues 
that should be considered relevant and prioritised.
In	2024,	we	refreshed	our	materiality	assessment	to	validate	the	importance	of	economic,	environmental,	social,	and	governance	
matters	to	our	business	and	stakeholders.	Throughout	this	process,	we	ensured	that	our	enterprise	risk	parameters	closely	aligned	
with	business	priorities.	We	also	adhered	to	best	practices	as	outlined	in	standards	such	as	the	Bursa	Sustainability 	Reporting	
Guide	and	Toolkits	and	the	Global	Reporting	Initiative	(GRI).	
Our Approach to materiality Assessment 
materiality matrix
Phase 1: Review material matters Assessment 
•	 Existing	material	matters	were	reviewed	to	ensure	relevance	to	industry	trends	and	Bursa	Malaysia’s	list	of	common	
sustainability	matters.
•	 Identified	material	matters	were	consolidated	into	15	groups	and	classified	according	to	economic,	environmental,	
social,	and	governance	for	discussion	in	this	report.
Phase 2: Stakeholder engagement
•	 Inputs	from	internal	and	external	stakeholders	were	obtained	to	understand	their	perceptions	on	each	material	
matter.
•	 Stakeholders	rated	scores	on	a	scale	of	1	to	5	for	each	material	matter,	based	on	the	following	criteria:
a)	Importance	to	society,	environment,	and	the	economy	(Sustainability	impact)
b)	Importance	to	CelcomDigi	(Financial	impact)	
•	 Using	an	equal-weighted	approach	applied	across	all	stakeholders,	average	rating	scores	were	tabulated.
•	 In	addition,	stakeholders’	feedback	and	concerns	were	gathered	to	better	understand	their	needs	and	expectations.
Phase 3: Sustainability and Financial Impact Assessments
•	 Impact	scores	of	each	material	matter	were	assessed	and	deliberated	with	representatives	from	key	business	
functions.	
•	 CelcomDigi’s	enterprise	risk	parameters	were	used	to	guide	the	scoring	of	the	severity	and	likelihood	of	each	
material	matter	to	ensure	closer	alignment	between	our	enterprise	risk	parameters	and	double	materiality	
assessment	outcomes.
Phase 4: Calibration of Assessments
•	 Assessment	outcomes	from	Phase	3	were	tabulated	and	presented	in	our	Double	Materiality	Matrix.
•	 Top	material	matters	were	identified	based	on	the	mapping	in	the	matrix.
Phase 5: Review and Approvals
•	 The	Materiality	Matrix	and	findings	were	presented	to	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Management	team	for	approval.
Materiality
Our	Materiality	Matrix	represents	the	level	of	importance	of	our	15	consolidated	material	matters	from	the	perspectives	of 	
stakeholders,	business,	and	financial	impact.	The	Matrix	provides	a	practical	overview	of	the	risks	and	opportunities	across	the	
business	value	chain,	guiding	our	strategic	decisions	and	development	processes.
Financial meteriality
Impact materiality
Very high importance
Very high importance
High importance
High importance
Moderate importance
Moderate importance
EC2
EC1
S2 S3
S5 S6
S1
S4
EN1
EN2
G1
G4 G3
G2
S7/EN3 Legend
e C Economic
en Environmental
S Social
G Governance
Materiality
Commentaries  
1	 CelcomDigi	prioritises	24/7	customer	support	to	meet	the	demand	for	an	always-on	digital	lifestyle,	gathering	feedback	through	multiple 	
channels	and	promptly	addressing	concerns	to	ensure	customer	satisfaction.
2	 CelcomDigi	dedicates	separate	focus	and	resources	to	promoting	a	safe	internet	experience	and	mitigating	heightened	risks	associated	 with	
online	safety	and	scams.
3	 Guided	by	existing	good	practices,	CelcomDigi	implements	strong	mitigation	strategies	and	remediation	plans	to	uphold	human	rights 	
across	the	company,	ensuring	ongoing	due	diligence	for 	maximum	visibility	and	monitoring	of	ground-level	issues.
4	 CelcomDigi	remains	committed	to	stringent	regulatory	compliance,	continuously	engaging	with	relevant	agencies	and	government	bodies	to	
meet	evolving	standards	and	best	practices.	
5	 CelcomDigi	recognises	energy	management’s	crucial	role	in	mitigating	climate	change	and	commits	to	prioritising	energy 	efficiency,	low-
carbon	energy	generation,	and	sustainable	transportation	in	the	short	to	mid-term. 	
6	 CelcomDigi	prioritises	people	matters,	focusing	on	developing	a	progressive	talent	pipeline,	core	competencies,	and	cultural	integration	to 	
strengthen	its	position	as	one	of	Malaysia’s	Top	5	Employer	Brands.
Please refer to next page

---- Page 27 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
51
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review50
Who We Are
Legend material matters Description
Movements 
(vs Fy2023)
Very High Importance
e C1 Service Reliability and Quality Providing quality and consistent network experiences to 
customers. 
S1 Customer	Satisfaction1 Employing	customer-centric	solutions	for	a	differentiated	user	
experience	in	our	highly	competitive	markets. 
G2 Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Upholding	strong	governance	to	strengthen	privacy	controls	and	
to	protect	stakeholders’	data	and	information	against	cyberattacks. 
G3 Business Ethics and Corporate 
Governance
Maintaining	an	effective	governance	framework	and	internal 	
controls to uphold corporate values and ethical standards across 
our	value	chain.

G4 Crisis Management and 
Response 
Ensuring we are well prepared for crises with a rapid and adequate 
response	plan,	and	clear	lines	of	reporting. 
High Importance
S6 Online Safety 2 Nurturing	safe	internet	skills	among	stakeholders. 
S4 Respecting	Human	Rights	and	
Freedom of Expression 3
Upholding	human	rights	by	mitigating	the	risk	of	potential	
abuse across our value chain and ensuring access to the right 
information.

en1 Climate Change and 
Environmental	Action
Protecting	the	environment	by	transitioning	towards	a	low-carbon	
economy	and	employing	effective	waste	management	within	
business	operations.

S3 Occupational	Safety	and	Health
Providing a conducive environment with improved health and 
safety	conditions	for	employees	and	contracted	workers	across	
the	supply	chain.

e C2 Business	Development,	
Expansion,	and	Investments
Robust strategies to acquire and expand businesses and value 
creation	to	drive	growth	and	profitability.
S5 Digital Inclusion Enabling greater access to enhance digital inclusion among 
stakeholders. 
G1 Regulatory Compliance 4 Maintaining	robust	controls	to	meet	existing	and	emerging 	
legislation	and	regulations. 
en2 Energy	Consumption5 Implementing	measures	to	improve	energy	efficiency	and	promote	
sustainable	practices	to	mitigate	environmental	impact. NEW
S7/
en3 Supply Chain Management Raising	standards	in	our	supply	chain	to	positively	influence	social	
equality	and	environmental	protection. 
S2 Talent and Culture 6
Fostering	an	environment	that	attracts	and	retains	high-
performing	talents	while	encouraging	continuous	development	of	
digital	competencies.

Materiality Strategy
Our strategic pillars underscore our dedication to Advancing and Inspiring Society, driving us to create 
value for our stakeholders and foster sustainable long-term growth. This is achieved through the five key 
priorities outlined in our growth strategy.
Accelerate Integration, Synergies, and Operational 
excellence
Accelerating	the	sustainable	integration	of	networks,	
IT	systems,	channels,	and	people	in	order	to	effectively	
realise	synergy	savings	and	efficiencies	while	
institutionalising	operational	excellence
Win in the Core 
Outperforming the market in order to maintain market 
leadership in our core businesses
Build n ew Core
Leveraging	innovation,	digitalisation,	and	technology	
to generate sustainable new business growth across 
Enterprise,	Home	&	Fibre,	as	well	as	similar	adjacent	
telecom segments
Shape Assets for Future Growth 
Unlocking	the	value	of	our	physical	and	digital	assets	
to	create	new	revenue	streams,	and	service	innovation
Succeed with Talents
Providing	a	robust	platform	to	drive	the	development	
of future skills and the growth of digital talent for core 
and	new	businesses,	while	establishing	CelcomDigi	as	
the best place to work for career advancement
Accelerate Integration, 
Synergies, and Operational 
excellence
Build n ew Core
Succeed with Talents
Win in the Core
Shape Assets for
Future Growth
Our Strategy Progress
CelcomDigi	has	developed	a	comprehensive	five-year	
strategic blueprint to guide our growth journey and secure 
long-term	success.	Our	strategy	focuses	on	expanding	the	
market,	capitalising	our	operational	strengths,	and	embracing	
innovation	as	a	key	value	driver	to	future-proof	our	business.	
This	year,	we	made	significant	strides	in	Advancing	and	
Inspiring	Society	across	our	five	strategic	pillars.
Accelerate Integration, Synergies, 
and Operational excellence
The Strategy
•	 Enhancing	the	Network,	IT,	and	Commercial	working	
streams	to	drive	better	customer	experience	and	unlock	
synergies	for	greater	efficiencies
•	 Driving	operational	excellence	across	the	company	through	
simplification,	evolving	operating	models,	structural 	
changes,	technology-driven	efficiencies,	and	embracing	an 	
Operational	Excellence	mindset	
Our Initiatives
•	 Achieved	integration	and	synergy	milestones	planned	for	
2023:
-	 Completed	organisational	integration	for	business	continuity
- Harmonised channels with integrated Sales teams
- Embraced	new	CelcomDigi	culture	integration
-	 Integrated	more	than	5,000	sites	ahead	of	schedule
-	 Improved	free	cash	flow	with	efficient	cost	management	
-	 Realised	gross	synergy	of	RM366	million	
•	 Achieved	our	Operational	Excellence	target	for	2023	
through internal programmes 
Capitals:
Read	more	on	our	progress	activities	in	
Section	4:	Performance	Review,	pages	56	to	
91.

---- Page 28 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
53
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review52
Who We Are
Strategy
Win in the Core
•	 Continuing	to	lead	and	win	across	all	regions	and	segments	
while	prioritising	the	growth	of	high-value	and	differentiated	
customer segments
•	 Strengthening	convergence	by	cross-selling	and	upselling	to	
our	existing	customer	base
•	 Establishing	a	leadership	position	in	the	5G	race	across	both	
mass consumer and business segments
•	 Enabling	our	teams	through	analytics	and	delivering	on	our	
brand	and	customer	promise	through	differentiated	product	
offerings,	exceptional	service,	support,	and	digital	and	retail	
experiences
•	 Strengthened	and	optimised	our	retail	and	distribution	
presence	to	better	serve	our	segments:	
- Streamlined channels and integrated sales team under 
one umbrella
- Ensured Celcom Bluecubes and Digi Stores remained 
open	365	days	a	year
- Introduced a new CelcomDigi brand
-	 Rolled	out	over	50	product	campaigns,	including	unified	
5G	offerings,	which	resulted	in	more	than	636,000	net	
additions	in	consumer	mobile
Build n ew Core
•	 Driving	accelerated	growth	in	the	Home	&	Fibre	segment	
within the market
•	 Expanding	significant	market	share	across	all	Enterprise	
segments through strategic partnerships enabled by beyond 
connectivity	solutions
•	 Leveraging	our	Innovation	Centre	to	spearhead	new	
innovations	in	the	local	digital	ecosystems	through	
partnerships with global technology players
•	 Fostering	a	culture	of	innovation	within	our	workplace	by	
exploring	new	technologies	and	innovative	solutions	
•	 Accelerated	our	Home	&	Fibre	initiatives	and	revitalised	our	
Enterprise	Business:
-	 Introduced	a	new	CelcomDigi	brand	for	both	Home	&	
Fibre	and	Enterprise	propositions
-	 Grew	subscriber	base	to	131,000
- Secured key contract wins in Enterprise Business
-	 Conducted	multiple	MY5G	CEO	workshops	with	
Enterprise	clients	to	drive	thought	leadership	on	5G	
technology
•	 Establishing	the	Innovation	Centre,	and	forming	over	12	
collaborations	with	major	global	technology	partners	and	
local	institutions,	introducing	groundbreaking	use-cases	in	
logistics,	electrification,	and	leveraging	X-as-a-Service	in	
fintech	and	data	analytics
The Strategy The Strategy
Our Initiatives Our Initiatives
Capitals: Capitals:
Strategy
Shape Assets for Future Growth Succeed with Talents
•	 Driving	overall	efficiencies	through	the	optimisation	of	costs	
and	capital	allocation	in	our	assets,	while	exploring	new	
technologies	to	enhance	asset	efficiency	and	utilisation
•	 Modernising	and	integrating	our	network	and	IT	systems	to	
establish	a	future-proof	and	efficient	technology	stack
•	 Completing	organisation	design	and	putting	in	place	the	Top	
400	leaders	across	the	company
•	 Activating	10/100/1,000	initiative	to	build	future	talent	
pipeline	for	CXOs,	leaders,	and	next-generation	talent
•	 Rebuilding	our	core	competencies	to	ensure	a	
comprehensive skill set that meets both current and future 
business needs
•	 Developing	next-generation	talent	programmes	and	offering	
internal	job	mobility	options	to	create	more	avenues	for	
career advancement
•	 Fostering	innovation	and	embracing	new	ways	of	work	to	
cultivate	a	distinctive	CelcomDigi	culture,	contributing	to	
the development of a strong employer brand
•	 Prioritised	the	security	of	our	customers’	data	by	
implementing	identity	lifecycle,	privilege,	and	access	
management protocols internally
•	 Introduced	the	NextGen	Self-Serve	Kiosk,	setting	a	new	
standard	in	customer	service	by	offering	self-directed	
interactions	within	a	technology-driven	retail	environment
•	 Adopted	the	Digital	Telco	Enabler	(DTE)	as	our	enterprise	
integration	platform,	supporting	new	telco	business	models	
and ensuring seamless digital experiences for our customers
•	 Transformed	our	Core	Customer	Relationship	Management	
and	Billing	systems,	enhancing	the	customer	experience,	
strengthening	customer	relationships,	and	boosting	
satisfaction	levels
•	 Completion	of	people	integration	efforts:
- Harmonised and established CelcomDigi leadership and a 
new	organisational	structure	to	ensure	the	successful	and	
stable	integration	of	employees
-	 Initiated	the	development	of	new	CelcomDigi	values	and	
culture
The Strategy The Strategy
Our Initiatives Our Initiatives
Capitals: Capitals:

---- Page 29 ----
Innovating
new 
possibilities
Advancing your business with 5g and 
AI-powered technologies, so you can 
enjoy the freedom to focus on the 
things that truly matter

---- Page 30 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
57
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review56
Who We Are
Financial Capital
Our approach
In	2023,	CelcomDigi	Berhad	completed	its	inaugural	year	of	operations	as	a	merged	entity.	Our	performance	has	been	
commendable,	achieving	strong	growth	in	accordance	with	our	2023	guidance.	This	success	has	been	underpinned	by	disciplined	
market	execution	and	effective	cost	management	strategies.	In	meeting	all	first-year	integration	milestones,	we	achieved	gross	
synergy	savings	surpassing	RM300	million.	This	underscores	our	commitment	to	realising	the	full	potential	of	the	merger	and	
optimising	operational	efficiency.
We	are	making	significant	progress	in	transforming	ourselves	into	a	telco-tech	company,	and	are	becoming	commercially	robust	in	
order	to	tackle	industry	challenges	and	meet	the	growing	demand	for	digitalisation	and	innovation.	With	our	increased	capabilities	
after	the	merger,	we	continue	to	drive	solid	growth	in	our	core	mobile	business	and	invest	in	new	growth	areas,	thereby	enabling	
us	to	deliver	a	strong	performance	and	shareholders	value.
Looking ahead
key inputs in 2023 Outputs
●	 Top	seven	company	by	market	capitalisation	in	Malaysia
●	 Healthy	total	revenue
●	 Healthy	EBITDA	margin
●	 Healthy	operating	cash	flow
●	 Optimum	capex	allocation
●	 Solid	balance	sheet
●	 Strengthening	market	leadership	with	growth	across	all	
core	segments,	with	a	stronger	subscriber	base
●	 Sustaining	core	profitability	margins	driven	by	strong	
underlying performance
●	 Optimising	capex	efficiencies	to	deliver	network	
integration	and	modernisation	initiatives
●	 Delivering	sustainable	returns	to	shareholders
●	 Realising	gross	synergies	from	structural	initiatives	and	
sourcing	efficiencies
●	 Solid	balance	sheet	management	in	maintaining	financial	
strength for future growth
CelcomDigi	proudly	serves	20.6	million	subscribers,	a	testament	to	the	strength	and	resilience	of	our	combined	offering	in	the	
telecommunications	market.	We	are	confident	in	our	ability	to	achieve	our	integration	and	synergy	goals	due	to	our	increased	capacity	
to	invest	for	growth,	as	well	as	our	strengthened	resilience	in	managing	macroeconomic	and	industry	challenges.	We	look	forward	to	
building	upon	this	momentum	and	delivering	even	greater	value	to	our	customers	in	the	years	ahead.	
Guiding Factors
material matters Strategic Pillars unSDGs
G1 e C2 S1
Financial Capital
●	 Sustain	momentum	of	service	revenue	and	EBIT	growth
●	 Maintain	capex	intensity
●	 Institutionalise	operational	excellence	(OE)	mindset	and	
financial	discipline	to	create	sustainable	value
●	 Explore	tech	solutions	and	new	revenue	streams
●	 Capture	synergies	while	accelerating	digitalisation	and	
innovation
●	Invest	in	new	synergistic	platforms	and	new	operating	models
●	 Ensure	disciplined	capital	structure	and	cost	allocation
●	 Deliver	sustainable	dividends	on	the	back	of	solid	balance	
sheet	and	synergy	potentials
Financial Capital
Strengthening market leadership with growth across all core segments, with a stronger subscriber base
The	FY2023	results	of	the	Group	include	Celcom’s	performance	as	it	became	a	subsidiary	on	30	November	2022,	through	the	
merger.	In	FY2022,	only	one	month’s	portion	from	Celcom’s	results	was	added	after	the	merger.
Service	revenue	increased	YoY	from	RM5,770	million	to	RM10,859	million	because	of	the	merger	effect	as	well	as	the	expansion	of	
all	core	segments	except	for	Postpaid,	which	had	a	marginal	decline	due	to	lower	interconnect	revenue	after	interconnection	rates	
were	reduced	during	the	year.
Prepaid	revenue	increased	by	63.5%	YoY	from	RM2,797	million	to	RM4,573	million	due	to	the	high	demand	for	data	services	as	
well	as	the	effect	of	the	merger.
Home	&	Fibre	service	revenue	significantly	increased	YoY,	from	RM41	million	to	RM173	million,	as	more	customers	chose	the	wider	
range	of	products	and	competitive	fibre	plans,	resulting	in	net	additions	of	30,000	subscribers	as	well	as	due	to	merger	effect.
ARPu (RM) Postpaid Prepaid Home & Fibre Blended
Fy2023 68 28 126 41
Fy2022 1 71 29 124 42
1	 Comparable	basis	results	 which	includes	contribution	from	Celcom’s	results	as	if 	the	merger	was	completed	on	1	January	2022
With	the	increasing	number	of	smartphone	users	and	ongoing	enhancements	of	our	network	quality	and	coverage,	the	average	
monthly	data	usage	per	user	reached	31.2	GB	for	Celcom	and	26.1	GB	for	Digi.
Service Revenue (RM million)
Fy2023Fy2022
173
2,797
4,573
5,770
10,859
+88.2%
1,038
2,808
5,076
41 124
Subscribers (‘000)
Fy2023Fy2022
13,313 13,483
20,086 20,552
+466
6,672 6,938
101 131
Postpaid Prepaid Wholesale	&	Others Home	&	Fibre
Smartphone u sersData Consumption
93.6%31.2 GB/user
93.1%26.1 GB/user
11.8%	YoY
6.5%	YoY


---- Page 31 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
59
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review58
Who We Are
Financial Capital
Sustaining core profitability margins driven by strong underlying performance
●	 PAT	rose	by	84.8%	from	RM848	million	to	RM1,567	million 	
because	of	the	merger	effect,	partly	balanced	by	higher	
depreciation	costs	from	the	full	year	effect	of	the	change	
in useful life of mobile network assets and assets on sites 
that are planned for decommission as part of the network 
integration.
●	 The	merger	was	the	main	factor	behind	the	104.3%	
YoY	growth	in	EBITDA	for	FY2023,	which	went	up	from	
RM3,013	million	to	RM6,155	million.	The	cost	of	sales,	
network,	and	IT-related	expenses	also	increased	because 	
of	the	larger	network	and	the	higher	data	service	demand.	
However,	some	of	these	cost	increases	were	offset	by	cost	
optimisation	initiatives	and	one-off	credit.
Optimising capex efficiencies to deliver network integration and modernisation initiatives
eBITDA (RM million)
4Q2022
781
1,567 1,597
3Q2023 4Q2023
35.8%
50.5% 48.8%
+104.5% +1.9% 3,013
6,155
Fy2022 Fy2023
44.5% 48.5%
+104.3%
EBITDA Margin	(%)
Profit After Tax (Rm million)
PAT Margin	(%)
4Q2022 3Q2023 4Q2023 Fy2022 Fy2023
12.4%12.5%
5.9% 14.8% 13.4%
1,567
848
+84.8%
128
459 439
+243.0% -4.4%
Capex	in	FY2023	amounted	to	RM1,812	million,	reflecting	a 	
capex	intensity	of	14.3%,	compared	to	13.1%	in	FY2022.	Most	
of	the	capex	was	allocated	to	support	the	network	integration 	
and	modernisation	programme	as	well	as	to	address	the	
growing	demand	for	data	services.
Financial Capital
Delivering sustainable returns to shareholders
Realising gross synergies from structural initiatives and sourcing efficiencies
●	 Delivered	a	gross	synergy	of	RM366	million	through	enhanced	sourcing	efficiencies	and	favourable	renegotiations	of 	
commercial	terms,	especially	within	the	network	integration	and	modernisation	programme.
●	 Incurred	integration	costs	totaling	RM114	million,	covering	expenses	related	to	organisational	setup,	brand	campaigns, 	
professional	fees,	and	other	associated	costs.
•	 Higher	Earnings	Per	Share	(EPS)	and	Dividend	Per	Share	
(DPS)	from	topline	improvements	and	effective	cost	
management.	
•	 The	total	FY2023	dividend	payout	amounted	to	RM1,549	
million,	reflecting	a	99%	dividend	payout	ratio,	which	
exceeds	the	company’s	dividend	policy	of	a	minimum	of	80%	
of	net	profits.
ePS (sen)
10.4
12.213.2 13.2
DPS (sen)
FY2022 FY2023
Synergy Performance
net
Synergy
(RM	million)
42 19 86 105 252
1Q2023 2Q2023 3Q2023 4Q2023 FY2023
366
158110
-114
58 40-16 -21 -24 -53
Gross	Synergy	(RM	million) Integration	Cost	(RM	million)
Capex (Rm million)
Fy2023Fy2022
888
13.1%
1,812
+104.1%
14.3%
Capex Intensity

---- Page 32 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
61
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review60
Who We Are
Financial Capital
Solid balance sheet management in maintaining financial strength for future growth
Assets (RM million) equities and Liabilities (Rm million) 
●	 Leveraging	our	strong	balance	sheet	and	robust	cash	flow,	we	successfully	obtained	rating	upgrade	for	Celcom	Networks	
Sdn	Bhd’s	RM5	billion	sukuk	programme	from	AA	to	AAA	and	reaffirmation	of	Digi	Telecommunications	Sdn	Bhd’s	AAA	
rating	from	MARC	Ratings	and	RAM	Ratings	respectively.
●	 Both	AAA-rated	programmes	are	a	testament	of	our	financial	strength	and	operational	excellence.
38,012
36,427
FY2022 FY2023
33,957 33,011
2,834 3,0181,221 397
FY2022 FY2023
38,012
16,339
2,102
4,624
14,887
36,427
16,459
12,997
1,777
5,194
Cash and short term deposits
Current assets
Non-current assets
Debts
Current	liabilities
Non-current	liabilities
Equity
Manufactured Capital
Our approach
As	the	largest	telecommunications	and	digital	services	provider,	 we	are	committed	to	being	a	part	of	accelerating	the	
national	digitalisation	agenda	and	driving	the	growth	of 	Malaysia’s	digital	ecosystem.	Our	combined	networks	strengthen	our	
competitiveness	to	deliver	the	most	consistent,	high-speed,	and	secure	connectivity,	delivered	through	continuous	investment	in 	
network	modernisation.
Our	network	and	information	technology	(IT)	infrastructure	assets	also	determine	how	we	differentiate	ourselves	in	an	increasingly	
competitive	industry.	As	part	of	our	modernisation	journey,	we	have	prioritised	investments	to	develop	technologies	such	as 	
Robotic	Process	Automation	(RPA),	Artificial	Intelligence	(AI),	and	Machine	Learning	(ML)	in	our 	operations.	Within	our	distribution	
network,	we	strive	to	increase	the	scope	of	customer	services	on	our	digital	touchpoints	to	provide	better	customer	accessibility.
Manufactured Capital
Looking ahead
key inputs in 2023 Outputs
●	 Widest	network	population	coverage	for	4G	LTE	and	4G	
LTE-A
●	 Modernised	network	infrastructure	with	5G-ready	
equipment
●	 Integrated	and	modernised	IT	infrastructure	
●	 Integrated	retail	stores	across	the	nation
●	 Synergised	digital	touchpoints
●	 Building	Malaysia’s	future	digital	network,	and	delivering	
the	widest	and	fastest	network	experience	nationwide
●	 Driving	modernisation	and	AI	automation	initiatives	
towards	operational	excellence
●	 Connecting	with	our	customers	through	our	digital	and	
physical touchpoints
As	digitalisation	grows	in	almost	all	facets	of	public	and	private	life,	CelcomDigi	expects	exponential	growth	in	data	usage	in	line 	
with	an	accelerated	pace	of	digital	adoption.	We	will	continue	to	provide	superior	network	quality	via	our	leading	4G	network	
experience,	in	addition	to	revitalising	our	telco	solutions	by	driving	widespread	introduction	of	5G	technology	nationwide.
Guiding Factors
material matters Strategic Pillars unSDGs
G4 S5eC 1 S6eC 2
●	 Complete	three-year	network	integration	and	modernisation	exercise	to	build	Malaysia’s	future	digital	network,	uplifting 	
network	quality,	capacity,	and	coverage
●	 Invest	in	future	network	operating	model	including	network	virtualisation,	transition	to	cloud-based,	software-driven 	
network	management,	and	adoption	of	AI	tools	
●	 Complete	three-year	IT	integration	and	modernisation,	prioritising	security 	and	reliability	in	managing	large	volumes	of	
data,	increasing	business	intelligence	capabilities	and	business	efficiency
●	 Accelerate	adoption	of	touch-free	operations	for	greater	efficiency
●	 Enhance	services	of	physical	and	digital	touchpoints	

---- Page 33 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
63
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review62
Who We Are
Manufactured Capital
Building malaysia’s future digital network
CelcomDigi	commenced	a	full-scale	three-year	programme	to	integrate	and	modernise	legacy	Celcom	and	Digi	networks,	creating	
the	largest	4G	network	in	Malaysia	with	the	latest	LTE	and	5G-ready	technologies.	This	marks	one	of	the	largest	technology	
deployment	projects	in	the	country.	These	efforts	are	focused	on	significantly	uplifting	the	overall	network	experience,	where	
customers	now	enjoy	better	signal	strength	and	improved	download	speeds	in	areas	that	have	undergone	consolidation.
We	remain	committed	to	delivering	the	widest	and	fastest	4G	network	in	the	country.	Our	contribution	towards	growing	network	
strength	has	provided	customers	with	consistent	voice	services,	faster	data	downloads,	lower	gaming	latency,	as	well	as	improved	
voice-over	LTE	(VoLTE)	and	video	streaming	experience,	encouraging	increasing	usage	of 	data	on	our	network.
Completed 35% 	ahead	of	initial	
target	of	30%	by	end-2023
Integrated 5,665 sites
as	of	December	2023
Improved customer experience in post-consolidated areas
Improved download speeds 
Between 20% and 26% 
Better	signal	strength	
Between 13% and 16% 
network integration and modernisation exercise 
Population coverage
4g LTe : 97%
4g LTe-A : 91%
Combined fibre footprint
29,800km (incl. CTS*)
*Celcom Timur Sabah
>99% network Availability
with	24/7,	365	days	monitoring	of	
network health
CelcomDigi	received	12	awards	in	11	categories	in	the	Opensignal’s	Mobile	Network	Experience	Report	(September 	2023).	
Opensignal	is	the	independent	global	standard	for 	analysing	consumer	mobile	experience	on	wireless	networks.
Average Monthly
Data	Consumption
Celcom
Digi
Gigabytes 
(GB)	Per	User
31.2 GB
26.1 GB
Manufactured Capital
Building malaysia’s future digital network (Continued)
Driving modernisation and automation initiatives towards operational excellence
Over	the	year,	we	implemented	AI	capabilities	to	our	networks	to	drive	innovation,	optimise	network	operations,	and	deliver 	
enhanced	services	to	our	customers.	Some	examples	include:	
We	began	our	IT	infrastructure	integration	and	modernisation	efforts,	 with	system	upgrades	to	drive	high	organisation-wide 	
productivity	levels	and	ensure	we	remain	responsive	to	customers’	increasing	digital	needs	and	data	consumption	patterns	to 	
remain	competitive.
●	 Virtual	Drive	Test	(DT)	using	AI-powered,	big-data-fueled	geolocation	to	obtain	 wireless	network	coverage	analysis	
solution	without	the	need	for	inefficient	physical	drive	tests
●	 Implementing	smart	Centralised	Self-Organising	Network	(CSON)	solution	that	utilises	AI	to	track	and	adjust	network	
configuration	and	parameters	continuously
●	 Migrating	Business	Intelligence	(BI)	system	to	the	Cloud	
●	 Replacement	of	Business	Support	System	(BSS)
●	 Touch	Free	Operations	capability	uplift
●	 Harmonising	Information	Technology	Infrastructure	
Library	(ITIL)	processes
●	 Integrated	single	HR	platform,	unified	Microsoft	O365,	
and	wireless	office	network
●	 Standardised	Service	Level	Agreement	(SLA)	performance	
management across all business partners to ensure 
effectiveness	and	quality	in	all	our	infrastructure
●	 Optimised	operations	by	consolidating	support	services	
and	implementing	proactive	measures	to	address	and	
report	issues	effectively
●	 Harmonised	outage	severity	matrix,	Crisis	Management	
Team	(CMT),	and	formalised	crisis	escalation	process
●	 Simplified	outage	communication	through	SMS	and	
Email,	streamlining	customer	complaint	management,	and	
introducing	a	Crisis	Severity	Matrix	for	effective	crisis	
management
Our transformation towards touch-free operations 
We	aim	to	achieve	100%	touch-free	operations	and	are	implementing	digital	transformation	initiatives	leveraging	the 	
technologies	below:
Process-driven	via	Robotic	
Process	Automation	(RPA)
Data-driven 
via	AI/ML
Proactive	detection	&	
self-healing in cybersecurity
Energy 
efficiency
Development	Security	&	
Operations	(DevSecOps)
Improving Service Levels, Resilience, and Recovery
CelcomDigi	embraces	modern	IT	tools	and	technologies,	such	as	AI	and	cloud-based	solutions	to	enhance	efficiency 	and	improve	
business	agility,	especially	during	outages	and	crises.

---- Page 34 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
65
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review64
Who We Are
Manufactured Capital
Connecting with our customers through our digital and physical touchpoints
Our	aim	is	to	provide	quality	customer	experiences	through	our	extensive	distribution	network,	which	includes	both	physical	and	
digital	customer	touchpoints.
Our	dedicated	customer	service	team	is	committed	to	providing	personalised	and	 valuable	customer	service	experiences	at	our	
retail	stores	and	through	engagements	via	our	contact	centre,	mobile	applications,	and	online	channels.	 We	monitor
ongoing	customer	issues	on	service	quality	and	actively	implement	solutions	to	close	the	feedback	loop	 with	customers	and	
deliver	a	strong	quality	of	experience.
Largest retail network in m alaysia 
12,000+
retailing touchpoints
8.9 million users
on	Celcom	Life	and	MyDigi	apps
400+
branded stores
n ew CelcomDigi
Online Store
launched	7	April	2023
Cross-selling 
of Celcom and Digi products available 
at all stores
Celcom Bluecubes and Digi Stores 
open 365 days a year
69.7% CSAT* score
with	a	+3.9pp	improvement
30% 	reduction	of	physical	Point	of	
Sale	Materials	(POSM)	towards	waste	
reduction
Multiple	touchpoints	such	as	CS	helpline,	Apps,	Live	Chat,	
chatbot,	messaging,	and	online	stores
Customer	Service	Ticketing	solution	to	reduce	wait	time	
and to track status of enquiry
CelcomDigi mobile plans available in 
all retail stores
Notes:
a)	 *CSAT	score	has	been	independently	assured	by	SIRIM	QAS	International
b)	 CSAT	score	calculated	based	on	monthly	average	scores	from	August	-	December	2023,	post	harmonisation	of	scoring	methodologies.	Only	contact	
centre scores are accounted
Intellectual Capital
Intellectual Capital
Our approach
Looking ahead
CelcomDigi	remains	competitive	by	having	diversified	and	reliable	product	portfolios.	 We	are	committed	to	advancing	service	
innovations	beyond	connectivity	to	enrich	our	customers’	expanding	digital	lifestyle	needs.	Our	long-standing	commitment	
to	operating	responsibly	and	our	values	and	robust	internal	controls	resulted	in	strong	ESG	performance,	as	benchmarked	by 	
independent	rating	agencies	and	sustainability	indices.
We	have	a	greater	role	to	play	in	advancing	the	nation	towards	being	digitally	competent,	in	safeguarding	and	strengthening	
our	network	by	deploying	advanced	cybersecurity	tools,	and	in	continuing	to	advocate	for	safe	internet	practices	to	protect	our	
customers	from	emerging	cybersecurity	threats.
Guiding Factors
material matters Strategic Pillars
G1 e C1G2 S1G3 S5
key inputs in 2023 Outputs
●	 New	CelcomDigi	brand	proposition	focusing	on	
digitalisation,	innovation,	and	trust
●	 Unified	range	of	customer-focused	connectivity	and	digital	
solutions
●	 Strategic	partnerships	to	accelerate	innovation	and	
develop tech ecosystem
●	 Robust	governance	policies
●	 Comprehensive	data	protection	and	security	governance
●	 Advancing	our	reputation	as	a	trusted	brand
●	 Leading	all	segments	with	enhanced	4G,	5G,	and	home	&	
fibre	offerings	
●	 Enabling	digital	inclusion	for	underserved	communities
●	 Accelerating	business	and	SME	digitalisation
●	 Pursuing	strategic	partnerships	for	new	growth	
opportunities
●	 Strong	governance	and	robust	internal	controls	
●	 Tightening	data	protection	and	cybersecurity	controls
We	will	continue	to	curate	products	and	services	that	offer 	best-value	deals	and	bundles	for	all	segments	and	walks	of	life.	To	
drive	uptake	of	5G	technology	across	Malaysia,	we	will	develop	inclusive	and	affordable	bundled	plans	to	cater 	for	a	wider	group	
of	customers	and	to	address	industry-specific	needs.	In	parallel,	positive	customer 	experiences	and	engagements	will	strengthen	
CelcomDigi’s	brand	affinity.
unSDGs
●	 Introduce	affordable	and	inclusive	products	and	services
●	 Drive	uptake	of	5G,	AI,	and	emerging	technologies	to	address	industry-specific	needs
●	 Advance	data	protection	practices	to	safeguard	customers	against	cybersecurity	threats
●	 Complete	Privacy	Control	Framework	implementation	for	all	high-risk	data	processing	functions

---- Page 35 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
67
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review66
Who We Are
Intellectual Capital
Advancing our reputation as a trusted brand 
Leading all segments with enhanced 4g, 5g, and home & fibre offerings
Our	new	CelcomDigi	brand	reflects	the	company’s	aspiration	to	be	our 	customers’	and	the	nation’s	trusted	partner	in	innovation	
and	digitalisation.	It	builds	on	our	brand	spirit	–	‘Creating	a	world	inspired	by	you’	–	to	embody	three	fundamental	principles:	
dynamism,	passion	for	customers,	and	excellence.
Our	consistent	performance	in	embedding	ESG	practices	in	our 	business	and	raising	standards	in	Malaysia	has	enhanced	our 	
reputation	as	a	responsible	business	leader.	This	is	a	reflection	of	our	stakeholders’	continued	confidence	in	our	ability	to	create	
shared	value	for	the	long-term.	This	year,	we	established	our	ESG	strategy	to	sharpen	our	focus	on	material	matters	that	will	
improve	our	sustainability	performance	towards	securing	a	sustainable	future. 	
Corporate brand
introduced	19	October	2023
MSA Awards
1	Silver	and	1	Bronze		
Putra Brand Awards | The People’s Choice 
Gold	(Celcom)	and	Silver	(Digi)	for	Communication	Networks
Bursa malaysia Index
Member of ESG indices
Within	the	Top	25	percentile
eSg Risk Rating
Ranked
Low-Medium	Risk
mSCI eSg Rating
Ranked A
The edge malaysia eSg Awards 2023
Gold	Award	for	Telecommunications	
&	Media	Sector
20.6
Million
Total Subscribers
131,000
Fibre & Wireless 
Subscribers
CelcomDigi 5G
High-Speed
Internet Passes
CelcomDigi 5G
Home WiFi
for	unlimited	wireless	5G	broadband
CelcomDigi u nlimited 
5G Internet
Roaming Passes
1st	in	Malaysia	
Fibre-to-the-Room (FTTR)
packages
CelcomDigi
Postpaid
5G
Read	more	about	our	customer	experience	management	in	Manufactured	Capital,	page	64.
•	 Enhanced	4G	and	5G	offerings	for	all	segments	-	on-the-go,	at	home,	and	roaming	services	bundled	 with	digital	services,	
and other value-added services
•	 Greater	5G-enabled	connectivity	experiences,	with	unified	CelcomDigi	Postpaid	5G	and	high-speed	internet	passes	 with	
5G	for	value-seeking	customers
•	 Best	fibre-mobile	convergence	offers	and	simplified	customer	experience,	with	add-on	home	entertainment,	gaming,	smart 	
home	IoT,	digital,	and	home	security	services
Intellectual Capital
enabling digital inclusion for underserved communities
Accelerating business and Sme digitalisation
Pursuing strategic partnerships for new growth opportunities
We	are	expanding	our	portfolio	of	affordable	connectivity	and	device	bundles	to	ensure	access	for	all,	in	collaboration	with	the	
industry	and	the	government.	
CelcomDigi	continues	to	deliver	new	and	innovative	products	and	services	catering	to	MSMEs	and	SMEs,	and	large	enterprises 	
to	further	digitalise	their	operations.	Our	extensive	range	of	offerings	enables	businesses	to	integrate	digital	solutions	across 	
different	aspects	of	their	operations,	and	leverage	new	technology	innovations	to	accelerate	their	overall	productivity.
Pakej Rahmah
affordable	bundles	
with	5G-enabled	
devices
Pakej mega 
Jimat
mobile	offering	
programme with 
device
Pakej Perpaduan 
(Prepaid)
with	6-months	validity	for	
senior	citizens,	PWDs,	veterans,	
B40	families,	and	youths
Fibre
broadband
(30mbps)	for	only	
RM69/month	in	
Sabah
easy360
device installment or 
ownership programme
DHL initiates malaysia’s first 
5g-powered Artificial Intelligence 
(AI) Autonomous Inventory 
management System, 
supported	by	CelcomDigi’s	5G	connectivity	and	
4G	LTE	network
My5G Ce O Series 
to	accelerate	5G	adoption	across	
businesses by providing insights to 
industry captains on advantages of 
5G,	robotics,	and	AI-powered	tech
My5G SMe Digital 
workshops
and	over	250	other	
engagements with 
Malaysian businesses
Highlights of new business digitalisation and innovation initiatives in 2023
•	 Enhanced	portfolio	of	connectivity	solutions	for	
businesses	with	Fibre-to-the-Office	(FTTO),	Fixed	
Wireless	Access	(FWA),	supported	by	new	CelcomDigi	
Postpaid	5G	packages
•	 Broadened	range	of	digital	solutions	in	Fixed	Mobile	
Convergence,	Cloud,	Software-as-a-service,	IoT	and	M2M,	
and	Cybersecurity,	to	drive	business	digitalisation	for 	
enhanced	operational	efficiency	
•	 Developed	new	5G,	robotics,	and	AI	solutions	to	enable	
digital	transformation	of	enterprises	across	different	
industry sectors
•	 Increased	SME	awareness	on	digitalisation	benefits,	and	
drove thought leadership on emerging technologies with 
strategic	partners	to	inspire	industry-scale	transformation
•	 Facilitated	the	deployment	of	the	PENJANA	Digitalisation	
Grant	and	Geran	Digital	PMKS	Madani	(GDPM)	to	help 	
SMEs	fast-track	their	digitalisation	journey
CelcomDigi	is	in	a	good	position	to	attract	partnerships	 with	local	and	global	technology	companies	to	invest	and	drive	
digitalisation,	innovation,	and	sustainable	growth.
In	2023,	we	established	the	CelcomDigi	Innovation	Centre	with	the	aim	to	create	value	to	the	core,	leveraging	local	and	global	
partnerships	to	bring	in	the	best	of	5G,	AI,	and	IoT	technology.	Our	aim	is	to	catalyse	and	nurture	a	knowledge-based	 workforce,	
in	line	with	Malaysia's	digital	aspirations.	Local	digital	startups	 will	also	be	able	to	benefit	from	the	platform	to	enhance	their 	
technology	and	innovation	capabilities.	CelcomDigi	will	invest	up	to	RM250	million	over	five	years	in	the	Innovation	Centre,	in	
order	to	keep	Malaysia	at	the	forefront	of	the	global	digital	evolution.


---- Page 36 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
69
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review68
Who We Are
Intellectual Capital
Pursuing strategic partnerships for new growth opportunities (Continued)
Strong governance and robust internal controls
We	initiated	four	partnerships	in	the	year	to	explore	innovations	in	the	areas	of	Metaverse,	5G,	AI,	and	green	technology.
Governance	is	vital	in	fostering	a	culture	of	integrity,	ethical	behaviour,	and	professionalism	to	ensure	business	excellence.	Our 	
policies	are	aligned	with	applicable	laws	and	regulations,	and	corporate	governance	best	practices,	fundamental	for 	sustainable	
value	creation	for	all	stakeholder	groups.		
Code of Conduct
•	 Outlines	the	obligations	and	principles	of	operating	the	business	responsibly,	built	upon	best	practices	brought	forward 	
from	Celcom	and	Digi.
•	 Sets	our	expectations	for	employees	to	behave	transparently	and	honestly	in	aspects	of	anti-corruption	and	conflicts	of	
interest,	among	other	matters.
•	 All	policies	and	manuals,	as	approved	by	our	Board,	are	aligned	with	the	requirements	prescribed	by	the	Code	of	Conduct.
whistleblowing Policy
•	 Outlines	the	procedures	for	employees	to	report	
incidents	of	misconduct	in	violation	of	our	governance	
policies,	including	our	Code	of	Conduct	and	Anti-
Corruption	Policy.
Compliance Programme
•	 A	programme	designed	to	safeguard	and	strengthen	
integrity	within	the	organisation,	in	alignment	with	
the standards and requirements of the Guidelines 
on	Adequate	Procedures,	published	by	the	Prime	
Minister’s	Office	of	Malaysia.
exploring future internet technology with 
Sk T elecom,	South	Korea’s	leading	wireless	
telecommunications	operator,	to	develop	
Malaysia’s	first	operator-led	mobile	Metaverse	
platform	leveraging	5G	and	AI	capabilities
Developing immersive learning solutions with 
vIRneCT,	a	Korea-based	technology 	company	
that specialises in the development and 
commercialisation	of	industrial	extended	reality	
(XR)	solutions,	to	explore	experiential	learning	and 	
education	with	certification	for	students	using	
Metaverse,	for	Malaysian	universities
Driving green technology adoption with Yinson 
Holdings Berhad,	a	global	energy	infrastructure	
and	technology	company,	to	develop	innovative	
electric	vehicle	(EV)	services	and	infrastructure	for	
Malaysian	consumers,	driving	EV	and	green	energy	
adoption	in	the	country
Co-creating IR4.0 solutions with leading global 
technology giants,	SoftBank	Corp	and	Sumitomo’s	
SC-NEX,	leveraging	AI,	robotics,	and	analytics	
solutions	to	accelerate	the	digitalisation	of	
Malaysian enterprises Tightening data protection and cybersecurity controls
As	digital	interactions	become	more	essential	to	our 	daily	lives,	customers	are	increasingly	concerned	about	data	protection	and	
cybersecurity	risks.	We	strive	to	strengthen	our	internal	controls,	cultivate	a	responsible	business	culture	through	employee 	
education	on	good	data	and	security	stewardship,	elevate	industry	practices,	and	public	awareness	on	this	topic.
As	a	responsible	business,	we	ensure	continuous	compliance	with	legal	and	regulatory	requirements	by	regularly	reviewing	our	
data	protection	policies	and	practices,	and	are	committed	to	making	sure	our 	customers’	privacy	rights	are	always	respected.
Strong governance and robust internal controls (Continued)
Read	more	about	our	OneCompliance	programme	in	‘Statement	on	Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control’, 	
page	118.
Consistently improving the monitoring of governance risks across our value chain
●	 Harmonised	Anti-Corruption	Risk	Registers	from	Celcom	and	Digi	and	identified	the	top	10	potential	corruption	risks
●	 Monitored	our	activities	for	the	second	line	of	defence	(for	business	partner	management,	and	sponsorship	and	donation	
processes)
●	 Assessed	corruption	risks	on	all	business	partners	via	the	Coupa	Risk	Assess	platform	to	effectively	manage	our	supply	chain	risks
●	 All	CelcomDigi	business	partners	are	required	to	sign	the	Agreement	of	Responsible	Business	Conduct	(ABC)	which	includes	
anti-corruption	clauses	and	requirements
●	 Periodic	Corruption	Risk	Assessment	conducted	based	on	the	requirements	of	the	Code	of	Conduct	and	Anti-Corruption	Policy
Intellectual Capital
In	2023,	we	developed	several	controls	and	guidelines	to	manage	personal	data	more	effectively:
•	 Privacy	Control	Framework,	which	is	in	compliance	with	the	requirements	of	the	Personal	Data	Protection	Act	and	best	
practices	in	collecting,	processing,	and	storing	data
•	 Privacy	Incident	Management	Manual,	Incident	Response	Team	(IRT),	and	Crisis	Management	Team	(CMT)	to	assess	and	
manage	incidents	systematically
•	 Periodic	cybersecurity	risk	assessments	conducted	with	compliance	checking	according	to	ISO27001	standards
•	 Roundtables	and	forums	involving	multi-industry	data	professionals	on	the	scope	of	privacy	challenges	in	the	digital	age,	AI	
governance,	compliance,	and	human	rights
Our Data Protection Practices
CelcomDigi	is	responsible	for	ensuring	customers’	personal	data	is	processed	according	to	our	Privacy	Notice(s)	and	applicable	laws.
CelcomDigi collects your personal 
data to improve on our services 
to	you.
Access to personal data within 
systems	or	applications	is	restricted	
to	authorised	employees	only.
CelcomDigi ensures your
personal data is safe and secure
at	all	times.
Data Collection Data Access Data Security 
Sharing of personal data is only 
limited to our approved business 
partners	to	fulfil	the	provision	of	
our	services.
CelcomDigi does not store 
your personal data longer than 
necessary.
Customers have the right to 
access and correct their personal 
data,	as	well	as	opt	out	from	
receiving	marketing	messages.
Data Sharing Data Retention & Deletion Individual Rights
We	remain	committed	to	continuously	uphold	high	corporate	ethics	and	integrity	standards.	
Read more about our business governance policies at https://corporate.celcomdigi.com/company/governance.

---- Page 37 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
71
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review70
Who We Are
Intellectual Capital
Tightening data protection and cybersecurity controls (Continued)
Active engagements with our Stakeholders
We	recognise	the	importance	of	continuous	engagement	with	employees,	government	agencies,	the	private	sector,	industry 	
partners,	and	the	media	to	keep	ahead	of	the	development	of	data	protection	efforts	and	share	best	practices	in	raising	standards 	
within	the	sector.	These	engagements	also	help	in	constructing	better 	policy-making	and	collective	actions.	
Read	more	about	our	stakeholders	in	Key	Relationships,	pages	45	to	47.
Business Continuity m anagement System (BCmS)
We	implement	robust	BCMS	practices	to	ensure	operational	reliability 	and	to	strengthen	our	ability	to	deliver	products	and	
services	credibly	to	our	customers	even	during	unforeseen	disruptions	to	the	business.	Our 	practices	have	been	accredited	in	
accordance	with	internationally	recognised	standards	such	as	the	BCMS	ISO22301:2019	of 	the	British	Standards	Institution	(BSI)	
in	2021.	We	continuously	undertake	the	required	audits	to	maintain	the	accreditation	on	an	annual	basis.
85%  of Privacy Control 
Framework implemented for high-
risk	data	processing	functions
Over 700  employees and 450  
customer care agents trained on 
the Privacy Control Framework
Data Breach and Ransomware 
Crisis simulation  to measure preparedness 
to	respond	and	take	corrective	action
Convened	our	inaugural	Trust	Circle	forum,	
connecting	privacy	and	data	protection	experts	
from	multi-sectors	including	regulators,	
telecommunications,	banking	and	finance,	
energy,	and	academic	institutions.	Discussions	
encompassed emerging macro trends in privacy 
laws and data governance strategies to create a 
trusted	ecosystem	for	Malaysians.
Hosted	a	fireside	chat	with	the	Malaysian	
International	Association	of	Privacy	Professionals	
(IAPP)	at	its	KnowledgeNet	Meeting	2023.	Panelists	
discussed	the	potential	amendments	to	Malaysia’s	
PDPA	2010	and	changes	that	will	reshape	the	
framework	of	data	privacy	in	the	country.
CelcomDigi	in	partnership	with	the	CEO	Action	
Network organised a forum on ‘Trust and 
Cybersecurity’	for	all	its	members.	We	shared	
our	approach	of	equipping	the	nation	towards	
better	digital	competencies,	building	resilient	
network and systems to safeguard our business 
and	customers	from	emerging	threats.
Participated	in	a	roundtable	organised	by	Taylor’s	
Law	School	discussing	the	emergence	of	AI	and	
data risks as an increasing theme in Malaysia and 
ASEAN,	and	the	need	to	regulate	digital	laws	with	
uniformity	between	countries.
Human Capital
Human Capital
Our approach
Looking ahead
We	recognise	the	importance	of	adopting	an	agile	people	strategy	and	talent	value	proposition	to	meet	the	changing	needs	of	our	
workforce	in	a	rapidly	evolving	telecommunications	industry.
As	we	strive	to	become	a	telco-tech	company,	we	need	skilled	professionals	with	the	right	competencies	to	help	us	realise	this 	
vision.	We	are	committed	to	fostering	a	diverse,	productive,	and	sustainable	 workforce	to	support	our	company’s	growth.	We	
believe	in	empowering	our	employees	to	reach	their	full	potential	and	creating	an	environment	that	motivates	and	inspires	them	to 	
grow	individually	and	as	a	team.
key inputs in 2023 Outputs
●	 Developed	next-generation	talent	programmes	and	
offered	internal	job	mobility	options	to	create	more	
avenues for career advancement
●	 Advocated	for	diversity	and	inclusion	and	prioritised	
employees’ well-being
●	 Organised	company-wide	engagement	events	like	
CDlympics and Customer Engagement Day
●	 Refreshed	our	workspaces	in	all	our	regional	campuses	
●	 Launched	our	OneCompliance	programme
●	 Establishing	one	unified	workforce	
•	 Building	a	diverse,	inclusive,	and	responsible	workforce
•	 Nurturing	industry-best	talents
•	 Focusing	efforts	on	collaboration	and	engagement	
•	 Building	a	healthy	and	safe	workplace	environment
CelcomDigi	aims	to	have	top	telco-tech,	digital,	technical,	and	commercial	talents	by 	rebuilding	core	competencies	to	ensure	
employees	have	comprehensive	skill	sets	to	meet	current	and	future	business	needs.	 We	want	to	establish	CelcomDigi	as	the	best	
place	for	our	people	to	advance	their	careers	and	aspire	to	become	a	leading	employer	brand	in	Malaysia.	
Guiding Factors
material matters Strategic Pillars unSDGs
G3 S3S1 S4S2
●	 Prioritising	progressive	workplace	policies,	strengthening	our	CelcomDigi	culture,	and	building	positive	employee	
experiences
●	 Advancing	speak-up	culture,	fair	treatment,	diversity,	inclusion,	and	becoming	a	leading	ESG	practitioner
●	 Policies	to	be	governed	by	a	comprehensive	Employee	Handbook	and	Code	of	Conduct	(COC)
●	 Succession	pipeline	for	leadership	roles	and	a	robust	pool	of	key	talents	–	training	the	next	10/100/1,000	leaders	and 	
employees

---- Page 38 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
73
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review72
Who We Are
Human Capital
establishing one unified workforce
Building a diverse, inclusive, and responsible workforce
After	the	merger,	our	top	priority	was	to	integrate	our	people	and	build	a	unique,	winning	CelcomDigi	culture.	To	achieve	this,	
we	have	made	various	efforts	to	simplify	and	unify	our	people	policies	and	processes,	drawing	from	the	best	practices	of 	both	
organisations.	This	has	helped	us	to	facilitate	a	seamless	integration	process	and	establish	a	solid	base	for 	our	future	growth	and	
success.
Having	a	diverse	and	inclusive	workforce	is	essential	to	serving	our	customer	base	effectively.	It	allows	for	a	rich	blend	of	
viewpoints,	competencies,	and	backgrounds,	giving	us	a	competitive	edge	in	the	market.	 Anchored	in	our	commitment	to	
responsible	business	conduct,	we	also	believe	it	is	pivotal	to	ingrain	a	culture	rooted	in	honesty,	integrity,	and	accountability 	to	
cultivate	ethical	behaviour	to	build	a	trusted	brand.
new organisation structure and 
development focus
Harmonisation of rewards
and benefits 
Deployment of unified
HR systems
●	 Focused	on	establishing	a	new	
organisation	structure	and	job	
alignment to provide development 
opportunities	for	existing	
employees.
●	 Hired	new	resources	for	integration	
projects	and	critical	roles.
●	 Established	leadership	forums	
for	Top	400	leaders	to	provide	
clear guidance and alignment on 
company	priorities.
●	 Successfully	aligned	employee	
rewards	and	benefits	across	
the	organisation,	covering	
medical	benefits,	leave,	and	EPF	
entitlements.
●	 Ensured	consistency	and	fairness	
in	rewarding	and	remunerating	our	
employees	for	their	contributions.
●	 This	contributed	to	the	successful	
people	integration	efforts,	
including	facilitating	the	new	
organisation	structure,	the	rollout	
of	a	new	job	architecture,	and	a	
new performance management 
framework.
Prioritising DeI
●	 Diversity,	equity,	and	inclusion	(DEI)	are	embedded	in	our	culture	and	way	of	work.
●	 Our	People	Policy	and	our	Diversity,	Equity,	and	Inclusion	Manual	guide	us	to	ensure	equal	opportunity 	and	representation	
for	all.
●	 Implement	DEI	principles	in	all	our	decision-making	processes.
CelcomDigi	continues	to	be	included	in	the	2023	Bloomberg	Gender-Equality 	Index	(GEI).	This	index	
recognises	companies	that	are	committed	to	transparency 	in	gender	reporting	and	advancing	gender	
equity	in	the	workplace	quality	Index	(GEI).
This	placed	CelcomDigi	among	484	companies	from	45	countries	 worldwide	that	had	excellent	
scores	in	achieving	and	adopting	best-in-class	diverse,	equitable,	and	inclusive	decision-making 	
policies	and	practices.	This	recognition	is	a	testament	to	our	workplace	culture,	where	differences	
are	celebrated	and	talents,	regardless	of	background,	are	empowered	with	the	same	opportunities.
For	more	information	on	our	approach	towards	Diversity	and	Inclusion,	visit
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/diversity_inclusion.pdf
Human Capital
Building a diverse, inclusive, and responsible workforce (Continued)
Our workforce
Breakdown by gender and category 
T otal employees:
3,655
Male:	
1,900
(52%)
Female:	
1,755 
(48%)
CelcomDigi Management
(CXOs)
Male:	
10
(85%)
Female:	
2 
(15%)
CelcomDigi Leadership
(T op 100 leaders)
Male:	
60
(59%)
Female:	
41 
(41%)
Breakdown by age and category 
CelcomDigi employees CelcomDigi Management (CXOs) CelcomDigi Leadership (T op 100 leaders) 
<30 years 193 0 0
30-39 years 1,137 0 13
40-50 years 1,485 3 49 
>50 years 727 9 39 
Integrating the Code of Conduct into our way of work
●	 Launched	the	OneCompliance	programme,	designed	to	safeguard	and	strengthen	integrity	within	the	organisation,	guided	
by	applicable	laws	and	regulations,	and	global	best	practices.
●	 Continuous	efforts	to	internalise	our	Code	of	Conduct	through	OneCompliance,	including	implementing	e-learning 	
initiatives	to	ensure	employees	understand	and	commit	to	our 	ethical	standards.
		More	about	our	OneCompliance	programme	can	be	found	on	page	118.
100% employee completion
Compliance Awareness and Training on 
three	core	modules	-	Code	of	Conduct,	
Anti-Corruption*,	and	Conflict	of	Interest
100% employee pass rate 
Year-end Compliance assessment
Continuous education
Regional roadshows and 
monthly	awareness	newsletters
Notes:
a)	 *	%	of 	employees	receiving	training	on	Anti-Corruption	module	has	been	independently 	assured	by	SIRIM	QAS	International
b)	 Based	on	employees	in	active	employment	as	of 	3	October	2023	(Accorded	date	for	all	employees	to	complete	the	module)
c)	 Includes	permanent,	contract,	and	outsourced	employees

---- Page 39 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
75
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review74
Who We Are
Human Capital
Building a diverse, inclusive, and responsible workforce (Continued)
nurturing industry-best talents
encouraging a Speak-Up culture
•	 Actively	promote	a	speak-up	culture	through	our	Integrity	Hotline,	which	is	managed	independently	by	a	3rd	party	and	
hosted	on	the	Speeki	platform	to	maintain	anonymity.
•	 All	employees,	business	partners,	and	stakeholders	are	encouraged	to	report	any	unlawful	or	unethical	situations,	breaches,	
and	violations	of	CelcomDigi’s	Code	of	Conduct,	Agreement	of	Responsible	Business	Conduct,	and	Supplier	Conduct	
Principles,	and	are	accorded	protection	in	line	with	CelcomDigi’s	Whistleblowing	Policy.
For	more	information	on	our	approach	towards	Compliance,	visit	
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/compliance.pdf
Speak-Up	awareness	roadshows:	
>1,600 employees engaged  
As	Malaysia’s	largest	telecommunications	company,	we	aspire	to	be	a	talent	powerhouse	and	provide	a	space	for	rising	talents	to	
collaborate	and	deliver	the	most	compelling	innovations	for	our	industry	and	nation.	We	are	focused	on	fostering	an	environment	
that	attracts	and	retains	high-performing	talents	while	encouraging	continuous	development	and	upskilling	digital	competencies.
Unveiled new performance and development framework
●	 Framework	encompasses	goal	setting,	performance	
reviews,	and	development	planning.
●	 Employees	are	encouraged	to	have	regular	development	
conversations	with	managers	and	track	their	progress	
through	performance	reviews.
Succession planning for leadership positions
●	 Initiated	programmes	to	develop	core	competencies	and	
succession	planning	framework	for	leadership	roles.
Launched core competency programme
●	 Programme	aligned	to	the	organisation’s	strategic	
ambitions	to	equip	employees	with	the	necessary	skill	
sets	to	meet	present	and	future	business	needs.
Achieved 90% completion	rate	on	our	Core	
Competency	Learning	Programme,	hosted	on	Fuse
Access to learning platforms 
●	 Empowered	employees	with	opportunities	through	online	
platforms	like	Fuse,	LinkedIn	Learning,	and	Coursera.
●	 Organised	Learning	Day	2023,	showcasing	interactive	
booths	and	mini	workshops.
Learning	Day	2023:	
~540 	employees	participated
employee learning hours
Average for 
male employee 
15.9 hours
Average for 
female employee 
12.2 hours
Average for 
management 
12.9 hours
Average for 
non-management 
14.1 hours
T otal learning hours: 65,404 hours* 
Notes:
a)	 *	Total	employee	learning	hours	has	been	independently	assured	by	SIRIM	QAS	International
b)	 Based	on	 total	employees	under	active	employment	as	of	31	December	2023	
c)	 Includes	permanent,	contract,	and	outsourced	employees
Human Capital
Focusing efforts on collaboration and engagement
We	strive	to	be	the	preferred	employer	by	promoting	positive	employee	experiences	in	an	engaging,	collaborative,	innovative,	and 	
efficient	environment.	Through	strong	partnerships	with	our	employees,	we	want	to	create	a	work	environment	and	culture	where	
CDzens	feel	valued,	supported,	and	inspired	to	contribute	their 	best	work.		
Creating conducive, collaborative workspaces
●	 Post-merger,	we	focused	on	co-locating	employees,	and	enhancing	amenities,	including	introducing	recreational	facilities. 	
●	 This	is	to	accelerate	people	integration,	encourage	engagement,	and	strengthen	collaboration	between	employees.
Organising frequent, transparent communication through various platforms
●	 Regular	information	sharing	on	business	performance	and 	
organisation	updates	to	our	leaders	and	employees	through	
various	channels	like	weekly	CDM	meetings,	monthly	
leadership	forums,	company-wide	and	division	townhalls, 	 
CEO	updates,	HR	sessions,	and	more.
Achieving a 60% 	participation	rate	in	an	internal	pulse	
survey,	along	with	activities	like	Skip	Level	Conversations	
and	townhalls,	to	address	employee	sentiments
Focused efforts on employee engagement activities
●	 Placed	importance	on	collaboration	and	unity	among	employees	through	initiatives	like	teambuildings,	festive	celebrations,	and	
thematic	events	such	as	CDlympics,	Customer	Engagement	Day,	and	International	Women’s	Day	celebrations.	
●	 These	efforts	foster	a	‘Stronger	Together’	and	‘Customer	Obsessed’	mindset,	promoting	inclusivity,	resilience,	and	
camaraderie.
CDlympics
A	two-month-long	company-wide	initiative	engaging 	
>3,600	employees	in	a	fun,	creative	way	to	build	a	unique	
CD	culture	through	sportsmanship,	teamwork,	and	friendly 	
competition,	while	fostering	integration,	engagement,	
and	collaboration
Customer engagement Day
This inaugural event was a big moment for the company 
as	>3,600	employees	hit	the	streets	across	Malaysia	to	
connect with customers and promote the company’s 
new	brand,	5G	plans,	and	home	&	fibre	offerings.	It	was	
also an opportunity for employees to gather valuable 
feedback	and	insights	from	customers	firsthand
Support labour rights and standards
●	 Our	commitment	to	conducting	our	business	in	a	manner	
that	respects	the	rights	and	dignity	of	all	groups	of	people,	
including	employees,	entails	complying	with	all	applicable	
regulations	and	laws.
●	 Freedom	of	Association	and	Collective	Bargaining:	
-	 Acknowledges	collective	bargaining	as	a	fundamental	
labour	right	that	enables	employees	to	organise,	form	
unions,	and	negotiate	with	employers	to	protect	their	
interests.	
-	 Our	Employee	Relations	team	engages	with	Unions	through	
regular	dialogue	sessions	and	facilitates	quarterly	meetings	
with	Management.	
-	 Employees	can	express	concerns,	offer	suggestions,	and	
influence	decisions	shaping	the	organisation’s	future.	This	
empowerment	allows	the	company	to	realise	its	ambitions	
while	prioritising	the	welfare	of	its	employees.
2 unions under CelcomDigi
National	Union	of	Telecommunications	Employees	
(NUTE)	and	Digi	Telecommunications	Sdn	Bhd	
Employees	Union	(DGEU)
81 employees
fall	within	scope	of	representation
For	more	information	on	our	approach	
towards	Labour	Rights	and	Standards,	
visit https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.
com/human_rights.pdf

---- Page 40 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
77
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review76
Who We Are
Human Capital
Building a healthy and safe workplace environment
We	are	dedicated	to	creating	a	workplace	culture	that	prioritises	the	health,	safety,	and	 wellbeing	of	employees	at	all	levels.	Our	
goal	is	to	continuously	improve	and	reach	higher	levels	of	proactive	safety	culture,	and	we	benchmark	our	performance	against	the	
Hudson	Safety	Culture	Maturity	Model*.	
*The	Hudson	Safety	Culture	Maturity	Model	is	a	framework	that	assesses	and	improves	organisational	safety	culture.	It	evaluates	safety	
practices	across	various	stages,	guiding	companies	towards	forming	a	mature	and	proactive	safety	culture.
GeneRATIve 
HSE is how we do business
PROACTIve
Safety	leadership	and	values	drive	continuous	improvement
CALCuLATIve
We	have	systems	in	place	to	manage	all	hazards
ReACTIve  
Safety	is	important	-	we	do	a	lot	every	time	we	have	an	accident
P ATHOLOGICAL  
Who cares as long as we’re not caught
InCReASInGL y
InFORMeD
InCReASInG TR uST & 
ACCOunTABILITy
Integration of Occupational Safety & Health (OSH) within business activity
●	 Recognised	that	making	OSH	a	core	practice	within	the	organisation	can	reduce	accidents,	improve	employee	 wellbeing,	
and	enhance	overall	productivity.	
●	 Ramped	up	our	efforts	to	develop	competencies	and	reinforce	safety	practices:	
-	 Management	and	Senior	Leadership:	
	Underwent	training	in	Hazard	Identification,	Risk	 Assessment	and	Risk	Control	(HIRARC)	to	handle	health,	safety,	and 	
environmental	incidents	effectively.
	Prioritised	discussion	on	OSH	in	meetings	and	townhall	sessions. 	
	Inspected	workplace	safety	conditions	of	all	our	premises.	
-	 Emergency	response	teams	and	committees:	
	Underwent	relevant	competency	training,	such	as	Basic	Occupational	First	Aid,	CPR	&	AED,	and	Fire	Fighter	Training.
-	 Employees:	
	OSH	module	included	in	new	joiner’s	onboarding	programme.	
	Implemented	comprehensive	OSH	training	modules,	covering	HIRARC,	emergency 	response,	and	incident	reporting.	
	Organised	various	OSH-related	event,	such	as	Health	&	Safety	Week	and	Mental	Wellbeing	Day,	to	create	awareness	
and	promote	employee	wellness.
Human Capital
Building a healthy and safe workplace environment (Continued)
Integration of Occupational Safety & Health (OSH) within business activity (Continued)
Training no. of participants/Completion rate
60 OSH-related training sessions conducted ~800 employees
Occupational Safety and Health Coordinator (OSH-C) 92 employees
General First Aiders 68 employees
Mental Health First Aiders 59 employees
OSH and Wellbeing e-learning 100% completion
0.14*
Lost	Time	Injury	Frequency	(LTIF)
rate recorded
0
Fatalities	recorded
6,967
Total Health and 
Safety training hours 
Strengthening OSH governance and monitoring
●	 Prioritise	compliance	of	relevant	OSH	laws,	regulations,	
and	standards.
●	 Established	mechanisms	to	ensure	ongoing	compliance	
monitoring	and	reporting.
●	 Efforts	we	have	undertaken:	
-	 Implemented	new	OSH	Management	System	(OSHMS)	
based	on	ISO45001:2018*.
-	 Extended	ISO14001	&	ISO45001	certification	to	
include	CelcomDigi’s	key	premises.
-	 Utilised	ISO19011	Internal	Auditor	training	to	
proficiently	conduct	internal	audits	of	OSH	and	
Environmental	management	systems.
-	 Established	workplace	safety	inspection	programmes.
-	 314	OSH	workplace	assessment	completed.
Notes:
*ISO45001:2018	is	an	international	standard	for 	occupational	
health	and	safety	management	systems	that	provides	a	
framework	for	organisations	to	identify,	control,	and	reduce	the	
risk	associated	with	workplace	hazards
●	 By	obtaining	the	certification,	CelcomDigi	demonstrates	that	
all	our	premises	and	sites	meet	the	international	standards	
for safety and health performance
●	 The	framework	enables	us	to	identify	and	control	potential	
risks,	enabling	us	to	develop	a	plan	to	reduce	these	risks	and	
create	a	safer	workplace	environment	for	employees
Notes:
a)	 *LTIF	rate	has	been	independently	assured	by	SIRIM	QAS	International
b)	 Includes	permanent	and	contract	employees	only
c)	 Number	of	worked	hours	in	the	year	exclude	employee	leaves
For	more	information	on	our	approach	towards	Occupational	Safety,	Health,	and	Wellbeing,	visit
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/health_safety_wellbeing.pdf

---- Page 41 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
79
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review78
Who We Are
natural Capital
n atural Capital
Our approach
Looking ahead
CelcomDigi	is	committed	to	achieving	a	low-carbon	pathway 	in	our	operations	and	supply	chain.	The	mobile	telecommunications	
industry	has	already	demonstrated	leadership	with	a	focus	on	investment,	innovation,	and	efficiency,	resulting	in	substantial 	
carbon	reductions	both	for	ourselves	and	for	the	sectors	we	enable.	The	continued	development	of	connected	technologies	
enables	low-carbon	innovation	in	many	other	sectors	and	societies.
As	Malaysia	commits	to	advancing	environmental	responsibility,	 we	will	incorporate	more	ambitious	climate	targets	and	mitigation 	
strategies	across	our	value	chain.	We	aspire	to	align	ourselves	with	clearly	defined	climate	reduction	pathways,	empower	our	
customers	to	reduce	their	carbon	footprint,	and	adopt	a	stronger	whole-of-society	climate	adaptation	and	resilience	approach	
towards	shaping	a	more	sustainable	planet.
Guiding Factors
material matters Strategic Pillars unSDGs
en1 G1en2
key inputs in 2023 Outputs
●	 Strong	governance	and	leadership	oversight	on	
environmental	impact	and	action
●	 ESG	strategy	to	focus	our	efforts	and	track	our	
performance
●	 Drive	climate	priorities	in	operations	as	we	achieve	
network	modernisation	goals
●	 Maintained	LEED	and	GBI	certification	for	our	buildings
●	 Environmental	Management	System	(EMS)	–	
ISO14001:2015	recertification
●	 Committing	to	Net	Zero	2050,	aligned	with	the	SBTi	for	
validation	by	2025
●	 Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively
●	 Risks	and	opportunities	aligned	with	the	recommendations	
of the TCFD
●	 Promoting	eco-friendly	workspaces	and	stores
●	 Adopting	whole-of-society	approach	towards	
decarbonisation	opportunities	
The	total	annual	emissions	of	the	mobile	sector	is	approximately	0.4%	of	total	global	emissions.	Compared	to	the	global	carbon 	
footprint	of	mobile	networks	themselves,	the	level	of	avoided	emissions	achieved	by	mobile	communications	technologies	is	10	
times	greater	–	a	tenfold	positive	impact.	The	ICT	sector	has	the	potential	to	enable	a	20%	reduction	in	global	CO 2  emissions by 
2030,	based	on	a	2015	baseline.	The	percentage	of	global	emissions	produced	by	ICT	will	decrease	over	time	to	1.97%	by	2030,	
compared	to	2.3%	in	2020	(Ref:	GeSI	SMARTer	2030	report).
By	increasing	connectivity,	improving	efficiency,	and	impacting	behaviour 	change,	we	are	able	to	enable	technologies	to	help	
industries	avoid	emissions	and	transition	into	a	low-carbon	economy.	Our 	goal	is	to	accelerate	efforts	to	contribute	positively 	to	
stabilising	global	emissions	by	the	end	of	this	decade.	We	will	formulate	bold	business	decisions	to	tap	into	climate	opportunities 	
and	long-term	emissions	reduction	targets	to	limit 	the	global	average	temperature	rise	to	below	1.5ºC	above	pre-industrial	levels.
•	 Strengthen	governance	of	climate	action
•	 Conduct	GHG	inventory	exercise	(Scopes	1,	2,	and	3)
•	 Explore	renewables	and	power	purchase	options
•	 Emissions	reduction	throughout	our	value	chain
natural Capital
Committing to net Zero 2050
We	have	committed	to	achieving	Net	Zero	by	2050,	in	alignment	with	the	SBTi.	Throughout	2024	and	2025,	we	will	be	
undertaking	baselining	activities	to	inventorise	CelcomDigi’s	total	emissions	(Scopes	1,	2,	and	3),	key 	assets,	and	Scope	3	
dependencies.
The	Board	has	approved	2023	to	be	taken	as	the	baseline	 year,	subject	to	guidance	from	SBTi.	Upon	completion	of	baselining,	we	
will	undertake	a	verification	exercise,	followed	by	submission	of	near-term	and	long-term	(2050)	targets.
Q4 2023 By end 20252024 - 2025
Commit to set 
net Zero targets
(Scopes	1,	2	and	3	
near	term	&	long-term	
targets)
Baselining of Scopes 1, 2 
and 3
2023	data	collation	&	
verification
>Scope 3 mapping
Value-chain emissions targets
(for	most	material	categories)
Signing of SBTi 
Commitment letter
SBTi endorsed targetsClimate roadmap 
& target setting
•	 Management	&	
Board approval
•	 Submission	to	
SBTi
1 2 3 4
CelcomDigi has committed to set near and long-term  company-wide emissions reduction
in line with science-based net-zero with the SBTi
For	more	information	on	our	approach	towards	Climate	Action	and	Environmental	Management,	visit
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/climate_environmental_action.pdf

---- Page 42 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
81
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review80
Who We Are
Carbon emissions roadmap for CelcomDigi
natural Capital
managing our environmental impact positively
In	early	2023,	we	initiated	a	high-level	climate	roadmap	that	outlines	measures	to	reduce	or 	mitigate	GHG	emissions	over	the	
short-,	mid-,	and	long-term.	The	primary	goal	of	the	roadmap	is	to	address	climate	change	by	achieving	emissions	reduction	targets	
and	transitioning	towards	a	more	sustainable	and	low-carbon	future. 	
1.	 FY2023 Baseline Assessment	-	 Analysing	the	current	state	of	carbon	emissions,	identifying	major	sources	in	accordance	to	
GHG	protocol,	and	establishing	a	baseline	for	comparison.
2.	 Emissions Reduction T argets	-	Setting	clear	and	quantifiable	targets	for	reducing	carbon	emissions.	Targets	may	be	expressed	
as	a	percentage	reduction	from	baseline	levels	or	in	absolute	terms.
3.	 Regulatory and Policy Framework	-	Identifying	and	implementing	supportive	policies	and	regulations	to	encourage	emissions	
reduction.	This	may	include	carbon	pricing	mechanisms,	emissions	trading	systems,	and	incentives	for	clean	technologies.
4.	 Energy Transition	-	Developing	strategies	to	transition	to	cleaner	and	renewable	energy	sources.	This	may	involve	increasing	
the	share	of	renewable	energy	in	the	energy	mix,	improving	energy	efficiency,	and	phasing	out	reliance	on	fossil	fuels.
Within	the	short-term	horizon,	we	shall	prioritise	the	following:
T onnes CO 2e (Scope 1 and 2)
600
500
400
300
200
100
2023 2025 2030 2050
0
Baseline Carbon neutral* net Zero*
521,510
SHORT-TeRM
•	Set	clear	long-term	emissions	
reduction	targets	in	line	
with	scientific	1.5°C	global	
warming target
•	Drive	telco-tech	network	
modernisation	and	
consolidation	to	transition 
to a low-carbon future
•	Enhance	mechanisms	to	
improve transparency and 
accountability in monitoring 
climate	ambitions	and	actions
mID-TeRm
•	Continue	to	scale	green	
investment	opportunities 
(e.g.	5G,	RE,	GET,	carbon	trading)
•	Integrate	internal	carbon	pricing	to	
affect	investment	decisions	and	in	
anticipation	of	regulatory	changes
•	Collaborate	to	reduce	emissions	in	
supply chains
•	Develop	low-carbon	tech	
partnerships to accelerate 
deployment of low-carbon and 
advanced technologies
LOng-TeRm
•	Switch	to	100%	procurement	of 	
low-carbon electricity
•	Collaborate	with	suppliers	on	
low-carbon commodity sourcing 
standards
•	Innovate	low-carbon	products	and 	
services
•	Share	best	and	emerging	practices 	
and	explore	new	climate	solutions	
(e.g.	carbon	capture	and	utilisation	
(CCUS),	IOT,	AI)	for	adoption
DA
B
C
Reduction targetsA
Notes:
a)	 Emissions	data	FY2023	is	limited	 to	Scope	1	and	2	only,	and	has	been	independently 	assured	by	SIRIM	QAS	International
b)	 EF	references	-	Scope	1:	DEFRA	UK	GHG	Conversion	Factors	2023	|	Scope	2:	Grid	Emission	Factors	Malaysia	2021	|	Scope	3:	DEFRA 	UK	GHG	
Conversion	Factors	2023
c)	 *Ref:	Definition	as	per 	GSMA’s	Mobile	Net	Zero	State	of	the	Industry	on	Climate	Action	Report
natural Capital
managing our environmental impact positively (Continued)
The	establishment	of	the	Climate	Working	Committee	(CWC)	has	been	effective	in	coordinating	cross-functional	management	of 	
climate	and	environmental	action	matters.	
In	2023,	three	CWC	forums	were	conducted,	co-chaired	by	the	Chief	Corporate	Affairs	Officer	(CCAO)	and	Chief	Technology	
Officer	(CTO),	with	the	participation	of	the	Heads	of	Sustainability,	Enterprise	Risk	Management,	Technology	Strategy	&	
Architecture,	Network	Engineering	&	Operations,	Workspace	&	Facilities,	and	other	related	working	streams.	Recommendations	
emerging	from	the	forums	include:
●	 Commitment	to	Net	Zero	2050,	aligned	with	SBTi	
●	 Identifying	areas	within	the	business	that	can	utilise	cleaner 	energy	(electrification	of	sites,	reducing	dependencies	on	fuel-
powered	generators,	and	exploring	cleaner	energy	options)	
●	 Realising	efficiencies	through	the	ongoing	network	integration	and	modernisation	exercise
●	 Exploring	opportunities	and	partnerships	to	decarbonise	CelcomDigi’s	 value	chain
●	 Streamlining	climate	reporting	and	data	controls
Recommendations	are	escalated	to	management	prior	to	deliberation	at	the	Board	Governance	and	Risk	Management	Committee, 	
and	the	Board	of	Directors	meetings.	For	more	information	on	the	CWC	and	its	integration	within	the	overall	Sustainability	
Governance	structure,	refer	to	Sustainability	Management	on	pages	41	to	44.
environmental management excellence
We	adhere	to	the	highest	environmental	management	standards,	and	in	2023	underwent	recertification	of 	ISO14001,	with	
ongoing	initiatives	to	extend	beyond	our	Headquarters	to	properties	in	the	Central	region,	including	key 	data	centres,	and	retail	
stores.
Strengthening climate reporting integrity
We	will	implement	robust	monitoring	tools	and	reporting	mechanisms	to	track	progress	towards	our 	emissions	reduction	goals.	
Regular	assessments	ensure	that	the	roadmap	remains	effective	and	adaptable	to	changing	circumstances.
Strengthened governance of climate actionC
12%  improvement in
power	efficiency
Decommissioning of 15
 generator sets
8% 	reduction	in	average
power	consumption
network integration and modernisation B
The	ongoing	exercise	has	consolidated	more	than	5,600	sites	in	2023,	representing	35%	of 	total	sites.	In	the	course	of	this	
process,	over	2,400	sites	have	been	phased	out.	We	have	registered	power	efficiencies	in	most	of	the	network	clusters	compared	
to	pre-consolidation.
Note:
•	 Outcomes	from	completion	of 	six	network	clusters	(Sitiawan,	Rawang,	Bercham,	Port	Dickson,	Nilai,	and	Sendayan)	 that	were	part	of	the	
Network	Integration	and	Modernisation	pilot

---- Page 43 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
83
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review82
Who We Are
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) e missions
200.17* 713.32* 0.37** 913.86
Direct energy
Consumption from Fuel 
(GWh)
Indirect energy
Consumption from grid
and green electricity (gwh)
Indirect energy 
Consumption from
v alue Chain (GWh)
T otal energy
(GWh)
53,670.04* 467,840.18* 282.03** 521,792.25
Scope 1 
Carbon e missions (T onnes)
Scope 2 
Carbon e missions  (T onnes)
Scope 3 
Carbon e missions (T onnes)
T otal Carbon e missions 
(T onnes) 
natural Capital
managing our environmental impact positively (Continued)
Driving	climate	and	environmental	efforts	within	network	operations	and	consolidation	of	sites	has	led	to	lower	energy	
consumption	to	carry	the	same	or	higher	demand	of	data.	
network Data Centre
●	 Optimise	energy	use	of	networks	by	adopting	energy	
efficient	hardware	and	best	practices	and	by	retiring	
legacy	networks.
●	 Installing	74	sites	in	rural	areas	with	hybrid	solar	technology,	
resulting	in	a	reduction	in	electricity	consumption.
●	 Powering	33	sites	with	hybrid	battery	gensets,	potentially	
reducing	diesel	consumption	by	approximately	40%.
●	 Subscribed	to	510	blocks	(510,000	kWh)	of	electricity	
generated	from	renewable	energy	sources,	attained	via	
TNB’s	Green	Energy	Tariff	(GET)	programme.
●	 Power	Usage	Effectiveness	(PUE)	tracked	through	Data	
Centre	Infrastructure	Management	(DCIM)	monitoring	
tools,	measures	the	efficiency	of	a	data	centre	by	
comparing the energy used for IT equipment to total 
energy	consumption,	including	cooling	and	other	
overheads.
●	 Migration	to	cloud-based	data	centres	with	lower	carbon	
emissions	as	compared	to	traditional	data	centres.
greening the network and data centre operations D
managing our environmental impact positively (Continued)
natural Capital
20,552,079 44.5 0.025 0.17 0.09
Customer Base
(million)
energy Usage per
Customer (kwh)
Carbon Intensity
per Customer
energy Usage
per Data
T erabyte (mwh)
Carbon Intensity
per Data u sage 
(tCO 2e)
Notes:
a)	 *	Total	carbon	emissions	(scope	1	and	2)	and	total	energy	consumption	(direct	energy	from	fuel	and	indirect	energy	from	grid	and	green	electricity)	has	
been	independently	assured	by	SIRIM	QAS	International
b)	 **	Carbon	emissions	(scope	3)	and	energy 	consumption	(indirect	energy	from	value	chain)	data	limited	to	employees'	land	travel	for	business	purpose	
only
c)	 EF 	references	-	Scope	1:	DEFRA	UK	GHG	Conversion	Factors	2023	|	Scope	2:	Grid	Emission	Factors	Malaysia	2021	|	Scope	3:	DEFRA 	UK	GHG	
Conversion	Factors	2023
greenhouse gas (gHg) emissions (Continued)
General Waste water Consumption
e-Waste
(Obsolete e lectrical and
e lectronic Waste)
waste Collected*
663.99 tonnes
water Consumed*
151,283.89 m3
e-waste Collected
237.79 tonnes
Waste Generated per 
employee*
182 k G
Water Consumed per 
employee*
41.39 m 3
e-waste Resold and 
Recycled
47.56 tonnes
waste Recycled*
21.75 tonnes
•	 E-waste	directly	produced	from	our	operations	is	managed	under	the	Environment	Quality	(Scheduled	
Wastes)	Regulation	2005	and	our	internal	guidelines
•	 Decommissioned	network	equipment	constitutes	 the	largest	amount	of	e-waste	generated	by	tonnes.	We	
reuse	equipment,	and	send	those	that	are	obsolete	to	be	recycled	and	disposed	of	safely	by	a	licensed	
vendor
•	 ‘Recycled’	shall	include	e-waste	treated	by	a	professional	service	provider	who	has	guaranteed	that	the	
waste	is	processed,	sorted,	resold,	recycled,	or	disposed	of	in	an	environmentally	sound	manner
•	 *	Limited	to	data	from	selected	CelcomDigi	premises	only

---- Page 44 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
85
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review84
Who We Are
natural Capital
To	raise	environmental	awareness	among	our	employees,	we	have	curated	various	initiatives	that	emphasise	the	importance	of	
sustainable	living	and	environmental	care.	These	initiatives	include	creating	environmentally	conscious	workplaces	and	channels	
for	promoting	‘green’	behaviours.
CelcomDigi	Tower	is	certified	Gold	by	
Green	Building	Index	(GBI)	and	LEED		
CelcomDigi	Hub	is	certified	Gold
by	LEED
CelcomDigi Technology
Operations	Centre	is	certified
Gold by Green Building Index
(GBI)	and	LEED	
Electric	Vehicle	(EV)	charging
stations	at	our	Headquarters
and	Technology	Operations
Centre
CelcomDigi workplaces implement  
recycling and food waste bins 
including e-waste bins 
Digitalising	all	retail	stores	with	a	30%	
reduction	of	physical	POSM	to	reduce	
waste	to	landfill	
CelcomDigi	utilises
Smart Fleet Management 
Climate and environmental
modules in employee learning 
platforms
‘World Environmental Month’ 
Campaign to promote circularity and 
reduce	single-plastic	usage	in	our	
workplace
‘After-7’	programme	to	automate	
lighting	and	cooling	at	workspaces	
via BMS and EMS for greater energy 
efficiency
Opportunities Transition Risks Physical Risks
●	 Demand	for	development	of	new	
climate-friendly	solutions	and	low	
carbon	digital	services.
●	 Prioritise	‘Just	Transition’	
philosophy in our supply chain to 
meet	Net	Zero	ambitions.
●	 Brand	preference	by	customers	as	a	
trusted	digital	services	provider.
●	 Carbon	pricing	and	indirect	price	
increases.
●	 Carbon	target	gaps	resulting	in	loss	of	
investor	confidence.
●	 Increased	cost	of	energy	and	carbon	
emissions and changing consumer 
preferences.
●	 Negative	impact	on	company	finances.
●	 Adverse	brand	and	reputational	impact.
•	 Infrastructure	damage,	negative	
impact on service delivery to 
customers	and	operations	from	
disruptions.
CelcomDigi	plans	to	adopt	the	recommendations	of	the	TCFD	in	phases	as	we	progressively	integrate	our	business	to	a	single	
network	and	converge	our	distribution	channels,	systems,	fleet,	and	facilities.	This	will	enable	us	to	develop	robust	plans	that	can	
assess	potential	business	implications	of	climate-related	risks	and	opportunities,	as	we	continue	to	drive	ambitions	towards	our	
science-based	targets	for	2030	and	Net	Zero	for	2050.	
Climate-related physical risk mitigation
Understanding	physical	climate-related	risks	such	as	the	impact	of	flooding	on	our	network	infrastructure,	we	have	installed	
elevated	plinths	for	sites	most	prone	to	flooding.	In	2023,	more	than	17	strategic	sites	nationwide	were	equipped	with	raised	
platforms	to	prevent	service	interruptions	and	to	minimise	potential	downtime	due	to	flooding.	All	of	our	elevated	platforms	
proved	to	be	resilient	with	no	assets	submerged	during	flood	incidents	in	2023.
Based	on	preliminary	assessments	and	external	developments,	we	have	identified	and	concluded	some	of	the	opportunities	and	
material	risks	that	are	aligned	with	the	recommendations	of	the	TCFD:
Risk and opportunities aligned with the recommendations of the TCFD
Promoting eco-friendly workspaces and stores
Adopting whole-of-society approach towards decarbonisation opportunities
natural Capital
Partnerships to stimulate green growth
CelcomDigi	and	Yinson	Holdings,	a	global	energy	infrastructure	and	technology	company,	signed	a	Memorandum	of	Understanding	
(MoU)	to	partner	in	the	development	of	innovative	EV	services	and	infrastructure	for	Malaysian	consumers,	driving	EV	and	green	
energy	adoption	in	the	country.		
Race to net Zero!
We	participated	in	the	Bursa	Bull	Charge	-	Race	to	
Net	Zero	Run	2023	to	contribute	to	climate	action	
awareness.	At	the	event,	we	showcased	how	we	are	
enabling	industries	to	advance	green	growth	at	scale,	
besides encouraging customers to dispose of their mobile 
e-waste	responsibly.
CeO Action network (CAn)
CelcomDigi is a proud founding member of the CEO 
Action	Network,	which	is	a	private	network	of	CEOs	
from leading Malaysian businesses that focuses 
on	sustainability	advocacy,	capacity	building,	and	
performance.	Our	CEO	actively	participates	in	the	
steering	committee	meetings	to	discuss	and	plan	
sustainable	strategies.
Together,	we	actively	engage	across	industries,	investors,	
analysts,	and	regulators	in	dialogues	pertaining	to	the	
national	Net	Zero	ambition.	These	discussions	reinforced	
the need for public-private dialogues between the 
relevant	government	agencies,	utility	providers,	and	
corporate	Malaysia	to	jointly	develop	Malaysia’s	national	
climate	strategy.	We	also	gained	understanding	of	utility	
providers’ renewable energy plans and trajectory; shared 
the mobile sector’s role through its network-enabled 
technologies to reduce emissions; and shared challenges 
in	accessing	renewables.
Yinson	to	leverage	CelcomDigi’s	widest,	fastest	4G	LTE	
and	5G	connectivity	to	power	up	connections	for	chargEV	
stations,	the	nation’s	largest	charge	point	operator.
Made EV ownership as easy as subscribing to a 
CelcomDigi	5G	postpaid	plan,	encouraging	adoption	of	
sustainable	mobility	solutions	for	consumers.
Supporting the n ational Climate g overnance malaysia 
Summit 
CelcomDigi	supported	the	inaugural	National	Climate	
Governance	Malaysia	Summit	in	September	2023	jointly	
organised	by	Climate	Governance	Malaysia,	Companies	
Commission	of	Malaysia	(SSM),	FIDE	FORUM,	
representatives	from	the	United	Nations	Development	
Programme	(UNDP),	SME	Corporation	Malaysia,	and	the	
Institute	of	Corporate	Directors	Malaysia.	
This	event	brought	together	more	than	100	local	and	
foreign	subject	matter	experts	who	shared	their	expertise	
and	experiences	on	decarbonisation,	environmental	
conservation,	biodiversity	preservation,	and	the	
promotion	of	a	just	transition.


---- Page 45 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
87
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review86
Who We Are
Social and relationship Capital
Our approach
Looking ahead
CelcomDigi	places	significant	importance	on	strengthening	relationships	 with	everyone	we	interact	with,	including	our	customers,	
employees,	suppliers,	shareholders,	and	business	partners.	 We	believe	that	by	doing	so,	we	are	building	a	brand	that	Malaysians	
can	trust	and	rely	on	in	the	age	of	‘digital-everything’.	
These	relationships	are	essential	to	enhance	CelcomDigi’s	ability 	to	tap	into	future	growth	opportunities.	Our	efforts	to	advance	
digitalisation	are	aligned	with	the	12th	Malaysia	Plan	(2021-2025)	aspiration	to	increase	national	productivity 	and	advance	the	
digital	economy.	
CelcomDigi	is	also	committed	to	ESG	practices	within	our	value	chain	to	ensure	that	all	stakeholders	benefit	in	the	long	run.	 We	
aim	to	be	recognised	as	the	top	practitioner	of	sustainability	among	corporate	Malaysia.
key inputs in 2023 Outputs
●	 Responsible	business	practices	across	our	value	chain
●	 Empowering	suppliers	through	training
●	 Social	impact	programmes	(digital	safety,	digital	skills)	and	
humanitarian	efforts
●	 Inclusive	connectivity	options	and	digital	offerings
●	 Regular	engagement	with	stakeholders	
●	 Trusted	partner	to	the	government,	consumers,	and	
businesses 
●	 Upholding	human	rights	across	the	value	chain
●	 Managing	our	supply	chain	responsibly
●	 Empowering	societies	through	nation-building	initiatives
We	observed	that	addressing	ESG	issues	often	requires	a	‘whole-of-society 	approach’	to	bring	about	significant	improvements,	
which	includes	better	alignment	between	the	public	and	private	sectors.	 As	we	move	forward,	we	will	strengthen	our	
relationships	with	various	government	agencies,	policymakers,	academic 	and	research	institutions,	business	partners,	social 	
purpose	organisations,	and	communities	to	create	positive	change.	Utilising	our 	core	function	as	a	facilitator	of	connectivity	and	
digitalisation,	we	aspire	to:
●	 Strengthen	compliance	procedures	and	protocols	for	
transparency and adherence to regulatory standards
●	 Develop	comprehensive	training	programmes	and	
monitoring mechanisms to promote human and labour 
rights awareness
●	 Integrate	sustainability	practices	and	engage	stakeholders	
to foster environmental responsibility
●	 Implement	digital	platforms	for	seamless	training,	
inspection	recording,	and	non-compliance	reporting	and 	
tracking
●	 Establish	a	structured	vendor	development	programme	to	
empower suppliers and drive mutual growth
●	 Define	value-based	procurement	strategies	and	metrics	to 	
prioritise	quality,	sustainability,	and	ethical	standards
Social and Relationship Capital
Guiding Factors
material matters Strategic Pillars unSDGs
G1 e C2G2 S4 S5 S6e C1 S7/
en3
Social and relationship Capital
Trusted partner to the government, consumers, and businesses
We	continuously	strive	to	raise	our	standards	across	our	value	chain	and	advance	the	nation	towards	becoming	a	digitally 	savvy	
society	as	part	of	our	aspiration	to	be	the	nation’s	trusted	partner	to	the	government,	consumers,	and	businesses.	We	will	continue	
enabling	an	inclusive,	accessible,	and	safe	internet	experience	for 	all	while	advocating	for	responsible	business	practices	across	our	
value	chain.	Our	combined	strengths	enable	us	to	impact	broader 	stakeholder	groups	and	deepen	our	engagements	on	topics	that	
are	most	material	to	them.	
These	are	several	partnerships	we	have	established	in	2023:
CelcomDigi and Time dotcom 
collaborate	to	boost	fibre	accessibility	
for Malaysians
Partnering to safeguard Malaysians 
online	through	Jelajah	Anti-Scam	
Kebangsaan Malaysia
CelcomDigi	and	DHL	Supply	Chain	
reimagine	logistics	with	Malaysia's	
first	5G	powered	AI	Autonomous	
Warehouse
CelcomDigi	and	VIRNECT	sign	MoU	
to	develop	experiential	industrial	
Metaverse	learning	and	education
CelcomDigi	partners	SoftBank	
Corp,	and	SC-NEX	under	Sumitomo	
Corporation	for	cutting	edge	AI-
enabled	and	robotics	solutions
CelcomDigi and SK Telecom sign 
MoU	to	develop	Malaysia's	first	
Metaverse Ecosystem
CelcomDigi and i-City team up to 
transform	Shah	Alam's	connectivity	
landscape
CelcomDigi partners Huawei and 
ZTE	for	nationwide	network	
integration	and	modernisation
Top minds gather for strategic 
discussions	around	5G	at	CelcomDigi	
MY5G	CEO	Roundtable	2023
CelcomDigi and Yinson seal 
partnership to elevate Malaysia's 
e-Mobility ecosystem

---- Page 46 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
89
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review88
Who We Are
Social and relationship Capital
u pholding human rights across the value chain 
managing our supply chain responsibly
CelcomDigi’s	human	rights	policies	and	principles	are	aligned	 with	the	Universal	Declaration	of	Human	Rights	(UDHR)	and	are	
guided	by	the	United	Nations	Guiding	Principles	(UNGP)	on	Business	and	Human	Rights.	Our 	Sustainability	Policy	and	Business	
Partner	Conduct	Principles	clearly	state	our	stance	against	child	labour	and	forced	labour.	This	applies	to	all	partners	and	vendors	
who	wish	to	do	business	with	CelcomDigi.
Our	suppliers	are	crucial	to	the	success	of	our	business,	as	well	as	our	social	and	environmental	initiatives.	We	believe	that	our	
supply	chain	presents	an	exceptional	opportunity	to	enhance	business	performance,	reduce	environmental	impact,	and	promote 	
social	equality	by	mitigating	human	rights	and	health	and	safety	risks.
In	order	to	maintain	these	standards,	all	suppliers	and	business	partners	are	required	to	abide	by 	our	Business	Partner	Conduct	
Principles.	They	must	sign	the	Agreement	of	Responsible	Business	Conduct	(ABC)	and	comply	with	our	guidelines	in	the	areas	of	
Health,	Safety,	and	Security	(HSS),	ethical	conduct,	human	rights,	and	environmental	management.	 We	also	encourage	them	to	act	
in	accordance	with	our	Code	of	Conduct	and	human	rights	principles.
Implementing Human Rights Due 
Diligence 2023-2024
•	 CelcomDigi’s	human	rights	principles	are	based	on	
international	instruments	including	the	UDHR,	and 	
the principles concerning fundamental rights in 
the	eight	International	Labour	Organisation	(ILO)	
core	conventions	as	set	out	in	the	Declaration	on	
Fundamental	Principles	and	Rights	at	Work.
•	 Our	principle	for	respecting	human	rights	is	in	
accordance	with	the	UN	Guiding	Principles	on	Business	
and	Human	Rights,	the	Organisation	for	Economic	
Cooperation	and	Development	(OECD)	Guidelines	for	
Multinational	Enterprises	and	the	UN	Global	Compact.
•	 Leveraging	on	our	human	rights	due	diligence	exercise,	
we	continuously	assess	our	human	rights	risks	and	
impacts	on	those	who	work	with	us	and	for	us.
•	 This	requires	continuous	improvement	and	stakeholder	
dialogue.	Conducted	biennially,	this	due	diligence	 will	
be	completed	in	2024.
United nations global Compact (UngC) Young 
executives Sustainability Summit 2023 
•	 In	promoting	sustainability	best	practices	among	
young	professionals	and	youth	leaders,	we	contributed	
approximately	RM50,000	to	organising	the	summit.
•	 As	a	panellist	in	the	‘Intergenerational	Dialogue	-	
Sustainability:	Passion	or	Realism?’	forum,	we	shared	
perspectives	in	creating	a	sustainable	future	for	all.
•	 We	also	engaged	over	400	aspiring	youths	with	Safe	
Internet	and	anti-scam	awareness	at	the	summit.
For	more	information	on	our	approach	towards	Human	Rights,	visit
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/human_rights.pdf
Social and relationship Capital
managing our supply chain responsibly (Continued)
Compliance
We ensure compliance with responsible standards 
in our procurement process through the 
implementation	of	our	Integrity	Due	Diligence	
(IDD)	process	prior	to	engagement	and	execution	
of the ABC agreement with each supplier
Assessments
We conduct periodic assessments to ensure 
our business partners and suppliers adhere to 
legal and ethical standards and comply with our 
Business Partner Conduct Principles
Inspection
We	conduct	regular	on-site	inspections	following	
live monitoring of workers’ check-ins and scope 
of work being done via the CelcomDigi Permit-
to-Work	app.	When	a	non-compliance	practice	
is	found,	suppliers	are	required	to	respond	with	
corrective	action	plans	within	the	prescribed	
timeframe.	Suppliers	failing	to	meet	the	minimum 	
requirements may face serious consequences such 
as	suspension	or	even	termination
Capacity Building
We require suppliers to undergo periodic training 
through curated programmes and individual 
assessments through CelcomDigi Knowledge 
Assessment	Tool	(CDKAT)	in	order	for	them	to	
understand	their	responsibilities,	build	safety-first	
habits,	and	promote	responsible	business	practices
n ew suppliers who signed 
the ABC
242*
(FY2022:	155)
T otal suppliers who have signed 
the ABC to date
2,487
(FY2022:	2,245)
T otal supplier
training hours
23,478
(FY2022:	16,691)
u nannounced
795
(FY2022:	504)
major
17
(FY2022:	11)
Announced
10
(FY2022:	8)
Minor
84
(FY2022:	65)
T otal
805
(FY2022:	512)
number of inspections conducted number of findings
n umber of suppliers
terminated
0
(FY2022:	0)
n umber of suppliers
suspended
1
(FY2022:	0)
n umber of suppliers awarded contracts
607  local suppliers
212  foreign suppliers
For	more	information	on	our	approach	towards	Supply	Chain	management,	visit
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/responsible_supply_chain.pdf
Note:
*	 Number 	of	new	suppliers	signing	ABC	has	been	independently	assured	by	SIRIM	QAS	International

---- Page 47 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
91
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review90
Who We Are
Social and relationship Capital
empowering societies through nation-building initiatives 
We	aim	to	promote	responsible	digital	practices	and	raise	scam	awareness	across	all	segments	of 	society,	to	strengthen
digital	safety.
Digital Safety
Online	scams	and	fraud	have	become	more	prevalent	across	the	globe	as	businesses	adopt	digital	transactions.	 The	National	
Scam	Response	Centre	(NSRC)	reported	that	over	RM1.34	billion	was	lost	to	scammers	in	2023	in	Malaysia.
Efforts	to	accelerate	targeted	awareness	and	more	effective	prevention	initiatives	include:
●	 Taskforce	to	investigate	scam	encountered	by	customers	and	strategise	to	improve	mitigations.	The	taskforce	consists	of	
experts	from	fraud	management,	consumer	business,	sales	governance,	network	strategy,	and	sustainability
●	 Centralised	scam	reporting	helpline	making	it	easier	for	customers	to	report	scams	or	potentially	fraudulent	activities	
●	 Dedicated	customer	service	agents	offering	additional	support	to	customers	to	report	scams	
●	 Scam	alerts	on	the	latest	modus	operandi	updated	on	our	website	Help	Page	within	24	hours
●	 Security	enhancements	in	our	apps	and	subscription	flows	to	strengthen	prevention	against	the	threats	of 	scams
●	 Supporting	MCMC	and	industry	efforts	to	block	the	sending	and	receiving	of	SMS	from	local	and	international	mobile	
numbers	with	potential	scam-related	URL	links
War Against Scams
S.A.F.e Internet
●	 S.A.F.e Internet talk series
-	 S.A.F.E	(Smart,	Aware,	Fortify,	and	Empathy)	is	an	
awareness	programme	curated	mainly	for	students,	low-
income,	and	underserved	segments.	
-	 Held	in	partnership	with	UNICEF	and	UN	Refugee	
Agency	(UNHCR).	
-	 Engaged	up	to	400,000	people	nationwide	through	on-
ground	activities	and	resources.
●	 Training-the-trainer (TTT) sessions
-	 Trained	representatives	among	employees,	managers	in	
all	307	internet	centres	managed	by	CelcomDigi,	school	
teachers,	and	also	refugee	community	leaders.
●	 S.A.F.e Internet webpage  
-	 Produced	a	simplified,	easy-to-understand	educational	
resources	on	staying	S.A.F.E	online	to	help	us	thrive	in	
the	digital	space.
- Reached 8 million people online through the social 
media	platform.
 CelcomDigi Anti-Scam Campaigns
●	 Jelajah Anti Scam kebangsaan (JASk)
-	 Co-organised	a	nationwide	roadshow	in	
collaboration	with	the	Gabungan	Bertindak	Anti-
Scam,	Cybersecurity	Malaysia,	and	Malaysian	Crime	
Prevention	Foundation.
-	 Held	seven	nationwide	Townhalls	with	over	11,700	
people	engaged.
●	 CelcomDigi, Royal malaysian Police, and whosCall 
#FightAgainstScam campaign
-	 Supported	an	awareness	excursion	from	Kuala	Lumpur	
to	Cameron	Highlands	involving	a	65	rider-convoy	in	
efforts	to	garner	attention	to	scam	awareness.	
-	 Engaged	more	than	2,000	people	at	various	pit-stops.
Social and relationship Capital
empowering societies through nation-building initiatives (Continued)
We	are	driving	digital	empowerment	for	our	students	by	future-proofing	them	with	digital	literacy	and	upskilling.
Digital e mpowerment
We	aim	to	accelerate	digital	inclusion,	particularly	among	underserved	communities,	through	various	initiatives	such	as	
donations,	sponsorships,	and	collaborations	with	partners	to	maximise	positive	impact	on	society.
Corporate Citizenship
Laptop distribution to schools
Donated	over	1,800	computers	and	laptops	to	benefit	
~500	schools	nationwide.
Provisioning of Fixed wireless Access (FwAs)
Provisioned	250	units	of	FWA	to	provide	free	internet	
connectivity	to	several	centres:
●	 Temporary	Evacuation	Centres	nationwide	during	floods.
●	 Correctional	centres	like	Henry	Gurney	School	and	
Puncak	Alam	Correctional	Centre.
●	 Suriana	Welfare	Home.
Future Skills for All
●	 A	digital	learning	platform	with	
interactive	modules	and	learning	
tools that are aligned with the 
national	syllabus	on	coding	and	
design-thinking.
●	 The	programme	has	been	running	
since	2019	in	collaboration	with	
UNICEF	and	Arus	Academy.
●	 44,856*	students	and	trainers	
(teachers	and	community	leaders)	
are	actively	using	the	platform.
CelcomDigi y oung Digital 
Innovators Programme
●	 The	programme	aims	to	provide	
opportunities	for	students	in	
rural areas and underserved 
communities	to	learn	coding	and	
robotics.
●	 Several	university	lecturers	and	
internet centre managers were 
trained to engage more schools 
for	the	programme.
●	 Over	1,400	students	have	been	
engaged	in	2023.
Siswapreneur Bootcamp
●	 An	annual	bootcamp	for	
university students to learn 
digital entrepreneurship 
leveraging	AI	technology.
●	 Partnered	with	Google	Malaysia	
to	upskill	over	7,000	university	
students.
Pusat Sebaran m aklumat nasional (naDi) formerly known as Pusat e konomi Digital (PeDi)
NaDi,	under	the	Universal	Service	Provision	(USP)	programme,	aims	to	expand	network	infrastructure	to	underserved	areas 	
to	close	the	digital	divide.	We	facilitate	the	operations	of	NaDi	internet	centres	across	Malaysia	to	provide	internet	access	to 	
support	e-learning	and	the	development	of	digital	skills	and	digital	entrepreneurship	among	local	communities.	CelcomDigi 	
operates	307	NaDi	centres	nationwide.
Note:
*	 Total	enrolment	has	been	independently 	assured	by	SIRIM	QAS	International
Flood preparedness, relief, and recovery  
●	 More	than	1.2	million	early	warning	SMSes	were	sent	to	
potential	flood	victims.
●	 Deployed	flood	relief	worth	RM300,000	via	Malaysian	Relief	
Agency	to	address	severe	flooding	around	the	country.
●	 Funds	were	used	to	provide	essential	items,	in	addition	
to	setting	up	mobile	clinics.
CelcomDigi Corporate Raya Celebration
Aided	approximately	RM50,000	in	celebrating	special	
guests	from	five	children	shelter:
●	 Rumah	Titian	Kasih.
●	 Pertubuhan	Kebajikan	Anak-Anak	Yatim	Al-Nasuha.
●	 Rumah	Amal	Limpahan	Kasih.
●	 Lighthouse	Children	Welfare	Home.
●	 Pusat	Jagaan	Rumah	Juara.
For	more	information	on	our	approach	
towards Community Empowerment and 
Outreach	Programmes,	visit	 
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/
community_empowerment_outreach.pdf

---- Page 48 ----
trusted brand
 for Malaysians
ensuring a safe and reliable experience for 
your family as you discover the inspiring 
possibilities of our digital world

---- Page 49 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
95
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review94
Who We Are
Corporate governance o verview Statement
The Board of CelcomDigi Berhad upholds a strong corporate governance framework that empowers 
effective leadership amid various internal and external challenges, emphasising on long-term value 
creation and transparent eSg reporting. The governance Framework follows the principles and best 
practices of corporate governance prescribed by the main market Listing Requirements (mmLR) 
of Bursa malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa malaysia), malaysian Code on Corporate governance 
(mCCg) 2021, Corporate governance guide, international best practices, and standards on corporate 
governance. Our governance Framework delegates responsibilities to the Board and management 
Committees. Supported by the Board Charter, Limits of Authority matrix (LOA), and Business and 
governance policies, an annual review aligns the governance Framework with internal reorganisation 
and transformation initiatives.
It	is	imperative	to	review	the	Corporate	Governance	
Overview	Statement	(CG	Overview	Statement)	alongside	the	
comprehensive	Corporate	Governance	Report	(CG	Report).	
The	CG	Report	provides	in-depth	insights	into	the	application 	
of	each	governance	practice,	including	details	on	any	
departures	and	alternative	measures	implemented	within	the	
Group.	The	CG	Report	is	available	on	our	website	at	
https://corporate.celcomdigi.com/annualreport.
As	of	31	December	2023,	CelcomDigi	has	applied	all	Practices	
of	MCCG	2021	within	our	Corporate	Governance	Framework,	
with	exceptions	for	Practice	5.2	(requiring	at	least	half	of	the	
board	to	comprise	independent	directors,	or	a	majority	for	
large	companies)	and	Practice	8.2	(disclosure	of	the	top	five	
Senior	Management’s	remuneration	component	in	bands	of	
RM50,000).	
The	Board	acknowledges	these	departures	and	is	actively 	
working	towards	achieving	a	majority	of	independent	directors.	
CelcomDigi	is	undertaking	reasonable	efforts	to	achieve	this 	
Practice	within	two	years,	subject	to	the	progress	of	the	
integration	and	the	overall	aim	of	securing	a	board	composition	
with	an	optimal	balance	of	competencies,	diversity,	and	
independence.	CelcomDigi	currently	does	not	plan	to	fully	
disclose	detailed	Senior	Management	remuneration.
Statement by the Board on Corporate g overnance
The CelcomDigi Board remains steadfast in its commitment 
to	strong	leadership	and	effective	governance.	Our	Board,	
comprising	of	industry	experts,	corporate	professionals,	bring	
diverse	perspectives	and	deep	knowledge	to	reinforce	our	
position	as	Malaysia’s	leading	telecommunications	provider.
Looking	ahead,	CelcomDigi’s	Board	has	outlined	top	priorities 	
to	deliver	in	2024:	
•	 Integration & Synergies:	Streamlining	operations	and	
maximising merger synergies
•	 Strategy execution:	Implementing	strategic	plans	to	
protect core business and deliver market growth with a 
focus	on	5G
•	 Billing Systems Optimisation:	Ensuring	smooth	migration 	
for	enhanced	efficiency	
•	 Stakeholder engagement:	Managing	relationships	
effectively	to	support	organisational	goals
•	 Governance & Compliance:	Upholding	strong	governance, 	
regulatory	adherence,	risk	management,	sustainability,	and	
operational	excellence	
Internalising g overnance and Integrity
The Board believes that strong ethics and integrity standards 
are	essential	for	sustainable	business	practices.	Upholding	
these values enables our Board to protect the interests of 
our	stakeholders	and	partners	from	fraud	and	corruption,	and 	
foster	increased	business	growth.	The	Board	adopts	a	top-
down approach to incorporate CelcomDigi’s values of good 
governance and accountability from leadership levels to all 
individuals	across	the	Group.	
Corporate governance o verview Statement
The	Group	has	in	place	a	robust	Anti-Corruption	Policy,	
Whistleblowing	Policy,	and	Business	Party	Conduct	Policy	that	
sets	out	sound	principles	and	standards	of	good	practice,	to	
be	adhered	to	by	Directors,	employees,	and	business	partners.	
Consistent	efforts	to	promote	these	policies	fosters	a	culture 	
of	good	governance	and	upholding	the	values	of	integrity,	
transparency,	and	accountability	of	our	operations.
embedding Sustainable Business Practices
CelcomDigi	is	committed	to	integrating	sustainability 	
performance	into	its	overarching	business	strategy.	This	
commitment entails considering environmental and social 
impacts	in	decision-making	and	aligning	objectives	with	the	
Company’s	purpose	and	values.	
In	the	short	to	mid-term,	CelcomDigi	will	focus	on:
a)	 Defining	and	setting	measurable	ESG	targets	including 	
setting	a	near-term	company-wide	emissions	reduction 	
target	in	line	with	the	SBTi.
b)	 Continuing	engagement	with	stakeholders,	including	
customers,	regulators,	investors,	and	communities	
to	address	concerns,	and	transparently	communicate	
sustainability	initiatives.	A	double	materiality	assessment	
conducted	in	early	2024	reevaluated	our	stakeholders’	
expectations	and	potential	areas	of	impact	on	the	
environment	and	society.
c)	 Fostering	a	culture	of	continuous	improvement	in	
sustainability	efforts	by	regularly	reviewing	and	updating	
strategies	based	on	evolving	industry	standards,	
technologies,	and	stakeholder	expectations.
d)	 Maturing	in	our	disclosure	journey	by	proactively	
complying	to	regulatory	requirements	and	demonstrating	
a strong commitment to advocate responsible business 
practices.
e)	 Assessing	and	enhancing	sustainability	across	the	value	
chain	including	engaging	suppliers	for	our	scope	3	baseline	
and	supply	chain	emissions	reduction	plan.
Principle A – Board Leadership and e ffectiveness
Our Board plays a pivotal role in realising our purpose—
Advancing	and	Inspiring	Society.	As	the	ultimate	custodian	of	
good	corporate	governance,	the	Board	is	steadfastly	committed	
to	fostering	an	ethical	culture	that	champions	integrity, 	
effective	internal	controls,	and	robust	decision-making 	
processes.
Board Charter
Adhering	to	its	Charter,	the	Board	follows	the	Terms	of	
Reference	(TOR),	delineating	roles	and	responsibilities	for	
both	the	Board	and	its	Committees.	This	comprehensive	guide	
serves	as	a	reference	for	Board	members,	providing	clarity	
on	individual	roles	and	responsibilities,	as	well	as	outlining	
intentions	and	expectations	for	fulfilling	duties	and	obligations.
The	Board	updated	its	Charter	on	17	August	2023,	aligning	it	
with	the	revised	definition	of	an	Independent	Director	by	Bursa	
Malaysia.	CelcomDigi	is	committed	to	conducting	an	annual 	
review,	ensuring	its	Charter	remains	competitive	within	the	
industry	and	adheres	to	the	latest	rules	and	regulations	set 	
forth	by	relevant	authorities.
Read	more	about	our	Board	Charter:	
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/
corporate_governance.html
Code of Conduct
CelcomDigi’s Code of Conduct outlines the expected business 
culture	and	conduct	for	all	Board	members	and	employees.	
This	framework	fosters	a	robust	corporate	culture,	reinforcing 	
our	commitment	to	integrity	in	carrying	out	duties	and	
responsibilities.	The	Code	aims	to	guide	decision-making,	
offering	clarity	and	setting	expectations	for	daily	conduct.	
The	Board	steadfastly	follows	the	Code,	observing	high	
standards of conduct and accountability in driving our business 
responsibly.
Read	more	about	our	Code	of	Conduct:	
https://corporate.celcomdigi.com/company/
governance

---- Page 50 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
97
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review96
Who We Are
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Board Composition
CelcomDigi’s	Board	composition	is	carefully	assembled,	creating	a	balance	between	objectivity	and	diversity.	This	arrangement	ensures	
the	efficient	performance	of	collective	responsibilities,	upholding	good	corporate	governance,	and	facilitating	holistic	and	strategic	
decision-making.	The	Board	Nomination	and	Remuneration	Committee	(BNRC)	conducts	regular	reviews	of	the	Board’s	composition,	
providing	recommendations	to	improve	its	effectiveness.	More	details	on	the	BNRC’s	activities	can	be	found	in	the	BNRC	Report.
Board Balance and Composition
6
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive	
Directors 
(NINEDs)
4
Independent 
Non-Executive	
Directors 
(INEDs)
Gender
70%
Male
30%
Female
ethnic Diversity
Malaysian 5
Norwegian 3
Sri	Lankan/British 1
Indian 1
#	 The	Board	area	of	skills	and	experience	are	based	on	the	Director's	BEE	2023	Self-Assessment
*	 The	above	is	based	on	information	as	at	15	March	2024
Board Skills and expertise
Information	
Technology
Business 
Development
Regulatory 
and
Political	Advisory
Oil and Gas
Real Estate
Banking
Accounting	and	
Finance
Investment
Leadership
Length of Service
1	year	2	monthsTengku	Azmil Less	than	a	yearKasper Wold Kaarbø
2	years	10	monthsDatuk	Iain	John	Lo
6	years	8	monthsHaakon Bruaset Kjoel
8 years 8 monthsVimala	V.R.	Menon
1	year	3	months1	year	3	monthsDr Wijayasuriya
1	year	2	monthsVivek Sood
1	year	3	monthsRita Skjaervik
1	year	3	monthsTan Sri Farid
Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed
Age
Below	55	years
55-60	years	old
61-65	years	old
66-69	years	old
1
2
4
3
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Board Roles and Responsibilities 
The	Board	is	responsible	for	ensuring	the	Group’s	success	by	managing	its	business	in	a	responsible	and	efficient	 way.	Directors	
have	a	duty	to	act	in	the	Company’s	best	interest,	fulfilling	collective	and	individual	duties	to	shareholders.	 The	Board	works	
closely	with	Management	to	create	long-term	opportunities	for 	the	business,	with	a	distinct	separation	of	roles	between	the	Chair	
and	the	CEO	to	keep	a	balance	and	avoid	a	concentration	of 	power.
Tengku	Dato’	Sri	Azmil	Zahruddin,	as	Chair	of	the	Board	leads	the	Board	in	steering	the	Company’s	strategy	and	business	direction	
leveraging	his	extensive	experience.	The	Deputy	Chair	supports	and	chairs	Board	Meetings	in	the	Chair’s	absence.	Haakon	Bruaset	
Kjoel	assumed	the	role	of	Deputy	Chair	upon	the	resignation	of	Petter-Børre	Furberg	on	15	March	2024.	The	CEO	manages	day-to-
day	operations,	leading	the	Group	Senior	Management	team.	The	CEO	oversees	policies,	strategies,	and	corporate	culture	across	the	
Company,	with	the	Deputy	CEO	ensuring	operational	and	go-to-market	efficiency	aligned	with	the	approved	strategic	plan	of	CelcomDigi.
The	Board	Committees,	namely	the	Board	Audit	Committee	(BAC),	the	BNRC,	and	the	Board	Governance	and	Risk	Management 	
Committee	(BGRMC),	assists	the	Board	in	its	oversight	function.	 The	Board	Committee	Chairs	report	outcomes	to	the	Board, 	
presenting	recommendations	for	approvals.	The	Board	is	kept	informed	of	Board	Committee	activities	through	the	circulation	of	
meeting	minutes	and	updates	from	respective	chairpersons	on	deliberation	and	outcomes,	ensuring	transparency 	and	alignment	
with	organisational	goals.
Overview of the Roles of our Board
Roles and Responsibilities
1. Chair of the Board •	 Ensures	orderly	Board	conduct	and	function.
•	 Manages	effectiveness	in	strategy,	governance,	risk,	and	compliance.
•	 Leads	meetings,	sets	agendas,	and	foster	open	debate	among	Directors.
•	 Engages	regularly	with	the	CEO	and	Deputy	CEO	for	operational	insights.
•	 Ensures	effective	communication	with	shareholders.
2. Deputy Chair of the Board •	 Assists	the	Chair.	
•	 Chairs	Board	Meetings	in	the	Chair’s	absence.
3. Independent  
non-executive Directors
•	 Bring	independent	and	objective	insights,	challenging	Senior	Management	unbiasedly.
•	 Free	of	relationships	interfering	with	judgement,	prioritising	minority	shareholders.
•	 Scrutinise	and	challenge	Senior	Management	performance	in	executing	CelcomDigi’s	strategies.
4. n on-Independent  
non-executive Directors
•	 Contribute	to	managing	effectiveness	in	strategy,	governance,	risk	and	compliance.
•	 Act	objectively	in	the	Company’s	interest,	independent	of	Senior	Management.
•	 Scrutinise	and	challenge	Senior	Management	performance	in	executing	CelcomDigi’s	strategies.
matters Reserved for the Board
•	 Review,	approve,	and	adopt	CelcomDigi’s	strategic	plans	and	annual	targets.
•	 Oversee	and	evaluate	the	conduct	and	performance	of	CelcomDigi’s	
business.
•	 Declare	dividends,	approve	financial	statements,	annual	and	quarterly	
reports,	ensuring	integrity	in	reporting.
•	 Review	and	approve	strategic	investments,	mergers	and	acquisitions, 	
divestment	and	corporate	exercises.
•	 Oversee	material	acquisitions	and	disposition	of	assets	not	in	the	ordinary	
course	of	business.
•	 Review	the	adequacy	and	integrity	of	CelcomDigi’s	internal	control	system.
•	 Approve	changes	in	CelcomDigi’s	policies,	procedures,	and	limits	of	authority.
•	 Identify	and	manage	principal	risks	affecting	CelcomDigi.
key Features of the Board
•	 Separation	of	roles	between	the	
Chair	of	the	Board	and	CEO.
•	 The	Chair	of	the	Board	is	not	a	
member	of	the	Board	Committees.
•	 Meets	Board	Diversity	
requirements,	particularly	gender	
diversity,	with	three	women	
serving as Board members  
(30%	female	representation).
•	 The	Senior	Management	team	
does	not	sit	on	the	Board.

---- Page 51 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
99
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review98
Who We Are
Corporate governance o verview Statement
We ensure that the Board Chair is independent by refraining from 
committee	memberships,	enhancing	our	board	governance.	This	
intentional	approach	prevents	self-review	and	mitigates	the	risk	of	
compromising	objectivity,	especially	concerning	observations	and	
recommendations	from	Board	Committees.
Board Access to management, Company Secretaries, 
Information and external experts
The Board maintains direct access to the Senior Management 
team,	ensuring	transparency	and	effective	decision-making	
through	unrestricted	access	to	CelcomDigi’s	business	information.
Our	Company	Secretaries,	who	are	qualified	under	Section	235	
of	the	Companies	Act	2016	(Act),	provide	complete	support,	
which	includes	participating	in	Board	and	Board	Committees	
meetings,	preparing	minutes,	and	giving	regulatory	advice,	such	
as	the	Act,	MMLR,	and	other	requirements,	to	help	the	Directors	
fulfil	their	duties.	
Meeting	materials	are	securely	delivered	through	an	electronic	
Board	portal	at	least	12	days	prior	to	the	board	meetings.	
Board	calendars	and	agendas	are	set	in	advance,	and	all	Board	
members	are	expected	to	attend	the	scheduled	Board	meetings	
and	relevant	Board	Committees	meetings	as	well	as	the	general	
meetings.	
 
Urgent	ad	hoc	meetings	are	arranged	in	consultation	with	the	
Chair	and	Deputy	Chair.	The	Board	and	Board	Committees	can	
access	external	information	and	expert	advice,	when	necessary,	
facilitated by independent external experts at the Company’s 
expense.	
The Company Secretaries keep abreast of regulatory changes and 
corporate	governance	developments	through	continuous	training.	
The	Board	is	satisfied	with	the	performance	and	support	rendered	
by	the	Company	Secretaries	to	the	Board	in	fulfilling	their	duties.
Board meetings
Directors	demonstrated	full	commitment	with	attendance	at	Board	meetings	during	the	financial	year.	There	were	18	Board	
meetings	held	during	the	year	2023,	focusing	on	post-merger	activities.	Similarly,	the	BAC,	BGRMC,	and	BNRC	meetings	were	
held	in	2023	and	attended	by	all	Board	Committee	members.
Current Directors
Board meetings
Attendance %
Tengku	Dato’	Sri	Azmil	Zahruddin	Raja	Abdul	Aziz1	(Chair	of	the	Board) 17/17	 100
Haakon	Bruaset	Kjoel	(Deputy	Chair	of	the	Board) 18/18	 100
Vivek Sood 1 17/17	 100
Rita Skjaervik 18/18	 100
Dr	Shridhir	Sariputta	Hansa	Wijayasuriya 18/18	 100
Tan Sri Abdul Farid Alias 18/18	 100
Vimala	V.R.	Menon 18/18	 100
Datuk	Iain	John	Lo 17/18	 94
Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed 18/18	 100
Kasper Wold Kaarbø 2 N/A	 N/A
Former Directors
Tan	Sri	Halim	Shafie3 1/1	 100
Thayaparan S Sangarapillai 3 1/1	 100
Jørgen	Christian	Arentz	Rostrup4 14/14	 100
Petter-Børre	Furberg5 4/4	 100
Notes:
1	 Appointed	on	19	 January	2023
2	 Appointed	on	15	March	2024
3	 Resigned	on	19	 January	2023
4 Resigned on 1 October 2023
5 Appointed on 1 October 2023 and 
Resigned	on	15	March	2024
51 hrs
Total hours of the 
Board	meetings
99.8%
Overall	%	of	the	Board	
meetings	attended	by	Directors
90 hrs
Total hours of the Board and 
Board	Committee	meetings
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Board Activities 
During	the	review	year,	the	Board	focused	on	five	key	areas,	as	outlined	below:
Activities
Strategy •	 Reviewed	and	approved	Group	strategy,	ambitions,	and	targets.
•	 Oversaw	the	implementation	of	Group	strategy,	and	business	plan.
•	 Reviewed	and	approved	Strategic	Projects:	M&A	and	inorganic	proposals.
•	 Discussed	DNB	Equity	Participation	and	Access	Agreement.
•	 Approved	a	future	ready	Brand	Architecture.
•	 Approved	the	2024	Business	Plan	and	Corporate	Scorecard.
•	 Discussed	Succession	Planning.
•	 Discussed	Organisation	Plan,	people,	and	culture	integration.
•	 Reviewed	and	discussed	on	IT/system	integration.
Financial 
Performance
•	 Reviewed	and	approved	2024	Capital	Expenditure.
•	 Approved	Quarterly	Financial	Results	and	Quarterly	Interim	Dividend.
•	 Reviewed	and	approved	Audited	Financial	Statements	for	financial	year	ended	(FYE)	31	December	2022.
•	 Approved	Related	Party	Transactions	and/or	Recurrent	RPTs	by	CelcomDigi	Group.
•	 Recommended	re-appointment	of	Ernst	&	Young	PLT	as	external	auditor	for	FYE	31	December	2023.
•	 Approved	the	establishment	of	Executive	Share	Grant	Plan	for	Senior	Management.
Risk and Internal 
Controls
•	 Reviewed	Enterprise	Risk	and	Opportunities	status	update.
•	 Evaluated	risk	assessment	encompassing	financial	and	non-financial	aspects.
•	 Reviewed	internal	controls	and	mitigation	measures.
•	 Reviewed	strategic	investment	proposals	in	relation	to	assessment	related	key	risks	and	mitigation	plans.
•	 Approved	Internal	Audit	Plan	2023.
•	 Approved	the	Statement	on	Risk	and	Internal	Control	for	the	Integrated	Annual	Report	2022.
Governance •	 Reviewed	compliance	with	the	MCCG,	the	Act,	and	MMLR.
•	 Approved	the	Integrated	Annual	Report	2022	and	CG	Report.
•	 Approved	Circular	to	shareholders	in	relation	to	the	Proposed	New	and	Renewal	Shareholders’	Mandate	
for	Recurrent	RPTs,	proposed	change	of	company	name	from	‘Digi.Com	Berhad’	to	‘CelcomDigi	Berhad’	
and	proposed	adoption	of	new	constitution	for	shareholders’	approval.
•	 Analysed	Performance	Evaluation	for	Board	and	Board	Committee	members.
•	 Reviewed	Anti-Corruption	and	compliance	updates.
•	 Approved	Board	Calendar	and	Meeting	plans	2023.
•	 Received	Minutes	of	Meeting	of	Board	Committees.
•	 Recommended	payment	of	Directors’	fees	and	benefits	payable	to	Non-Executive	Director	(NED)	for	
shareholders’	approval.
•	 Approved	convening	the	26th	Virtual	Annual	General	Meeting	(AGM)	and	Extraordinary	General	Meeting	
(EGM).
•	 Recommended	Directors	standing	for	re-election	at	the	AGM.
•	 Approved	Board	Annual	Wheel	and	Board	calendar	2024.
•	 Approved	TOR	of	BAC,	BGRMC	and	BNRC,	Board	Charter,	CEO	Charter,	Fit	&	Proper	Policy,	and	other	
policies	and	manuals.	
•	 Approved	Conflicts	of	Interests	Policy.
•	 Reviewed	and	approved	changes	in	directors	across	the	Company,	subsidiaries,	and	investment	companies.
Sustainability •	 Reviewed	and	discussed	Sustainability	Framework.
•	 Reviewed	ESG	Programme	and	Activities.
•	 Reviewed	2023	material	matters	through	Materiality	Assessment	exercise	conducted	with	external	and	
internal	stakeholders.
•	 Discussed	short,	medium,	and	long-term	climate	actions	and	roadmap.

---- Page 52 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
101
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review100
Who We Are
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Board Appointment Process
Board	appointments	are	a	meticulous	and	thorough	
process,	ensuring	the	selection	of	Directors	are	aligned	
with	the	Company’s	values	and	strategic	goals.	The	
responsibility	of	appointments	lies	with	the	Board,	acting	
upon	recommendations	from	the	BNRC.	Appointments	have	
due	regard	to	our	Fit	and	Proper	(F&P)	Policy	taking	into	
consideration	the	benefits	of	diversity.	Appointments	are	
made	based	on	merit	against	objective	criteria,	with	a	focus	
on	ensuring	a	well-balanced	mix	of	personality,	skills,	and	
experience	in	line	with	approved	selection	criteria.	
The	BNRC	plays	a	crucial	role	in	developing	specifications	
for	required	skills	and	experience,	and	external	recruitment	
consultants	are	engaged	when	necessary.	The	existing	
appointment	process	is	deemed	adequate	by	the	Board,	
involving	thorough	assessment	of	skills,	experience,	
competency,	and	knowledge	of	individual	candidates.
Process Summary:
Board effectiveness evaluation (Bee) 
The	internally	conducted	BEE	2023	aimed	at	assessing	the	
overall	effectiveness	of	the	Board	and	identifying	areas	for	
improvement.	To	ensure	the	independence	of	our	Independent	
Non-Executive	Directors	(INEDs),	this	annual	self-assessment	
on	independence	is	mandatory.	All	10	directors	participated,	
with	results	kept	confidential	by	the	Company	Secretary,	
and a summary is presented to the BNRC and the Board for 
discussion.
key Assessment Sections:
The	BEE	2023	findings	indicated	the	Board’s	success	in	
providing	strategic	guidance,	effective	monitoring,	and	astute	
evaluation	of	management	proposals.	The	Board	demonstrated	
commitment	to	aligning	company	integrity	with	financial,	
regulatory,	and	internal	processes.	Furthermore,	the	Board	
remained consistent in the need to stay informed about 
developments	and	initiatives	related	to	ESG.	The	BEE	also	
highlighted	that	the	management	and	operation	of	the	Board	
were	sufficiently	addressed	in	2023.	
The	Board	expressed	satisfaction	with	the	BEE	2023	findings,	
acknowledging	their	continued	effective	discharge	of	duties.	
The	diligent	and	efficient	performance	of	respective	Board	
Committees	was	noted,	and	the	Board	believes	the	overall	
process	was	well	managed.	
Identification	of	required	skills
Step
1
Selection/assessment	of	candidates/
Directors
Step
2
‘Fit and proper’ assessment based on the 
criteria	in	the	F&P	Policy
Step
3
Interaction	with	candidates(s)/Director(s)
Step
4
BNRC’s	deliberation	and	confirmation	of	
suitability
Step
5
BNRC’s	recommendation	for	Board’s	
approval
Step
6
Decision by Board on recommended 
appointment/re-election	
Step
7
Section 1
Board	Leadership	and	Effectiveness
Section 2
Board	Committees’	Evaluation
Section 3
Board	and	Directors’	Self/Peer	Assessment
Section 4
Self-Assessment of Board Skills Matrix and Experience
Section 5
Level	of	Independence	for	Independent	Director
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Achievement of 2023 Priorities 
The	Board	focused	on	continuing	priorities	in	the	first	year	post-merger,	and	accomplished	the	following:	
merger Integration and 
Synergies Strategy
Successful	implementation	of	
Year	1	initiatives	of	a	comprehensive	
merger	integration	plan	resulting	in	
increased	operational	efficiencies	
and	synergies.
Organisation
Development
Established	new	culture	and	values,	
placement	of	key	leadership	layers,	
and	the	right	organisation	structure.
Sustainability and 
Corporate Responsibility 
Integration	of	sustainability	
practices	into	the	business	strategy,	
emphasising environmental and social 
responsibility,	and	maintaining	a	long-
term	commitment	to	sustainability.
Induction and Continuous Professional Development
The	BNRC	facilitates	and	reviews	internal	and	external	training	programmes	annually,	ensuring	our	Directors	stay	abreast	of	the	latest	
knowledge	and	skills.	Additionally,	CelcomDigi	organises	market	visits,	providing	insights	into	business	operations	and	market	outlook.	
All	directors	have	fulfilled	the	requirements	of	the	Mandatory	Accreditation	Programme	Part	I,	except	for	Kasper	Wold	Kaarbø,	
who	was	recently	appointed	on	15	March	2024,	and	has	not	yet	completed	the	programme.	The	Directors	have	acknowledged	
the	amendments	to	the	MMLR	related	to	sustainability	training	and	have	committed	to	attending	the	Mandatory	Accreditation	
Programme	Part	II	on	Leading	for	Impact	within	the	stipulated	timeline.	Throughout	the	financial	year	2023,	our	Directors	actively	
participated	in	various	training	programs	listed	below:
n ame of Director Training Programmes Attended
T engku Dato’ Sri 
Azmil Zahruddin 
Raja Abdul Aziz
•	 UEM	Edgenta	Berhad	Annual	Management	Dialogue	–	GLCs	Role	in	Malaysia’s	Economic	Transformation
•	 Board	ESG	Governance:	Navigating	the	Board’s	role	in	ESG	KPIs,	GRC,	and	Executive	Compensation
•	 A	Leadership	agenda:	Driving	trust	from	the	top
•	 IASB-MASB	Virtual	Outreach	on	Post-implementation	Review	of	IFRS9	Financial	Instrument	-	
Impairment
•	 PNB	Knowledge	Forum	–	Harnessing	Innovation	and	Technology	for	Sustainable	Business
•	 CelcomDigi	MY5G	CEO	Roundtable	–	Realising	the	True	Potential	of	5G	for	Malaysian	Businesses
•	 Mandatory	General	Offer	–	Duties	of	the	Offerer	and	Ultimate	Offerer
•	 EPF	Strategy	Meeting	–	Panel	Session	–	Organisational	Culture	Transformation
•	 Khazanah	Megatrend	Forum	–	Orchestrating	a	New	Development	Bargain	for	Sustainable	Growth
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
•	 CelcomDigi:	Board	Strategy	Workshop
Haakon Bruaset 
kjoel
•	 CelcomDigi:	Board	Strategy	Workshop
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
•	 EY	Management	of	Cyber	Risk
•	 Singapore	Institute	of	Directors	(SID)	Directors	Conference	2023
•	 Board	ESG	Governance:	Navigating	the	Board’s	role	in	ESG	KPIs,	GRC,	and	Executive	Compensation
•	 INSEAD	International	Directors	Programme
Vivek Sood •	 Mobile	World	Congress	2023	Barcelona
•	 CelcomDigi:	Board	Strategy	Workshop
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
•	 Board	ESG	Governance:	Navigating	the	Board’s	role	in	ESG	KPIs,	GRC,	and	Executive	Compensation
•	 Advocacy	Sessions	for	Directors	and	CEOs	of	Main	Market	Listed	Issuers
•	 Axiata	GR&C	Annual	Conference	2023
•	 Artificial	Intelligence
•	 Board	Briefing	on	M&A	Framework
•	 What	Worked	for	Deutsche	as	guest	speaker	session

---- Page 53 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
103
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review102
Who We Are
Corporate governance o verview Statement
n ame of Director Training Programmes Attended
Rita Skjaervik •	 CelcomDigi:	Board	Strategy	Workshop
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
•	 Advocacy	Sessions	for	Directors	and	CEOs	of	Main	Market	Listed	Issuers
•	 Board	ESG	Governance:	Navigating	the	Board’s	role	in	ESG	KPIs,	GRC,	and	Executive	Compensation
•	 Finance	–	Profit	and	Balance,	Calculates	key	figures,	Hidden	value	items,	Crisis	symptoms,	etc
•	 How	to	Develop	Resilient	Businesses,	Teams,	and	Leaders
Dr Shridhir 
Sariputta Hansa 
wijayasuriya
•	 CelcomDigi:	Board	Strategy	Workshop
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
•	 Board	ESG	Governance:	Navigating	the	Board’s	role	in	ESG	KPIs,	GRC,	and	Executive	Compensation
•	 Mobile	World	Congress	2023	Barcelona
•	 TM	Forum	in	Bangkok	as	a	speaker
•	 What	Worked	for	Deutsche	as	guest	speaker	session
•	 Axiata	GR&C	Annual	Conference	2023
•	 M360	APAC	Seoul
•	 Artificial	Intelligence	
•	 Board	Briefing	on	M&A	Framework
Tan Sri Abdul 
Farid Alias
•	 CelcomDigi:	Board	Strategy	Workshop
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
•	 Board	ESG	Governance:	Navigating	the	Board’s	role	in	ESG	KPIs,	GRC,	and	Executive	Compensation
•	 Invest	Malaysia	Kuala	Lumpur	–	Reshaping	Malaysia’s	Narrative
•	 Cloud	Adoption	–	Overview	and	Trends
•	 Invest	Malaysia	Series	2	–	Digital	Malaysia
•	 Mandatory	Accreditation	Programme	Part	II:	Leading	for	Impact
•	 IMKL:	Launch	of	the	National	Energy	Transition	Roadmap
•	 Conflicts	of	Interest	and	Governance	of	COI
•	 Global	Market	and	Economic	Outlook
•	 Global	Capital	Market	Trends	&	Opportunities	for	Malaysia
•	 Guardians	of	Integrity	Elevating	Board	Oversights	in	Anti-Fraud,	Bribery,	and	Corruption
•	 Capacity	Building	Workshop	on	ESG	and	Corporate	Greenhouse	Gas	Accounting	and	Reporting
•	 LED	1	–	Listed	Entity	Director	Essential
•	 LED	2	–	Board	Dynamics
•	 LED	3	–	Board	Performance
•	 LED	4	–	Stakeholder	Engagement
•	 LED	5	–	Audit	Committee	Essentials
•	 LED	6	–	Board	Risk	Committee
•	 LED	9	–	Environmental,	Social	&	Governance	Essentials	(Core)
•	 BPMB	Leadership	–	Leadership	Metamorphosis:	Embrace	Inspiring	Progress
vimala v .R. 
Menon
•	 Mandatory	Accreditation	Programme	Part	II:	Leading	for	Impact
•	 MFRS	Updates	2023
•	 CelcomDigi:	Board	Strategy	Workshop
•	 Management	of	Cyber	Risk
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
•	 Advocacy	Sessions	for	Directors	and	CEOs	of	Main	Market	Listed	Issuers
•	 Board	ESG	Governance:	Navigating	the	Board’s	role	in	ESG	KPIs,	GRC,	and	Executive	Compensation
•	 Economic	Update	2023	Volatility	and	Opportunity
•	 ICAEW	Regional	Forum	CPTPP	and	RCEP
Corporate governance o verview Statement
n ame of Director Training Programmes Attended
Datuk Iain John Lo •	 BNM	Climate	Change	Principle	Based	Taxonomy	(CCPT)	Classification	and	RHB	ESG	Risk	Assessment	
Process
•	 Anti	Money	Laundering	and	Countering	Terrorism	Financing	(AML/CFT)
•	 Risk	Management	in	Share	Margin	Financing
•	 Board	ESG	Governance:	Navigating	the	Board’s	role	in	ESG	KPIs,	GRC,	and	Executive	Compensation
•	 Key	Updates	on	Malaysian	Taxation	and	Budget	2023
•	 Cloud	Awareness	Engagement
•	 Awareness	on	Zero	Day	Malware
•	 Net	Zero	within	Financial	Institutions
•	 Advocacy	Session	for	Directors	and	CEOs	of	Main	Market	Listed	Issuers
•	 Management	of	Cyber	Risks
•	 Energy	Transition	and	its	Impact	on	the	Future	Workforce
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
•	 What	amounts	to	COI
•	 Business	Sustainability	Programme
•	 IFRS17,	e-invoicing,	IFRS	S1
•	 Islamic	Finance,	Islamic	Fintech	and	Digital	Banking
•	 Conversation	with	Audit	Committees
•	 Mandatory	Accreditation	Programme	Part	II:	Leading	for	Impact
khatijah Shah 
Mohamed
•	 CelcomDigi:	Board	Strategy	Workshop
•	 Management	of	Cyber	Risk
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
•	 Board	ESG	Governance:	Navigating	the	Board’s	role	in	ESG	KPIs,	GRC,	and	Executive	Compensation
•	 Navigating	Risk	Horizons:	Building	Resilience	for	a	Thriving	Economy
•	 Telekom	Mobility	Report	Ericsson
•	 IDCM	Power	Talk	-	Generative	AI:	An	opportunity	or	Risk?
Petter-Børre 
Furberg 1
•	 CelcomDigi:	Board	Strategy	Workshop
•	 CelcomDigi:	Introduction	to	5G	Opportunities
Note:
1	 Resigned	on	15	March	2024
Board nomination and Remuneration Committee (BnRC) Report
Committee membership meetings Attended
Datuk	Iain	John	Lo	(Chair	of	BNRC) 6/6	
Tan Sri Abdul Farid Alias 6/6	
Vimala	V.R.	Menon 6/6	
The	BNRC	comprises	of	three	INEDs	and	is	chaired	by	Datuk	Iain	John	Lo.	
The	principal	duties	of	our	BNRC	are	to:
(i)	 lead	succession	planning	and	appointment	of 	Board	members	in	CelcomDigi;
(ii)	 oversee	the	development	of	a	diverse	pipeline	for	Board	and	Senior	Management’s	succession;	
(iii)	lead	annual	review 	of	Board	effectiveness,	ensuring	that	the	performance	of 	the	Board,	each	individual	Director	and	the	Chair	
of the Board are independently assessed; and
(iv)	review	the	performance	of	Senior	Management	through	company	scorecards.

---- Page 54 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
105
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review104
Who We Are
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Functions of the BnRC and Related Activities in 2023
Board Succession Plan
The	BNRC	plays	a	crucial	role	in	overseeing	the	Board	Succession	Plan,	ensuring	the	proper 	succession	planning	for	Directors	
and	reviewing	the	necessary	mix	of	skills	and	experience.	This	includes	evaluating	the	tenure	of	Independent	Directors,	proposing	
retirement,	and	making	recommendations	for	the	re-election	of	Directors.	
During	the	year	under	review,	there	were	changes	made	to	our	Board	composition.	Tan	Sri	Halim	Shafie,	and	Thayaparan	S	
Sangarapillai	both	resigned	on	19	January	2023,	while	Jørgen	Christian	Arentz	Rostrup	resigned	on	1	October	2023.	On	19	
January	2023,	Tengku	Dato’	Sri	Azmil	Zahruddin	Raja	Abdul	Aziz	assumed	the	role	of	Chair	of	the	Board	and	Non-Independent	
Non-Executive	Director,	and	Vivek	Sood	joined	as	Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director 	on	19	January	2023.	Subsequently,	
on	1	October	2023,	Petter-Børre	Furberg	took	up	the	role	of	Deputy	Chair	and	Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director.	Kasper	
Wold	Kaarbø	was	appointed	as	a	Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director 	on	15	March	2024.	Petter-Børre	Furberg	stepped	
down	on	the	same	date,	and	Haakon	Bruaset	Kjoel	became	the	Deputy 	Chair	of	the	Board.
Stringent	fit	and	proper	criteria	were	applied	to	all	board	members.	The	BRNC	conducted	assessment,	confirming	that	the 	
individuals	met	the	requirements	outlined	in	the	F&P 	Policy	for	their	appointments	as	Directors.
In	compliance	with	the	MMLR,	CelcomDigi	restricts	the	tenure	of	independent	directors	to	not	exceed	a	cumulative	term	of 	12	
years.	Annual	assessments	affirm	their	independence.	As	of	FYE	2023,	no	Director	has	exceeded	nine	years	as	an	Independent	
Director.	The	Board	is	satisfied	with	the	level	of	independence	demonstrated	by	all	the	Independent	Directors	and	their	abilities	to	
act	in	the	best	interest	of	the	Company.
Directors’ Re-election
In	adherence	to	relevant	requirements,	the	Directors’	retirement	rotation	list	was	presented	to	the	BNRC	for	endorsement	prior	
to	recommendation	to	the	Board,	and	subsequently,	to	the	shareholders	for 	approval.	This	recommendation	is	derived	from	
their	annual	evaluation,	independence	assessment,	and	fit	and	proper 	criteria,	all	assessed	by	the	BNRC	before	presenting	for	
recommendations	to	the	Board	for	deliberation	and	approval.
Directors	retiring	pursuant	to	Article	104(A)	and	104(E)	of	the	Company’s	Constitution	are	as	follows:	
Article 104(A) Article 104(e)
(i)	 Haakon	Bruaset	Kjoel
(ii)	 Datuk	Iain	 John	Lo
(iii)	 Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed
(i)	 Kasper 	Wold	Kaarbø
During	the	BNRC	meeting	held	on	5	March	2024,	the	BNRC	assessed	 whether	all	retiring	Directors	met	the	fit	and	proper	criteria,	
noting	their	compliance	with	the	policy	to	continue	their	services	as	directors.	All	the	retiring	Directors	have	given	their	consent	
for	the	re-election	at	the	27th	AGM.
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Directors’ Remuneration 
The	Board	remuneration	structure	is	aligned	to	our	strategic	objectives,	facilitating	the	attraction,	motivation,	and	retention	of 	
high	calibre	talent.	It	incorporates	market	practices	and	trends,	 with	specific	focus	on	attracting	and	retaining	high-performing 	
NEDs.	Each	of	the	NEDs	abstains	from	participating	in	discussions	or 	voting	on	their	individual	remuneration.	NEDs	namely	
Haakon	Bruaset	Kjoel,	Rita	Skjaervik,	Kasper	Wold	Kaarbø,	Vivek	Sood,	and	Dr	Shridhir	Sariputta	Hansa	Wijayasuriya,	who	are	
nominee	representatives	from	our	major	shareholders,	receive	remuneration	from	their	employing	companies	within	the	Telenor	
and	Axiata	Group,	without	any	compensation	from	CelcomDigi.	
non-executive Directors
Directors’ Fees 
(RM)
Benefits-in-kind
(RM) T otal
Tengku	Dato’	Sri	Azmil	Zahruddin	Raja	Abdul	Aziz1 513,871 8,208 522,079
Haakon Bruaset Kjoel Nil Nil Nil
Vivek Sood 1 Nil Nil Nil
Rita Skjaervik Nil Nil Nil
Dr	Shridhir	Sariputta	Hansa	Wijayasuriya Nil Nil Nil
Kasper Wold Kaarbø 2 Nil Nil Nil
Tan Sri Abdul Farid Alias 459,000 10,661 469,661
Vimala	V.R.	Menon 391,500 4,940 396,440
Datuk	Iain	John	Lo 445,500 9,343 454,843
Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed 405,000 6,126 411,126
Tan	Sri	Halim	Shafie3 26,129 4,735 30,864
Thayaparan S Sangarapillai 3 19,597 4,735 24,332
Jørgen	Christian	Arentz	Rostrup4 Nil Nil Nil
Petter-Børre	Furberg5 Nil Nil Nil
T otal 2,260,597 48,748 2,309,345
Notes:
1	 Appointed	on	19	 January	2023	
2	 Appointed	on	15	March	2024
3	 Resigned	on	19	 January	2023
4 Resigned on 1 October 2023
5	 Appointed	on	1	October 	2023	and	Resigned	on	15	March	2024
Ce O and Senior Management Performance Appraisal 
The	BNRC	conducted	a	thorough	review	of	the	CEO	and	the	Senior	Management’s	2023	scorecard,	evaluating	their	performance	
against	set	targets	in	a	meeting	in	February	2024.	The	remuneration	packages	and	incentives	are	designed	to	align	 with	best	
practices	in	remuneration,	retention,	and	reward,	ensuring	the	Group’s	ability 	to	attract	and	retain	top	talents.
Moreover,	the	BNRC	dedicated	numerous	meetings	to	examine	and	establish	a	Proposed	Executive	Share	Grant	Plan	for 	Senior	
Management.	In	parallel,	management	succession	planning	received	focused	attention	and	underwent	a	comprehensive	review 	
throughout	the	year.

---- Page 55 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
107
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review106
Who We Are
Corporate governance o verview Statement
BnRC’s effectiveness Review and Performance
Based	on	the	BEE	2023	findings,	the	Board	affirms	the	effective	performance	of 	the	BNRC	in	fulfilling	its	duties	and	functions 	
throughout	the	year,	thus	providing	valuable	contribution	to	the	Board.	The	Board	is	satisfied	with	the	performance	and	
effectiveness	of	the	BNRC	in	providing	sound	advice	and	recommendations	to	the	Board,	particularly 	on	managing	competencies	
and	succession	planning	for	Directors	and	Senior	Management.	
Summary Activities of the BnRC as below:
main Activities for 2023
•	 Conducted	the	annual	assessment	and	review	of	the	
composition	of	the	Board	and	Board	Committees.
•	 Completed	the	assessment	on	Senior	Management	
Remuneration.
•	 Reviewed	the	2023	and	2024	Corporate	Scorecard	and	
Management	Priorities.
•	 Reviewed	TOR	of	BNRC.
•	 Reviewed	the	Directors’	Fees	and	Benefits	Payable. •	 Reviewed	the	assessment	on	Job	Architecture	Implementation.
•	 Reviewed	Directors’	training	requirements. •	 Reviewed	Succession	Planning	for	Senior	Management.
•	 Recommended	the	re-election	of	Directors	retiring	at	the	
26th	AGM.
•	 Reviewed	Senior	Management	Team	and	Structural	Change.
•	 Reviewed	the	BNRC	Report	for	inclusion	in	the	Integrated	
Annual	Report.
•	 Reviewed	the	proposed	new	directors	for	the	Company,	its	
subsidiaries	and	investment	companies.
•	 Reviewed	Senior	Management	Remuneration	Policy. •	 Conducted	a	comprehensive	BEE.
•	 Reviewed	the	establishment	of	the	Proposed	Executive	
Share	Grant	Plan	for	Senior	Management.
Principle B – e ffective Audit and Risk m anagement
The	Board	Audit	Committee	(BAC)	is	dedicated	to	supporting	the	Board	in	fulfilling	its	statutory 	and	fiduciary	responsibilities	for	
the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	(the	Group).	The	BAC	plays	a	key	role	in	enhancing	overall	efficiency	by	independently	reviewing	
the	Company’s	financial,	operating,	and	compliance	controls.	 This	includes	assessing	the	effectiveness	of	the	internal	and	external	
auditors,	guided	by	factors	as	prescribed	under	Paragraph	15.21	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	(MMLR).	
The	BAC	roles	and	responsibilities	are	set	out	in	its	revised	 TOR,	which	includes	reporting	on	any	Conflict	of	Interest	(COI)	or	
potential	COI	situations	within	the	Company	or	Group	during	the	financial	year,	together	with	measures	to	resolve,	eliminate,	or	
mitigate	such	conflicts.	The	BAC	is	guided	by	the	Internal	Audit	Charter,	approved	by	the	Board,	and	aligned	with	the	MMLR,	to	
fulfil	its	duties	and	responsibilities.	
Composition of the BAC and Attendance of m eetings 
The	BAC	comprises	the	following	Independent	Non-Executive	Directors: 	
Committee membership meetings Attended 
Tan	Sri	Abdul	Farid	Alias	(Chair	of	BAC) 9/9	
Vimala	V.R.	Menon 9/9	
Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed 9/9	
Board Audit Committee (BAC) Report
Corporate governance o verview Statement
The	BAC	discharges	its	responsibilities	through	its	scheduled	meetings	during	the	 year	which	covers	the	matters	under	the	
purview	of	the	BAC.	A	total	of	nine	meetings	were	held	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023.	
Summary of BAC Activities
During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	BAC	carried	out	the	following	activities	in	the	discharge	of 	its	roles	and	responsibilities:	
Activities
Internal Audit a)	 Deliberated	the	risk-based	Annual	Audit	Plan	to	ensure	adequate	scope	and	comprehensive	coverage 	
of	CelcomDigi’s	activities,	prior	to	recommending	to	the	Board	for	approval.	Monitored	the	progress	
of	the	planned	audit	reviews	and	approved	changes	to	the	 Annual	Audit	Plan	2023,	in	response	to	
changes	in	the	risk	environment	and	ad	hoc	requests	from	CelcomDigi	Management. 	
b)	 Reviewed	and	deliberated	on	the	significant	audit	findings,	audit	recommendations,	and	the	adequacy 	
of	the	Management	teams’	corrective	actions.	Significant	issues	were	discussed	at	length	with	the	
presence	of	relevant	Senior	Management	team	members	to	ensure	satisfactory	and	timely	remediation	
of	agreed	corrective	actions,	to	address	and	mitigate	identified	risks.
c)	 Monitored	the	progress	of	Management	corrective	actions	on	outstanding	audit	findings	on	a	quarterly 	
basis,	to	ensure	that	all	corrective	actions	to	close	identified	gaps	had	been	implemented	based	on 	
committed	timelines,	until	the	BAC	was	satisfied	that	adequate	controls	were	in	place.	
d)	 Provided	guidance	on	ad	hoc	matters	arising	from	ongoing	internal	audit	reviews	and	activities. 	
e)	 Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	Internal	Audit	function	through	evaluation	of	its	performance	and	
competencies,	as	well	as	monitoring	the	adequacy	of	resources	and	total	costs,	to	ensure	that	it	had	
the	required	expertise	and	professionalism	to	discharge	its	duties. 	
f)	 Reviewed	and	deliberated	on	investigation	findings	and	the	CelcomDigi	Management	teams’ 	
recommendations	on	remedial	actions	that	included	disciplinary 	and/or	corrective	actions.	Discussions	
were	conducted	on	the	root	cause	of	the	incidents	and	the	risk	exposure	to	the	Company.	Periodic 	
updates	were	furnished	to	the	BAC	to	ensure	adequate	and	timely 	resolution	of	the	remedial	actions.
g)	 Reviewed	the	COI	policies	and	procedures	on	the	reporting	of 	any	COI,	or	potential	COI	situations	to	
the	Board,	pursuant	to	the	MMLR.
Financial 
Reporting
a)	 Reviewed	CelcomDigi	unaudited	quarterly	financial	results	and	audited	annual	financial	statements, 	
and	related	announcements,	before	recommending	for	Board	approval,	including:	
•	 Deliberation	on	significant	audit	and	accounting	matters	highlighted,	comprising	Management 	
judgement,	estimates	or	assessments	made	and	the	adequacy	of	disclosures	in	the	financial	
statements; and 
•	 Discussion	of	significant	financial	matters	to	ensure	compliance	 with	the	Malaysian	Financial	
Reporting	Standards	(MFRS)	and	internal	accounting	policies. 	
external Audit a)	 Reviewed	the	scope	of	work	of	the	external	auditors	confirming	their	independence	and	objectivity.	
b)	 Reviewed	external	auditors’	Management	Letter	together	with	Management’s	responses,	to	ensure	
that	appropriate	actions	have	been	taken.	
c)	 Monitored	on	a	quarterly	basis,	all	non-audit	services	and	fees	incurred	in	 which	the	external	auditors	
were	engaged,	taking	into	account	external	auditors’ 	independence	and	objectivity.	The	amount	
incurred by CelcomDigi in respect of audit fees and non-audit related fees for services rendered by the 
external	auditors	is	disclosed	on	page	120	in	the	Additional	Compliance	Information	in	this	report.
d)	 Met	privately	with	the	external	auditors	at	the	BAC	meetings	to	ensure	there	 were	no	restrictions	to	
the	scope	of	their	audit	and	discussed	significant	matters	that	arose	during	audit. 	
e)	 Evaluated	the	performance	of	the	external	auditors	and	made	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the 	
appointment	of	a	single	auditor,	subject	to	the	approval	of	CelcomDigi	shareholders	at	the	Annual	
General	Meeting.	

---- Page 56 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
109
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review108
Who We Are
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Activities
Related Party 
Transactions
a)	 Reviewed	the	mandate	compiled	for	recurrent	related	party	transactions.	
b)	 Reviewed	related	party	transactions	as	disclosed	in	the	financial	statements	and	performed	quarterly 	
monitoring	of	the	mandate	for	recurrent	related	party	transactions	to	ensure	compliance	with	the	
MMLR	and	internal	policies	and	procedures.	
c)	 Reviewed	and	deliberated	new	related	party	transactions	to	ensure	that	the	terms	and	conditions	of 	
the	transactions	are	commercially	based	and	performed	at	arm’s	length.	
Conflict of 
Interest
a)	 Monitoring	conflict	of	interest	situations	that	persist	or	may	arise	within	the	Company,	including	
any	transaction,	procedure,	or	course	of	conduct	that	raises	questions	of	management	integrity,	
and	the	measures	taken	to	resolve,	eliminate,	or	mitigate	such	conflicts,	had	been	added	to	the	BAC 	
responsibilities.	Further	to	the	expanded	BAC	responsibilities	covering	conflict	of 	interest,	the	BAC	has	
reviewed	the	conflict	of	interest	situations	declared	by	directors	and	reported	to	the	Board	accordingly,	
ensured	the	interested	directors	abstained	from	deliberation	and	 voting	on	the	transactions.	
Other Activities a)	 Reviewed	and	recommended	to	the	Board,	the	BAC	Report,	Directors’ 	Responsibility	Statement,	and	
Statement	on	Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control,	for	inclusion	into	the	Integrated	Annual	Report.
b)	 Reviewed	and	recommended	the	revised	TOR	of	BAC	for	Board’s	approval.
c)	 Reviewed	the	proposed	dividend	payout	on	a	quarterly 	basis,	taking	into	consideration	the	cash	flow	
requirements	before	recommending	for	Board’s	approval.
Internal Audit Function
The	Internal	Audit	(IA)	function	operates	based	on	the	risk-based	 Annual	Audit	Plan	approved	by	the	BAC,	that	covers	areas	
such	as	governance,	risk	management,	and	internal	control	processes,	including	regulatory 	compliance	such	as	related	party	
transactions.	
IA	employs	a	risk-based	methodology	in	its	preparation	of	the	Annual	Audit	Plan,	aligning	with	the	Company’s	objectives,	risk	
appetite,	and	profile,	with	input	from	BAC	and	Senior	Management	team.	
At	the	quarterly	BAC	meetings,	IA	presents	progress	updates	of	its	Annual	Audit	Plan,	including	the	key	findings	from	audit	reports	
and	the	corresponding	audit	opinion,	audit	recommendations,	and	corrective	actions.	 Agreed-upon	corrective	actions	are	tracked,	
ensuring	resolution	and	closure	within	the	specified	completion	date.	
Scope and Coverage 
In	2023,	IA	conducted	20	engagements	(includes	advisory	and	ad	hoc	reviews)	covering	areas	such	as	Finance,	IT	systems	and	
network,	Enterprise	cross-selling,	warehouse	operations,	Universal	Service	Providers,	dealer 	management,	and	Recurring	Related	
Party	Transactions,	including	ad	hoc	audits	requested	by	the	Senior	Management	team.	Internal	investigations	into	misconduct	and 	
breaches	of	the	Code	of	Conduct	were	also	conducted.	
Quality Insurance and Improvement Programme 
IA	maintains	a	Quality	Assurance	and	Improvement	Programme	(QAIP),	appraising	conformity 	with	IA	standards.	Results	are	
reported	to	the	BAC	annually.	IA	has	adopted	Audit	Command	Language	(ACL)	for	data	analytics,	enabling	data-driven	and	digital 	
auditing	and	provided	extensive	coverage	on	the	scope	of 	the	audit	reviews.	IA	upgraded	its	Audit	Management	System,	Pentana	
in	December,	which	enables	a	systematic,	digitalised,	and	consistent	audit	process	and	documentation	of 	audit	work.
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Resources 
 
The	BAC	regularly	reviews	human	resource	requirements	to	ensure	IA	is	well-equipped	with	competent	and	proficient	internal	
auditors.	The	educational	background	of	the	IA	team	is	listed	below:	
educational Background T otal Internal Auditors
IT/Information	System/Computer	Science	 8 
Accounting/Finance/Economics	 8 
Engineering 1	
Quality Management 1	
Others 2 
The	total	operational	costs	of	the	IA	department	for	FY2023	amounted	to	RM4.84	million.	
Professional Qualifications and Continuous Development 
Given	the	growing	importance	of	digital	technologies	and	data	analytics	in	audits,	internal	auditors	need	broader 	skill	sets	
and	enhanced	technological	understanding	to	leverage	technology 	effectively.	The	internal	auditors	are	encouraged	to	obtain	
professional	certifications	to	maintain	a	high	level	of	proficiency.	The	IA	team’s	professional	qualifications	are	listed	below:	
Professional Qualification T otal Internal Auditors Certified
Certified	Information	Systems	Auditor	 5	
Chartered/Certified	Accountants	 7 
Certified	Internal	Auditor	 1	
Certified	Accounting	Technician	 1	
ISO	Lead	Auditor	 1	
Committee membership meetings Attended 
Vivek Sood 1	(Chair	of	BGRMC) 5/5	
Datuk	Iain	John	Lo 5/5	
Haakon Bruaset Kjoel 5/5	
Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed 5/5	
Thayaparan S Sangarapillai 2 N/A
Note:
1	 Appointed	on	19	 January	2023
2	 A	former	Chair	of	the	Committee	who	had	resigned	on	19	January	2023
The	BGRMC	focuses	on	governance,	compliance,	and	risk	management,	including	sustainability.	 The	BGRMC	is	led	by	Vivek	Sood,	
a	NINED,	and	oversees	risk	management,	compliance,	and	governance	frameworks,	and	integrating	sustainability 	considerations	
into	CelcomDigi’s	long-term	strategy	plans.	The	BGRMC	comprises	of	two	INEDs	and	two	NINEDs.	The	BGRMC’s	roles	and	
responsibilities	are	detailed	in	the	BGRMC	TOR	available	at	https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/corporate_governance.html.
Board governance and Risk m anagement Committee (BgRmC) Report

---- Page 57 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
111
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review110
Who We Are
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Summary of Activities
The	BGRMC	conducted	the	following	activities	in	2023:
Activities
Risk management 
and Internal 
Control
a)	 Reviewed	top	enterprise	risks	quarterly,	assessing	threats,	opportunities,	and	mitigation	progress.
b)	 Evaluated	overall	adequacy	and	effectiveness	of	internal	controls	considering	internal	and	external 	
audit	findings.
Compliance a)	 Reviewed	and	provided	a	quarterly	report	on	Compliance	&	Monitoring	programme	roadmap,	training, 	
awareness,	and	procedure	including	process	and	procedures	for 	Integrity	Due	Diligence	and	all	matters	
arising	in	dealing	with	Anti-Corruption	matters.
b)	 Oversaw	corrective	action	upon	Disciplinary	Committee	deliberations	for	consequence	management.	
c)	 Reviewed	Enterprise	Risk	Management,	Compliance	&	Monitoring,	Sustainability,	Cybersecurity, 	
Occupational	Safety	and	Health	&	Supply	Chain	Management,	Regulatory,	and	Privacy	updates,	
wherever	applicable,	for	discussion	at	Governance	Risk	&	Compliance	Committee	Meeting	before	the 	
next	BGRMC	Meeting.	
d)	 Organisation-wide	policy	and	manual	review,	with	periodic	revision	and	updates	by	policy	owners	for	
Board	approval.	
Other Activities a)	 Reviewed	the	circular	on	the	change	of	name	from	‘Digi.Com	Berhad’	to	‘CelcomDigi	Berhad’.
b)	 Reviewed	the	adoption	of	the	new	Constitution.
c)	 Reviewed	the	Integrated	Annual	Report	2022	consisting	of	CG	Overview	Statement,	CG	report,	and	
Statement	of	Internal	Control	and	Risk	Management.
d)	 Reviewed	the	Quarterly	Environmental,	Social	and	Governance	programme	and	strategy.
e)	 Reviewed	the	Health	&	Safety	preparations	for	the	network	consolidation	and	implementation	work,	
Supply	Chain,	and	Vendor	Management.
f)	 Reviewed	the	Quarterly	Cybersecurity	update.
Principle C – Integrity in Corporate Reporting and m eaningful Relationship with Stakeholders
Our Corporate Reporting Integrity
CelcomDigi	is	unwavering	in	its	commitment	to	upholding	corporate	reporting	integrity.	 Through	stringent	efforts,	we	ensure	that	
the	information	presented	in	this	report	is	not	only 	truthful,	reliable,	and	complete	but	also	reflects	our 	dedication	to	transparency	
and	accountability.	The	cornerstone	of	these	efforts	is	the	Reporting	Committee,	a	cross-functional	team	consisting	of 	members	
from	Company	Secretary,	Investor	Relations	(IR),	Sustainability,	Corporate	Strategy,	and	Communications	teams. 	
This	committee	meticulously	reviews	the	report,	aiming	for	a	comprehensive	representation	of	CelcomDigi’s	performance	against	
local	and	international	reporting	standards.	The	multi-layered	review	process,	involving	the	BAC	and	BGRMC,	ensures	compliance 	
with	established	governance	practices	before	the	final	approval	by 	the	Board.	
Our Approach in Communicating with Stakeholders
The	Board	emphasises	the	pivotal	role	of	stakeholder	engagement	in	fostering	good	corporate	governance,	prioritising	open	and 	
transparent	two-way	communications.	We	consider	stakeholders’	insights	into	the	impact	of	our	business	strategies,	ensuring	their	
input	significantly	influences	our	disclosure	practices.	Our	engagement	practices	align	with	the	provisions	of	the	MCCG	concerning	
shareholder	dialogue.
Corporate governance o verview Statement
Our	IR	team	utilises	digital	platforms	to	convey	information	on	CelcomDigi’s	financial	performance,	business	direction,	and 	
strategic	development	to	the	investment	community.	Our	dedicated	IR	website	serves	as	a	comprehensive	platform	for	the	latest	
corporate	information	and	actively	encourages	feedback	and	inquiries	from	stakeholders	and	the	public.	For 	further	details,	
including	digital	engagement	initiatives,	refer	to	Section	3:	Our	Key	Relationships	on	pages	45	to	47.
Conduct of general meetings
CelcomDigi’s	commitment	to	transparent	and	engaging	General	Meetings,	comprising	the	 AGM	and	EGM,	stands	as	a	cornerstone	
for	shareholder	communication.	Our	general	meetings	serve	as	a	pivotal	platform	for	shareholders	to	actively	engage	with	the	
Board	and	Senior	Management	team	in	a	constructive	two-way	dialogue.
Building	on	our	digital	way	of	work	and	leveraging	technological	advancements	for	video	conferencing,	we	successfully	
transitioned	to	a	virtual	format	for	both	AGM	and	EGM.	The	virtual	meetings	not	only	ensured	business	continuity	but	were	
also	well-received	by	our	stakeholders	who	appreciated	the	efficiency	and	transparency	brought	about	by	the	digital	setting.	
Interactive	features,	including	live	Q&A	sessions,	online	polling,	and	chat	rooms,	provided	an	enriched	experience	for 	shareholder	
engagement.
We	are	pleased	to	announce	our	AGM	for	CelcomDigi	Berhad	scheduled	for	27	May	2024,	as	highlighted	in	the	notice	issued	
to	shareholders	28	days	prior	to	the	meeting.	This	timeline	ensures	shareholders	have	sufficient	time	to	review 	the	Company’s	
performance	in	the	year	under	review,	and	the	resolutions	to	be	tabled	during	the	 AGM.	The	AGM	minutes	and	summary	of	Q&A	
dialogues will be published on https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/agm.html for public viewing following the conclusion of the 
AGM.	
Summary of IR activities
In	2023,	CelcomDigi	embarked	on	its	inaugural	year	of	operations	following	the	successful	merger	of	Celcom	and	Digi.	Throughout	
this	significant	period,	the	company	strategically	designed	a	series	of	IR	events	ranging	from	quarterly	results	briefings	to	company	
roadshows	to	keep	our	IR	stakeholders	well-informed	and	updated	on	the	Company’s	financial,	operational,	and	strategic 	
advancements.	The	IR	team	worked	closely	with	internal	stakeholders,	to	actively	address	shareholders’	and	investors’	concerns	
and	feedback.	We	express	our	sincere	appreciation	to	all	stakeholders	who	dedicated	their	time	and	effort	to	attend	these	events.	
The	summary	of	our	investor	engagement	activities	during	this	pivotal	first	year	is	outlined	below,	while	the	comprehensive	details	
of the IR calendar can be accessed at https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/financial_calendar.html.
Statement by the Board 
The	Board	has	approved	this	statement	on	15	March	2024.	The	Board	is	pleased	to	report	that,	to	the	best	of 	their	knowledge,	
CelcomDigi	adheres	to	the	highest	corporate	governance	standards.	 This	commitment	is	evident	through	continuous	adoption	of 	
principles	and	best	practices	outlined	in	the	MCCG,	MMLR,	and	relevant	laws	and	regulations.

---- Page 58 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
113
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review112
Who We Are
Statement on risk Management and Internal Control
In adherence to Paragraph 15.26 (b) of the main market Listing Requirements stipulated by Bursa 
malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa Securities), the Board at CelcomDigi, in strict accordance with the 
guidelines delineated in the Statement on Risk management and Internal Control - guidelines for 
Directors of Listed Issuers, takes satisfaction in presenting a comprehensive statement outlining the 
details and extent of the enterprise risk management and internal control systems within the group 
for the fiscal year under review.
ReSPOnSIBILITIeS AnD A CCOunTABILITIeS  
The	Board	is	dedicated	to	creating	and	sustaining	a	robust,	efficient	system	for 	enterprise	risk	management	and	internal	control, 	
with	the	primary	goal	of	safeguarding	shareholders’	investments	and	the	assets	of	CelcomDigi	and	its	subsidiaries	(the	Group).	
The	meticulously	designed	enterprise	risk	management	and	internal	control	system	aims	to	identify 	and	address	the	Group’s	risks,	
ensuring	alignment	with	the	overall	business	objectives	and	corporate	sustainability 	strategies.
The	Board	Governance	and	Risk	Management	Committee	(BGRMC),	through	delegation	of	authority	by	the	Board,	regularly	
evaluates	the	adequacy	and	effectiveness	of	the	risk	management	framework	and	internal	controls.	 This	evaluation	involves	
identifying,	assessing,	monitoring,	and	reporting	on	key 	business	risks,	with	the	overarching	goal	of	protecting	shareholders’	
investments	and	the	Group’s	assets.
The	Senior	Management	team	is	entrusted	with	executing	Board-approved	policies	related	to	risk	management	and	internal 	
control.	This	responsibility	encompasses	identifying	and	assessing	the	risks,	monitoring	the	attainment	of 	business	goals	and	
objectives,	all	while	staying	within	the	pre-defined	risk	appetite	parameters.
The	Board	acknowledges	that,	while	the	risk	management	and	internal	control	system	can	provide	reasonable	assurance,	it	cannot 	
guarantee	absolute	protection	against	the	possibility 	of	significant	loss	or	unexpected	events.
Corporate Annual Statement on Risk m anagement and Internal Controls (SORmIC) Assessment
The	management	dedicates	continuous	efforts	to	enhance	the	governance	process	by 	instituting	the	SORMIC	Working	Team	
co-led	by	Enterprise	Risk	Management	(ERM),	Compliance,	Finance,	and	Internal	 Audit	functions.	This	is	evident	through	the	
annual	SORMIC	assessments	conducted	across	CelcomDigi’s	divisions	and	subsidiaries.
Furthermore,	the	management	takes	responsibility	in	preparing	the	comprehensive	Statement	on	Corporate	Governance	and	the 	
SORMIC.	These	statements	undergo	review	and	approval	by	the	Board.
Risk management (governance)
CelcomDigi’s	ERM	framework	serves	as	the	foundation	and	procedural	guide	for 	effectively	addressing	risks	throughout	the	
Group.	The	ERM	framework	of	the	Group	is	based	on	ISO31000:2018	Risk	Management	Standards.	 The	description	of	ERM	
responsibilities	within	CelcomDigi	is	an	integral	aspect	of	the	framework,	designating	the	ERM	function	as	the	entity 	responsible	
for	executing	the	ERM	programme	and	activities.
The	Senior	Management	team	assumes	a	pivotal	role	in	consistently 	identifying	significant	threats,	evaluating	risk	profiles,	and 	
actively	steering	mitigation	strategies.	Concurrently,	all	line	managers	uphold	the	responsibility 	of	managing	risks	within	their	
respective	functions,	ensuring	the	integration	of	risk	management	into	day-to-day	business	operations	and	decision-making	
processes.
Diagram	1	below	illustrates	the	roles	and	responsibilities	of	risk	management	practices	across	CelcomDigi.	
Diagram 1: Roles and Responsibilities of m anaging Risks
Statement on risk Management and Internal Control
Board
Regulators
external Audit
Board Committees
Other Board Committees
Board governance and Risk 
management Committee 
(BGRMC)
Board Audit Committee
(BAC)
Third Line
Provide independent 
evaluation	&	assurance
on	risk	&	control	processes
at	1st	&	2nd	line
Internal Audit
First Line
Accountable	for	identifying,	
assessing	&	managing	
risks,	including	maintaining	
effective	controls
(Risk	owners)
Business Functions
Support Functions
Second Line
Provide	framework	&	
guidelines,	monitor	&	
report	on	risk	&	control	
effectiveness
eRM
Compliance
Cybersecurity, 
Privacy, Sustainability, 
e nterprise Data 
governance, 
Regulatory, Finance
management/management Committees
governance, Risk and Compliance Committee 
(gRC), and other management Committees

---- Page 59 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
115
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review114
Who We Are
Statement on risk Management and Internal Control
Risk management (methodology)
At	CelcomDigi,	our	commitment	to	effective	risk	management	is	embedded	in	a	strategic 	and	comprehensive	approach.	We	initiate	
the	risk	identification	process	through	thorough	assessments	aligned	 with	the	overarching	ambitions	and	strategic	objectives 	
outlined	in	our	corporate	plan	and	other	emerging	risks	within	the	telecommunications	industry	to	ensure	relevance	and	robust	
risk	coverage.	These	ensure	that	we	are	better-positioned	to	navigate	potential	risks	and	uncertainties	that	could	impact	the 	
achievement	of	our	organisational	goals	and	capitalise	on	new	opportunities.
Upon	identification,	these	risks	undergo	meticulous	evaluation	and	are	subjected	to	in-depth	deliberation	by 	our	experienced	
Senior	Management	team.	The	objective	is	to	gain	an	understanding	of	each	risk’s	potential	impact	and	implications	for 	our	
business.	These	identified	risks	are	systematically	integrated	into	a	risk	register	and	evaluated	to	ascertain	their	risk	rating,	
categorised	as	Extreme,	Significant,	Moderate,	or	Low,	on	a	quarterly	basis.	The	risk	rating	process	is	conducted	in	accordance	
with	a	matrix	that	factors	in	the	likelihood	of	occurrence	and	associated	impacts,	encompassing	both	financial	and	non-financial 	
parameters.	Subsequently,	the	owners	of	these	risks	will	be	responsible	to	implement	effective	risk	mitigation	measures,	aiming	to 	
achieve	a	residual	risk	level	that	falls	within	the	acceptable	tolerance	threshold.
Monitoring	is	a	key	component	of	our	risk	management	strategy.	We	closely	track	the	progress	of	our	mitigation	efforts	to	
ascertain	their	effectiveness	and	make	necessary	adjustments	and	report	to	the	Governance,	Risk	and	Compliance	Committee 	
(GRC).	This	continuous	monitoring	is	crucial	for	maintaining	overall	risk	exposure	within	acceptable	levels	and	for	adapting	our	
strategies	to	the	evolving	business	landscape.
The	Senior	Management	team	plays	a	pivotal	role	in	providing	regular 	updates	to	both	the	Board	and	the	BGRMC.	This	
communication	is	facilitated	through	a	detailed	risk	heat	map	presented	on	a	quarterly 	basis.	This	transparent	reporting	
mechanism	ensures	that	key	stakeholders	are	well-informed	about	the	top	risks	facing	CelcomDigi,	fostering	a	culture	of 	
transparency	and	accountability.
Moreover,	the	thorough	review	and	deliberation	on	the	movement	and	mitigation	status	of 	material	risks	underscore	our	
commitment	to	robust	oversight	and	effective	risk	governance.	 This	rigorous	approach	ensures	that	our	risk	management	
processes	are	not	only	proactive	but	also	responsive	to	emerging	challenges.
In	our	pursuit	of	excellence,	we	acknowledge	the	importance	of	continuous	improvement.	As	part	of	this	commitment,	we	actively	
seek	opportunities	to	enhance	our	risk	management	framework.	This	includes	refining	our	practices	and	processes	to	align	with	
industry	best	practices	and	emerging	trends.	Our	dedication	to	continuous	improvement	reflects	our	proactive	stance	in	managing	
risks	and	contributes	to	the	overall	resilience	and	success	of 	CelcomDigi.
Statement on risk Management and Internal Control
Kindly refer to the accompanying diagram 2 for a comprehensive overview of CelcomDigi's risk management framework and 
processes:
Diagram 2: Risk m anagement Framework
InTeRnAL  COnTROL  Sy STeMS
The	Board	has	implemented	internal	control	systems	to	ensure	effective	governance	and	oversight	across	 various	functions	of	the	
organisation.	The	controls	are	outlined	as	such:	
Cybersecurity 
•	 CelcomDigi	is	committed	to	reducing	the	security	risk	of	service	disruption	by	ensuring	its	infrastructure	is	protected	and	
services	are	not	interrupted,	thereby	enabling	continuous	service	to	customers.
•	 The	cybersecurity 	function	is	responsible	for	ensuring	the	confidentiality,	integrity,	and	availability 	of	information	processing	
facilities,	including	telecommunications	systems	and	IT 	infrastructure,	by	protecting	against	cyber-threats,	data	security,	and	
other	security	risks	and	threats	arising	internally	and	externally.
•	 Security 	compliance	and	cyber	maturity	assessment	activities	in	accordance	with	industry	best	practices	-	the	Information	
Security	Forum	(ISF)	and	GSM	Association	(GSMA)	standards	encompass	building	cyber 	resilience	and	protecting	critical	
organisational	assets,	technology,	and	networks.	This	includes	executing	a	robust	cybersecurity	awareness	programme,	
vulnerability	management,	red	teaming	activities,	and	security 	posture	assessments,	and	continuing	security	assurance	
governance	through	internal	audits,	risk	assessments,	and	independent	body 	accreditation.	CelcomDigi	complies	with	
ISO27001:2013	Information	Security	Management	System	and	local	authority	regulations.
CelcomDigi’s key Objectives and Strategies, Divisional kPI
eRm Policy & manual 
(ISO31000:2018) Continuous Improvement
Risk Assessment
Recording & Reporting
Risk Identification
Risk Analysis
Risk evaluation
Risk Response & m itigation
T op-Down 
Strategic Risk
Bottom Up 
Divisional/ 
Operational Risk
e merging
Risk
Communication & Consultation
Monitoring & Review

---- Page 60 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
117
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review116
Who We Are
Statement on risk Management and Internal Control
•	 Centralised	governance	and	control	conducted	 with	
periodic programmed forum with Cybersecurity Steering 
Committee	(CSSC),	GRC,	and	the	BGRMC	meeting	with	
CelcomDigi’s	top	management	and	Board	Members.
Privacy 
•	 CelcomDigi	is	committed	to	responsible	stewardship	of	
data	entrusted	to	us	by	our	customers,	employees,	and	
business	partners.	Our	data	privacy	strategy	incorporates	
strong governance around privacy controls and driving 
a	responsible	business	culture,	supported	by	continuous	
awareness	of	best	privacy	practices.	CelcomDigi’s	Privacy	
Policy	provides	guidance	on	practices	that	prioritise	trust,	
transparency,	and	accountability	in	managing	and	handling	
personal	data	throughout	our	value	chain.	
•	 We	regularly	review	and	update	the	Privacy	Notice	and	
present	it	in	a	simplified	infographic	format	to	keep	
customers	informed	on	how	CelcomDigi	collects,	uses,	and	
shares	information.	We	engage	with	various	stakeholders	
to	understand	and	address	emerging	regulations	and	
future-proof	our	day-to-day	data	management	practices.	
•	 On	a	quarterly	basis,	privacy	compliance	matters	will	be	
reported	and	discussed	in	the	GRC	for	escalation	to	the	
Board	through	the	BGRMC.	
e nterprise Data Governance (eDG) 
The cornerstone of CelcomDigi’s data ecosystem is our robust 
EDG	function,	which	ensures	the	meticulous	oversight,	
protection,	and	management	of	the	Group’s	data	assets.	This	
dedication	to	data	integrity,	ownership,	and	proper	governance	
fosters	consistent,	available,	and	usable	data	that	empowers	
informed	decision-making	across	the	organisation.	Our	
strategic	focus	rests	upon	three	pillars:
1.	 Data governance and Operations (DgO):	We	establish	
and	enforce	data	policies,	standards,	and	procedures,	
ensuring	responsible	data	stewardship	and	compliance.
2.	 Data Quality and master Data management (DQmDm):	
We	prioritise	data	accuracy	and	consistency	through	
ongoing	cleansing,	standardisation,	and	integration	across	
all	domains.
3.	 Data Strategy and Architecture (DSA):	We	design	and	
implement	modern	data	architecture	and	technologies,	
aligning	with	business	objectives	and	enabling	seamless	
data	access	and	utilisation.
Our comprehensive EDG Policy and Manual guide these 
efforts,	providing	a	clear	roadmap	for	responsible	data	
management.	Our	commitment	goes	beyond	mere	policy.	We	
cultivate	a	data-aware	culture	through	ongoing	communication	
initiatives,	training	programmes,	and	impactful	events	like	
the Global Information Governance Day 2023 (GIGD2023)  
and CelcomDigi Data-Driven Digital Forum (CD3F2023).	This	
unwavering focus on awareness ensures data governance 
is	not	just	a	function,	but	a	shared	responsibility	across	the	
organisation.
Business Continuity m anagement (BCm)
Being	the	largest	telecommunications	company	in	Malaysia,	
CelcomDigi places a paramount emphasis on compliance 
with	ISO22301:	Business	Continuity	Management,	reflecting	
a steadfast commitment to the establishment of resilient 
business	continuity	processes.	The	Management	at	CelcomDigi	
consistently takes the lead in the ongoing enhancement 
of	these	processes,	encompassing	critical	aspects	such	as	
emergency	response,	crisis	management,	crisis	communication,	
business	continuity,	and	Network	and	IT	disaster	recovery.
In	alignment	with	its	commitment	to	continuous	improvement,	
CelcomDigi implements a comprehensive annual BCM 
programme.	This	programme	is	multifaceted,	comprising	
essential	components	such	as	awareness	initiatives,	targeted	
training	sessions,	and	regular	reviews	and	validations.	These	
strategic	activities	are	pivotal	in	meticulously	evaluating	the	
efficiency	and	effectiveness	of	CelcomDigi’s	BCM	strategies.	
Such	proactive	measures	not	only	fortify	the	organisation’s	
preparedness,	but	also	underscore	its	resilience	in	navigating	
potential	disruptions	with	well-coordinated	response	and	
recovery	capability.
Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICFR)
The	ICFR	function	plays	an	important	role	in	evaluating	and	
improving	the	effectiveness	of	key	controls	surrounding	
CelcomDigi’s	financial	reporting	processes.	Its	primary	objective	
is to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements.	
Reviews	on	internal	controls	over	financial	reporting	are	
performed	in	accordance	with	CelcomDigi’s	ICFR	Framework,	
which requires an assessment based on the materiality of 
significant	accounts,	and	the	testing	and	evaluation	of	the	design	
and	operating	effectiveness	of	key	controls.
The	function	adopts	a	routine	to	continuously	monitor	and	
follow	up	on	unaddressed	risks	and	non-operating	controls,	
including	periodic	reporting	to	Senior	Management	team	and	
the	BAC	on	the	status	of	controls	over	the	financial	reporting	
processes.
Statement on risk Management and Internal Control
ORGAnISATIOnAL  STR uCTuRe 
CelcomDigi	has	established	an	organisational	structure	with	clearly	defined	lines	of	responsibility	and	accountability,	segregation	
of	duties,	and	assignment	of	authority	to	ensure	effective	and	independent	stewardship.
Board and Senior m anagement T eam Committees
Various	committees	comprising	key	Senior	Management	team	members	have	been	established	to	assist	and	support	the	
Board	Committees	in	overseeing	core	areas	of	business	operations	under	their	respective	documented	mandates.	Some	of	
these	committees	are:
The	Board	Committees,	i.e.	the	BAC,	BGRMC,	and	BNRC	have	been	established	to	assist	the	Board	in	executing	
its	governance	responsibilities	and	oversight	function.	These	Board	Committees	have	been	delegated	specific	
responsibilities,	all	of	which	are	governed	by	clearly	defined	Terms	of	Reference	(TOR).	The	TOR	of	these	Committees	
are	accessible	in	the	Corporate	Governance	section	of	CelcomDigi’s	website	at
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/corporate_governance.html	
governance, Risk and Compliance Committee ( gRC)
•	 Chaired	by	the	CEO	with	relevant	Senior	
Management	Team	members	serving	on	the	GRC.
•	 Meets	quarterly.
•	 Ensures	the	effectiveness	of	governance,	risk	
management	and	compliance,	including	overseeing	
business	conduct	practices	across	the	three	lines	of	
defence.
•	 Reviews	and	deliberates	on	emerging	significant	risks.
•	 Makes	decisions	on	coordinated	action	plans	to	
mitigate	risks.
•	 Oversees	Environmental,	Social,	and	Governance	
performance.
Climate working Committee (Cw C)
•	 Co-chaired	by	the	Chief	Corporate	Affairs	Officer	
(CCAO)	and	Chief	Technology	Officer	(CTO).
•	 Meets	quarterly.
•	 Oversees	climate-related	risks	and	opportunities	in	
CelcomDigi.
•	 Ensures	climate	mitigation	and	adaptation	
strategies,	and	alignment	with	the	Task	Force	on	
Climate	related	Financial	Disclosures	(TCFD).
•	 Recommends	environmental	actions	and	initiatives,	
anchored	on	CelcomDigi’s	Net	Zero	2050	ambition.	
•	 Reports	to	the	GRC	for	onward	escalation	to	the	
BGRMC.
Regulatory Steering Committee (RSC)
•	 Chaired	by	the	CEO,	with	key	Management	
members	serving	on	the	committee.
•	 Meets	monthly.
•	 Sets	the	direction	and	makes	decisions	on	regulatory	
and	industry-related	projects/topics	that	have	a	
significant	impact	on	the	Group.	The	RSC	provides	
guidance,	opinions,	and	views	regarding	CelcomDigi’s	
relationship	with	external	stakeholders	on	issues	or	
topics	that	could	potentially	impact	CelcomDigi	in	
the	future.	These	issues	or	topics	include	technology,	
revenue,	customer	experience,	branding,	and	
corporate	image.
Investment Committee (IC)
•	 Chaired	by	the	Investment	Controller	with	the	IC	
members	as	assigned/depicted	in	the	Investment	
Approval	Manual,	in	accordance	with	CelcomDigi’s	
Authority	Matrix,	to	ensure	a	sufficient	quorum	for	
all	investment	approvals.
•	 Meets	biweekly	or	on	an	ad	hoc	basis	when	
necessary.
•	 Governs	the	approval	process	regarding	material	
capital	investments	and	operating	expenditure	in	
accordance	with	CelcomDigi’s	Authority	Matrix.

---- Page 61 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
119
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review118
Who We Are
Statement on risk Management and Internal Control
Compliance and Monitoring 
CelcomDigi’s	Compliance	function	plays	a	critical	role	to	
assist	the	BGRMC	and	GRC	to	ensure	the	effectiveness	of	
governance,	risk,	compliance,	and	monitoring	programme.	
Compliance developed the OneCompliance model to 
emphasise the importance of building and embedding a 
sustainable culture of compliance that will be evidenced 
in	CelcomDigi’s	uniformity	and	synergy	in	the	practice	of	a	
single	language	of	Compliance.	This	is	also	to	ensure	good	
governance	by	providing	hands-on	support	to	the	business/
functions	to	comply	with	the	applicable	laws	and	regulations.	
The OneCompliance model comprises of four Strategic 
Compliance	Pillars	as	below:	
1. Training and Communication 
•	 Training	and	awareness	programmes	for	employees	
and business partners are carried out on the topics 
of	the	Code	and	ABC.	
•	 The	high	level	of 	awareness	and	accountability	
of employees and Management are maintained 
through	a	consistent	tone	from	the	top,	which	
is	measured	using	Chief	Executive	Officer	Key	
Performance	Indicator	(CEO	KPI)	as	below:	
i)	 100%	completion	of 	Compliance	Awareness	
and Training in three core modules which 
are,	Code	of	Conduct,	Anti-Corruption,	and	
Conflict	of	Interest.
ii)	 100%	 workforce	pass	rate	of	the	year-end	
Compliance	assessment.
 
2. Risk and monitoring
•	 The	‘three	line	of	defense	system’	is	formalised	to	
strengthen risk management and controls across 
CelcomDigi.	Compliance	performs	oversight	reviews	
to	those	in	first	line	roles	which	are	crucial	to	
management	decision	and	actions	to	protect	the	
employees	and	CelcomDigi.
•	 Compliance,	anti-corruption,	and	business	partner 	
risk assessments are conducted annually to 
prevent	incidents	from	occurring	through	effective	
remediation	and	mitigation	steps.
•	 Periodic	risk-based	monitoring	and	routine	testing 	
of key controls are conducted to assess compliance 
with	internal	policies	and	manuals.
•	 Monitoring	and	follow-up	activities	performed 	
on	the	status	of	Compliance’s	recommendations	
on	corrective	actions	identified	are	effectively	
implemented	in	a	timely	manner.
•	 Reports	on	material	breaches	of 	the	Code	and	
ABC are presented to the BGRMC and GRC on a 
quarterly	basis.
3. Compliance Transformation 
•	 Exploring	new	digital	ways	of	work	that	drive	
compliance via integrated and automated data 
analytics	systems.	
•	 Conflict	of 	interest	declaration	is	automated,	for	
effective	documentation	and	management.
•	 Gift	and	hospitality 	records	are	diligently	maintained	
and	tracked.
•	 Background	screening	of 	new	business	partners	is	
conducted	via	the	implementation	of	the	automated	
business partner due diligence system prior to 
onboarding.
•	 Due	diligence	mitigation	actions	for 	high-risk	
business partners are recommended and closely 
monitored	for	implementation.
4. Board, management, and Principal Reporting 
•	 Document,	compile,	and	develop	reports,	metrics, 	
and dashboards to update the Board and Senior 
Management team on Compliance updates to the 
BGRMC	and	GRC.	
•	 Annual	reviews	of 	the	Code,	policies,	and	manuals	
are carried out to keep the Group up to date with 
the	latest	regulations	and	technology,	as	well	as	
consistent	with	industry	best	practices.
•	 Ensuring	that	the	Code	and	 ABC	are	implemented	
consistently	and	effectively	through	sharing	of	
knowledge	and	measures	for	quality	assurance.	
CelcomDigi Policies and Manuals 
Policies and manuals are set up to ensure compliance 
with	internal	controls	and	the	prescribed	laws,	rules,	and	
regulations.	These	policies	and	manuals	provide	direction	for	
the	proper	management	and	governance	of	operations	and	
business	activities.	The	documents	are	reviewed	annually	and	
published	on	Workplace	Knowledge	Library	which	is	available	
to	all	employees.
The Code of Conduct (the Code) and Agreement of 
Responsible Business Conduct (ABC)
The Code and ABC are vital and integral parts of CelcomDigi’s 
governance	regime	that	define	the	core	principles	and	ethical	
standards	in	conducting	business,	engaging	with	stakeholders,	
and	ensuring	compliance	with	relevant	laws	and	regulations.	
The Code applies to employees while the ABC applies to 
those	acting	on	behalf	of	CelcomDigi.	The	relevant	parties	are	
required	to	confirm	that	they	have	read,	understood,	and	will	
adhere	to	the	Code	and	ABC,	respectively.	The	Group	has
communication	channels	that	allow	concerns	of	non-adherence	
to	the	Code	and	ABC	to	be	anonymously	reported.
Business Partner Management
The	Business	Partner	Conduct	Principles	(BPCP)	sets	out	
requirements of CelcomDigi and its subsidiaries towards 
Business Partners for responsible business conduct and 
reflects	what	responsible	business	means	to	CelcomDigi.	To	
manage	the	compliance	of	Business	Partners	with	the	BPCP,	
CelcomDigi	shall:
•	 Conduct	risk-based	due	diligence	of 	prospective	Business	
Partners prior to engagement to assess whether they may 
entail	an	unacceptable	risk.
•	 Consider 	if	there	are	relevant	mitigation	actions	available	
that	may	bring	potentially	unacceptable	risks	down	to	an	
acceptable	level.
•	 Conduct	risk-based	monitoring	of 	the	Business	Partners’	
compliance	with	the	BPCP	throughout	the	lifetime	of	the	
engagement.
•	 Perform	periodic	reassessments	of 	Business	Partners	
and annual assessment of overall landscape and risks 
associated	with	Business	Partner	categories.
Internal Audit (IA)
 
The	IA	function	was	established	to	undertake	independent	
reviews	and	assessments	of	the	adequacy,	efficiency,	and	
effectiveness	of	risk	management,	internal	controls,	and	
governance	processes	implemented	by	the	Management.	
To	maintain	impartiality,	proficiency,	and	due	professional	
care,	the	IA	function	reports	functionally	to	the	BAC	and	
administratively	to	the	CEO.
 
The	annual	audit	plan,	which	is	established	using	a	risk-based	
approach,	is	reviewed	and	approved	by	the	Board	annually.	
Audit	reports,	including	audit	recommendations,	Management	
responses,	and	remedial	action	plans	for	improvement	
and/or	rectification	are	presented	and	tabled	to	the	BAC	
on	a	quarterly	basis.	The	status	of	the	implementation	is	
monitored by the BAC to ensure that issues are addressed in 
a	timely	manner.	When	deemed	necessary,	the	Management	
representatives	will	be	required	to	attend	BAC	meeting(s)	to	
provide	explanations	and	propose	action	plans	on	significant	
audit	findings.	
The	IA	function	is	guided	by	the	provisions	of	its	IA	Charter,	
which	is	reviewed	and	approved	by	the	BAC	annually.	IA	
activities	conform	to	the	Institute	of	Internal	Auditors	
International	Standards	for	the	Professional	Practice	of	Internal	
Auditing,	set	forth	by	the	Institute	of	Internal	Auditors.
The	Head	of	IA,	reporting	directly	to	the	BAC,	is	responsible	for	
enhancing the quality assurance and improvement programme 
of	the	IA	function.	Its	effectiveness	is	monitored	through	
continuous	internal	and	external	quality	assessments,	and	the	
results	are	presented	to	the	BAC.	The	internal	assessment	
is performed annually while the external assessment by a 
certified	body	to	be	conducted	every	five	years.
Annually,	IA	staff	declare	adherence	to	the	Code	of	Ethics	that	
they	are	free	from	any	relationship	or	conflict	of	interest	which	
could	impair	their	objectivity	and	independence.	Any
non-conformance	and/or	conflict	of	interest	will	be	reported	to	
either	the	Head	of	IA	or	to	the	Chair	of	the	BAC.
C OnCL uSIOn 
The	Board	has	received	assurance	from	the	CEO,	DCEO,	and	
CFO that CelcomDigi’s risk management and internal control 
framework	has	been	operating	adequately	and	effectively,	in	
all	material	aspects,	during	the	financial	year	under	review	and	
up	to	the	date	of	this	Statement.	Taking	into	consideration	the	
assurance from the Senior Management team and relevant 
assurance	providers,	the	Board	is	of	the	view	that	the	risk	
management	and	internal	control	practices	and	processes	
in	place	are	adequate	and	effective	in	safeguarding	the	
stakeholders’	interests,	shareholders’	investments,	customers’	
interests,	and	CelcomDigi’s	assets.
Statement on risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 62 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
121
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review120
Who We Are
additional Compliance Information 
Other Disclosures 
The	following	information	is	provided	in	accordance	with	Paragraph	9.25	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa	
Securities	as	set	out	in	Appendix	9C	thereto.	
1. Audit and n on-Audit Fees 
	 During	the	financial	 year,	the	amount	incurred	by	CelcomDigi	and	the	Group	with	respect	to	audit	fees	and	non-audit	related	
fees	paid	or	payable	to	its	external	auditors,	Messrs.	Ernst	&	Young	PLT	(“EY”)	and	its	affiliated	firms	for	the	financial	year	
ended	31	December	2023	were	as	follows:
Company (Rm) Group (RM)
ey
Statutory audits 250,000 760,000
Audit related services1 101,000 101,000
Non-audit services 2 50,000 190,000
T otal fees to ey 401,000 1,051,000
eY affiliated firms
Non-audit services2 - 49,500
T otal fees to eY and eY affiliated firms 401,000 1,100,500
Notes:
1	 The	audit	related	services	are	in	connection	 to	review	of	interim	financial	information	and	yearly	reporting	packages
2	 The	non-audit	services	comprised	of 	the	following	assignments:
(a)	 Review 	of	regulatory	compliance	reporting
(b)	 Review 	of	Statement	on	Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control
(c)	 Performance	of 	agreed-upon	procedures
(d)	 Performance	of 	advisory	services
2. Material Contracts
(a)	 Conditional	Share	Subscription	Agreement	with	Digital	Nasional	Berhad	dated	7	October	2022
	 On	7	October 	2022,	CelcomDigi’s	wholly-owned	subsidiaries,	Digi	Telecommunications	Sdn	Bhd	(Digi	Tel)	and	 
Celcom	Mobile	Sdn	Bhd	(Celcom	Mobile)	had	each	entered	into	a	conditional	share	subscription	agreement	(SSA)	with	
Digital	Nasional	Berhad	(DNB)	for	the	proposed	subscription	of:	
(i)	 100,000	new 	ordinary	shares	in	DNB;	and
(ii)	 178.47	million	DNB	Rights	to	 Allotment,	
	 which	represents	12.50%	equity 	interest	in	the	enlarged	DNB	each	held	by	Digi	Tel	and	Celcom	Mobile	for	cash	
consideration	of	RM178.57	million,	for	a	collective	25.00%	equity	interest	in	the	enlarged	DNB	for	a	total	cash	
consideration	of	RM357.14	million.
On	3	May	2023,	both	Digi	Tel	and	Celcom	Mobile	have	terminated	their	respective	SSA	with	DNB.
(b)	 Conditional	Share	Subscription	Agreement	with	DNB	dated	1	December	2023
	 On	1	December 	2023,	CelcomDigi’s	wholly-owned	subsidiary,	Infranation	Sdn	Bhd	(CelcomDigi)	had	entered	into	a	SSA	
with	DNB	(the	Proposed	Transaction).	The	Proposed	Transaction	involves:
(i)	 CelcomDigi	subscribing	100,000	new 	ordinary	shares	in	DNB	at	an	issue	price	of	RM1.00	for	each	DNB	share;	
and
(ii)	 Digi	Tel,	making	a	cash	payment	of	RM233,233,333	to	DNB	as	a	prepayment	for	the	5G	products	and	services	to	
be delivered by DNB to Digi Tel which shall be regarded and treated as a shareholder advance by CelcomDigi to 
DNB	upon	the	completion	of	the	Proposed	Transaction.
3. Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading nature 
	 At	the	 Annual	General	Meeting	held	on	23	May	2023,	the	Company	obtained	the	shareholders’	mandate	to	allow	the	
Company	and	the	Group	to	enter	into	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of	a	revenue	or	trading	nature.
	 The	disclosure	of 	the	recurrent	related	party	transactions	conducted	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023	is	
set	out	in	the	Integrated	Annual	Report	on	pages	230	to	232.
4. Utilisation of Proceeds from Corporate Proposals 
	 There	 were	no	proceeds	raised	from	corporate	proposals	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023.
5. m aterial Public Sanction or Penalty 
	 There	 were	no	material	public	sanctions	and/or	penalties	imposed	on	the	Company,	Directors	or	Management	by	the	
relevant	regulatory	bodies	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023.
6. executive Share g rant Plan (“eSgP”)
	 The	Company 	had	on	17	August	2023	established	an	ESGP	of	up	to	0.5%	of	the	total	number	of	issued	shares	in	the	
Company	throughout	the	10	years	duration	of	the	ESGP	for	eligible	employees	who	hold	senior	management	positions	in	the	
Company	and	its	subsidiaries.
	 The	ESGP 	is	administered	by	the	Company’s	Board	Nomination	and	Remuneration	Committee	(BNRC).		Pursuant	to	the	by-
laws	of	the	ESGP,	the	BNRC	may	decide	to	satisfy	any	of	the	grants	by	transferring	the	Company’s	treasury	shares	and/or	
payment	of	cash.
	 Details	of 	ESGP	granted	to	the	Senior	Management	including	the	Chief	Executive	Officer	from	the	commencement	date	and	
until	31	December	2023	were	as	follows:
Grant date n o. of shares granted n o. of shares vested n o. of shares outstanding
1	September	2023 1,779,600 - 1,779,600
	 As	at	31	December 	2023,	none	of	the	shares	granted	to	any	of	the	Senior	Management	including	the	Chief	Executive	Officer	
have	been	vested.
	 The	percentage	of 	ESGP	which	is	applicable	to	the	Senior	Management	including	the	Chief	Executive	Officer	from	the	
commencement	date	and	until	31	December	2023	is	100%.
additional Compliance Information

---- Page 63 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
123
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review122
Who We Are
Statement of Responsibility by Directors
In respect of the preparation of the annual audited financial statements
The Directors are responsible for ensuring that the financial statements of CelcomDigi Berhad and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) are 
drawn up in accordance with the applicable Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards, 
and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016. 
The Directors are also responsible for ensuring that the annual audited financial statements of the Group are prepared with 
reasonable accuracy from the accounting records of the Group so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the 
Group as of 31 December 2023 and of their financial performance and cash flows for the year.
In reviewing the annual audited financial statements, the Directors have relied upon the Group’s system of internal controls to 
provide them with reasonable grounds to believe that the Group’s accounting records, as well as other relevant records, have been 
maintained by the Group in a manner that enables them to sufficiently conclude on the following: 
a. Selected and applied the appropriate and relevant accounting policies on a consistent basis;
b. Made judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
c. Prepared the annual audited financial statements on a going concern basis.
The Directors are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to safeguard the assets of the Group to prevent and detect fraud 
and other irregularities.
Audited
Financial
Statements
124 Directors’ Report
128 Statement by Directors
128 Statutory Declaration
129 Independent Auditors’ Report
135 Statements of Comprehensive Income
137 Statements of Financial Position
139 Statements of Changes in Equity
141 Statements of Cash Flows
144 Notes to the Financial Statements

---- Page 64 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
125
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
124
Who We Are
Directors’ Report
DiReCtORS
The	names	of	the	directors	of	the	Company	in	office	since	the	beginning	of	the	financial	year	to	the	date	of	this	report	are:
Haakon Bruaset Kjoel 
Vimala V.R. Menon 
Datuk Iain John Lo
Tan Sri Abdul Farid Alias
Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed	
Dr.	Shridhir	Sariputta	Hansa	Wijayasuriya
Rita Skjaervik
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz (Appointed on 19 January 2023)
Vivek Sood (Appointed on 19 January 2023)
Tan	Sri	Halim	Shafie	 (Resigned	on	19	January	2023)
Thayaparan S Sangarapillai (Resigned on 19 January 2023)
Kasper	Wold	Kaarbø		 (Appointed	on	15	March	2024)
Petter-Boerre	Furberg	 (Appointed	on	1	October	2023	and	resigned	on	15	March	2024)
Jørgen	Christian	Arentz	Rostrup	 (Resigned	on	1	October	2023)
The	names	of	the	directors	of	the	subsidiaries	of	the	Company	since	the	beginning	of	the	financial	year	to	the	date	of	this	report,	not	
including	those	directors	listed	above	are:
Datuk Mohamad Idham Nawawi
Albern Murty
Tan Moi Tsu @ Lucy Chin Moi Tsu
Praveen Rajan Nadarajan 
Azmi Ujang 
Datuk Kamal Khalid 
Leong Kin Man
Ahmad Rizal Dahli
Koh Chit Khoon
Lee Li Hung
Chou Kar Loon
Assan Nasip 
Rudy Jaglul (alternate Director to Ahmad Rizal Dahli)
Kesavan Sivabalan 
Datuk Maureen Lind @ Zarina Abdullah (alternate Director to Assan Nasip)
Loy Kuang Haow
Chee	Loo	Fun	(alternate	Director	to	Afizulazha	Abdullah)
Cheng	Weng	Hong
Afizulazha	Abdullah
Foo Chen Dah
DiReCtORS' beneFitS
Neither	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	nor	at	any	time	during	that	financial	year,	did	there	subsist	any	arrangement	to	which	the	
Company	was	a	party,	whereby	the	directors	might	acquire	benefits	by	means	of	acquisition	of	shares	in	or	debentures	of	the	
Company or any other body corporate.
Directors’ Report
The	directors	have	pleasure	in	presenting	their	report	together	with	the	audited	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	
Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023.
PRinCiPAL ACtivitieS
The	principal	activity	of	the	Company	is	investment	holding.
The	principal	activities	and	other	information	relating	to	subsidiaries	are	disclosed	in	Note	15	to	the	financial	statements.
ReSuLtS
 Group  Company 
 RM'000  RM'000 
Profit	for	the	financial	year 	1,566,939	 	1,586,879	
Attributable	to:
Owners	of	the	Company 	1,552,309	 	1,586,879	
Non-controlling	interests 	14,630	 	-	
	1,566,939	 	1,586,879	
There	were	no	material	transfers	to	or	from	reserves	or	provisions	during	the	financial	year,	other	than	as	disclosed	in	the	financial	
statements.
In	the	opinion	of	the	directors,	the	results	of	the	operations	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	during	the	financial	year	were	not	
substantially	affected	by	any	item,	transaction	or	event	of	a	material	and	unusual	nature	other	than	the	effects	arising	from	the	
finalisation	of	purchase	price	allocation	("PPA")	exercise	in	connection	with	the	acquisition	of	Celcom	Berhad	as	disclosed	in	Note	
15	to	the	financial	statements.
DiviDenDS
The	dividends	paid	by	the	Company	since	the	end	of	the	previous	financial	year	were	as	follows:
 RM'000 
In	respect	of	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022:
Fourth	interim	single-tier	dividend	of	3.1	sen	per	ordinary	share,	declared	on	24	February	2023	and	paid	on	 
29 March 2023 363,677	
In	respect	of	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023:
First	interim	single-tier	dividend	of	3.2	sen	per	ordinary	share,	declared	on	24	May	2023	and	paid	on	 
28	June	2023 	375,408	
Second	interim	single-tier	dividend	of	3.2	sen	per	ordinary	share,	declared	on	18	August	2023	and	paid	on	 
29 September 2023 	375,408	
Third	interim	single-tier	dividend	of	3.3	sen	per	ordinary	share,	declared	on	17	November	2023	and	paid	on	 
22 December 2023 	387,140	
The	board	of	directors	had	on	20	February	2024,	declared	a	fourth	interim	single-tier	dividend	of	3.5	sen	per	ordinary	share	in	
respect	of	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023	amounting	to	RM410.6	million.	The	financial	statements	for	the	current	
financial	year	do	not	reflect	this	fourth	interim	dividend.	Such	dividend	will	be	accounted	for	in	equity	as	an	appropriation	of	retained	
earnings	in	the	financial	year	ending	31	December	2024.

---- Page 65 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
127
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
126
Who We Are
Other statutOry InfOrmatIOn (cOnt’d.)
(d)	 At	 the	date	of	this	report,	the	directors	are	not	aware	of	any	circumstances	not	otherwise	dealt	with	in	this	report	or	financial	
statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	which	would	render	any	amount	stated	in	the	financial	statements	misleading.
(e)	 As	at	the	date	of 	this	report,	there	does	not	exist:
(i)	 any 	charge	on	the	assets	of	the	Group	or	of	the	Company	which	has	arisen	since	the	end	of	the	financial	year	which	
secures	the	liabilities	of	any	other	person;	or
(ii)	 any 	material	contingent	liability	of	the	Group	or	of	the	Company	which	has	arisen	since	the	end	of	the	financial	year.
(f)	 In	the	opinion	of 	the	directors:
(i)	 no	 contingent	or	other	liability	has	become	enforceable	or	is	likely	to	become	enforceable	within	the	period	of	twelve	
months	after	the	end	of	the	financial	year	which	will	or	may	affect	the	ability	of	the	Group	or	of	the	Company	to	meet	
their	obligations	as	and	when	they	fall	due;	and
(ii)	 no	 item,	transaction	or	event	of	a	material	and	unusual	nature	has	arisen	in	the	interval	between	the	end	of	the	
financial	year	and	the	date	of	this	report	which	is	likely	to	affect	substantially	the	results	of	the	operations	of	the	Group	
or	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	in	which	this	report	is	made.
SiGniFiCAnt event
Details	of	significant	event	are	disclosed	in	Note	31	to	the	financial	statements.
AuDitORS
Auditors'	remuneration	for	the	statutory	audit	is	as	follows:
 Group  Company 
 RM'000  RM'000 
Ernst & Young PLT 760 250
To	the	extent	permitted	by	law,	the	Company	has	agreed	to	indemnify	its	auditors,	Ernst	&	Young	PLT,	as	part	of	the	terms	of	its	
audit	engagement	against	claims	by	third	parties	arising	from	the	audit	(for	an	unspecified	amount).	No	payment	has	been	made	to	
indemnify	Ernst	&	Young	PLT	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023.
Signed	on	behalf	of	the	board	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	of	the	directors	dated	15	March	2024.
tengku Dato' Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz  t an Sri Abdul Farid Alias
Director       Director  
Directors’ Report
dIrectOrs’ benefIts ( cOnt’d.)
Since	the	end	of	the	previous	financial	year,	no	director	has	received	or	become	entitled	to	receive	a	benefit	(other	than	benefits	
included in the aggregate amount of emoluments received or due and receivable by the directors as shown below) by reason of a 
contract	made	by	the	Company	or	a	related	corporation	with	any	director	or	with	a	firm	of	which	the	director	is	a	member,	or	with	a	
company	in	which	the	director	has	a	substantial	financial	interest.
The	directors'	benefits	are	as	follows:
 Group  Company 
 RM'000  RM'000 
non-executive:
Fees 	2,355	 	2,261	
Benefits-in-kind 	70	 	49	
	2,425	 	2,310	
inDeMnity AnD inSuRAnCe FOR DiRe CtORS AnD OFFiCeRS
The	Group	maintains	a	directors’	and	officers’	liability	insurance	for	any	legal	liability	incurred	by	the	directors	and	officers	in	
discharging	their	duties	while	holding	office	for	the	Group	and	the	Company.	In	respect	of	the	above,	the	total	amount	of	insurance	
premium	paid	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023	was	RM192,500.	The	directors	and	officers	shall	not	be	indemnified	
by	such	insurance	for	any	deliberate	negligence,	fraud,	intentional	breach	of 	law	or	breach	of	trust	proven	against	them.	
DiReCtORS' inteReSt
The	directors	in	office	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year	did	not	have	any	direct	or	indirect	interest	in	any	shares	or	options	over	
ordinary	shares	in	the	Company	or	its	related	companies	during	the	financial	year.
OtheR StAtutORy inFORMAtiOn
(a)	 Before	 the	statements	of	comprehensive	income	and	statements	of	financial	position	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	were	
made	out,	the	directors	took	reasonable	steps:
(i)	 to	 ascertain	that	proper	action	had	been	taken	in	relation	to	the	writing	off	of	bad	debts	and	the	making	of	allowance	
for	doubtful	debts	and	satisfied	themselves	that	all	known	bad	debts	had	been	written	off	and	that	adequate	allowance	
had	been	made	for	doubtful	debts;	and
(ii)	 to	 ensure	that	any	current	assets	which	were	unlikely	to	realise	their	values	as	shown	in	the	accounting	records	in	the	
ordinary	course	of	business	had	been	written	down	to	an	amount	which	they	might	be	expected	so	to	realise.
(b)	 At	the	date	of 	this	report,	the	directors	are	not	aware	of	any	circumstances	which	would	render:
(i)	 the	 amount	written	off	for	bad	debts	or	the	amount	of	the	allowance	for	doubtful	debts,	in	the	financial	statements	of	
the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	inadequate	to	any	substantial	extent;	and
(ii)	 the	 values	attributed	to	the	current	assets	in	the	financial	statements	of 	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	misleading.
(c)	 At	 the	date	of	this	report,	the	directors	are	not	aware	of	any	circumstances	which	have	arisen	which	would	render	adherence	
to	the	existing	method	of	valuation	of	assets	or	liabilities	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	misleading	or	inappropriate.
Directors’ Report

---- Page 66 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
129
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
128
Who We Are
Independent Auditors’ Report
to the members of CelcomDigi Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia)
RePORt On the AuDit OF the FinAnCiAL StAteMentS 
Opinion 
We	have	audited	the	financial	statements	of	CelcomDigi	Berhad,	which	comprise	the	statements	of	financial	position	as	at	31	
December	2023	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	and	the	statements	of	comprehensive	income,	statements	of	changes	in	equity	
and	statements	of	cash	flows	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	then	ended,	and	notes	to	the	financial	
statements,	including	a	summary	of	material	accounting	policies,	as	set	out	on	pages	135	to	226. 	
In	our	opinion,	the	accompanying	financial	statements	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	financial	position	of	the	Group	and	of	the	
Company	as	at	31	December	2023	and	of	their	financial	performance	and	their	cash	flows	for	the	financial	year	then	ended	in	
accordance	with	Malaysian	Financial	Reporting	Standards,	International	Financial	Reporting	Standards	and	the	requirements	of	the	
Companies	Act	2016	in	Malaysia.	
Basis for opinion 
We	conducted	our	audit	in	accordance	with	approved	standards	on	auditing	in	Malaysia	and	International	Standards	on	Auditing.	Our	
responsibilities	under	those	standards	are	further	described	in	the	Auditors’	responsibilities	for	the	audit	of	the	financial	statements	
section	of	our	report.	We	believe	that	the	audit	evidence	we	have	obtained	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our	
audit opinion. 
Independence and other ethical responsibilities 
We	are	independent	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	By-Laws	(on	Professional	Ethics,	Conduct	and	Practice)	
of	the	Malaysian	Institute	of	Accountants	(“By-	Laws”)	and	the	International	Code	of	Ethics	for	Professional	Accountants	(including	
International	Independence	Standards)	(“IESBA	Code”),	and	we	have	fulfilled	our	other	ethical	responsibilities	in	accordance	with	the	
By-Laws	and	the	IESBA	Code.	
Key audit matters 
Key	audit	matters	are	those	matters	that,	in	our	professional	judgement,	were	of	most	significance	in	our	audit	of	the	financial	
statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	for	the	current	financial	year.	We	have	determined	that	there	are	no	key	audit	matters	
to	communicate	in	our	report	on	the	financial	statements	of	the	Company.	The	key	audit	matters	for	the	audit	of	the	financial	
statements	of	the	Group	are	described	below.	These	matters	were	addressed	in	the	context	of	our	audit	of	the	financial	statements	
of	the	Group	as	a	whole,	and	in	forming	our	opinion	thereon,	and	we	do	not	provide	a	separate	opinion	on	these	matters.	For	each	
matter	below,	our	description	of	how	our	audit	addressed	the	matter	is	provided	in	that	context.	
We	have	fulfilled	the	responsibilities	described	in	the	Auditor’s	responsibilities	for	the	audit	of	the	financial	statements	section	of	our	
report,	including	in	relation	to	these	matters.	Accordingly,	our	audit	included	the	performance	of	procedures	designed	to	respond	
to	our	assessment	of	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	financial	statements.	The	results	of	our	audit	procedures,	including	
the	procedures	performed	to	address	the	matters	below,	provide	the	basis	for	our	audit	opinion	on	the	accompanying	financial	
statements. 
a)	 Revenue	recognition 	
	 Refer 	to	Note	2.20.1	–	Material	accounting	policies	-	Revenue	from	contracts	with	customers,	Note	4.8	-	Significant	accounting	
estimates	and	judgements	and	key	sources	of	estimation	uncertainty	-	Revenue	recognition	-	determining	stand-alone	selling	
price	and	Note	5	–	Revenue	
Statement by Directors
Pursuant	to	Section	251(2)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016
Statutory Declaration
Pursuant	to	Section	251(1)(b)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016
We,	Tengku	Dato'	Sri	Azmil	Zahruddin	Raja	Abdul	Aziz	and	Tan	Sri	Abdul	Farid	Alias,	being	two	of	the	directors	of	CelcomDigi	Berhad,	
do	hereby	state	that,	in	the	opinion	of	the	directors,	the	accompanying	financial	statements	set	out	on	pages	135	to	226	are	drawn	
up	in	accordance	with	Malaysian	Financial	Reporting	Standards,	International	Financial	Reporting	Standards	and	the	requirements	of	
the	Companies	Act	2016	in	Malaysia	so	as	to	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	financial	position	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	as	
at	31	December	2023	and	of	their	financial	performance	and	cash	flows	for	the	financial	year	then	ended.
Signed	on	behalf	of	the	board	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	of	the	directors	dated	15	March	2024.
tengku dato’ sri azmil Zahruddin r aja abdul aziz  t an sri abdul farid alias
Director       Director  
I,	Tan	Moi	Tsu	@	Lucy	Chin	Moi	Tsu,	being	the	officer	primarily	responsible	for	the	financial	management	of	CelcomDigi	Berhad,	do	
solemnly	and	sincerely	declare	that	the	accompanying	financial	statements	set	out	on	pages	135	to	226	are	in	my	opinion	correct,	
and	I	make	this	solemn	declaration	conscientiously	believing	the	same	to	be	true,	and	by	virtue	of	the	provisions	of	the	Statutory	
Declarations	Act,	1960.	
Subscribed and solemnly declared by the 
above-named	Tan	Moi	Tsu	@	Lucy	Chin	Moi	Tsu	
at	Kuala	Lumpur	in	Wilayah	Persekutuan		 	 	 tan Moi tsu @ 
on	15	March	2024		 	 	 	 	 Lucy Chin Moi tsu
Before	me,

---- Page 67 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
131
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
130
Who We Are
Independent Auditors’ Report
to the members of CelcomDigi Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia)
repOrt On the audIt Of the fInancIal statements (cOnt’d.)
Key audit matters (cont’d.)
b)	 Acquisition	 of	Celcom	Berhad	and	its	subsidiaries	(“Celcom	Group”)	and	impairment	assessment	of	goodwill	on	consolidation	
arising	from	the	acquisition	of	Celcom	Group	(cont’d.)
i.	 Acquisition	of 	Celcom	Group	(cont’d.)
	 Management	 engaged	external	valuers	to	value	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed	in	the	
acquisition,	including	the	identification	and	valuation	of	intangible	assets.	
	 Accounting	 for	the	acquisition	is	an	area	of	focus	because	of	the	assumptions	made	in	determining	the	fair	value	of	
the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed	are	inherently 	uncertain	and	require	significant	judgements.	
	 We	performed	the	following	audit	procedures	amongst	others: 	
•	 Obtained	and	reviewed	the	SPA 	to	evaluate	the	appropriate	date	of	acquisition	and	purchase	consideration;	
•	 Evaluated	management’s	process	to	identify 	intangible	assets;	
•	 Assessed	the	competence,	capabilities	and	objectivity 	of	management’s	external	valuers;	
•	 Obtained	 the	valuation	reports	and	discussed	with	the	external	valuers	on	the	methodologies	and	key	
assumptions	used;	
•	 Involved	 our	internal	valuation	experts	to	evaluate	the	methodologies	used	to	determine	the	fair	values	of	the	
assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed	(including	the	valuation	of	intangible	assets	acquired),	and	benchmarked	
the	discount	rate	applied	to	other	comparable	companies	in	the	same	industry; 	
•	 Assessed	 the	reasonableness	of	key	assumptions	applied	by	management	in	their	forecast	by	comparing	them	
with	economic	and	industry	forecasts;	and	
•	 Evaluated	the	appropriateness	of 	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group.	
ii.	 Impairment	assessment	of 	goodwill	on	consolidation	arising	from	the	acquisition	of 	Celcom	Group	
	 As	 at	31	December	2023,	the	Group’s	goodwill	arising	from	the	acquisition	of	Celcom	Group	was	RM15.9	billion,	which	
represented	44%	of	the	Group’s	total	assets.	The	Group	is	required	to	perform	an	annual	impairment	assessment	of	
the	cash	generating	unit	(“CGU”)	to	which	the	goodwill	has	been	allocated.	
	 The	 Group	estimated	the	recoverable	amount	of	the	CGU	to	which	the	goodwill	is	allocated	based	on	value-in-use	
(“VIU”).	
	 We	 considered	this	to	be	an	area	of	focus	as	the	amount	of	goodwill	is	significant,	and	the	determination	of	the	VIU	
of	the	CGU	involved	significant	management	judgements,	estimates	and	assumptions,	particularly	on	the	revenue	
growth	rates,	discount	rate	and	terminal	growth	rate.	These	judgements,	estimates	and	assumptions	are	inherently	
uncertain.
Independent Auditors’ Report
to the members of CelcomDigi Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia)
repOrt On the audIt Of the fInancIal statements (cOnt’d.)
Key audit matters (cont’d.)
a)	 Revenue	recognition	(cont’d.)
	 The	Group	recognised	total	revenue	of	RM12.7	billion	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023.	Revenue	was	
measured taking into account the bundling of services with handsets and discounts. The inherent industry risk arises from 
the	complexity	of	the	telecommunications	billing	system.	Large	volumes	of	data	with	a	combination	of	different	products	
and	services	sold	and	price	changes	during	the	financial	year	were	processed	through	a	number	of	different	modules	in	the	
telecommunications	billing	system.	These	may	have	an	impact	on	the	amount	of	revenue	recognised	during	the	financial	year.	
As	such,	we	considered	revenue	recognition	to	be	a	key	audit	matter.
	 We	performed	the	following	audit	procedures	amongst	others: 	
•	 Obtained	 an	understanding	of	the	Information	Technology	(“IT”)	automated	and	manual	controls	surrounding	revenue	
systems	and	processes	such	as	capturing	and	recording	revenue	transactions,	authorisation	of	rate	changes	and	timely	
updating	of	approved	rate	changes	in	the	billing	system,	and	tested	the	operating	effectiveness	of	these	IT	automated	
and	manual	controls;	
•	 Tested	 end-to-end	reconciliation	from	billing	system	to	accounting	system	including	verifying	material	revenue	
adjustments	passed	into	the	accounting	system;	
•	 Tested	 the	allocation	of	revenue	to	separately	identifiable	components	of	multiple	element	arrangements,	particularly	
in	relation	to	transactions	that	include	the	delivery	of	handset	combined	with	a	service	element	in	the	contracts,	as	
well	as	the	timing	of	revenue	recognised;	and	
•	 Evaluated	appropriateness	of 	revenue	recognition	policies.	
b)	 Acquisition	 of	Celcom	Berhad	and	its	subsidiaries	(“Celcom	Group”)	and	impairment	assessment	of	goodwill	on	consolidation	
arising	from	the	acquisition	of	Celcom	Group	
	 Refer 	to	Note	2.2	–	Material	accounting	policies	–	Basis	of	consolidation	-	Business	combinations,	Note	2.6	-	Material	
accounting	policies	-	Intangible	assets,	Note	2.7	–	Material	Accounting	Policies	–	Impairment	of	non-financial	assets,	Note	
4.1	-	Significant	accounting	estimates	and	judgements	and	key	sources	of	estimation	uncertainty	-	Useful	lives	of	intangible	
assets	-	trademark	and	customer	relationship,	Note	4.2	–	Significant	accounting	estimates	and	judgements	and	key	sources	
of	estimation	uncertainty	–	Impairment	assessment	of	goodwill	and	trademark,	Note	12	–	Intangible	assets	and	Note	15	–	
Investments in subsidiaries 
i.	 Acquisition	of 	Celcom	Group	
	 The	 Company	had	on	30	November	2022	completed	the	acquisition	of	Celcom	Group	for	a	preliminary	purchase	
consideration	of	RM18.3	billion	based	on	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	Share	Purchase	Agreement	(“SPA”)	dated	21	
June 2021. 
	 The	 Group	assessed	the	fair	value	of	the	identified	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed	on	the	date	of	acquisition	
via	a	purchase	price	allocation	(“PPA”)	exercise.	A	provisional	goodwill	of	RM15.4	billion	was	recognised	in	the	Group’s	
financial	statements	on	the	date	of	acquisition	in	the	previous	financial	year.	
	 The	 Group	has	finalised	the	purchase	consideration	and	the	PPA	exercise	in	the	current	financial	year.	Based	on	the	
final	purchase	consideration	of	RM18.7	billion	and	the	finalised	PPA,	the	Group	recorded	a	final	goodwill	of	RM15.9	
billion. 

---- Page 68 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
133
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
132
Who We Are
Independent Auditors’ Report
to the members of CelcomDigi Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia)
repOrt On the audIt Of the fInancIal statements (cOnt’d.)
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements (cont’d.)
In	preparing	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	the	directors	are	responsible	for	assessing	the	Group’s	and	
the	Company’s	ability	to	continue	as	a	going	concern,	disclosing,	as	applicable,	matters	related	to	going	concern	and	using	the	going	
concern	basis	of	accounting	unless	the	directors	either	intend	to	liquidate	the	Group	or	the	Company	or	to	cease	operations,	or	have	
no	realistic	alternative	but	to	do	so.	
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our	objectives	are	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	as	a	
whole	are	free	from	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error,	and	to	issue	an	auditors’	report	that	includes	our	opinion.	
Reasonable	assurance	is	a	high	level	of	assurance,	but	is	not	a	guarantee	that	an	audit	conducted	in	accordance	with	approved	
standards	on	auditing	in	Malaysia	and	International	Standards	on	Auditing	will	always	detect	a	material	misstatement	when	it	exists.	
Misstatements	can	arise	from	fraud	or	error	and	are	considered	material	if,	individually	or	in	the	aggregate,	they	could	reasonably	be	
expected	to	influence	the	economic	decisions	of	users	taken	on	the	basis	of	these	financial	statements.	
As	part	of	an	audit	in	accordance	with	approved	standards	on	auditing	in	Malaysia	and	International	Standards	on	Auditing,	we	
exercise	professional	judgement	and	maintain	professional	scepticism	throughout	the	audit.	 We	also:	
(a)	 Identify 	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	whether	
due	to	fraud	or	error,	design	and	perform	audit	procedures	responsive	to	those	risks,	and	obtain	audit	evidence	that	is	sufficient	
and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our	opinion.	The	risk	of	not	detecting	a	material	misstatement	resulting	from	fraud	is	
higher	than	for	one	resulting	from	error,	as	fraud	may	involve	collusion,	forgery,	intentional	omissions,	misrepresentations,	or	
the override of internal control. 
(b)	 Obtain	 an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the	audit	in	order	to	design	audit	procedures	that	are	appropriate	in	
the	circumstances,	but	not	for	the	purpose	of	expressing	an	opinion	on	the	effectiveness	of	the	Group’s	and	of	the	Company’s	
internal control. 
(c)	 Evaluate	 the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and	the	reasonableness	of	accounting	estimates	and	related	
disclosures made by the directors. 
(d)	 Conclude	 on	the	appropriateness	of	the	directors’	use	of	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	and,	based	on	the	audit	
evidence	obtained,	whether	a	material	uncertainty	exists	related	to	events	or	conditions	that	may	cast	significant	doubt	on	
the	Group’s	or	the	Company’s	ability	to	continue	as	a	going	concern.	If	we	conclude	that	a	material	uncertainty	exists,	we	are	
required	to	draw	attention	in	our	auditors’	report	to	the	related	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	
the	Company	or,	if	such	disclosures	are	inadequate,	to	modify	our	opinion.	Our	conclusions	are	based	on	the	audit	evidence	
obtained	up	to	the	date	of	our	auditors’	report.	However,	future	events	or	conditions	may	cause	the	Group	or	the	Company	
to	cease	to	continue	as	a	going	concern.	
(e)	 Evaluate	 the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	
including	the	disclosures,	and	whether	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	represent	the	underlying	
transactions	and	events	in	a	manner	that	achieves	fair	presentation.		
(f)	 Obtain	 sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or	business	activities	within	
the	Group	to	express	an	opinion	on	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group.	We	are	responsible	for	the	direction,	supervision	
and	performance	of	the	group	audit.	We	remain	solely	responsible	for	our	audit	opinion.	
We	communicate	with	the	directors	regarding,	among	other	matters,	the	planned	scope	and	timing	of	the	audit	and	significant	audit	
findings,	including	any	significant	deficiencies	in	internal	control	that	 we	identify	during	our	audit.	
Independent Auditors’ Report
to the members of CelcomDigi Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia)
repOrt On the audIt Of the fInancIal statements (cOnt’d.)
Key audit matters (cont’d.)
b)	 Acquisition	 of	Celcom	Berhad	and	its	subsidiaries	(“Celcom	Group”)	and	impairment	assessment	of	goodwill	on	consolidation	
arising	from	the	acquisition	of	Celcom	Group	(cont’d.)
ii.	 Impairment	assessment	of 	goodwill	on	consolidation	arising	from	the	acquisition	of 	Celcom	Group	(cont’d.)
 
We	performed	the	following	audit	procedures	amongst	others:	
 
•	 Obtained	 an	understanding	of	the	relevant	internal	controls	over	the	process	of	estimating	the	recoverable	
amount	of	the	CGU;	
•	 Evaluated	 management’s	key	assumptions	on	projected	revenue	and	terminal	growth	rate,	by	considering	the	
current	and	expected	future	economic	conditions.	We	compared	the	projected	revenue	to	the	past	trends	and	
compared	expected	revenue	growth	rates	with	the	industry	forecasts;	
•	 Assessed,	 with	the	involvement	of	EY	valuation	expert,	the	appropriateness	of	the	rate	used	in	discounting	the	
future	cash	flows	to	present	value;	
•	 Assessed	 the	sensitivity	of	the	cash	flows	to	changes	in	the	key	assumptions	to	understand	the	impact	that	
reasonable	alternative	assumptions	would	have	on	the	overall	recoverable	amount;	and	
•	 Evaluated	 the	adequacy	of	the	Group’s	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements	concerning	those	key	assumptions	
to	which	the	outcome	of	the	impairment	assessment	is	most	sensitive.
Information other than the financial statements and auditors’ report thereon 
The	directors	of	the	Company	are	responsible	for	the	other	information.	The	other	information	comprises	the	directors’	report,	but	
does	not	include	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	and	our	auditors’	report	thereon,	which	we	obtained	
prior	to	the	date	of	this	auditors’	report,	and	the	annual	report,	which	is	expected	to	be	made	available	to	us	after	the	date	of	this	
auditors’ report. 
Our	opinion	on	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	does	not	cover	the	other	information	and	we	do	not	
express	any	form	of	assurance	conclusion	thereon.	
In	connection	with	our	audit	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	our	responsibility	is	to	read	the	other	
information	and,	in	doing	so,	consider	whether	the	other	information	is	materially	inconsistent	with	the	financial	statements	of	the	
Group	and	of	the	Company	or	our	knowledge	obtained	in	the	audit	or	otherwise	appears	to	be	materially	misstated.	
If,	based	on	the	work	we	have	performed	on	the	other	information	that	we	obtained	prior	to	the	date	of	this	auditors’	report,	we	
conclude	that	there	is	a	material	misstatement	of	this	other	information,	we	are	required	to	report	that	fact.	We	have	nothing	to	
report in this regard. 
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements 
The	directors	of	the	Company	are	responsible	for	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	that	
give	a	true	and	fair	view	in	accordance	with	Malaysian	Financial	Reporting	Standards,	International	Financial	Reporting	Standards	
and	the	requirements	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	in	Malaysia.	The	directors	are	also	responsible	for	such	internal	control	as	the	
directors	determine	is	necessary	to	enable	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	that	are	free	
from	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error.	

---- Page 69 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
135
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
134
Who We Are
Statements of Comprehensive Income
For	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023
Group  Company 
 note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000 
 Restated 
Revenue 5 	12,682,151	 	6,773,311	 	1,713,634	 	1,025,500	
Other	income 	108,394	 	29,153	 	-	 	6,620	
Cost	of	materials	and	traffic	expenses 	(2,816,540) 	(1,748,556) 	-	 	-	
Sales	and	marketing	expenses 	(718,257) 	(398,397) 	-	 	-	
Operations	and	maintenance	expenses 	(676,010) 	(246,689) 	-	 	-	
Rental	expenses 	(287,445) 	(104,491) 	-	 	-	
Staff	expenses 7(b) 	(897,646) 	(314,297) 	-	 	-	
Depreciation	expenses 	(2,996,008) 	(1,300,560) 	-	 	-	
Amortisation	expenses 12 	(234,125) 	(97,600) 	-	 	-	
Other	expenses 	(1,475,575) 	(1,013,804) 	(3,259) 	(21,271)
Finance costs 6 	(627,874) 	(282,563) 	(123,836) 	(145)
Interest income 	88,885	 	34,082	 	453	  220 
Share of results of an associate and a joint venture 	31,036	 	-	 	-	 	-	
profit before tax and zakat 7 	2,180,986	 	1,329,589	 	1,586,992	 	1,010,924	
Taxation	and	zakat 8 	(614,047) 	(481,383)  (113) 	(48)
profit for the financial year 	1,566,939	 	848,206	 	1,586,879	 	1,010,876	
Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax
Item	that	may	be	reclassified	to	profit	or	loss	in 
subsequent periods
Foreign	currency	translation	differences 	(85)  103 	-	 	-	
Item	that	will	not	be	reclassified	to	profit	or	loss	in 
subsequent periods
Loss on equity instruments designated at fair value 
through	other	comprehensive	income	("FVOCI") 	(42) 	-	 	-	 	-	
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the financial 
year, net of tax 	(127)  103 	-	 	-	
total comprehensive income for the financial year, 
net of tax 	1,566,812	 	848,309	 	1,586,879	 	1,010,876	
repOrt On the audIt Of the fInancIal statements (cOnt’d.)
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (cont’d.)
We	also	provide	the	directors	with	a	statement	that	we	have	complied	with	relevant	ethical	requirements	regarding	independence,	
and	to	communicate	with	them	all	relationships	and	other	matters	that	may	reasonably	be	thought	to	bear	on	our	independence,	and	
where	applicable,	actions	taken	to	eliminate	threats	or 	safeguards	applied.	
From	the	matters	communicated	with	the	directors,	we	determine	those	matters	that	were	of	most	significance	in	the	audit	of	
the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	for	the	current	financial	year	and	are	therefore	the	key	audit	matters.	
We	describe	these	matters	in	our	auditors’	report	unless	law	or	regulation	precludes	public	disclosure	about	the	matter	or	when,	
in	extremely	rare	circumstances,	we	determine	that	a	matter	should	not	be	communicated	in	our	report	because	the	adverse	
consequences	of	doing	so	would	reasonably	be	expected	to	outweigh	the	public	interest	benefits	of 	such	communication.	
RePORt On OtheR LeGAL AnD ReGuLAtORy RequiReMentS 
In	accordance	with	the	requirements	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	in	Malaysia,	we	report	that	the	subsidiaries	of	which	we	have	not	
acted	as	auditors	are	disclosed	in	Note	15	to	the	financial	statements. 	
OtheR MAtteRS 
This	report	is	made	solely	to	the	members	of	the	Company,	as	a	body,	in	accordance	with	Section	266	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	in	
Malaysia	and	for	no	other	purpose.	We	do	not	assume	responsibility	to	any	other	person	for	the	content	of	this	report.	
ernst & young PLt     t seu tet Khong @ tsau tet Khong
202006000003	(LLP0022760-LCA)	&	AF	0039	 	 03374/06/2024	 J
Chartered Accountants     Chartered Accountant
Kuala	Lumpur,	Malaysia
15	March	2024
Independent Auditors’ Report
to the members of CelcomDigi Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia)

---- Page 70 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
137
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
136
Who We Are
Statements of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2023
 Group  Company 
 note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000 
 Restated 
non-current assets
Property,	plant	and	equipment 11 	6,127,292	 	6,279,705	 	-	 	-	
Intangible assets 12 	18,950,800	 	19,259,470	 	-	 	-	
Right of use assets 13 	6,444,331	 	7,289,950	 	-	 	-	
Investments in subsidiaries 15 	-	 	-	 	19,523,561	 	19,121,561	
Investment in a joint venture 16 	14,000	 	-	 	-	 	-	
Investment in an associate 17 	156,979	 	139,943	 	-	 	-	
Other	investments 18 	36	 	78	 	-	 	-	
Trade and other receivables 20 	647,700	 	642,760	 	-	 	-	
Contract costs 14 	134,900	 	112,102	 	-	 	-	
Contract assets 5 	118,653	 	73,470	 	-	 	-	
Other	asset 31 	233,233	 	-	 	-	 	-	
Derivative	financial	assets 21 	64,538	 	43,342	 	-	 	-	
Deferred	tax	assets 24 	119,011	 	116,080	 	-	 	-	
	33,011,473	 	33,956,900	 	19,523,561	 	19,121,561	
Current assets
Inventories 19 	246,653	 	164,358	 	-	 	-	
Trade and other receivables 20 	2,457,086	 	2,424,002	 	5	 	47,117	
Contract assets 5 	307,109	 	148,325	 	-	 	-	
Other	investments 18 	24	  22 	-	 	-	
Tax	recoverable 	7,482	 	97,241	 	-	 	-	
Cash	and	short-term	deposits 22 	397,018	 	1,220,798	 	81	 	4,072	
	3,415,372	 	4,054,746	 	86	 	51,189	
total assets 	36,426,845	 	38,011,646	 	19,523,647	 	19,172,750	
Group  Company 
 note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000 
 Restated
profit for the financial year, attributable to:
Owners	of	the	Company 	1,552,309	 	848,034	 	1,586,879	 	1,010,876	
Non-controlling	interests 	14,630	 	172	 	-	 	-	
	1,566,939	 	848,206	 	1,586,879	 	1,010,876	
total comprehensive income for the financial year, 
attributable to:
Owners	of	the	Company 	1,552,182	 	848,137	 	1,586,879	 	1,010,876	
Non-controlling	interests 	14,630	 	172	 	-	 	-	
	1,566,812	 	848,309	 	1,586,879	 	1,010,876	
earnings per share attributable to owners of the 
Company (sen per share)
-	Basic	 9 13.2 10.4	
Statements of Comprehensive Income
For	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023
The	accompanying	accounting	policies	and	explanatory 	information	form	an	integral	part	of	the	financial	statements.

---- Page 71 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
139
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
138
Who We Are
Statements of Changes in Equity
For	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023
 attributable to owners of the parent 
 
 
 
 
 note 
 
 
 Share
 capital 
 
Accumulated 
 losses 
 Share-based
 payment
 reserve 
 Foreign
 currency
 translation
 reserve 
 Fair value
 reserve of
 financial
 asset 
 at FvOCi 
 
 total 
 non- 
controlling
 interests 
 total
 equity 
Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000 
 (note 28)  (note 28)  (note 28) 
At 1 January 2022 	769,655	 	(136,844)1 	-	 	-	 	-	 	632,811	 	-	 	632,811	
Profit	for	the	financial	year	
(Restated) 	-	 	848,034	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	848,034	 	172	 	848,206	
Other	comprehensive	income	
for	the	financial	year 	-	 	-	 	-	  103 	-	  103 	-	  103 
Transaction	with	owners:
Issuance of ordinary shares 27 	15,826,032	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	15,826,032	 	-	 	15,826,032	
Acquisition	of	subsidiaries 15 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	102,572	 	102,572	
Dividends on ordinary shares 10 	-	 	(1,010,750) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(1,010,750) 	-	 	(1,010,750)
At 31 December 2022 
(Restated) 	16,595,687	 	(299,560)1 	-	  103 	-	 	16,296,230	 	102,744	 	16,398,974	
Profit	for	the	financial	year 	-	 	1,552,309	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	1,552,309	 	14,630	 	1,566,939	
Other	comprehensive	loss	for	
the	financial	year 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(85) 	(42) 	(127) 	-	 	(127)
Transaction	with	owners:
Share-based	payments 	-	 	-	 	938	 	-	 	-	 	938	 	-	 	938	
Dividends on ordinary shares 10 	-	 	(1,501,633) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(1,501,633) 	-	 	(1,501,633)
Dividends	paid	to	non-
controlling interests 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(7,285) 	(7,285)
Additional	investment	in	a	
subsidiary 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	960	 	960	
At 31 December 2023 	16,595,687	 	(248,884)1 	938	 	18	 	(42) 	16,347,717	 	111,049	 	16,458,766	
Note: 1 Included an amount of RM1,004.0 million as a result from the Group’s capital management initiatives carried out during the financial year ended  
31 December 2012. The Company received dividends from one of its subsidiaries in the form of bonus issue of redeemable preference shares and capital repayment amounting to RM509.0 million and RM495.0 million respectively. The Company had declared part of these as special dividends to its shareholders. The deficit 
arose from the elimination of these intra-group dividends at Group level.
 Group  Company 
 note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000 
 Restated 
non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables 26 	11,850	 	-	 	-	 	-	
Loans and borrowings 23 	10,769,424	 	10,747,919	 	2,821,930	 	2,422,645	
Deferred	tax	liabilities 24 	1,367,439	 	1,713,582	 	-	 	-	
Other	liabilities 25 	389,224	 	371,512	 	-	 	-	
Contract	liabilities 5 	8,481	 	15,298	 	-	 	-	
Derivative	financial	liabilities 21 	-	 	2,024	 	-	 	-	
	12,546,418	 	12,850,335	 	2,821,930	 	2,422,645	
current liabilities
Trade and other payables 26 	4,285,030	 	3,927,406	 	19,191	 	66,267	
Contract	liabilities 5 	577,795	 	571,314	 	-	 	-	
Derivative	financial	liabilties 21 	362	 	640	 	-	 	-	
Loans and borrowings 23 	2,227,535	 	4,138,756	 	-	 	87,500	
Income	tax	payable 	330,939	 	124,221	 	35	  31 
	7,421,661	 	8,762,337	 	19,226	 	153,798	
total liabilities 	19,968,079	 	21,612,672	 	2,841,156	 	2,576,443	
equity
Share capital 27 	16,595,687	 	16,595,687	 	16,595,687	 	16,595,687	
Share-based	payments	reserve 28 	938	 	-	 	938	 	-	
Foreign	currency	translation	reserve 28 	18	  103 	-	 	-	
Fair	value	reserve	of	financial	asset	at	FVOCI 28 	(42) 	-	 	-	 	-	
(Accumulated	losses)/retained	earnings 30 	(248,884) 	(299,560) 	85,866	 	620	
Equity	attributable	to	owners	of	the	Company 	16,347,717	 	16,296,230	 	16,682,491	 	16,596,307	
Non-controlling	interests 	111,049	 	102,744	 	-	 	-	
Total equity 	16,458,766	 	16,398,974	 	16,682,491	 	16,596,307	
total equity and liabilities  	36,426,845	 	38,011,646	 	19,523,647	 	19,172,750	
The	accompanying	accounting	policies	and	explanatory 	information	form	an	integral	part	of	the	financial	statements.
Statements of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2023

---- Page 72 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
141
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
140
Who We Are
Statements of Cash Flows
For	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023
Group  Company 
note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000 
  Restated 
cash flows from operating activities
Profit	before	tax	and	zakat 	2,180,986	 	1,329,589	 	1,586,992	 	1,010,924	
Adjustments	for:
Amortisation	of	intangible	assets 12 	234,125	 	97,600	 	-	 	-	
Depreciation
-	property,	plant	and	equipment 11 	1,762,512	 	725,581	 	-	 	-	
-	right	of	use	assets 13 	1,233,496	 	574,979	 	-	 	-	
(Reversal	of)/allowance	for	expected	credit	loss	on	
trade	receivables,	deposits	and	contract	assets 34.2	 	(21,805) 	79,523	 	-	 	-	
Amortisation	of	contract	cost 14 	92,699	 	90,639	 	-	 	-	
Inventories	written	(back)/down 	(8,796) 	3,995	 	-	 	-	
Dividend income 	-	 	-	 	(1,713,634) 	(1,025,500)
Finance costs 6 	627,874	 	282,563	 	123,836	 	145	
(Gain)/loss	on	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	
equipment 	(12,224) 	26,306	 	-	 	-	
Gain	on	disposal	of	intangible	assets 	(8,604) 	-	 	-	 	-	
Gain	on	termination	of	leases 	(14,223) 	(716) 	-	 	-	
(Gain)/loss	on	lease	modification 	(1,262) 	1,794	 	-	 	-	
Write-off	of	property,	plant	and	equipment  14,647	 	240	 	-	 	-	
Write-off	of	intangible	assets 	256,612	 	8,781	 	-	 	-	
Interest income 	(88,885) 	(34,082) 	(453)  (220)
Waiver	of	debt 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(6,620)
Employee	benefits
-	share-based	payment 	1,025	 	1,155	 	-	 	-	
-	defined	benefit	plan 25.1 	67	 	67	 	-	 	-	
Fair	value	(gain)/loss	on	foreign	currency	forward	
contracts 	(19,402) 	457	 	-	 	-	
Fair value gain on investment in shares  (2) 	-	 	-	 -
Unrealised	foreign	exchange	(gain)/loss 	(1,009) 	1,313	 	-	 	-	
Share of results of an associate and a joint venture 	(31,036) 	-	 	-	 	-	
Operating	cash	flows	before	changes	in	working	
capital 	6,196,795	 	3,189,784	 	(3,259) 	(21,271)
Statements of Changes in Equity
For	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023
 note 
 
 Share 
 capital 
 Distributable 
 retained 
 earnings 
 Share-
 based
 payment 
 reserve 
 total 
 equity 
Company  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000 
 (note 30)  (note 28) 
At 1 January 2022 	769,655	 	494	 	-	 	770,149	
Total comprehensive income 	-	 	1,010,876	 	-	 	1,010,876	
Transaction	with	owners:
Issuance of ordinary shares 27 	15,826,032	 	-	 	-	 	15,826,032	
Dividends on ordinary shares 10 	-	 	(1,010,750) 	-	 	(1,010,750)
At 31 December 2022 	16,595,687	 	620	 	-	 	16,596,307	
Total comprehensive income 	-	 	1,586,879	 	-	 	1,586,879	
Transaction	with	owners:
Share-based	payments 	-	 	-	 	938	 	938	
Dividends on ordinary shares 10 	-	 	(1,501,633) 	-	 	(1,501,633)
At 31 December 2023 	16,595,687	 	85,866	 	938	 	16,682,491	
The	accompanying	accounting	policies	and	explanatory 	information	form	an	integral	part	of	the	financial	statements.

---- Page 73 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
143
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
142
Who We Are
Statements of Cash Flows
For	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023
 Group  Company 
note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000 
 Restated  
cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of loans and borrowings 	(3,166,245) 	(1,175,000) 	(91,950) 	-	
Drawdown of loans and borrowings  1,944,465	 	3,550,000	 	402,000	 	2,522,000	
Payment	of	lease	liabilities  (1,028,000) 	(485,325) 	-	 	-	
Dividends paid 10 	(1,501,633) 	(1,010,750) 	(1,501,633) 	(1,010,750)
Dividends	paid	to	non-controlling	interests 	(7,285) 	-	 	-	 	-	
Net	cash	flows	(used	in)/from	financing	activities 	(3,758,698) 	878,925	 	(1,191,583) 	1,511,250
net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 	(825,169) 	1,016,621	 	(3,991) 	3,402	
Effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	cash	and	cash	
equivalents 	1,389	 	(350) 	-	 	-	
Net increase in restricted cash and cash equivalents 	(534) 	(2,506) 	-	 	-	
cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial 
year 	1,218,292	 	204,527	 	4,072	 	670	
cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year 22 	393,978	 	1,218,292	 	81	 	4,072
The	accompanying	accounting	policies	and	explanatory 	information	form	an	integral	part	of	the	financial	statements.
Statements of Cash Flows
For	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023
 Group  Company 
note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000 
 Restated  
cash flows from operating activities (cont'd.)
Changes	in	working	capital:
Inventories 	(73,499) 	33,035	 	-	 	-	
Trade and other receivables 	(788,907) 	(152,409) 	47,112	 	(47,112)
Contract asset 	(222,553) 	(97,761) 	-	 	-	
Contract costs 	(115,497) 	(98,532) 	-	 	-	
Trade and other payables 	697,400	 	67,290	 	(44,403) 69,005
Contract	liabilities 	(336) 	(19,104) 	-	 	-	
Cash	flows	from	operations 	5,693,403	 	2,922,303	 	(550) 622
Interest paid 	(626,232) 	(257,948) 	(123,836) 	(145)
Proceeds from government grants 	682,625	 	230,463	 	-	 	-	
Defined	benefit	paid 25.1 	(94) 	(48) 	-	 	-	
Income	taxes	and	zakat	paid 	(666,644) 	(335,499)  (109) (22)
Net	cash	flows	from/(used	in)	operating	activities 	5,083,058	 	2,559,271	 	(124,495) 455
cash flows from investing activities
Purchase	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	 	(1,624,297) 	(724,109) 	-	 	-	
Purchase of intangible assets 	(187,398) 	(164,027) 	-	 	-	
Acquisition	of	a	subsidiary,	net	of	cash	acquired 	(402,000) 	(1,546,746) 	(402,000) 	(2,468,900)
Investment	in	a	subsidairy	by	non-controlling	interest 	960	 	-	 	-	 	-	
Other	payments	arising	from	investments 	-	 	-	 	-	 (65,123)
Dividends received from subsidiaries 5 	-	 	-	 	1,713,634	 	1,025,500	
Interest received 	31,935	 	10,227	 	453	  220 
Proceeds	from	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	
equipment 	17,336	 	3,080	 	-	 	-	
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets 	13,935	 	-	 	-	 	-	
Net	cash	flows	(used	in)/from	investing	activities 	(2,149,529) 	(2,421,575) 	1,312,087	 (1,508,303)

---- Page 74 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
145
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
144
Who We Are
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.2 b asis of consolidation (cont’d.)
	 Profit	 or	loss	and	each	component	of	other	comprehensive	income	(“OCI”)	are	attributed	to	the	equity	holders	of	
the	parent	of	the	Group	and	to	the	non-controlling	interests,	even	if	this	results	in	the	non-controlling	interests	
having	a	deficit	balance.	When	necessary,	adjustments	are	made	to	the	financial	statements	of	subsidiaries	to	bring	
their	accounting	policies	in	line	with	the	Group’s	accounting	policies.	All	intra-group	assets	and	liabilities,	equity,	
income,	expenses	and	cash	flows	relating	to	transactions	between	members	of	the	Group	are	eliminated	in	full	on	
consolidation.
	 A 	change	in	the	ownership	interest	of	a	subsidiary,	without	a	loss	of	control,	is	accounted	for	as	an	equity	transaction.
	 If 	the	Group	loses	control	over	a	subsidiary,	it	derecognises	the	related	assets	(including	goodwill),	liabilities,	non-
controlling	interest	and	other	components	of	equity,	while	any	resultant	gain	or	loss	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.	Any	
investment retained is recognised at fair value.
business combinations
	 Business	 combinations	are	accounted	for	using	the	acquisition	method.	The	cost	of	an	acquisition	is	measured	as	the	
aggregate	of	the	consideration	transferred,	which	is	measured	at	acquisition	date	fair	value,	and	the	amount	of	any	
non-controlling	interests	in	the	acquiree.	For	each	business	combination,	the	Group	elects	whether	to	measure	the	
non-controlling	interests	in	the	acquiree	at	fair	value	or	at	the	proportionate	share	of	the	acquiree’s	identifiable	net	
assets.	Acquisition-related	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred	and	included	in	administrative	expenses. 	
	 The	 Group	determines	that	it	has	acquired	a	business	when	the	acquired	set	of	activities	and	assets	include	an	input	
and	a	substantive	process	that	together	significantly	contribute	to	the	ability	to	create	outputs.	The	acquired	process	
is	considered	substantive	if	it	is	critical	to	the	ability	to	continue	producing	outputs,	and	the	inputs	acquired	include	
an	organised	workforce	with	the	necessary	skills,	knowledge,	or	experience	to	perform	that	process	or	it	significantly	
contributes	to	the	ability	to	continue	producing	outputs	and	is	considered	unique	or	scarce	or	cannot	be	replaced	
without	significant	cost,	effort,	or	delay	in	the	ability	to	continue	producing	outputs.	
	 When	 the	Group	acquires	a	business,	it	assesses	the	financial	assets	and	liabilities	assumed	for	appropriate	classification	
and	designation	in	accordance	with	the	contractual	terms,	economic	circumstances	and	pertinent	conditions	as	at	the	
acquisition	date.	This	includes	the	separation	of	embedded	derivatives	in	host	contracts	by	the	acquiree.	
	 Any 	contingent	consideration	to	be	transferred	by	the	acquirer	will	be	recognised	at	fair	value	at	the	acquisition	date.	
Contingent	consideration	classified	as	equity	is	not	remeasured	and	its	subsequent	settlement	is	accounted	for	within	
equity.	Contingent	consideration	classified	as	an	asset	or	liability	that	is	a	financial	instrument	and	within	the	scope	
of	MFRS	9	Financial	Instruments,	is	measured	at	fair	value	with	the	changes	in	fair	value	recognised	in	the	statement	
of	profit	or	loss	in	accordance	with	MFRS	9.	Other	contingent	consideration	that	is	not	within	the	scope	of	MFRS	9	is	
measured	at	fair	value	at	each	reporting	date	with	changes	in	fair	value	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.
	 Goodwill	 is	initially	measured	at	cost	(being	the	excess	of	the	aggregate	of	the	consideration	transferred	and	the	amount	
recognised	for	non-controlling	interests	and	any	previous	interest	held	over	the	net	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	
liabilities	assumed).	If	the	fair	value	of	the	net	assets	acquired	is	in	excess	of	the	aggregate	consideration	transferred,	
the	Group	re-assesses	whether	it	has	correctly	identified	all	of	the	assets	acquired	and	all	of	the	liabilities	assumed	and	
reviews	the	procedures	used	to	measure	the	amounts	to	be	recognised	at	the	acquisition	date.	If	the	reassessment	still	
results	in	an	excess	of	the	fair	value	of	net	assets	acquired	over	the	aggregate	consideration	transferred,	then	the	gain	
is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
1. cOrpOrate Inf OrmatIOn
	 The	 Company	is	a	public	limited	liability	company,	incorporated	and	domiciled	in	Malaysia,	and	is	listed	on	the	Main	Market	
of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad	(“Bursa	Securities”).	The	principal	place	of	business	is	located	at	Level	31,	Menara	
CelcomDigi,	No.	6,	Persiaran	Barat,	Seksyen	52,	46200	Petaling	Jaya,	Selangor.	The	registered	office	of	the	Company	is	
located	at	Level	30,	Menara	CelcomDigi,	No.	6,	Persiaran	Barat,	Seksyen	52,	46200	Petaling	 Jaya,	Selangor.
	 The	 principal	activity	of	the	Company	is	investment	holding,	whilst	the	principal	activities	of	the	subsidiaries	are	stated	in	
Note	15.	There	has	been	no	significant	change	in	the	nature	of 	the	principal	activities	during	the	financial	 year.
	 Related	 companies	refer	to	companies	within	the	Axiata	Group	Berhad	(“Axiata”)	and	its	subsidiaries	(“Axiata	Group”)	and	
Telenor	ASA	and	its	subsidiaries	(“Telenor	Group”).
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes
2.1 b asis of preparation
	 The	 financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	have	been	prepared	in	accordance	with	Malaysian	Financial	
Reporting	Standards	(“MFRS”),	International	Financial	Reporting	Standards	and	the	requirements	of	the	Companies	
Act	2016	in	Malaysia.
	 The	 financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	have	been	prepared	on	the	historical	cost	convention	
unless	indicated	otherwise	in	the	accounting	policies	below.
	 The	 financial	statements	are	presented	in	Ringgit	Malaysia	(“RM”)	and	all	values	are	rounded	to	the	nearest	thousand	
(“RM’000”)	except	when	otherwise	indicated.
2.2 b asis of consolidation
	 The	 consolidated	financial	statements	comprise	the	financial	statements	of	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	as	at	
the	reporting	date.	The	financial	statements	of	the	subsidiaries	used	in	the	preparation	of	the	consolidated	financial	
statements	are	prepared	for	the	same	reporting	date	as	the	Company.	Consistent	accounting	policies	are	applied	for	
like	transactions	and	events	in	similar	circumstances.	
	 The	Company 	controls	an	investee	if,	and	only	if,	the	Company	has	all	the	following:
(i)	 Power 	over	the	investee	(i.e.	existing	rights	that	give	it	the	current	ability	to	direct	the	relevant	activities	of	the	
investee);
(ii)	 Exposure,	or 	rights,	to	variable	returns	from	its	investment	with	the	investee;	and	
(iii)	 The	ability 	to	use	its	power	over	the	investee	to	affect	its	returns.
	 The	 Group	re-assesses	whether	or	not	it	controls	an	investee	if	facts	and	circumstances	indicate	that	there	are	changes	
to	one	or	more	of	the	three	elements	of	control.	Consolidation	of	a	subsidiary	begins	when	the	Group	obtains	control	
over	the	subsidiary	and	ceases	when	the	Group	loses	control	of	the	subsidiary.	Assets,	liabilities,	income	and	expenses	
of	a	subsidiary	acquired	or	disposed	of	during	the	financial	year	are	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	
from	the	date	the	Group	gains	control	until	the	date	the	Group	ceases	to	control	the	subsidiary.

---- Page 75 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
147
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
146
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.4 Investment in associates and joint ventures (cont’d.)
	 The	 considerations	made	in	determining	significant	influence	or	joint	control	are	similar	to	those	necessary	to	
determine	control	over	subsidiaries.	The	Group’s	investment	in	its	associate	and	joint	venture	are	accounted	for	using	
the equity method.
	 Under 	the	equity	method,	the	investment	in	an	associate	or	a	joint	venture	is	initially	recognised	at	cost.	The	carrying	
amount	of	the	investment	is	adjusted	to	recognise	changes	in	the	Group’s	share	of	net	assets	of	the	associate	or	
joint	venture	since	the	acquisition	date.	Goodwill	relating	to	the	associate	or	joint	venture	is	included	in	the	carrying	
amount of the investment and is not tested for impairment separately.
	 The	 consolidated	statement	of	comprehensive	income	reflects	the	Group’s	share	of	the	results	of	operations	of	the	
associate	or	joint	venture.	Any	change	in	OCI	of	those	investees	is	presented	as	part	of	the	Group’s	OCI.	In	addition,	
when	there	has	been	a	change	recognised	directly	in	the	equity	of	the	associate	or	joint	venture,	the	Group	recognises	
its	share	of	any	changes,	when	applicable,	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	changes	in	equity.	Unrealised	gains	and	
losses	resulting	from	transactions	between	the	Group	and	the	associate	or	joint	venture	are	eliminated	to	the	extent	
of the interest in the associate or joint venture.
	 The	 aggregate	of	the	Group’s	share	of	profit	or	loss	of	an	associate	and	a	joint	venture	is	shown	on	the	face	of	the	
consolidated	statement	of	comprehensive	income	outside	operating	profit	and	represents	profit	or	loss	after	tax	and	
non controlling interests in the subsidiaries of the associate or joint venture.
	 The	 financial	statements	of	the	associate	or	joint	venture	are	prepared	for	the	same	reporting	period	as	the	Group.	
When	necessary,	adjustments	are	made	to	bring	the	accounting	policies	in	line	 with	those	of	the	Group.
	 After 	application	of	the	equity	method,	the	Group	determines	whether	it	is	necessary	to	recognise	an	impairment	
loss	on	its	investment	in	its	associate	or	joint	venture.	At	each	reporting	date,	the	Group	determines	whether	there	
is	objective	evidence	that	the	investment	in	the	associate	or	joint	venture	is	impaired.	If	there	is	such	evidence,	the	
Group	calculates	the	amount	of	impairment	as	the	difference	between	the	recoverable	amount	of	the	associate	or	
joint	venture	and	its	carrying	value,	and	then	recognises	the	loss	within	‘Share	of	results	of	an	associate	and	a	joint	
venture’	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	profit	or	loss.
	 Upon	 loss	of	significant	influence	over	the	associate	or	joint	control	over	the	joint	venture,	the	Group	measures	and	
recognises	any	retained	investment	at	its	fair	value.	Any	difference	between	the	carrying	amount	of	the	associate	
or	joint	venture	upon	loss	of	significant	influence	or	joint	control	and	the	fair	value	of	the	retained	investment	and	
proceeds	from	disposal	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.
2.5 p roperty, plant and equipment, and depreciation
	 All	 items	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	are	initially	recorded	at	cost.	The	cost	of	an	item	of	property,	plant	and	
equipment	is	recognised	as	an	asset	if,	and	only	if,	it	is	probable	that	future	economic	benefits	associated	with	the	item	
will	flow	to	the	Group	and	the	cost	of	the	item	can	be	measured	reliably.
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.2 b asis of consolidation (cont’d.)
business combinations (cont’d.)
	 After 	initial	recognition,	goodwill	is	measured	at	cost	less	any	accumulated	impairment	losses.	For	the	purpose	of	
impairment	testing,	goodwill	acquired	in	a	business	combination	is,	from	the	acquisition	date,	allocated	to	each	of	the	
Group’s	cash-generating	units	that	are	expected	to	benefit	from	the	combination,	irrespective	of	whether	other	assets	
or	liabilities	of	the	acquiree	are	assigned	to	those	units.
	 Where	 goodwill	has	been	allocated	to	a	cash-generating	unit	(“CGU”)	and	part	of	the	operation	within	that	unit	is	
disposed	of,	the	goodwill	associated	with	the	disposed	operation	is	included	in	the	carrying	amount	of	the	operation	
when	determining	the	gain	or	loss	on	disposal.	Goodwill	disposed	in	these	circumstances	is	measured	based	on	the	
relative	values	of	the	disposed	operation	and	the	portion	of	the	CGU	retained.
	 The	 Group	applies	predecessor	accounting	to	account	for	business	combinations	under	common	control.	Under	
predecessor	accounting,	assets	and	liabilities	acquired	are	not	restated	to	their	respective	fair	values.	They	are	
recognised	at	the	carrying	amounts	from	the	consolidated	financial	statements	of	the	ultimate	holding	company	of	
the	Group	and	adjusted	to	conform	with	the	accounting	policies	adopted	by	the	Group.	The	difference	between	any	
consideration	given	and	the	aggregate	carrying	amounts	of	the	assets	and	liabilities	(as	of	the	date	of	the	transaction)	
of	the	acquired	entity	is	recognised	as	an	adjustment	to	equity.	No	additional	goodwill	is	recognised.
	 The	 acquired	entity’s	results,	assets	and	liabilities	are	consolidated	as	if	both	the	acquirer	and	acquiree	had	always	
been	combined.	Consequently,	the	consolidated	financial	statements	reflect	both	entities’	full	year’s	results.	The	
comparative	information	is	restated	to	reflect	the	combined	results	of	both	entities.	Acquisition-related	costs	are	
expensed	as	incurred.
2.3 Investment in subsidiaries
	 In	 the	Company’s	separate	financial	statements,	investment	in	subsidiaries	are	accounted	for	at	cost	less	impairment	
losses.	On	disposal	of	such	investments,	the	difference	between	net	disposal	proceeds	and	their	carrying	amounts	is	
included	in	profit	or	loss.	
	 Where	 an	indication	of	impairment	exists,	the	carrying	amount	of	the	investment	is	assessed	and	written	down	
immediately	to	its	recoverable	amount.	See	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies	Note	2.7	on	impairment	of	
non-financial	assets.
	 On	 disposal	of	investments	in	subsidiaries,	the	difference	between	disposal	proceeds	and	the	carrying	amounts	of	the	
investments	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.	Disposal-related	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.
	 The	 amounts	due	from	subsidiaries	of	which	the	Group	does	not	expect	repayment	are	considered	as	quasi-investment	
as	part	of	the	Group’s	investments	in	the	subsidiaries.
2.4 Investment in associates and joint ventures
	 An	 associate	is	an	entity	over	which	the	Group	has	significant	influence.	Significant	influence	is	the	power	to	participate	
in	the	financial	and	operating	policy	decisions	of	the	investee,	but	is	not	control	or	joint	control	over	those	policies.
	 A 	joint	venture	is	a	type	of	joint	arrangement	whereby	the	parties	that	have	joint	control	of	the	arrangement	have	rights	
to	the	net	assets	of	the	joint	venture.	Joint	control	is	the	contractually	agreed	sharing	of	control	of	an	arrangement,	
which	exists	only	when	decisions	about	the	relevant	activities	require	the	unanimous	consent	of	the	parties	sharing	
control.

---- Page 76 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
149
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
148
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.6 Intangible assets (cont’d.)
	 Intangible	 assets	with	indefinite	useful	lives	or	not	yet	available	for	use	are	not	amortised,	but	are	tested	for	impairment	
annually,	or	more	frequently	if	events	and	circumstances	indicate	that	the	carrying	value	may	be	impaired	either	
individually	or	at	the	CGU	level.	The	assessment	of	indefinite	life	is	reviewed	annually	to	determine	whether	the	
indefinite	life	continues	to	be	supportable.	If	not,	the	change	in	useful	life	from	indefinite	to	finite	is	made	on	a	
prospective	basis.
	 An	 intangible	asset	is	derecognised	upon	disposal	(i.e.,	at	the	date	the	recipient	obtains	control)	or	when	no	future	
economic	benefits	are	expected	from	its	use	or	disposal.	Any	gain	or	loss	arising	upon	derecognition	of	the	asset	
(calculated	as	the	difference	between	the	net	disposal	proceeds	and	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset)	is	included	in	
profit	and	loss.
 c omputer software
	 Costs	 incurred	to	acquire	computer	software,	that	are	not	an	integral	part	of	the	related	hardware,	are	capitalised	as	
intangible	assets	and	amortised	on	a	straight-line	basis	over 	the	estimated	useful	life	of	5	years.
 c ustomer relationship
	 Customer 	relationship	acquired	in	a	business	combination	is	measured	at	fair	value	at	the	date	of	acquisition.	The	
customer	relationship	with	finite	life	is	amortised	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	its	estimated	useful	life	of	10	years	and	
assessed	for	impairment	whenever	there	is	an	indication	that	the	customer	relationship	may	be	impaired.
 t rademark
	 Trademark	 acquired	in	a	business	combination	is	measured	at	fair	value	at	the	date	of	acquisition.	The	trademark,	which	
is	considered	to	have	indefinite	useful	life,	is	not	amortised	but	tested	for	impairment,	annually	or	more	frequently,	
when	indications	of	impairment	are	identified.	The	useful	life	of	trademark	is	reviewed	annually	to	determine	whether	
indefinite	life	assessment	continues	to	be	supportable.	If	not,	the	change	in	the	useful	life	assessment	from	indefinite	
to	finite	is	made	on	prospective	basis.
 Goodwill
	 The	accounting	policy 	on	goodwill	is	disclosed	in	Note	2.2.
2.7 Impairment of non-financial assets
	 At	 each	reporting	date,	the	Group	reviews	the	carrying	amounts	of	its	non-financial	assets	to	determine	whether	
there	is	any	indication	of	impairment.	If	any	such	indication	exists,	impairment	is	measured	by	comparing	the	carrying	
amounts of the assets with their recoverable amounts. 
	 For 	intangible	assets	not	yet	available	for	use,	the	recoverable	amount	is	estimated	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	period,	
or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired either individually or 
at	the	cash	generating	unit	(“CGU”)	level.
	 An	 asset’s	recoverable	amount	is	the	higher	of	an	asset’s	fair	value	less	costs	to	sell	and	its	value	in	use	(“VIU”).	For	the	
purpose	of	assessing	impairment,	assets	are	grouped	at	the	lowest	levels	for	which	there	are	separately	identifiable	
cash	flows,	namely	a	CGU.
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.5 p roperty, plant and equipment, and depreciation (cont’d.)
	 Subsequent	 to	recognition,	property,	plant	and	equipment,	except	for	freehold	land	and	capital	work-in-progress,	
are	measured	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation	and	accumulated	impairment	losses,	if	any.	The	cost	of	an	item	
includes	expenditure	that	is	attributable	to	the	acquisition	of	the	item.	Subsequent	costs	are	included	in	the	asset’s	
carrying	amount	or	recognised	as	a	separate	asset,	as	appropriate,	only	when	it	is	probable	that	future	economic	
benefits	associated	with	the	item	will	flow	to	the	Group	and	the	cost	of	the	item	can	be	measured	reliably.	When	
significant	parts	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	are	required	to	be	replaced	in	intervals,	the	Group	recognises	such	
parts	as	individual	assets	with	specific	useful	lives	and	depreciation,	respectively.	The	carrying	amount	of	the	replaced	
part	is	then	derecognised.	Likewise,	when	a	major	inspection	is	performed,	its	cost	is	recognised	in	the	carrying	
amount	of	the	asset	as	a	replacement	if	the	recognition	criteria	are	satisfied.	All	other	repair	and	maintenance	costs	
are	recognised	in	profit	and	loss	as	incurred.	
	 Freehold	 land	has	an	unlimited	useful	life	and	is	therefore	not	depreciated.	Capital	work-in-progress	representing	assets	
under	construction,	is	also	not	depreciated	as	these	assets	are	not	yet	available	for	its	intended	use.	Depreciation	of	
other	property,	plant	and	equipment	is	computed	on	a	straight-line	basis	to	write	down	the	cost	of	each	asset	to	its	
residual	value	over	the	estimated	useful	life,	at	the	following	annual	rates	or 	periods:	
Buildings	 	2.0%	
Motor	vehicles	 	20.0%	
Computer	systems	 	20.0%	-	33.3%	
Furniture	and	fittings	 	14.3%	-	20.0%	
Telecommunications	network	 	3.3%	-	33.3%	
	 The	 residual	values,	useful	lives	and	depreciation	method	are	reviewed	at	each	financial	year	end,	and	adjusted	prospectively,	
if	appropriate,	to	ensure	that	the	amount,	method	and	period	of	depreciation	are	consistent	with	the	expected	pattern	of	
consumption	of	the	future	economic	benefits	embodied	in	the	items	of	property,	plant	and	equipment.
	 The	 carrying	values	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	are	reviewed	for	impairment	when	events	or	changes	in	
circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. 
	 An	 item	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	is	derecognised	upon	disposal	or	when	no	future	economic	benefits	are	
expected	from	its	use	or	disposal.	Any	gain	or	loss	arising	from	the	difference	between	the	net	disposal	proceeds,	if	
any,	and	the	net	carrying	amount	is	recognised	in	profit	and	loss	in	the	financial	 year	the	asset	is	derecognised.
2.6 Intangible assets
	 Intangible	 assets	acquired	separately	are	measured	on	initial	recognition	at	cost.	The	cost	of	intangible	assets	acquired	
in	a	business	combination	is	their	fair	value	at	the	date	of	acquisition.	Following	initial	recognition,	intangible	assets	are	
measured	at	cost	less	accumulated	amortisation	and	accumulated	impairment	losses.	Internally	generated	intangibles,	
excluding	capitalised	development	costs,	are	not	capitalised	and	the	related	expenditure	is	reflected	in	profit	or	loss	in	
the	period	in	which	the	expenditure	is	incurred.
The	useful	lives	of	intangible	assets	are	assessed	as	either	finite	or	indefinite.	
	 Intangible	 assets	with	finite	useful	lives	are	amortised	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	and	assessed	for	impairment	
whenever	there	is	an	indication	that	the	intangible	asset	may	be	impaired.	The	amortisation	period	and	the	amortisation	
method	for	an	intangible	asset	with	a	finite	useful	life	are	reviewed	at	least	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	period.	
Changes	in	the	expected	useful	life	or	the	expected	pattern	of	consumption	of	future	economic	benefits	embodied	in	
the	asset	are	considered	to	modify	the	amortisation	period	or	method,	as	appropriate,	and	are	treated	as	changes	in	
accounting	estimates.	The	amortisation	expense	on	intangible	assets	with	finite	lives	is	recognised	in	profit	and	loss. 	

---- Page 77 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
151
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
150
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.9 f inancial assets (cont’d.)
2.9.1 Initial recognition and measurement (cont’d.)
	 Purchases	 or	sales	of	financial	assets	that	require	delivery	of	assets	within	a	time	frame	established	by	regulation	
or	convention	in	the	market	place	(regular	way	trades)	are	recognised	on	the	trade	date,	i.e.,	the	date	that	the	
Group	commits	to	purchase	or	sell	the	asset.
2.9.2 s ubsequent measurement
For	purposes	of	subsequent	measurement,	financial	assets	are	classified	in	four 	categories:
-	 Financial	assets	at	amortised	cost	(debt	instruments)
-	 Financial	 assets	at	fair	value	through	OCI	with	recycling	of	cumulative	gains	and	losses	(debt	instruments)
-	 Financial	 assets	designated	at	fair	value	through	OCI	with	no	recycling	of	cumulative	gains	and	losses	
upon	derecognition	(equity	instruments)
-	 Financial	assets	at	fair 	value	through	profit	or	loss
	 The	 Group	and	the	Company	do	not	have	any	debt	instruments	at	fair	value	through	OCI	with	recycling	of	
cumulative	gains	and	losses.
(a) f inancial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
	 This	 category	is	the	most	relevant	to	the	Group	and	the	Company.	The	Group	and	the	Company	measure	
financial	assets	at	amortised	cost	if	both	of	the	following	conditions	are	met:
-	 The	 financial	asset	is	held	within	a	business	model	with	the	objective	to	hold	financial	assets	in	
order	to	collect	contractual	cash	flows;	and
-	 The	 contractual	terms	of	the	financial	asset	give	rise	on	specified	dates	to	cash	flows	that	are	
solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
	 Financial	 assets	at	amortised	cost	are	subsequently	measured	using	the	effective	interest	(“EIR”)	
method	and	are	subject	to	impairment.	Gains	and	losses	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	when	the	asset	
is	derecognised,	modified	or	impaired.
	 The	 Group’s	and	the	Company’s	financial	assets	at	amortised	cost	includes	trade	and	other	receivables	
and	cash	and	short-term	deposits.
(b) Financial assets designated at fair value through OCi (equity instruments)
	 Upon	 initial	recognition,	the	Group	can	elect	to	classify	irrevocably	its	equity	investments	as	equity	
instruments	designated	at	fair	value	through	OCI	when	they	meet	the	definition	of	equity	under	MFRS	
132	Financial	Instruments:	Presentation	and	are	not	held	for	trading.	The	classification	is	determined	on	
an	instrument-by	instrument	basis.
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.7 Impairment of non-financial assets (cont’d.)
	 In	 assessing	VIU,	the	estimated	future	cash	flows	expected	to	be	generated	by	the	asset	are	discounted	to	their	
present	value	using	a	pre-tax	discount	rate	that	reflects	current	market	assessments	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	
the	risks	specific	to	the	asset.	Where	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	exceeds	its	recoverable	amount,	the	asset	is	
written	down	to	its	recoverable	amount.	Impairment	losses	recognised	in	respect	of	a	CGU	or	groups	of	CGUs	are	
allocated	first	to	reduce	the	carrying	amount	of	any	goodwill	allocated	to	those	units	or	groups	of	units,	if	any	and	
then,	to	reduce	the	carrying	amount	of	the	other	assets	in	the	unit	or	groups	of	units	on	a	pro-rata	basis.	
	 An	 impairment	is	recognised	whenever	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	or	CGU	exceeds	its	recoverable	amount,	and	
the	impairment	loss	is	recognised	as	an	expense	in	profit	and	loss	in	the	period	in	 which	it	arises.
	 An	 assessment	is	made	at	each	reporting	date	as	to	whether	there	is	any	indication	that	previously	recognised	
impairment	losses	may	no	longer	exist	or	may	have	decreased.	A	previously	recognised	impairment	loss	is	reversed	if,	
and	only	if	there	has	been	a	change	in	the	estimates	used	to	determine	the	asset’s	recoverable	amount	since	the	last	
impairment	loss	was	recognised.	If	that	is	the	case,	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	is	increased	to	its	recoverable	
amount.	That	increase	cannot	exceed	the	carrying	amount	that	would	have	been	determined,	net	of	depreciation,	had	
no	impairment	loss	been	recognised	previously.	Such	reversal	is	recognised	in	profit	or 	loss.
2.8 Inventories
 Inventories are stated at lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average basis. 
The cost of trading merchandise comprises costs of purchases and other incidental costs incurred in bringing these 
merchandise	to	their	present	condition	and	location.
	 Net	 realisable	value	is	the	estimated	selling	price	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	less	the	estimated	costs	necessary	
to make the sale.
2.9 f inancial assets
2.9.1 Initial recognition and measurement
	 Financial	 assets	are	classified,	at	initial	recognition	as,	subsequently	measured	at	amortised	cost,	fair	value	
through	other	comprehensive	income	(“OCI”),	and	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.
	 The	 classification	of	financial	assets	at	initial	recognition	depends	on	the	financial	asset’s	contractual	cash	
flow	characteristics	and	the	Group’s	and	Company’s	business	model	for	managing	them.	The	Group	and	the	
Company	initially	measure	a	financial	asset	at	its	fair	value	plus,	in	the	case	of	a	financial	asset	not	at	fair	
value	through	profit	or	loss,	transaction	costs	except	for	trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	
financing	component.	Trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	financing	component	are	measured	at	
the	transaction	price	determined	under	MFRS	15.
	 In	 order	for	a	financial	asset	to	be	classified	and	measured	at	amortised	cost	or	fair	value	through	OCI,	it	needs	
to	give	rise	to	cash	flows	that	are	‘solely	payments	of	principal	and	interest	(“SPPI”)’	on	the	principal	amount	
outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.
	 The	 Group’s	and	the	Company’s	business	model	for	managing	financial	assets	refer	to	how	the	financial	assets	
are	managed	in	order	to	generate	cash	flows.	The	business	model	determines	whether	cash	flows	will	result	
from	collecting	contractual	cash	flows,	selling	the	financial	assets,	or 	both.

---- Page 78 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
153
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
152
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.9 f inancial assets (cont’d.)
2.9.3 d erecognition (cont’d.)
	 When	 the	Group	and	the	Company	have	transferred	their	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	an	asset	or	have	
entered	into	a	pass-through	arrangement,	the	Group	and	the	Company	evaluate	if,	and	to	what	extent,	they	have	
retained	the	risks	and	rewards	of	ownership.	When	they	have	neither	transferred	nor	retained	substantially	all	
of	the	risks	and	rewards	of	the	asset,	nor	transferred	control	of	the	asset,	the	Group	and	the	Company	continue	
to	recognise	the	transferred	asset	to	the	extent	of	its	continuing	involvement.	In	that	case,	the	Group	and	the	
Company also recognise an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured 
on	a	basis	that	reflects	the	rights	and	obligations	that	the	Group	and	the	Company 	have	retained.
	 Continuing	 involvement	that	takes	the	form	of	a	guarantee	over	the	transferred	asset	is	measured	at	the	lower	
of	the	original	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	and	the	maximum	amount	of	consideration	that	the	Group	and	the	
Company could be required to repay.
2.10 Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
	 The	 Group	recognises	an	allowance	for	expected	credit	losses	(“ECLs”)	for	all	debt	instruments	not	held	at	fair	value	
through	profit	or	loss	and	contract	assets.	ECLs	are	based	on	the	difference	between	the	contractual	cash	flows	due	in	
accordance	with	the	contract	and	all	the	cash	flows	that	the	Group	expects	to	receive,	discounted	at	an	approximation	
of	the	original	effective	interest	rate.	The	expected	cash	flows	will	include	cash	flows	from	the	sale	of	collateral	held	
or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
	 ECLs	 are	recognised	in	two	stages.	For	credit	exposures	for	which	there	has	not	been	a	significant	increase	in	credit	
risk	since	initial	recognition,	ECLs	are	provided	for	credit	losses	that	result	from	default	events	that	are	possible	within	
the	next	12-months	(a	12-month	ECL).	For	those	credit	exposures	for	which	there	has	been	a	significant	increase	in	
credit	risk	since	initial	recognition,	a	loss	allowance	is	required	for	credit	losses	expected	over	the	remaining	life	of	the	
exposure,	irrespective	of	the	timing	of	the	default	(a	lifetime	ECL).
	 For 	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets,	the	Group	applies	a	simplified	approach	in	calculating	ECLs.	Therefore,	the	
Group	does	not	track	changes	in	credit	risk,	but	instead	recognises	a	loss	allowance	based	on	lifetime	ECLs	at	each	
reporting	date.	The	Group	has	established	a	provision	matrix	that	is	based	on	its	historical	credit	loss	experience,	
adjusted	for	forward-looking	factors	specific	to	the	category	of	debtors	and	the	economic	environment.
	 The	 Group	considers	a	financial	asset	in	default	when	contractual	payments	are	overdue	for	more	than	60	days.	
However,	in	certain	cases,	the	Group	may	also	consider	a	financial	asset	to	be	in	default	when	internal	or	external	
information	indicates	that	the	Group	is	unlikely	to	receive	the	outstanding	contractual	amounts	in	full	before	taking	
into	account	any	credit	enhancements	held	by	the	Group.	A	financial	asset	is	written	off	when	there	is	no	reasonable	
expectation	of	recovering	the	contractual	cash	flows.
2.11 cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks and deposits with licensed banks with a maturity of 
three	months	or	less	that	are	readily	convertible	to	known	amounts	of	cash	and	which	are	subject	to	an	insignificant	
risk	of	changes	in	value.	These	also	include	bank	overdrafts,	if	any,	that	form	an	integral	part	of	the	Group’s	cash	
management.
	 Interest	 income	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	by	applying	the	effective	interest	rate	to	the	gross	carrying	amount	of	
the	financial	assets.
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.9 f inancial assets (cont’d.)
2.9.2 s ubsequent measurement (cont’d.)
(b) f inancial assets designated at fair value through OcI (equity instruments) (cont’d.)
	 Gains	 and	losses	on	these	financial	assets	are	never	recycled	to	profit	or	loss.	Dividends	are	recognised	
as	other	income	in	the	profit	or	loss	when	the	right	of	payment	has	been	established,	except	when	the	
Group	benefits	from	such	proceeds	as	a	recovery	of	part	of	the	cost	of	the	financial	asset,	in	which	case,	
such	gains	are	recorded	in	OCI.	Equity	instruments	designated	at	fair	value	through	OCI	are	not	subject	
to impairment assessment.
	 The	Group	elected	to	classify 	irrevocably	its	non-listed	equity	investments	under	this	category.
(c) f inancial assets at fair value through profit or loss
	 Financial	 assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	include	financial	assets	held	for	trading,	financial	assets	
designated	upon	initial	recognition	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	or	financial	assets	mandatorily	
required	to	be	measured	at	fair	value.	Financial	assets	are	classified	as	held	for	trading	if	they	are	
acquired	for	the	purpose	of	selling	or	repurchasing	in	the	near	term.	Derivatives	are	classified	as	held	
for	trading	unless	they	are	designated	as	effective	hedging	instruments.	Financial	assets	with	cash	flows	
that	are	not	solely	payments	of	principal	and	interest	are	classified	and	measured	at	fair	value	through	
profit	or	loss,	irrespective	of	the	business	model.	Notwithstanding	the	criteria	for	debt	instruments	to	
be	classified	at	amortised	cost	or	at	fair	value	through	OCI,	as	described	above,	debt	instruments	may	be	
designated	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	on	initial	recognition	if	doing	so	eliminates,	or	significantly	
reduces,	an	accounting	mismatch.
	 Financial	 assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	are	carried	in	the	statement	of	financial	position	at	
fair	value	with	net	changes	in	fair	value	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss.
	 This	 category	includes	derivative	instruments	such	as	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	and	interest	
rate	swaps.	Derivative	instruments	are	carried	as	financial	assets	when	the	fair	value	is	positive	and	as	
financial	liabilities	when	the	fair	value	is	negative.
2.9.3 d erecognition
	 A 	financial	asset	(or,	where	applicable,	a	part	of	a	financial	asset	or	part	of	a	group	of	similar	financial	assets)	is	
primarily	derecognised	(i.e.,	removed	from	the	Group’s	and	Company’s	statement	of 	financial	position)	when:
-	 The	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	have	expired;	or
-	 The	 Group	and	the	Company	have	transferred	their	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	or	have	
assumed	an	obligation	to	pay	the	received	cash	flows	in	full	without	material	delay	to	a	third	party	under	
a	‘pass-through’	arrangement;	and	either	(a)	the	Group	and	the	Company	have	transferred	substantially	
all	the	risks	and	rewards	of	the	asset,	or	(b)	the	Group	and	the	Company	have	neither	transferred	nor	
retained	substantially	all	the	risks	and	rewards	of	the	asset,	but	have	transferred	control	of	the	asset.

---- Page 79 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
155
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
154
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.13 f inancial liabilities (cont’d.)
2.13.2 s ubsequent measurement (cont’d.)
	 The	measurement	of 	financial	liabilities	depends	on	their	classification,	as	described	below:	(cont’d.)
(a) f inancial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (cont’d.)
	 Financial	 liabilities	are	classified	as	held	for	trading	if	they	are	incurred	for	the	purpose	of	repurchasing	
in	the	near	term.	This	category	also	includes	derivative	financial	instruments	entered	into	by	the	Group	
that	are	not	designated	as	hedging	instruments	in	hedge	relationships	as	defined	by 	MFRS	9.
	 Gains	or 	losses	on	liabilities	held	for	trading	are	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss.
	 Financial	 liabilities	designated	upon	initial	recognition	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	are	designated	
at	the	initial	date	of	recognition,	and	only	if	the	criteria	in	MFRS	9	are	satisfied.	This	category	includes	
derivative	instruments	such	as	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	and	interest	rate	swaps.
(b) Other financial liabilities 
	 The	 Group’s	and	the	Company’s	other	financial	liabilities	include	trade	and	other	payables,	and	loans	
and borrowings.
	 After 	initial	recognition,	trade	and	other	payables	and	interest-bearing	loans	and	borrowings	are	
subsequently	measured	at	amortised	cost	using	the	EIR	method.	Gains	and	losses	are	recognised	in	
profit	or	loss	when	the	liabilities	are	derecognised	as	well	as	through	the	EIR	amortisation	process.
	 Amortised	 cost	is	calculated	by	taking	into	account	any	discount	or	premium	on	acquisition	and	fees	or	
costs	that	are	an	integral	part	of	the	EIR.	The	EIR	amortisation	is	included	as	finance	costs	in	the	profit	
or loss.
	 This	 category	generally	applies	to	interest-bearing	loans	and	borrowings	and	trade	and	other	payables.	
For	more	information,	refer	to	Note	23	and	Note	26.
2.13.3 d erecognition
	 A 	financial	liability	is	derecognised	when	the	obligation	under	the	liability	is	discharged	or	cancelled	or	expires.	
When	an	existing	financial	liability	is	replaced	by	another	from	the	same	lender	on	substantially	different	
terms,	or	the	terms	of	an	existing	liability	are	substantially	modified,	such	an	exchange	or	modification	is	
treated	as	the	derecognition	of	the	original	liability	and	the	recognition	of	a	new	liability.	The	difference	in	the	
respective	carrying	amounts	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.
2.13.4 Offsetting of financial instruments
	 Financial	 assets	and	financial	liabilities	are	offset	and	the	net	amount	is	reported	in	the	statements	of	financial	
position	if	there	is	a	currently	enforceable	legal	right	to	offset	the	recognised	amounts	and	there	is	an	intention	
to	settle	on	a	net	basis,	to	realise	the	assets	and	settle	the	liabilities	simultaneously.
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.12 p rovision for liabilities
	 Provisions	 for	liabilities	are	recognised	when	the	Group	has	a	present	obligation	as	a	result	of	a	past	event	and	it	is	
probable	that	an	outflow	of	resources	embodying	economic	benefits	will	be	required	to	settle	the	obligation,	and	a	
reliable	estimate	of	the	amount	can	be	made.
	 Provisions	 are	reviewed	at	each	reporting	date	and	adjusted	to	reflect	the	current	best	estimate.	If	it	is	no	longer	
probable	that	an	outflow	of	economic	resources	will	be	required	to	settle	the	obligation,	the	provision	is	reversed.	
Where	the	effect	of	the	time	value	of	money	is	material,	provisions	are	discounted	using	a	current	pre-tax	rate	that	
reflects,	where	appropriate,	the	risks	specific	to	the	liability	to	the	present	value	of	the	expenditure	expected	to	be	
required	to	settle	the	obligation.	When	discounting	is	used,	the	increase	in	the	provision	due	to	the	passage	of	time	is	
recognised	as	a	finance	cost.
(a) s ite decommissioning and restoration costs
	 Provision	 for	site	decommissioning	and	restoration	costs	is	in	respect	of	management’s	best	estimate	on	the	
costs	necessary	to	be	incurred	to	decommission	the	Group’s	telecommunications	network	infrastructure	and	
restore the previously occupied sites.
	 The	 estimated	amount	is	determined	after	taking	into	consideration	the	time	value	of	money,	and	the	initial	
estimated	sum	is	capitalised	as	part	of	the	cost	of	property,	plant	and	equipment.	Where	discounting	is	used,	
the	increase	in	the	provision	due	to	the	passage	of 	time	is	recognised	as	a	finance	cost.
(b) d efined benefit plan
	 Provision	for 	defined	benefit	plan	for	eligible	employees	is	as	disclosed	in	Note	2.17(c).
2.13 f inancial liabilities
2.13.1 Initial recognition and measurement
	 Financial	 liabilities	are	classified,	at	initial	recognition,	as	financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	
loans	and	borrowings,	payables,	or	as	derivatives	designated	as	hedging	instruments	in	an	effective	hedge,	as	
appropriate.
	 All	 financial	liabilities	are	recognised	initially	at	fair	value	and,	in	the	case	of	loans	and	borrowings	and	payables,	
net	of	directly	attributable	transaction	costs.
	 The	 Group’s	and	the	Company’s	financial	liabilities	include	derivative	financial	instruments	and	other	financial	
liabilities.
2.13.2 s ubsequent measurement
	 The	measurement	of 	financial	liabilities	depends	on	their	classification,	as	described	below:
(a) f inancial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
	 Financial	 liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	include	financial	liabilities	held	for	trading	and	
financial	liabilities	designated	upon	initial	recognition	as	financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	
or loss.

---- Page 80 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
157
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
156
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.16 l eases (cont’d.)
Group as a lessee (cont’d.)
(b) l ease liabilities
	 At	 the	commencement	date	of	the	lease,	the	Group	recognises	lease	liabilities	measured	at	the	present	value	
of	lease	payments	to	be	made	over	the	lease	term.	The	lease	payments	include	fixed	payments	(including	in-
substance	fixed	payments)	less	any	lease	incentives	receivable	and	payments	of	penalties	for	terminating	the	
lease,	if	the	lease	term	reflects	the	Group	exercising	the	option	to	terminate.	Variable	lease	payments	that	do	
not	depend	on	an	index	or	a	rate	and	are	dependant	on	a	future	activity	are	recognised	as	expenses	in	the	
period	in	which	the	event	or	condition	that	triggers	the	payment	occurs.
	 In	 calculating	the	present	value	of	lease	payments,	the	Group	uses	its	incremental	borrowing	rate	at	the	lease	
commencement	date	because	the	interest	rate	implicit	in	the	lease	is	not	readily	determinable.	After	the	
commencement	date,	the	amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	increased	to	reflect	the	accretion	of	interest	and	reduced	
for	the	lease	payments	made.	In	addition,	the	carrying	amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	remeasured	if	there	is	a	
modification	or	a	change	in	the	lease	term.
	 The	Group’s	lease	liabilities	are	included	in	loans	and	borrowings.	Please	refer 	to	Note	23.
(c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
	 The	 Group	applies	the	short-term	lease	recognition	exemption	to	its	short-term	leases	of	telecommunication	
network	sites,	equipment	and	billboard	spaces	(i.e.,	those	leases	that	have	a	lease	term	of	12	months	or	less	
from	the	commencement	date).	It	also	applies	the	lease	of	low-value	assets	recognition	exemption	to	leases	of	
office	equipment	and	storage	spaces	that	are	considered	to	be	low	value.	Lease	payments	on	short-term	leases	
and	leases	of	low	value	assets	are	recognised	as	an	expense	on	a	straight-line	basis	over 	the	lease	term.
Group as a lessor
	 Leases	 in	which	the	Group	does	not	transfer	substantially	all	the	risks	and	rewards	incidental	to	ownership	of	an	asset	
are	classified	as	operating	leases.	Rental	income	arising	is	accounted	for	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	lease	terms	
and	is	included	in	revenue	in	the	statement	of	profit	or	loss	due	to	its	operating	nature.	Initial	direct	costs	incurred	in	
negotiating	and	arranging	an	operating	lease	are	added	to	the	carrying	amount	of	the	leased	asset	and	recognised	over	
the	lease	term	on	the	same	basis	as	rental	income.	Contingent	rents	are	recognised	as	revenue	in	the	period	in	which	
they are earned.
2.17 e mployee benefits
(a) s hort-term benefits
	 Wages,	 salaries,	bonuses	and	social	security	contributions	are	recognised	as	an	expense	in	the	period	in	which	
the	associated	services	are	rendered	by	employees.	Short-term	accumulated	compensated	absences	such	as	
paid	annual	leave	are	recognised	when	services	are	rendered	by	employees	that	increase	their	entitlement	to	
future	compensated	absences	netted	off	against	annual	leave	utilised	to	date,	and	short-term	non-accumulating	
compensated absences such as sick leave are recognised when the absences occur. 
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.14 b orrowing costs
	 Borrowing	 costs	directly	attributable	to	the	acquisition,	construction	or	production	of	an	asset	that	necessarily	takes	
a	substantial	period	of	time	to	get	ready	for	its	intended	use	or	sale	are	capitalised	as	part	of	the	cost	of	the	asset.	All	
other	borrowing	costs	are	expensed	in	the	period	in	which	they	occur.	Borrowing	costs	consist	of	interest	and	other	
costs	that	the	Group	incurred	in	connection	with	the	borrowing	of	funds.
2.15 s hare capital and share issuance expenses
	 An	 equity	instrument	is	any	contract	that	evidences	a	residual	interest	in	the	assets	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	
after	deducting	all	of	their	liabilities.	Ordinary	shares	are	equity	instruments.
	 The	 attributable	incremental	transaction	costs	of	an	equity	transaction	are	accounted	for	as	a	deduction	from	equity,	
net	of	tax.	Dividends	on	ordinary	shares	are	recognised	in	equity	in	the	period	in	which	they	are	declared.
2.16 l eases 
	 The	 Group	assesses	at	contract	inception	whether	a	contract	is,	or	contains,	a	lease.	That	is,	if	the	contract	conveys	
the	right	to	control	the	use	of	an	identified	asset	for	a	period	of	time	in	exchange	for	consideration.
Group as a lessee
	 The	 Group	applies	a	single	recognition	and	measurement	approach	for	all	leases,	except	for	short-term	leases	and	
leases	of	low-value	assets.	The	Group	recognises	lease	liabilities	to	make	lease	payments	and	right	of	use	(“ROU”)	
assets	representing	the	right	to	use	the	underlying	assets.
(a)  ROu assets
	 The	 Group	recognises	ROU	assets	at	the	commencement	date	of	the	lease	(i.e.,	the	date	the	underlying	asset	is	
available	for	use).	ROU	assets	are	measured	at	cost,	less	any	accumulated	depreciation	and	impairment	losses,	
and	adjusted	for	any	remeasurement	of	lease	liabilities.	The	cost	of	ROU	assets	includes	the	amount	of	lease	
liabilities	recognised,	initial	direct	costs	incurred,	and	lease	payments	made	at	or	before	the	commencement	
date	less	any	lease	incentives	received.
	 The	 Group	elected	to	apply	the	practical	expedient	not	to	separate	out	non-lease	components	from	lease	
components	and	instead	account	for	the	lease	and	non-lease	component	as	a	single	component.
	 ROU	 assets	are	depreciated	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	shorter	of	the	lease	term	and	the	estimated	useful	
lives	of	the	assets,	as	follows:
	 Leasehold	land	and	buildings	 1%	-	4%
	 Telecommunication	network	sites	 3%	-	100%
	 Transmission	facilities	 20%	-	33.3%
	 Spectrum	bandwidths	 6%	-	20%
	 Stores,	office	buildings	and	kiosks	 5%	-	100%
	 The	 ROU	assets	are	also	subject	to	impairment.	Refer	to	Note	2.7	for	accounting	policy	on	impairment	of	non-
financial	assets.

---- Page 81 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
159
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
158
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.17 e mployee benefits (cont’d.)
(d) s hare-based compensation (cont’d.)
	 The	 proceeds	received	net	of	any	directly	attributable	transaction	costs	are	credited	to	share	capital	and	share	
premium	when	the	options	are	exercised.	For	share-based	compensation	plan	implemented	by	a	subsidiary,	the	
proceeds	are	credited	in	equity	as	transactions	with	owners.
	 Where	 the	terms	of	a	share-based	compensation	plan	are	modified,	the	expense	that	has	yet	to	be	recognised	
for	the	award	is	recognised	over	the	remaining	vesting	period	as	if	the	terms	had	not	been	modified.	Additional	
expense	is	recognised	for	any	increase	in	the	total	fair	value	of	the	share	and/or	options	due	to	the	modification,	
as	measured	at	the	date	of	the	modification.
2.18 Income taxes
(a) Current tax
	 Current	 tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	measured	at	the	amount	expected	to	be	recovered	from	or	paid	to	the	
taxation	authorities.	The	tax	rates	and	tax	laws	used	to	compute	the	amount	are	those	that	are	enacted	or	
substantively	enacted	by	the	reporting	date.	
	 Current	 taxes	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	except	to	the	extent	that	the	tax	relates	to	items	recognised	
outside	profit	or	loss,	either	in	other	comprehensive	income	or	directly	in	equity.
(b) Deferred tax
	 Deferred	 tax	is	provided	using	the	liability	method	on	temporary	differences	at	the	reporting	date	between	the	
tax	bases	of	assets	and	liabilities	and	their	carrying	amounts	for	financial	reporting	purposes.
	 Deferred	 tax	liabilities	are	recognised	for	all	taxable	temporary	differences,	and	deferred	tax	assets	are	
recognised	for	all	deductible	temporary	differences,	carry	forward	of	unused	tax	credits	and	unused	tax	losses,	
to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	that	taxable	profit	will	be	available	against	which	the	deductible	temporary	
differences,	and	the	carry	forward	of	unused	tax	credits	and	unused	tax	losses	can	be	utilised.
	 Deferred	 tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	measured	at	the	tax	rates	that	are	expected	to	apply	to	the	year	when	
the	asset	is	realised	or	the	liability	is	settled,	based	on	tax	rates	and	tax	laws	that	have	been	enacted	or	
substantively	enacted	at	the	reporting	date.	
	 Deferred	 tax	assets	and	deferred	tax	liabilities	are	offset,	if	a	legally	enforceable	right	exists	to	set	off	current	
tax	assets	against	current	tax	liabilities	and	the	deferred	taxes	relate	to	the	same	taxable	entity	and	the	same	
taxation	authority.
(c) Sales and Services tax (“SSt”)
	 SST 	is	recognised	as	part	of	the	expense	or	cost	of	acquisition	of	the	asset	as	SST	is	not	recoverable.	
	 Revenue	 is	recognised	net	of	the	amount	of	SST	billed	as	it	is	payable	to	the	taxation	authority.	SST	payable	to	
the	taxation	authority	is	included	as	part	of	payables	in	the	statements	of	financial	position.
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.17 e mployee benefits (cont’d.)
(b) d efined contribution plan
	 As	 required	by	law,	companies	in	Malaysia	make	contributions	to	the	state-defined	contribution	pension	
scheme	known	as	the	Employee	Provident	Fund,	and	will	have	no	legal	or	constructive	obligation	to	make	
further	contributions	in	the	future,	over-and-above	what	is	existingly	legally	required.	The	contributions	are	
recognised	as	an	expense	in	profit	and	loss	in	the	period	which	the	related	services	are	rendered	by	employees.
(c) d efined benefit plan
	 The	 Group	operates	an	unfunded	defined	benefit	plan	for	its	eligible	employees.	The	benefits	are	calculated	
based on the length of service and the agreed percentages of eligible employees’ salaries over the period of their 
employment	and	are	payable	upon	resignation	after	completion	of	the	minimum	employment	period	of	ten	years	
or	upon	retirement	age	of	sixty	years.	The	Group’s	obligations	under	the	retirement	benefit	scheme,	calculated	
using	the	Projected	Unit	Credit	Method,	is	determined	based	on	actuarial	computations	by	independent	
actuaries,	through	which	the	amount	of	benefit	that	employees	have	earned	in	return	for	their	service	in	the	
current	and	prior	years	is	estimated.	That	benefit	is	discounted	in	order	to	determine	its	present	value.	
	 Remeasurements	 of	the	net	defined	benefit	liability,	which	comprise	actuarial	gains	and	losses,	the	return	on	
plan	assets	(excluding	interest)	and	the	effect	of	the	asset	ceiling	(if	any,	excluding	interest),	are	recognised	
immediately	in	other	comprehensive	income	in	the	period	in	which	they	occur	and	recorded	in	defined	benefit	
reserve.	Remeasurements	are	not	reclassified	to	profit	and	loss	in	subsequent	periods.
	 Past	service	costs	are	recognised	in	profit	and	loss	on	the	earlier 	of:
-	 The	date	of 	the	plan	amendment	or	curtailment;	or
-	 The	date	that	the	Group	recognises	restructuring	related	costs.
	 Net	 interest	and	other	expenses	relating	to	defined	benefit	plans	are	calculated	by	applying	the	discount	rate	
to	the	net	defined	benefit	liability	or	asset	and	recognised	in	profit	and	loss.
	 The	 Group	amended	the	defined	benefit	plan	effective	1	January	2006	to	restrict	new	entrants	into	the	plan,	
and	the	benefits	payable	to	be	calculated	based	on	the	employees’	length	of	service	up	to	31	December	2005.
(d) s hare-based compensation
	 For 	equity-settled,	share-based	compensation	plan,	the	fair	value	of	employee	services	rendered	in	exchange	
for	the	grant	of	the	shares	and/or	options	is	recognised	as	an	expense	with	a	corresponding	increase	in	equity	
over	the	vesting	period.	The	total	amount	to	be	expensed	in	the	income	statements	over	the	vesting	period	is	
determined	by	reference	to	the	fair	value	of	shares	and/or	options	granted	at	the	grant	date	and	the	number	
of	shares	and/or	options	vested	by	vesting	date,	excluding	the	impact	of	any	non-market	vesting	conditions.	
Non-market	vesting	conditions	are	included	in	the	estimates	of	the	number	of	shares	and/or	options	that	are	
expected	to	become	vested	and/or	exercisable.	At	each	reporting	date,	the	respective	companies	will	revise	its	
estimates	of	the	number	of	shares	and/or	options	that	are	expected	to	be	vested	and	it	recognises	the	impact	
of	this	revision	in	the	income	statements	with	a	corresponding	adjustment	to	equity.	After	the	vesting	date,	no	
adjustment	to	the	income	statements	is	made.	For	performance	shares	that	are	expected	to	be	granted,	due	to	
services	received	before	grant	date,	the	total	amount	to	be	recognised	over	the	vesting	period	is	determined	by	
reference	to	the	fair	value	of	the	performance	shares	at	the	end	of	the	reporting	period,	until	the	date	of	grant	
has been established. 

---- Page 82 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
161
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
160
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.20 r evenue recognition (cont’d.)
2.20.1 r evenue from contracts with customers (cont’d.)
(b) Sale of device
	 Revenue	 from	sale	of	device	is	recognised	at	the	point	in	time	when	control	of	the	asset	is	transferred	
to	the	customer,	usually	on	delivery	and	acceptance	of	the	device.
	 Payment	 for	the	transaction	price	of	the	mobile	device	is	typically	collected	at	the	point	the	customer	
signs	up	for	the	bundled	contract,	except	for	bundled	packages	that	have	a	payment	structure	
allowing	customers	to	pay	for	the	mobile	device	over	a	period	of	time.	For	these	arrangements	the	
Group	discounts	the	transaction	price	using	the	rate	that	would	be	reflected	in	a	separate	financing	
transaction	between	the	Group	and	its	customers	at	contract	inception,	to	take	into	consideration	the	
significant	financing	component.
 Certain bundled contracts provide the customer with a right to return the mobile devices during a 
specified	time	frame.	The	Group	uses	the	expected	value	method	to	estimate	the	mobile	devices	
that	will	not	be	returned	because	this	method	best	predicts	the	amount	of	variable	consideration	to	
which	the	Group	will	be	entitled.	The	requirements	in	MFRS	15	on	constraining	estimates	of	variable	
consideration	are	also	applied	in	order	to	determine	the	amount	of	variable	consideration	that	can	
be	included	in	the	transaction	price.	For	mobile	devices	that	are	expected	to	be	returned,	the	Group	
adjusts	revenue	and	recognises	a	refund	liability	instead.	Correspondingly,	costs	of	sales	is	also	adjusted	
and a right of return asset is recognised as the right to recover the mobile device from the customer.
(c) Contract balances
(i) Contract assets
	 A 	contract	asset	is	the	right	to	consideration	in	exchange	for	goods	or	services	(i.e.	mobile	
devices	or	telecommunication	services)	transferred	to	the	customer.	If	the	Group	transfers	
goods	or	services	to	a	customer	before	the	customer	pays	consideration	or	before	payment	is	
due,	a	contract	asset	is	recognised	for	the	earned	consideration	that	is	conditional.
 Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment based on the ECL model.
(ii) t rade receivables
	 A 	receivable	represents	the	Group’s	right	to	an	amount	of	consideration	that	is	unconditional	
(i.e.	only	the	passage	of	time	is	required	before	payment	of	the	consideration	is	due).	Refer	to	
accounting	policies	of	financial	assets	in	Note	2.9.
(iii) c ontract liabilities
 A	contract	liability	is	the	obligation	to	transfer	goods	or	services	to	a	customer	for	which	the	Group	
has	received	consideration	(or	an	amount	of	consideration	is	due)	from	the	customer.	If	a	customer	
pays	consideration	before	the	Group	transfers	goods	or	services	to	the	customer,	a	contract	
liability is recognised when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). 
Contract	liabilities	are	recognised	as	revenue	when	the	Group	performs	under	the	contract.
	 For 	prepaid	services,	a	contract	liability	is	recognised	when	consideration	is	received	from	a	
customer,	but	services	are	yet	to	be	performed.
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.19 c ontingencies
	 A 	contingent	liability	or	asset	is	a	possible	obligation	or	asset	that	arises	from	past	events	and	whose	existence	will	be	
confirmed	only	by	the	occurrence	or	non-occurrence	of	uncertain	future	event(s)	not	wholly	within	the	control	of	the	
Group.	
Contingent	liabilities	and	assets	are	not	recognised	in	the	financial	statements.
2.20 r evenue recognition
2.20.1 r evenue from contracts with customers
	 The	Group	is	in	the	business	of 	providing	telecommunication	and	related	services.
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred 
to	the	customer	at	an	amount	that	reflects	the	consideration	to	which	the	Group	expects	to	be	entitled	in	
exchange	for	those	goods	or	services,	net	of	indirect	taxes.
	 The	 Group	has	generally	concluded	that	it	is	the	principal	in	its	revenue	arrangements	because	it	typically	
controls the goods or services before transferring them to the customer.
(a) t elecommunication revenue
	 Telecommunication	 revenue	from	postpaid	and	prepaid	services	provided	by	the	Group	are	recognised	
over	time,	as	the	benefits	of	telecommunication	services	are	simultaneously	received	and	consumed	
by the customer.
	 Revenue	 from	prepaid	services	(i.e.	preloaded	talk	time,	prepaid	top-up	vouchers,	etc.)	are	recognised	
when	services	are	rendered.	Consideration	from	the	sale	of	prepaid	sim	cards	and	reload	vouchers	to	
customers	where	services	have	not	been	rendered	at	the	reporting	date	is	deferred	as	contract	liability	
until	actual	usage	or	when	the	cards,	vouchers	or	reloaded	amounts	are	expired	or	forfeited.
	 Postpaid	 services	are	provided	in	postpaid	packages	which	consists	of	various	services	(i.e.	call	minutes,	
internet	data,	Short	Message	Service	(“SMS”),	etc.).	These	postpaid	packages	have	been	assessed	to	
meet	the	definition	of	a	series	of	distinct	services	that	are	substantially	the	same	and	have	the	same	
pattern	of	transfer	and	as	such	the	Group	treats	these	packages	as	a	single	performance	obligation.
 Postpaid packages are either sold separately or bundled together with the sale of a mobile device to a 
customer. Mobile devices can also be obtained separately from other mobile device retailers and can 
be	used	together	with	the	postpaid	packages	provided	by	the	Group.	Postpaid	packages	and	mobile	
devices	are	capable	of	being	distinct	and	separately	identifiable,	therefore,	there	are	two	performance	
obligations	within	a	bundled	transaction.	Accordingly,	the	Group	allocates	the	transaction	price	based	
on	the	relative	stand-alone	selling	prices	of	the	postpaid	packages	and	device.
	 Stand-alone	 selling	price	are	based	on	observable	sales	prices;	however,	where	stand-alone	selling	
prices	are	not	directly	observable,	estimates	will	be	made	maximising	the	use	of	observable	inputs.

---- Page 83 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
163
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
162
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.21 g overnment grants
	 As	 a	universal	service	provider	(“USP”),	the	Group	is	entitled	to	claim	certain	qualified	expenses	from	the	Malaysian	
Communications	and	Multimedia	Commission	(“MCMC”)	in	relation	to	USP	projects.	These	claims	are	treated	as	
government grants and recognised at their fair values where there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be 
received	and	the	Group	complies	with	all	the	attached	conditions.
	 A 	grant	relating	to	the	asset	is	recognised	as	income	over	the	life	of	the	depreciable	asset	by	way	of	a	reduced	
depreciation	charge.	Grant	relating	to	income	is	recognised	in	profit	and	loss	by	crediting	directly	against	the	related	
expense.
2.22 f oreign currency transactions 
(a) f unctional and presentation currency
	 The	 individual	financial	statements	of	each	entity	in	the	Group	are	measured	using	the	currency	of	the	primary	
economic	environment	in	which	the	entity	operates	(“”the	functional	currency””).	The	consolidated	financial	
statements	of	the	Group	are	presented	in	RM,	which	is	also	the	functional	currency	of	all	entities	in	the	Group.
	 Transactions	 in	foreign	currencies	are	initially	converted	into	RM	at	exchange	rates	prevailing	at	the	date	of	
transaction.	At	each	reporting	date,	foreign	currency	monetary	items	are	translated	into	RM	at	exchange	rates	
prevailing	at	that	date.	Non-monetary	items	initially	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,	which	are	carried	at	
historical	cost	are	translated	using	the	historical	rate	as	of 	the	date	of	acquisition.	
(b) f oreign currency transactions
	 Exchange	 differences	arising	on	the	settlement	of	monetary	items	or	on	translating	monetary	items	at	the	
reporting	date	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.	Exchange	differences	arising	on	the	translation	of	non-monetary	
items	carried	at	fair	value	are	included	in	profit	or	loss	for	the	period	except	for	the	differences	arising	on	
the	translation	of	non-monetary	items	in	respect	of	which	gains	and	losses	are	recognised	directly	in	other	
comprehensive	income.	Exchange	differences	arising	from	such	non-monetary	items	are	also	recognised	
directly in other comprehensive income.
2.23 f air value measurement 
	 The	 Group	measures	financial	instruments	such	as	derivatives	at	fair	value	at	each	reporting	date.	The	fair	values	of	
financial	instruments	measured	at	amortised	cost	are	disclosed	in	Note	35.6. 	
	 Fair 	value	is	the	price	that	would	be	received	to	sell	an	asset	or	paid	to	transfer	a	liability	in	an	orderly	transaction	
between	market	participants	at	the	measurement	date.	The	fair	value	measurement	is	based	on	the	presumption	that	
the	transaction	to	sell	the	asset	or	transfer	the	liability	takes	place	either:
(i)	 In	the	principal	market	for 	the	asset	or	liability;	or
(ii)	 In	the	absence	of 	a	principal	market,	in	the	most	advantageous	market	for 	the	asset	or	liability.
	 The	principal	or 	the	most	advantageous	market	must	be	accessible	by 	the	Group.
	 The	 fair	value	of	an	asset	or	a	liability	is	measured	using	the	assumptions	that	market	participants	would	use	when	
pricing	the	asset	or	liability,	assuming	that	market	participants	act	in	their 	economic	best	interest.
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.20 r evenue recognition (cont’d.)
2.20.1 r evenue from contracts with customers (cont’d.)
(d) Cost to obtain a contract
	 The	 Group	pays	sales	commissions	to	external	sales	channels	and	employees	as	an	incentive	for	each	
new	customer	registration	to	the	Group’s	telecommunication	services.	The	Group	also	incurs	fibre	
modem	and	fibre	installation	cost	for	new	fibre	customers.
 These costs have been determined to be an incremental cost of obtaining a contract and are capitalised 
as	contract	costs	when	the	Group	expects	these	costs	to	be	recovered	over	a	period	of	more	than	one	
year. 
	 Contract	 costs	are	amortised	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	expected	customer	life	cycle,	which	is	
consistent	with	the	pattern	of	the	related	revenue.	For	contract	costs	with	an	amortisation	period	of	
less	than	one	year,	the	Group	has	elected	to	apply	the	practical	expendient	to	recognise	as	an	expense	
when incurred.
	 Amortisation	 of	contract	costs	are	included	as	part	of	operating	expenses	in	the	profit	or	loss,	based	
on	the	nature	of	commission	costs,	and	not	under	amortisation	expenses.
	 The	 Group	recognises	an	impairment	loss	in	profit	or	loss	to	the	extent	that	the	carrying	amount	of	the	
contract	costs	recognised	exceeds	the	remaining	amount	of	consideration	that	the	Group	expects	to	
receive	in	exchange	for	the	goods	or	services	to	which	the	contract	costs	relate,	less	the	remaining	costs	
that	relate	directly	to	providing	those	goods	or	services	(that	have	not	been	recognised	as	an	expense).
	 When	 there	are	indications	of	impairment,	relating	to	the	CGU	to	which	the	contract	costs	belong,	the	
Group	will	include	the	resulting	carrying	amount	of	contract	costs	after	performing	the	impairment	
test	above,	in	the	carrying	amount	of	the	CGU	for	the	purpose	of	applying	MFRS	136.
	 When	 impairment	conditions	no	longer	exist	or	have	improved,	the	Group	will	recognise	a	reversal	
of some or all of the impairment losses previously recognised on the contract costs. The increased 
carrying	amount	of	the	contract	costs	should	not	exceed	the	amount	that	would	have	been	determined	
(net	of	amortisation)	had	no	impairment	loss	been	recognised	previously.
2.20.2 d ividend income
	 Dividend	 income	is	recognised	when	the	Company’s	right	to	receive	payment	is	established,	and	is	presented	
as	revenue	in	profit	or	loss,	aligned	with	the	principal	activity	of	the	Company	as	an	investment	holding	entity.
2.20.3 l ease income
	 Lease	 income	is	accounted	for	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	lease	terms	and	is	included	in	revenue	in	the	
statement	of	profit	or	loss	due	to	its	operating	nature.	The	aggregate	costs	of	incentives	provided	to	lessees	
are	recognised	as	a	reduction	of	rental	income	over	the	lease	term	on	a	straight-line	basis.

---- Page 84 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
165
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
164
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.24 c urrent versus non-current classification (cont’d.)
	 The	Group	classifies	all	other 	liabilities	as	non-current.	
	 Deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	classified	as	non-current	assets	and	liabilities.
2.25 s egment reporting
	 The	 Group	provides	telecommunication	and	related	services	to	customers	across	the	country	and	its	services	and	
products	essentially	have	a	similar	risk	profile.	Business	activities	of	the	Group	are	not	organised	by	product	or	
geographical	components	and	its	operating	result	is	reviewed	as	a	whole	by	its	management.	Accordingly,	there	is	no	
separate	segment,	as	disclosed	in	Note	37.
3. changes In acc OuntIng pOlIcIes 
3.1 a doption of new and amended mfrs s and interpretation
	 The	accounting	policies	adopted	are	consistent	 with	those	of	the	previous	financial	year	except	as	follows:
	 On	 1	January	2023,	the	Group	and	the	Company	adopted	the	following	amended	MFRS	mandatory	for	annual	financial	
periods	beginning	on	or	after	1	January	2023.
description
effective for
annual periods
beginning
on or after
MFRS	17:	Insurance	Contracts 1 January 2023
Amendments	to	MFRS	17:	Insurance	Contracts	-	Initial	 Application	of	MFRS	17	and	MFRS	9	-	
Comparative	Information 1 January 2023
Amendments	to	MFRS	101	and	MFRS	Practice	Statement	2:	Disclosure	of 	Accounting	Policies 1 January 2023
Amendments	to	MFRS	108:	Definition	of	Accounting	Estimates 1 January 2023
Amendments	to	MFRS	112:	Deferred	Tax	related	to	Assets	and	Liabilities	arising	from	a	Single	
Transaction 1 January 2023
Amendments	to	MFRS	112:	International	Tax	Reform	-	Pillar	Two	Model	Rules 1 January 2023
	 The	 adoption	of	the	above	amendments	did	not	have	any	significant	impact	on	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	
and	of	the	Company,	except	for:
Amendments	to	MFRS	112:	International	Tax	Reform	–	Pillar	Two	Model	Rules
	 The	 Group	is	within	the	scope	of	the	OECD’s	Pillar	Two	model	rules.	Based	on	management’s	assessment,	the	Group	
and	the	Company	are	not	expected	to	have	any	exposure	to	top-up	tax	due	to	the	Pillar	Two	model	rules.	In	accordance	
with	the	transition	provisions,	the	Group	and	the	Company	have	applied	the	temporary	exception	in	the	amendments	
retrospectively	and	not	accounting	for	deferred	taxes	arising	from	the	top-up	tax	due	to	the	Pillar	Two	model	rules	in	
the	financial	statements.	
2. summary Of materIal acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
2.23 f air value measurement (cont’d.)
	 A 	fair	value	measurement	of	a	non-financial	asset	takes	into	account	a	market	participant’s	ability	to	generate	economic	
benefits	by	using	the	asset	in	its	highest	and	best	use	or	by	selling	it	to	another	market	participant	that	would	use	the	
asset in its highest and best use.
	 The	 Group	uses	valuation	techniques	that	are	appropriate	in	the	circumstances	and	for	which	sufficient	data	are	
available	to	measure	fair	value,	maximising	the	use	of	relevant	observable	inputs	and	minimising	the	use	of	unobservable	
inputs.
	 All	 assets	and	liabilities	for	which	fair	value	is	measured	or	disclosed	in	the	financial	statements	are	categorised	
within	the	fair	value	hierarchy,	described	as	follows,	based	on	the	lowest	level	input	that	is	significant	to	the	fair	value	
measurement	as	a	whole:
(i)	 Level	1	-	Quoted	(unadjusted)	market	prices	in	active	markets	for 	identical	assets	or	liabilities
(ii)	 Level	 2	-	Valuation	techniques	for	which	the	lowest	level	input	that	is	significant	to	the	fair	value	measurement	
is directly or indirectly observable
(iii)	 Level	 3	-	Valuation	techniques	for	which	the	lowest	level	input	that	is	significant	to	the	fair	value	measurement	
is unobservable
	 For 	assets	and	liabilities	that	are	recognised	in	the	financial	statements	on	a	recurring	basis,	the	Group	determines	
whether	transfers	have	occurred	between	Levels	in	the	hierarchy	by	re-assessing	categorisation	(based	on	the	lowest	
level	input	that	is	significant	to	the	fair	value	measurement	as	a	whole)	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	period.
2.24 c urrent versus non-current classification
	 The	 Group	presents	assets	and	liabilities	in	statements	of	financial	position	based	on	current/non-current	classification.	
An	asset	is	current	when	it	is:
-	 Expected	to	be	realised	or 	intended	to	be	sold	or	consumed	in	normal	operating	cycle;
-	 Held	primarily 	for	the	purpose	of	trading;
-	 Expected	to	be	realised	 within	twelve	months	after	the	reporting	period;	or
-	 Cash	 or	cash	equivalents	unless	restricted	from	being	exchanged	or	used	to	settle	a	liability	for	at	least	twelve	
months	after	the	reporting	period.	
	 All	other 	assets	are	classified	as	non-current.	A	liability	is	current	when:
-	 It	is	expected	to	be	settled	in	normal	operating	cycle;
-	 It	is	held	primarily 	for	the	purpose	of	trading;
-	 It	is	due	to	be	settled	 within	twelve	months	after	the	reporting	period;	or
-	 There	 is	no	unconditional	right	to	defer	the	settlement	of	the	liability	for	at	least	twelve	months	after	the	
reporting	period.

---- Page 85 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
167
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
166
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
4. sIgnIfIcant acc OuntIng estImates and judgements and key sOurces Of estImatIOn uncertaInty 
(cOnt’d.)
4.2 Impairment assessment of goodwill and trademark
	 The	 Group	performs	an	impairment	test	on	its	goodwill	and	trademark	at	least	on	an	annual	basis	or	when	there	
is	indicator	of	impairment.	This	requires	an	estimation	of	the	VIU	of	the	CGU	to	which	goodwill	and	trademark	are	
allocated.	Estimating	a	VIU	amount	requires	management	to	make	an	estimate	of	the	expected	future	cash	flows	from	
the	CGU	and	also	to	choose	a	suitable	discount	rate	in	order	to	calculate	the	present	value	of	those	cash	flows.	Further	
details	of	the	carrying	amounts,	the	key	assumptions	applied	in	the	impairment	assessment	and	sensitivity	analysis	to	
changes	in	the	assumptions	are	disclosed	in	Note	12.
4.3 u seful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets - computer software 
	 Depreciation	 and	amortisation	are	based	on	management’s	estimates	of	the	future	estimated	useful	lives	and	residual	
values	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	and	intangible	assets	-	computer	software.	Estimates	may	change	due	to	
technological	developments,	modernisation	initiatives,	expected	level	of	usage,	competition,	market	conditions	and	
other	factors,	which	could	potentially	impact	the	average	useful	lives	and	the	residual	values	of	these	assets.	This	
may	result	in	future	changes	in	the	estimated	useful	lives	and	in	the	depreciation	or	amortisation	expenses.	The	
carrying	amounts	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	and	intangible	assets	-	computer	software	at	the	reporting	date	
are	disclosed	in	Note	11	and	Note	12,	respectively.	
4.4 p rovision for expected credit losses of trade receivables and contract assets
	 The	 Group	uses	a	provision	matrix	to	calculate	ECLs	for	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets.	The	provision	rates	are	
based	on	days	past	due	for	groupings	of	various	customer	segments	that	have	similar	loss	patterns	(i.e.	customer	type	
and	rating).
	 The	 provision	matrix	is	initially	based	on	the	Group’s	historical	observed	default	rates.	The	Group	then	adjusts	the	
historical	credit	loss	experience	taking	into	consideration	the	forward-looking	information.	For	example,	if	the	Group’s	
view	of	the	forecasted	economic	conditions	(i.e.	inflation	rate,	unemployment	rate,	interest	rate	and	economic	outlook	
for	Malaysia)	are	expected	to	significantly	deteriorate	over	the	next	financial	year	which	may	lead	to	an	increase	in	
the	unrecoverable	rate	of	the	receivables	and	contract	assets.	At	every	reporting	date,	the	historical	observed	default	
rates	are	updated	and	changes	in	the	forward-looking	estimates	are	analysed.
	 The	 Group	estimates	the	relationship	between	historical	observed	default	rates,	forecast	economic	conditions	and	
ECL	which	may	not	be	representative	of	customer’s	actual	default	in	the	future.	The	information	about	the	provision	
matrix	on	the	Group’s	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets	is	disclosed	in	Note	35.2.
	 If 	the	historical	observed	default	rates	varies	by	5.0%	from	management’s	estimates,	the	Group’s	allowance	for	
expected	credit	loss	on	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets	will	cause	either	a	1.0%	(2022:	1.6%)	increase	or	1.0%	
(2022:	1.0%)	decrease	respectively	in	the	Group’s	profit	for	the	financial	year.	
4.5 d eferred tax assets
	 Deferred	 tax	asset	is	recognised	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	that	future	taxable	profit	will	be	available	against	
which	temporary	differences	or	unutilised	tax	losses	and	tax	credits	can	be	utilised.	This	involves	judgement	regarding	
future	taxable	profits	of	a	particular	entity	in	which	the	deferred	tax	asset	has	been	recognised. 	
	 Estimating	 the	future	taxable	profits	involved	significant	assumptions,	especially	in	respect	of	demand	on	existing	
and	new	services,	competition	and	regulatory	changes	that	may	impact	the	pricing	of	services.	These	assumptions	
were	derived	based	on	past	performance,	future	prospect	and	adjusted	for	non-recurring	circumstances.	The	carrying	
amount	of	deferred	tax	assets	is	disclosed	in	Note	24.	
3. changes In acc OuntIng pOlIcIes (c Ont’d.)
3.2 s tandards issued but not yet effective
	 The	 standards	and	amendments	that	are	issued	but	not	yet	effective	up	to	the	date	of	the	Group’s	and	the	Company’s	
financial	statements	are	disclosed	below.	The	Group	and	the	Company	intend	to	adopt	these	standards,	if	applicable,	
when	they	become	effective.
description
effective for
 annual periods
 beginning on 
or after
Amendments	to	MFRS	16:	Lease	Liability	in	a	Sale	and	Leaseback 1	January	2024
Amendments	to	MFRS	101:	Classification	of	Liabilities	as	Current	or	Non-Current 1	January	2024
Amendments	to	MFRS	101:	Non-Current	Liabilities	with	Covenants 1	January	2024
Amendments	to	MFRS	7	and	MFRS	107:	Supplier	Finance	Arrangements 1	January	2024
Amendments	to	MFRS	121:	Lack	of	Exchangeability 1	January	2025
Amendments	to	MFRS	10	and	MFRS	128:	Sales	or 	Contribution	of	Assets	between	an	Investor	
and its Associate or Joint Venture Deferred 
	 The	 directors	expect	that	the	adoption	of	the	above	amendments	will	not	have	a	material	impact	on	the	financial	
statements	in	the	period	of	initial	application.
4. sIgnIfIcant acc OuntIng estImates and judgements and key sOurces Of estImatIOn uncertaInty
	 There	 were	no	significant	judgements	made	in	applying	the	accounting	policies	of	the	Group	which	may	have	significant	
effects	on	the	amounts	recognised	in	the	financial	statements.
	 Management	 makes	key	assumptions	concerning	the	future	and	other	key	sources	of	estimation	uncertainty	at	the	reporting	
date	that	have	a	significant	risk	of	causing	a	material	adjustment	to	the	carrying	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	within	the	
next	financial	year.
	 The	 following	represents	a	summary	of	the	critical	accounting	estimates	and	the	associated	key	sources	of	estimation	
uncertainty.
4.1 u seful lives of intangible assets - trademark and customer relationship
	 The	 Group	considers	that	the	trademark	arising	from	the	acquisition	of	Celcom	Berhad	and	its	subsidiaries	(“”Celcom	
Group””)	has	indefinite	useful	life	because	it	is	supported	by	ongoing	marketing	activites	and	expected	to	contribute	
to	the	Group’s	net	cash	flows	indefinitely.	The	assessment	of	the	classification	of	intangible	assets	as	indefinite	is	
reviewed annually. 
	 The	 estimated	useful	life	of	customer	relationship	arising	from	the	acquisition	of	Celcom	Group	is	based	on	the	
historical	experience	of	churn	for	the	postpaid	subscribers.	The	carrying	amounts	of	intangible	assets	-	trademark	and	
customer	relationship	at	the	reporting	date	are	disclosed	in	Note	12.

---- Page 86 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
169
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
168
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
4. sIgnIfIcant acc OuntIng estImates and judgements and key sOurces Of estImatIOn uncertaInty 
(cOnt’d.)
4.9 e stimating the lease term – g roup as a lessee (cont’d.)
	 The	 Group	reassesses	the	lease	term	upon	the	occurrence	of	a	significant	event	or	change	in	circumstances	that	is	
within	the	control	of	the	Group	and	affects	whether	the	Group	is	reasonably	certain	to	exercise	an	option	not	previously	
included	in	the	determination	of	lease	term,	or	not	to	exercise	an	option	previously	included	in	the	determination	of	
lease	term.	A	revision	in	lease	term	results	in	remeasurement	of	the	lease	liabilities.
	 Based	 on	the	assessment	of	these	factors,	the	lease	term	for	the	Group’s	leases	relating	to	telecommunication	network	
sites will normally be within a range of 1 to 30 years.
4.10 e stimating the incremental borrowing rate for leases
	 In	 measuring	its	lease	liabilities,	the	Group	has	used	its	incremental	borrowing	rate	(“IBR”)	to	present	value	the	future	
lease	payments,	as	the	interest	rate	implicit	in	the	lease	cannot	be	readily 	determined.
	 The	 IBR	is	the	rate	of	interest	that	a	lessee	would	have	to	pay	to	borrow	over	a	similar	term,	and	with	a	similar	security,	
the	funds	necessary	to	obtain	an	asset	of	a	similar	value	to	the	right-of-use	asset	in	a	similar	economic	environment.
	 To	 determine	the	IBR	for	its	leases,	the	Group	makes	adjustments	to	the	existing	rates	received	from	financial	
institutions,	taking	into	consideration	the	lease	term	and	leased	assets.	The	Group	also	considers	changes	in	the	
financing	condition	since	the	last	offered	rates	from	the	financing	institutions.
	 The	carrying	amount	of 	lease	liabilities	is	disclosed	in	Note	13.
4.11 f air valuation of derivative financial instruments
	 Derivative	 financial	instruments	are	carried	on	the	statements	of	financial	position	at	fair	value,	with	changes	in	fair	
value	reflected	in	the	statement	of	comprehensive	income.
	 Fair 	values	are	estimated	by	reference	in	part	to	published	price	quotations	and	in	part	by	using	valuation	techniques.	
The	fair	value	of	financial	instruments	that	are	not	traded	in	an	active	market	is	determined	by	using	valuation	
techniques.	The	Group	uses	its	judgement	to	select	a	variety	of	methods	and	make	assumptions	that	are	based	on	
market	conditions	existing	at	the	end	of	each	financial	reporting	period.
4.12 l egal claims and disputes across the g roup
	 There	 are	a	number	of	ongoing	legal	claims	and	disputes	across	the	Group.	The	accounting	treatment	of	these	matters	
are	based	on	the	Group’s	view	of	the	expected	outcome	of	these	contingencies.	These	outcomes	are	assessed	in	
consultation	with	legal	counsel	for	litigation	cases	and	internal	and	external	experts	of	the	Group	for	matters	in	the	
ordinary	course	of	business.	Provisions	are	recorded	if	it	is	probable	that	an	outflow	of	economic	benefits	will	be	
required	to	settle	the	obligation	and	the	amount	can	be	estimated	reliably. 	
	 The	 outcome	of	ongoing	legal	claims	and	disputes	are	dependent	on	future	events	and	the	Group	makes	estimates	and	
assumptions	concerning	these	future	events.	The	Group	may	be	required	to	increase	or	decrease	provisions	for	such	
matters	due	to	unanticipated	events	and	circumstances	that	occur 	during	the	financial	year.	
	 The	legal	claims	and	disputes	of 	the	Group	as	at	reporting	date	are	disclosed	in	Note	39. 	
4. sIgnIfIcant acc OuntIng estImates and judgements and key sOurces Of estImatIOn uncertaInty 
(cOnt’d.)
4.6 Income taxes
	 Significant	 estimation	is	involved	in	determining	the	Group’s	provision	for	income	taxes	as	there	are	certain	transactions	
and	computations	for	which	the	final	tax	treatment	is	uncertain	at	the	reporting	date.
	 Where	 the	final	tax	treatment	of	these	matters	are	different	from	the	amounts	that	were	initially	recognised,	such	
differences	will	impact	the	income	tax	and	deferred	tax	provisions	in	the	period	in	which	determination	of	final	tax	
treatment is made.
4.7 p rovisions for site decommissioning and restoration costs
	 Provision	 for	site	decommissioning	and	restoration	costs	are	provided	based	on	the	present	value	of	the	estimated	
future	expenditure	to	be	incurred	for	dismantling	 the	inactive	sites.	Significant	management	assumption	and	
estimation	are	required	in	determining	the	discount	rate	and	the	expenditure	to	be	incurred	for	dismantling	each	
network	infrastructure	sites.	Where	expectations	differ	from	the	original	estimates,	the	differences	will	impact	the	
carrying	amount	of	provision	for	site	decommissioning	and	restoration	costs.	The	carrying	amount	of	provision	for	site	
decommissioning	and	restoration	costs	at	the	reporting	date	is	disclosed	in	Note	25.
4.8 r evenue recognition - determining stand-alone selling price (“ssp”)
	 The	 Group	has	assessed	that	there	are	two	performance	obligations	for	bundled	contracts	where	the	Group	needs	to	
allocate	the	transaction	price	between	the	telecommunication	service	and	mobile	device	based	on	their 	relative	SSP.
	 SSP 	for	telecommunication	services	and	mobile	devices	are	based	on	observable	sales	prices;	however,	where	certain	
SSP	are	not	directly	observable,	estimates	will	be	made	maximising	the	use	of	observable	inputs.
	 The	 estimation	of	SSP	is	a	significant	estimate	as	it	will	directly	determine	the	amount	of	revenue	to	be	recognised	up	
front	(sale	of	device)	and	amount	of	revenue	to	be	recognised	over	time	(telecommunication	revenue).	For	example,	a	
lower SSP for mobile device will result in a lower amount of revenue recognised upfront and higher amount of revenue 
recognised over the contract period.
	 The	 revenue	recognised	in	the	current	financial	year	in	relation	to	sale	of	device	and	telecommunication	revenue	is	
detailed	in	Note	5.
4.9 e stimating the lease term - g roup as a lessee
	 The	 Group	determines	the	lease	term	as	the	non-cancellable	term	of	the	lease,	together	with	any	periods	covered	by	
an	option	to	extend	the	lease	if	it	is	reasonably	certain	to	exercise	the	option,	or	any	periods	covered	by	an	option	to	
terminate	the	lease,	if	it	is	reasonably	certain	not	to	exercise	the	option,	within	the	period	for	which	the	contract	is	
enforceable.
	 In	 determining	the	lease	term,	the	Group	considers	all	facts	and	circumstances	that	create	an	economic	incentive	
to	exercise	an	extension	option,	or	not	to	exercise	a	termination	option.	For	example,	for	leases	of	certain	
telecommunication	network	sites,	if	the	Group	expects	to	use	significant	non-removable	leasehold	improvements	
beyond	the	date	on	which	the	lease	can	be	terminated,	the	existence	of	those	leasehold	improvements	may	indicate	
that	the	Group	might	incur	a	more	than	insignificant	penalty	if	it	terminates	the	lease.
	 For 	leases	of	telecommunication	network	sites,	other	factors	to	consider	in	assessing	the	lease	term	include	the	
technology	development	and	potential	changes	in	business	models.

---- Page 87 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
171
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
170
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
5. revenue (c Ont’d.)
5.2 c ontract balances (cont’d.)
	 Contract	 assets	primarily	relate	to	rights	to	consideration	for	mobile	devices	transferred	to	subscribers	but	not	billed	
at	the	reporting	date.	Contract	assets	are	transferred	to	receivables	when	the	rights	become	unconditional.	As	at	
31	December	2023,	the	Group	has	contract	assets	of	RM425.8	million	(2022:	RM221.8	million)	which	is	net	of	an	
allowance	for	expected	credit	losses	of	RM12.0	million	(2022:	RM22.3	million).
	 Contract	 liabilities	mainly	relate	to	advance	consideration	received	from	subscribers	at	inception	of	contracts,	for	
which	revenue	is	only	recognised	upon	rendering	of	telecommunication	service.
	 All	 contract	liabilities	at	the	beginning	of	the	financial	year	have	been	recognised	as	revenue	in	the	current	financial	
year.
	 The	 acquisition	of	subsidiaries	in	the	previous	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022	resulted	in	an	increase	in	
trade	receivables,	contract	assets	and	contract	liabilities	of	RM1.8	billion,	RM123.2	million	and	RM262.1	million,	
respectively.
5.3 g roup as a lessor
	 The	 Group	has	entered	into	operating	leases	on	certain	network	telecommunication	sites.	These	leases	have	lease	
terms	between	one	to	seven	years	(2022:	one	to	seven	years).	Lease	income	recognised	by	the	Group	during	the	
financial	year	is	RM108.3	million	(2022:	RM96.9	million). 	
	 The	future	minimum	rentals	receivable	under 	non-cancellable	operating	leases	are	as	follows:
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Within	one	financial	year 	105,087	 	106,315	
After	one	financial	year	but	not	more	than	five	financial	years 	237,852	 	230,779	
More	than	five	financial	years 	12,274	 	20,867	
	355,213	 	357,961	
5. revenue
Group Company
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Revenue	from	contracts	with	customers	(Note	5.1) 	12,573,810	 	6,676,437	 	-	 	-	
Lease	income	(Note	5.3) 	108,341	 	96,874	 	-	 	-	
Dividend income from subsidiaries 	-	 	-	 	1,713,634	 	1,025,500	
	12,682,151	 	6,773,311	 	1,713,634	 	1,025,500	
5.1 d isaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
	 In	 the	following	table,	revenue	is	disaggregated	by	major	products	or	service	lines	(which	also	represents	the	Group’s	
defined	performance	obligations).
note  2023  2022 
Group  rm’000  rm’000 
Major products/service lines
Telecommunication	revenue (a) 	10,859,190	 	5,770,327	
Sales of devices (b) 	1,714,620	 	906,110	
Total revenue from contracts with customers 	12,573,810	 	6,676,437	
The	timing	of	revenue	recognition	for	respective	major	products	or	service	lines	are	as	follows:
(a)	 Services	transferred	over 	time
(b)	 Products	transferred	at	a	point	in	time
5.2 c ontract balances
 note  2023  2022 
Group  rm’000  rm’000 
non-current assets/(liabilities)
Trade receivables 20 	320,619	 	237,107	
Contract assets 	118,653	 	73,470	
Contract	liabilities 	(8,481) 	(15,298)
current assets/(liabilities)
Trade receivables 20 	1,537,275	 	1,103,073	
Contract assets 	307,109	 	148,325	
Contract	liabilities 	(577,795) 	(571,314)

---- Page 88 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
173
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
172
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
7. pr OfIt befOre tax and Zakat (cOnt’d.)
	 Profit	before	tax	and	zakat	is	derived	after 	deducting/(crediting):	(cont’d.)
Group Company
note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated
Auditors’	remuneration:	(cont’d.)
-	other	services
-	auditors	of	the	Company 
   (Ernst & Young PLT) 7(a) 291 	798	 151 	603	
-	Ernst	&	Young	PLT	affliated	firms 	50	 	1,020	 	-	 	-	
-	other	auditors 	3,362	 	-	 	-	 	-	
Staff	expenses 7(b) 897,646 314,297 	-	 	-	
Non-executive	directors’	remuneration	
excluding	benefits-in-kind 7(c) 	2,355	 1,047 2,261 1,018
Transmission	facilities	services 374,713 	237,620	 	-	 	-	
Inventories	written	(back)/down 	(8,796) 	3,995	 	-	 	-	
Rental of land and buildings 	240,562	 	79,029	 	-	 	-	
Rental of equipment and others 	56,874	 	30,260	 	-	 	-	
Realised	foreign	exchange	(gain)/loss 	(6,176) 	1,907	 	-	 	-	
Unrealised	foreign	exchange	(gain)/loss 	(1,009) 	1,313	 	-	 	-	
Fair	value	(gain)/loss	on	foreign	currency	
forward contracts 	(19,402) 	457	 	-	 	-	
Fair value gain on investment in shares  (2) 	-	 	-	 	-	
(Gain)/loss	on	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	
equipment (12,224) 	26,306	 	-	 	-	
Gain	on	disposal	of	intangible	assets 	(8,604) 	-	 	-	 	-	
Gain	on	termination	of	leases 	(14,223) 	(716) 	-	 	-	
(Gain)/loss	on	lease	modification 	(1,262) 	1,794	 	-	 	-	
Write-off	of	property,	plant	and	equipment 14,647 	240	 	-	 	-	
Write-off	of	intangible	asset 	256,612	 	8,781	 	-	 	-	
Bad debts recovered 	(24,940) 	(27,063) 	-	 	-	
Miscellaneous income 	(26,939) 	(1,374) 	-	 	-	
Project management fee 	(15,733) 	-	 	-	 	-	
Waiver	of	debt - - - 	(6,620)
Interest income from deposits with licensed 
banks 	(32,151) 	(10,261) 	(453)  (220)
Unwinding	of	significant	financing	component	
of revenue contracts with deferred payment 
scheme 	(56,734) 	(23,821) 	-	 	-	
6. fInance c Osts
 Group  Company 
 note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Interest	expense	on:
-	Loans	and	borrowings 	341,951	 	108,509	 	123,836	 	145	
-	Others  5,431	 	11,310	 	-	 	-	
Unwinding	of	discount:
-	Lease	liabilities 13 	272,926	 	132,684	 	-	 	-	
-	Site	decommissioning	and	restoration 	 
   costs 25.1 	12,178	 	4,195	 	-	 	-	
Net	change	in	fair	value	of	derivative	financial	
instruments:
-	Interest	rate	swaps 	(4,612) 	25,865	 	-	 	-	
	627,874	 	282,563	 	123,836	 	145	
7. pr OfIt befOre tax and Zakat
	 Profit	before	tax	and	zakat	is	derived	after 	deducting/(crediting):
Group Company
note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Restated
	(Reversal	of)/allowance	for	expected	
credit	losses	on	trade	receivables,	other	
receivables,	deposits	and	contract	assets 35.2	 	(21,805) 	79,523	 	-	 	-	
Depreciation 	2,996,008	 	1,300,560	 	-	 	-	
-	property,	plant	and	equipment 11 1,762,512 725,581 	-	 	-	
-	ROU	asset 13 1,233,496 574,979 	-	 	-	
Amortisation	of:
-	intangible	assets 12 234,125 97,600 	-	 	-	
-	contract	cost 14 92,699 90,639 	-	 	-	
Auditors’	remuneration:
-	statutory	audit
-	auditors	of	the	Company 
   (Ernst & Young PLT) 760 	1,451	 250 	836	
-	other	auditors  900 	107	 	-	 	-	

---- Page 89 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
175
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
174
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
7. pr OfIt befOre tax and Zakat (cOnt’d.)
	 Profit	before	tax	and	zakat	is	derived	after 	deducting/(crediting):	(cont’d.)
	 The	 number	of	non-executive	directors	of	the	Company	whose	total	remuneration	during	the	financial	year	falls	within	the	
following	band	is	analysed	below:
number of Directors
non-executive directors 2023 2022
Nil 	6	 	6	
RM1	-	RM50,000  2 	4	
RM50,001	-	RM100,000 	-	 	-	
RM100,001	-	RM150,000 	-	 	-	
RM150,001	-	RM200,000 	-	 	-	
RM200,001	-	RM250,000 	-	 	-	
RM250,001	-	RM300,000 	-	  3 
RM300,001	-	RM350,000 	-	 	-	
RM350,001	-	RM400,000  1 	-	
RM400,001	-	RM450,000  1 	-	
RM450,001	-	RM500,000  2 	-	
RM500,001	-	RM550,000  1 	-	
8. t axatIOn and Zakat
 Major	components	of	income	tax	expense
	 The	major 	components	of	income	tax	expense	for	the	financial	years	ended	31	December	2023	and	2022	are:
Group Company
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated 
statements of comprehensive income:
Current	income	tax:
-	Malaysian	income	tax 	932,628	 	470,432	  113 	51	
-	Under/(over)	provision	in	prior 	financial	years 	29,583	 	(36,193) 	-	  (3)
Total	current	income	tax 	962,211	 	434,239	  113 	48	
7. pr OfIt befOre tax and Zakat (cOnt’d.)
	 Profit	before	tax	and	zakat	is	derived	after 	deducting/(crediting):	(cont’d.)
(a)	 Fees	 for	other	services	were	incurred	in	connection	with	review	of	regulatory	compliance	reporting,	review	of	
Statement	on	Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control,	review	of	agreed	upon	procedures	and	performance	of	advisory	
services.
(b)	 Staff 	expenses	incurred	by	the	Group	net	of	capitalisation	of	employee	benefits	expense	in	property,	plant	and	
equipment	during	the	financial	year	comprise:
  Group
note  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Salaries and bonuses 	722,027	 	249,927	
Defined	contribution	plan 	98,552	 	35,780	
Defined	benefit	plan	 25.1	 	67	 	67	
Share-based	payment 	1,025	 	1,155	
Other	staff	related	expenses 	75,975	 	27,368	
	897,646	 	314,297	
 
(c)	 Non-executive	directors’ 	remuneration	during	the	financial	year	comprises:
 Group  Company 
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
non-executive:
Fees 	2,355	 1,047 2,261 1,018
Benefits-in-kind 	70	 12 	49	  12 
Total 2,425 1,059 2,310 1,030

---- Page 90 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
177
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
176
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
8. t axatIOn and Zakat (cOnt’d.)
	 Reconciliations	 of	income	tax	expense/rate	applicable	to	profit	before	tax	and	zakat	at	the	statutory	income	tax	rate	to	
income	tax	expense/rate	at	the	effective	income	tax	rate	of 	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	are	as	follows:	(cont’d.)
 2023  2022 
Company  %  rm’000  %  rm’000 
Profit	before	tax	and	zakat  	1,586,992	 	1,010,924
Taxation	at	Malaysian	statutory	tax	rate 24.0	 	380,878	 	24.0	 	242,622	
Income	not	subject	to	tax 	(24.0) 	(380,765) 	(24.0) 	(242,574)
Effective	tax	rate/income	tax	expense	recognised	in	
profit	or	loss 0.0 113 0.0 48
	 Domestic	 current	income	tax	is	calculated	at	the	Malaysian	statutory	tax	rate	of	24%	(2022:	24%)	of	the	estimated	taxable	
profit	for	the	financial	year.	
9. earnIngs per share
	 Earnings	per 	share	is	calculated	by	dividing	profit	for	the	financial	year,	net	of	tax,	attributable	to	owners	of	the	Company	by	
the	weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	in	issue	during	the	financial	year.
 Group 
 2023  2022 
  Restated
Profit	attributable	to	owners	of	the	Company	(RM’000) 	1,552,309	 	848,034	
Weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	in	issue	(‘000) 	11,731,508	 	8,121,872	
Basic earnings per share (sen)  13.2 	10.4	
 
Diluted	earnings	per	share	is	not	presented	as	the	Executive	Share	Grant	Plan	(“ESGP”)	of 	the	Company	is	anti-dilutive.	
8. t axatIOn and Zakat (cOnt’d.)
 Major	components	of	income	tax	expense	(cont’d.)
	 The	major 	components	of	income	tax	expense	for	the	financial	years	ended	31	December	2023	and	2022	are:	(cont’d.)
Group Company
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated 
Deferred	taxation	(Note	24):
-	Relating	to	origination	and	reversal	of 	temporary 
			differences 	(310,716) 	22,990	 	-	 	-	
-	(Over)/under	provision	in	prior	financial	years 	(38,358) 	22,805	 	-	 	-	
Total	deferred	tax 	(349,074) 	45,795	 	-	 	-	
Total	taxation 	613,137	 	480,034	  113 	48	
Zakat  910 	1,349	 	-	 	-	
Taxation	and	zakat 	614,047	 	481,383	  113 	48	
	 Reconciliations	 of	income	tax	expense/rate	applicable	to	profit	before	tax	and	zakat	at	the	statutory	income	tax	rate	to	
income	tax	expense/rate	at	the	effective	income	tax	rate	of 	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	are	as	follows:
 2023  2022
 %  rm’000  %  rm’000 
Group   Restated
Profit	before	tax	and	zakat  	2,180,986	 	1,329,589
Taxation	at	Malaysian	statutory	tax	rate 	24.0	 	523,437	 	24.0	 	319,101	
Effect	of	different	tax	rate(1) 	-	 	-	  10.3 	136,415	
Effect	of	expenses	not	deductible	for	tax	purposes 	7.1	 	154,230	  3.1 	41,214	
Effect	of	income	not	subject	to	tax 	(2.6) 	(55,755)  (0.2) 	(3,308)
Under/(over)	provision	of	income	tax	expense	in	prior	
financial	years 	1.4	 	29,583	 	(2.7) 	(36,193)
(Over)/under	provision	of	deferred	tax	expense	in	prior	
financial	years 	(1.8) 	(38,358) 	1.7	 	22,805	
Effective	tax	rate/income	tax	expense	recognised	in	
profit	or	loss 	28.1	 	613,137	 	36.2	 	480,034	
Zakat	expenses  910 	1,349
Taxation	and	Zakat 	614,047	 	481,383
(1) Effect of different tax rate arising from the one-off tax measure proposed by the Government of Malaysia in Budget 2022, whereby chargeable 
income above the RM100 million mark will be taxed at a rate of 33%, instead of 24% for the year of assessment 2022.

---- Page 91 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
179
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
178
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
11. pr Operty, plant and equIpment
 
 Freehold 
 land 
 
 Freehold 
 buildings 
 
 Motor 
 vehicles 
 Computer 
 systems 
 Furniture 
and 
 fittings 
tele-
communi-
cations
 network 
 Capital 
work-in- 
 progress  total 
Group  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Cost
At 1 January 2023 
(Restated) 	46,608	 	185,797	 	18,997	 	254,816 	135,926	 	10,503,720 	426,280	 	11,572,144	
Additions 	-	 	40,616	 	-	 	-	 	3,801 	13,039	 	1,572,402	 	1,629,858	
Disposals 	-	 	-	 	(2,502) 	(4,944) 	(2,588) 	(296,017) 	-	 	(306,051)
Write	offs 	(580) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(115,740) 	(14,434) 	(130,754)
Transfers 	-	 	-	 	3,773	 	20,191	 	7,448	 	1,253,975	 	(1,285,387) 	-	
At 31 December 2023 	46,028	 	226,413	 	20,268 	270,063	 	144,587 	11,358,977	 	698,861	 	12,765,197	
Accumulated 
depreciation and 
impairment losses
At 1 January 2023 
(Restated) 	-	 	38,651	 	18,278	 	86,988	 	109,382	 	5,039,140	 	-	 	5,292,439	
Depreciation	expenses	
for	the	financial	year	
(Note	7) 	-	 	5,261	 	1,157	 	87,080	 	26,001	 	1,643,013	 	-	 	1,762,512	
Disposals 	-	 	-	 	(2,502) 	(4,949) 	(2,582) 	(290,906) 	(300,939)
Write	offs 	(367) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(115,740) 	-	 	(116,107)
At 31 December 2023 	(367) 	43,912	 	16,933	 	169,119	 	132,801	 	6,275,507	 	-	 	6,637,905	
net carrying amount
At 31 December 2023 	46,395	 	182,501	 	3,335	 	100,944	 	11,786	 	5,083,470	 	698,861	 	6,127,292
10. dIvIdends
Group/Company 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
recognised during the financial year:
Dividends	on	ordinary	shares:	
Fourth	interim	single-tier	dividend	(2022:	3.1	sen;	2021:	3.9	sen) 	363,677	 	303,225	
First	interim	single-tier	dividend	(2023:	3.2	sen;	2022:	2.9	sen) 	375,408	 	225,475	
Second	interim	single-tier	dividend	(2023:	3.2	sen;	2022:	2.8	sen) 	375,408	 	217,700	
Third	interim	single-tier	dividend	(2023:	3.3	sen;	2022:	3.4	sen) 	387,140	 	264,350	
	1,501,633	 	1,010,750	
Interim dividend declared subsequent to the reporting date (not recognised as a liability 
as at 31 december):
Dividends	on	ordinary	shares:	
Fourth	interim	single-tier	dividend	(2023:	3.5	sen;	2022:	3.1	sen) 	410,603	 	363,677	
	 The	 board	of	directors	had	on	20	February	2024,	declared	a	fourth	interim	single-tier	dividend	of	3.5	sen	per	ordinary	
share	in	respect	of	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023	amounting	to	RM410.6	million.	The	financial	statements	
for	the	current	financial	year	do	not	reflect	this	fourth	interim	dividend.	Such	dividend,	will	be	accounted	for	in	equity	as	an	
appropriation	of	retained	earnings	in	the	financial	year	ending	31	December	2024.

---- Page 92 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
181
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
180
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
12. IntangIble assets
 
 Computer 
 software 
 Customer 
 relationship  trademark  Goodwill  total 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Group  (note a)  (note b)  (note c)  (note d) 
Cost
At 1 January 2023 (Restated) 	751,493	 	1,172,380	 	1,759,421	 	15,910,339	 	19,593,633	
Additions 	187,398	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	187,398	
Disposals 	(11,208) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(11,208)
Write	offs 	(256,612) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(256,612)
At 31 December 2023 	671,071	 	1,172,380	 	1,759,421	 	15,910,339	 	19,513,211	
accumulated amortisation
At 1 January 2023 (Restated) 	324,452	 	9,711	 	-	 	-	 	334,163	
Amortisation	expenses	for	the	the	
financial	year	(Note	7) 	115,197	 	118,928	 	-	 	-	 	234,125	
Disposals 	(5,877) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(5,877)
At 31 December 2023 	433,772	 	128,639	 	-	 	-	 	562,411	
net carrying amount
At 31 December 2023 	237,299	 	1,043,741	 	1,759,421	 	15,910,339	 	18,950,800
Cost 
At 1 January 2022 	846,476	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	846,476	
Acquisition	of	subsidiaries	(Note	15)	
(Restated) 	75,627	 	1,172,380	 	1,759,421	 	15,910,339	 	18,917,767	
Additions 	164,027	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	164,027	
Write	offs 	(334,637) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(334,637)
At 31 December 2022 (Restated) 	751,493	 	1,172,380	 	1,759,421	 	15,910,339	 	19,593,633	
accumulated amortisation 
At 1 January 2022 	562,419	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	562,419	
Amortisation	expenses	for	the	the	
financial	year	(Note	7)	(Restated) 	87,889	 	9,711	 	-	 	-	 	97,600	
Write	offs 	(325,856) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(325,856)
At 31 December 2022 (Restated) 	324,452	 	9,711	 	-	 	-	 	334,163	
net carrying amount (Restated)
At 31 December 2022 (Restated) 	427,041	 	1,162,669	 	1,759,421	 	15,910,339	 	19,259,470
11. pr Operty, plant and equIpment (cOnt’d.)
 
 Freehold 
 land 
 
 Freehold 
 buildings 
 
 Motor 
 vehicles 
 Computer 
 systems 
 Furniture 
and 
 fittings 
tele-
communi-
cations
 network 
 Capital 
work-in- 
 progress  total 
group (cont’d.)  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Cost
At 1 January 2022 	29,067	 	143,903	 	24,469	 	254,896 	200,668	 	7,163,811 	163,997	 	7,980,811	
Acquisition	of	
subsidiaries	(Note	15)	
(Restated) 	17,541	 	41,894	 	25	 	129,752	 	12,374	 	3,042,861	 	143,807	 	3,388,254	
Additions 	-	 	-	 	-	 	26	 	-	 	125,512	 	657,445	 	782,983	
Disposals 	-	 	-	 	(5,497) 	(134,034) 	(82,275) 	(334,780) 	-	 	(556,586)
Write	offs 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(185) 	(28) 	(23,053) 	(52) 	(23,318)
Transfers 	-	 	-	 	-	 	4,361	 	5,187	 	529,369	 	(538,917) 	-	
At 31 December 2022 
(Restated) 	46,608	 	185,797	 	18,997	 	254,816	 	135,926	 	10,503,720	 	426,280	 	11,572,144	
Accumulated 
depreciation and 
impairment losses
At 1 January 2022 	-	 	35,671	 	23,249	 	196,717	 	174,219	 	4,687,280	 	-	 	5,117,136	
Depreciation	expenses	
for	the	financial	year	
(Restated)	(Note	7)	 	-	 	2,980	 	526	 	24,316	 	17,451	 	680,308	 	-	 	725,581	
Disposals 	-	 	-	 	(5,497) 	(134,034) 	(82,260) 	(305,409) 	-	 	(527,200)
Write	offs 	-	 	-	 	-	  (11) 	(28) 	(23,039) 	-	 	(23,078)
At 31 December 2022 
(Restated) 	-	 	38,651	 	18,278	 	86,988	 	109,382	 	5,039,140	 	-	 	5,292,439	
net carrying amount
At 31 December 2022 
(Restated) 	46,608	 	147,146	 	719	 	167,828	 	26,544	 	5,464,580	 	426,280	 	6,279,705	
(a)	 The	 Group	acquired	property,	plant	and	equipment	with	an	aggregate	cost	of	RM1,629.9	million	(2022:	RM783.0	
million)	of	which	RM5.6	million	(2022:	RM58.9	million)	relates	to	the	provision	for	site	decommissioning	and	restoration	
costs,	as	disclosed	in	Note	25.1.
(b)	 Government	 grants	of	RM216.6	million	(2022:	RM292.0	million)	relating	to	additions	of	qualifying	property,	plant	and	
equipment,	were	deducted	before	arriving	at	the	cost	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	during	the	financial	year	ended	
31 December 2023.
(c)	 The	 freehold	building	of	one	of	the	subsidiaries	of	RM3.5	million	(2022:	RM3.5	million)	have	been	pledged	to	a	
licensed	bank	as	security	for	banking	facilities	granted	to	the	Company	as	disclosed	in	Note	23.

---- Page 93 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
183
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
182
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
13. rIght Of use assets and lease lIabIlItIes
 
Group as a lessee
 Leasehold 
 land and 
 buildings 
 tele- 
 communi- 
cations 
 network 
sites 
 trans- 
 mission 
 facilities 
 Spectrum 
 band- 
 widths 
 Stores,
 office 
 buildings 
 and kiosks  total 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Carrying amount
At 1 January 2023 
(Restated) 	427,323	 	3,852,650	 	2,037	 	2,917,946	 	89,994	 	7,289,950	
Additions 	-	 	357,531	 	-	 	102,457	 	9,834	 	469,822	
Depreciation	expense 
for	the	financial	year	
(Note	7) 	(21,131) 	(825,674) 	(1,594) 	(369,335) 	(15,762) 	(1,233,496)
Lease	modification 	-	 	(52,854) 	-	 	-	 	28,364	 	(24,490)
Termination 	-	 	(51,556) 	-	 	-	 	(5,899) 	(57,455)
At 31 December 2023 	406,192	 	3,280,097	 	443	 	2,651,068	 	106,531	 	6,444,331	
At 1 January 2022 	18,914	 	1,506,618	 	4,792	 	1,290,850	 	7,546	 	2,828,720	
Acquisition	of 
subsidiaries	(Note	15)	 	410,683	 	2,636,646	 	-	 	1,682,156	 	79,262	 	4,808,747	
Additions 	-	 	238,400	 	-	 	109,947	 	11,417	 	359,764	
Depreciation	expense 
for	the	financial	year	
(Note	7)	 	(2,274) 	(425,293) 	(2,755) 	(136,426) 	(8,231) 	(574,979)
Lease	modification 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(28,581) 	-	 	(28,581)
Termination 	-	 	(103,721) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	(103,721)
At 31 December 2022 
(Restated) 	427,323	 	3,852,650	 	2,037	 	2,917,946	 	89,994	 	7,289,950
	 The	 Group’s	lease	arrangements	are	mainly	in	relation	to	telecommunication	network	sites,	transmission	faciltlies	and	spectrum	
bandwidths	which	are	used	to	support	the	Group’s	telecommunication	operations.	The	lease	arrangements	generally	do	not	
allow	for	subleasing	of	the	leased	asset,	unless	there	is	a	contractual	right	for	the	Group	to	sublet	the	lease	asset	to	another	
party.
	 The	 Group	also	has	certain	leases	with	lease	terms	of	12	months	or	less	and	leases	that	have	been	determined	to	be	low	
value.	The	Group	applies	the	‘short-term	lease’	and	‘lease	of	low-value	assets’	recognition	exemption	for	these	leases.
12. IntangIble assets (cOnt’d.)
(a) c omputer software
	 Included	 in	the	cost	of	computer	software	are	computer	software	not	yet	available	for	use	of	RM50.2	million	as	at	31	
December	2023	(2022:	RM185.2	million).
(b) c ustomer relationship
	 Refers	 to	the	customer	relationship	acquired	through	business	combination	in	the	previous	financial	year	ended	31	
December	2022.	Customer	relationship	has	a	finite	useful	life	and	is	amortised	using	the	straight-line	method	over	its	
estimated	useful	life	of	10	years,	with	remaining	amortisation	period	of	8.9	years.
(c) t rademark
	 Refers	 to	Celcom’s	trademark	acquired	through	business	combination	in	the	previous	financial	year	ended	31	December	
2022,	which	has	an	indefinite	useful	life.
(d) Goodwill
	 The	 goodwill	arose	from	the	acquisition	of	equity	interest	in	Celcom	Berhad	and	its	subsidiaries	in	the	previous	
financial	year	ended	31	December	2022.	Further	information	relating	to	the	acquisition	is	disclosed	in	Note	15.
 Impairment test for goodwill and trademark
	 For 	impairment	testing	purpose,	goodwill	and	trademark	acquired	through	business	combination	have	been	allocated	
to	the	entire	telecommunication	CGU.	The	recoverable	amount	of	the	entire	telecommunication	CGU	is	determined	
based	on	value-in-use	calculation,	which	use	free	cash	flow	projections	for	the	next	five	financial	years	based	on	
financial	forecast	and	projection	approved	by	the	Board	of	Directors.
	 The	 forecast	and	projection	reflect	management’s	expectations	of	revenue	growth,	operating	costs	and	margins	based	
on	past	experience	and	future	outlook	of	the	CGU.	Cash	flows	beyond	the	fifth	year	are	extrapolated	in	perpetuity	
using	estimated	terminal	growth	rate	which	takes	into	consideration	the	current	and	projected	inflation	and	average	
growth	rate	for	the	telecommunication	industry	in	Malaysia.
	 The	 discount	rate	applied	to	the	cash	flow	forecast	represents	the	current	market	assessment	of	the	risks	specific	to	
the	CGU,	taking	into	consideration	the	time	value	of	money	and	individual	risks	of	the	underlying	assets	that	have	not	
been	incorporated	in	the	cash	flow	estimates.
	 The	following	assumptions	have	been	applied	in	the	 VIU	calculation:
	 Revenue	growth	rates	 2.7%	to	7.9%	(2022:1.5%	to	2.4%)
	 Terminal	growth	rate	 2.0%	(2022:	1.5%)
	 Post-tax	discount	rate	 10.0%	(2022:	9.8%)
	 Based	 on	the	assessment	above,	the	goodwill	and	trademark	are	not	impaired	as	the	recoverable	amount	of	the	CGU	
exceeds	the	carrying	amounts	included	in	the	financial	statements.
 s ensitivity to changes in key assumptions
	 The	 management	believes	that	there	are	no	reasonably	possible	change	in	any	of	the	above	key	assumptions	which	
would	cause	the	carrying	amounts	of	the	goodwill	and	trademark	to	materially	exceed	the	recoverable	amounts.

---- Page 94 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
185
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
184
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
14. cOntract c Osts
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Capitalised	costs,	net	of	amortisation 134,900	 	112,102	
Amortisation	recognised	in	operating	expenses	(Note	7) 92,699	 	90,639	
15. Investments In subsIdIarIes
 Company 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Unquoted	shares,	at	cost 	19,523,561	 	19,121,561	
 
Details	of	the	subsidiaries	are	as	follows:
name of company
 Percentage of 
ownership interest 
Country of 
incorporation principal activities
 2023  2022 
 (%)  (%) 
Celcom Berhad 100 100  Malaysia Provision	of	mobile	telecommunications	
services	and	network	transmission-
related services
Digi	Telecommunications	Sdn.	Bhd.	
(“DTSB”)
100 100  Malaysia Establishment,	maintenance	and	
provision	of	telecommunications	and	
related services
InfraNation	Sdn.	Bhd.	 100 100  Malaysia Provision	of	telecommunication	
infrastructure services
Subsidiaries held through Celcom 
berhad
Celcom Mobile Sdn. Bhd.* 100 100 Malaysia Mobile	communications,	network	and	
application	services	and	content
Celcom Networks Sdn. Bhd.* 100 100 Malaysia Network	communications,	capacity	and	
services
Celcom	Properties	Sdn.	Bhd.* 100 100 Malaysia Property investment
Celcom Escape Sdn. Bhd.* 100 100 Malaysia Dormant
Celcom Retail Holding Sdn. Bhd.* 100 100 Malaysia Strategic	and	business	development,	
management,	administrative	support	
services and investment holding
Celcom Intelligence Sdn. Bhd.* 100 100 Malaysia Dormant
Celcom Timur (Sabah) Sdn. Bhd.* 80 80 Malaysia Fibre	optic	transmission	network
13. rIght Of use assets and lease lIabIlItIes (c Ont’d.)
 
group as a lessee (cont’d.)
	 Set	 out	below	are	the	carrying	amounts	of	lease	liabilities	(included	under	interest-bearing	loans	and	borrowings)	and	the	
movements	during	the	financial	year:
Group
note  2023  2022 
  rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated
At 1 January 	6,009,936	 	2,458,860	
Additions 469,822	 	359,764	
Acquisition	of	subsidiaries 	-	 	3,807,861	
Unwinding of discount 	6	 	272,926	 	132,684	
Lease	modification 	(25,752) 	(26,787)
Payments 	(1,300,926) 	(618,009)
Termination 	(71,678) 	(104,437)
At 31 December 	5,354,328	 	6,009,936	
analysed as:
Current  23 	1,146,046	 	1,011,775	
Non-current  23 	4,208,282	 	4,998,161	
	5,354,328	 	6,009,936	
	 The	maturity 	analysis	of	lease	liabilities	are	disclosed	in	Note	35.4.
	 The	following	are	amounts	recognised	in	profit	or 	loss:
Group
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated
Depreciation	expense	of	right	of	use	assets 	1,233,496	 	574,979	
Interest	expense	on	lease	liabilties	(Note	6) 	272,926	 	132,684	
Expenses	included	in	sales	and	marketing	expenses: 	
-	short-term	leases 	10,927	 	4,557	
Rental	expenses	presented	separately	on	statement	of	comprehensive	income:	
-	short-term	leases 	286,509	 	104,491	
-	leases	of	low	value	assets 	-	 	241	
	1,803,858	 	816,952	
	 The	Group	has	total	cash	outflow 	for	leases	amounting	to	RM1,498.7	million	(2022:	RM666.4	million).

---- Page 95 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
187
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
186
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
15. Investments In subsIdIarIes (c Ont’d.)
 for the previous financial year ended 31 d ecember 2022
 a cquisition of celcom berhad
	 On	 30	November	2022,	the	Company	acquired	1,237,534,681	ordinary	shares	in	Celcom	Berhad,	representing	100%	of	the	
equity	interest	in	Celcom	Berhad,	for	a	total	consideration	of	RM18.3	billion	comprising	share	consideration	of	RM15.8	billion	
and	cash	consideration	of	RM2.5	billion	which	is	subject	to	finalisation	under	the	terms	of	the	Share	Purchase	Agreement	
dated 21 June 2021.
	 During	 the	current	financial	year,	the	Company	has	finalised	the	purchase	consideration	and	resulted	in	additional	cash	
consideration	of	RM402.0	million	paid	for	the	acquisition	of	Celcom	Berhad.	Consequently,	the	total	purchase	consideration	
was	RM18.7	billion.
	 Celcom	 Group	is	one	of	the	key	players	in	the	telecommunication	industry	in	Malaysia.	The	acquisition	of	Celcom	Group	is	
expected	to	combine	the	scale,	experience,	competencies	and	financial	strength	of	two	well-established	telecommunication	
operators	in	Malaysia,	which	will	enable	the	enlarged	Group	to	better	manage	rapidly	escalating	data	usage	coupled	with	
continued	pressure	on	revenue	and	profitability.	
	 The	Group	has	elected	to	measure	the	non-controlling	interests	in	the	acquiree	at	fair 	value	at	the	date	of	acquisition.
 assets acquired and liabilities assumed
	 The	fair 	values	of	the	identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	of	Celcom	Berhad	as	at	the	date	of	acquisition	were:
 Fair value
 recognised on
 acquisition 
 rm’000 
 Restated 
Assets
Property,	plant	and	equipment 	3,388,254	
Intangible assets 	3,007,428	
Right of use assets 	4,808,747	
Investment in an associate 	139,943	
Deferred	tax	assets 	110,688	
Trade and other receivables 	1,794,605	
Contract costs 	32,522	
Contract assets 	123,158	
Derivative	financial	instruments 	43,342	
Inventories 	84,820	
Other	investment  22 
Tax	recoverable 	119,783	
Cash	and	short-term	deposits 	922,154	
total assets 	14,575,466	
name of company
 Percentage of 
ownership interest 
Country of 
incorporation principal activities
 2023  2022 
 (%)  (%) 
Subsidiaries held through Celcom 
berhad (cont’d.)
Celcom eCommerce Sdn. Bhd.* 100 100 Malaysia Dormant
Celcom Resources Berhad* 100 100 Malaysia Investment holding
Infront	Consulting	Group	(M) 
Sdn. Bhd.*
60 60 Malaysia Business	management	and	integration	
system
Bridgenet	Solutions	Sdn.	Bhd.* 51 51 Malaysia Cybersecurity,	networking,	information	
and	communication	solutions
Subsidiary held through D tSb
Y3llowLabs Sdn. Bhd. 100 100 Malaysia Provision	of	e-commerce,	digital	services	
and	solutions
Subsidiary held through Celcom 
Resources berhad
Celcom Trading Sdn. Bhd.* 100 100 Malaysia Dealings	in	marketable	securities
Subsidiary held through Celcom 
retail holding s dn. bhd.
Celcom Retail Sdn. Bhd.* 100 100 Malaysia Trading	and	distribution	of	
communication	devices	and	related	
products and managing retail stores
Subsidiary held through i nfront 
consulting group (m) sdn. bhd.
Infront	Consulting	Group(S)	Pte	Ltd*^ 69 69 Singapore Software	consultancy	services
 
* Audited by firm of auditors other than Ernst & Young PLT  
^ The subsidiary had been placed under compulsory winding-up after the reporting date
 
	 The	 non-controlling	interests	of	the	Group	for	the	financial	year	are	regarded	as	not	material	in	the	view	of	the	directors	and	
therefore the related disclosures are not included. 
 for the current financial year ended 31 d ecember 2023
 a dditional investment in Infront c onsulting group (m) sdn. bhd. (“Infront”)
	 On	 29	November	2023,	Celcom	Berhad,	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company,	together	with	the	minority	shareholder	
of	Infront,	had	in	total	injected	additional	capital	amounting	to	RM2.4	million	in	Infront.	The	total	shareholding	of	Celcom	
Berhad	in	Infront	remained	unchanged	at	60%,	after	the	additional	investment	by	Celcom	Berhad	of	RM1.4	million.
The	additional	investment	did	not	have	any	significant	impacts	to	the	Group.
15. Investments In subsIdIarIes (c Ont’d.)
Details	of	the	subsidiaries	are	as	follows:	(cont’d.)

---- Page 96 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
189
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
188
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
15. Investments In subsIdIarIes (c Ont’d.)
 for the previous financial year ended 31 d ecember 2022 (cont’d.)
 assets acquired and liabilities assumed (cont’d.)
	 In	 November	2023,	the	purchase	price	allocation	(“PPA”)	exercise	was	completed	and	the	acquisition	date	fair	value	of	
the	total	identifiable	net	assets	was	RM2.9	billion,	a	decrease	of	RM136.0	million	over	the	provisional	value.	The	2022	
comparative	information	was	restated	to	reflect	the	adjustment	to	the	provisional	amounts.	For	more	information,	refer	to	
Note	38	for	the	effects	of	the	prior	year	adjustment	arising	from	the	finalisation	of	PPA.
	 The	 goodwill	of	RM15.9	billion	relates	to	expected	synergies	arising	from	the	acquisition.	None	of	the	goodwill	recognised	is	
expected	to	be	deductible	for	income	tax	purposes.
16. Investment In a jOInt venture
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
In	Malaysia:
Unquoted	shares,	at	cost 	5,250	 	5,250	
Share	of	post-acquisition	reserves 	8,750	 	(5,250)
	14,000	 	-	
	 Details	of 	the	joint	venture	incorporated	in	Malaysia	are	as	follows:
name of company
 Percentage of ownership
interest held by the Group principal activities
 2023  2022 
 (%)  (%) 
Joint venture held through Celcom Mobile  
sdn. bhd.
Tune Talk Sdn. Bhd. 35 35 Mobile	communications	services
15. Investments In subsIdIarIes (c Ont’d.)
 for the previous financial year ended 31 d ecember 2022 (cont’d.)
 assets acquired and liabilities assumed (cont’d.)
The	fair	values	of	the	identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	of	Celcom	Berhad	as	at	the	date	of	acquisition	were:	(cont’d.)
 Fair value
 recognised on
 acquisition 
 rm’000 
 Restated 
liabilities
Loans and borrowings 	(7,847,257)
Deferred	tax	liabilities 	(1,359,368)
Other	liabilities 	(172,371)
Trade and other payables 	(2,017,212)
Contract	liabilities 	(262,149)
Income	tax	payable 	(27,944)
total liabilities 	(11,686,301)
total identifiable net assets at fair value 	2,889,165	
Non-controlling	interest	measured	at	fair	value 	(102,572)
Goodwill	arising	on	acquisition	(Note	12) 	15,910,339	
Purchase	consideration	transferred 	18,696,932	
 rm’000 
purchase consideration
Shares	issued,	at	fair	value 	15,826,032	
Cash	consideration 	2,870,900	
Total	purchase	consideration 	18,696,932	
the effect of the acquisition on cash flows is as follows:
Cash	consideration 	(2,870,900)
Cash and cash equivalents of subsidiaries acquired 	922,154	
Net	cash	outflow	on	the	acquisition 	(1,948,746)
	 The	 net	assets	recognised	in	the	31	December	2022	financial	statements	were	based	on	a	provisional	assessment	of	their	
fair	value	while	the	Group	sought	an	independent	valuation	for	the	property,	plant	and	machinery	owned	by	Celcom	Group.	
The	valuation	had	not	been	completed	by	the	date	the	2022	financial	statements	were	approved	for	issue	by	the	Board	of	
Directors.

---- Page 97 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
191
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
190
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
17. Investment In an assOcIate (cOnt’d.)
	 The	 summarised	financial	information	of	the	associate,	not	adjusted	for	the	proportion	of	ownership	interest	held	by	the	
Group,	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	is	as	follows:	
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Assets	and	liabilities
Non-current	assets 	655,391	 	683,511	
Current assets 	678,746	 	527,519	
Current	liabilities 	(166,444) 	(156,355)
Non-current	liabilities 	(129,475) 	(129,129)
Net assets 	1,038,218	 	925,546	
Group’s	share	of	net	assets 	156,979	 	139,943	
Revenue 	303,469	 	24,371	
Profit	before	tax	from	continuing	operation 	140,808	 	13,040	
Profit	after	tax	from	continuing	operation 	101,259	 	11,416	
Group’s	share	of	profit	for	the	financial	year 	15,310	 	1,726	
	 The	 Group	did	not	recognised	the	share	of	results	of	Sacofa	Sdn.	Bhd.	for	the	previous	financial	year,	as	it	was	regarded	as	
not material in the view of the directors.
18. Other Investments
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
non-current
Financial asset at fair value through OCi
Unquoted shares 	36	 	78	
	 The	 investment	was	previously	made	in	relation	to	a	programme	initiated	by	the	Group	to	fund	new	digital	start-ups	in	
Malaysia. 
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Current
financial asset at fair value through profit or loss
Quoted	shares,	at	cost 	24	  22 
	 In	 the	previous	financial	year,	the	Group	completed	the	subscription	of	quoted	shares.	Fair	values	of	these	instruments	are	
determined	by	reference	to	published	price	quotations	in	an	active	market. 	
16. Investment In a jOInt venture (cOnt’d.)
	 The	Group’s	share	of 	profit	in	investment	in	Tune	Talk	Sdn.	Bhd.	recognised:
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Assets	and	liabilities
Non-current	assets 	20,000	 	20,436	
Current assets 	163,000	 	90,806	
Current	liabilities 	(143,000) 	(108,825)
Non-current	liabilities 	-	  (191)
Net assets 	40,000	 	2,226	
Group’s	share	of	net	assets 	14,000	 	-	
	 In	 the	previous	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022,	the	Group	has	not	recognised	the	share	of	results	of	Tune	Talk	Sdn.	
Bhd.,	as	it	was	regarded	as	not	material	in	the	view	of	the	directors.
17. Investment In an assOcIate
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
In	Malaysia:
Unquoted	shares,	at	cost 	139,943	 	139,943	
Share	of	post	acquisition	reserves 	17,036	 	-	
	156,979	 	139,943	
	 Details	of 	the	associate	incorporated	in	Malaysia	are	as	follows:
name of company
 Percentage of 
ownership interest principal activities
 2023  2022 
 (%)  (%) 
Associate held through Celcom b erhad
Sacofa Sdn. Bhd. 15.12 15.12 Telecommunications	infrastructure	
and services company including all 
its related businesses

---- Page 98 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
193
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
192
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
20. trade and O ther receIvables (cOnt’d.)
20.1 t rade receivables
	 The	 Group’s	trade	receivables	include	receivables	on	deferred	payment	schemes	amounting	to	RM862.2	million	
(2022:	RM402.6	million),	which	allows	eligible	customers	on	bundled	packages	to	make	payment	for	mobile	devices	
over	a	24	month	period.	
	 Apart	 from	the	deferred	payment	scheme	receivables,	the	Group’s	trade	receivables	are	non-interest	bearing,	and	are	
subject	to	normal	trade	credit	terms	ranging	from	30	to	45	days	(2022:	30	to	45	days).	They	are	recognised	at	their	
original	invoice	amounts	which	represent	their	fair	value	on	initial	recognition.
20.2 d eposits and prepayments
	 Included	 in	deposits	and	prepayments	are	non-current	and	current	prepayments	which	are	advances	to	a	network	
facility	provider	(“NFP”)	of	RM329.2	million	(2022:	RM424.6	million)	for	provision	of	connectivity	services	for	a	period	
of	10	years	and	non-current	and	current	deposits	given	to	local	city	councils	of	RM162.3	million	(2022:	RM140.8	
million)	for	public	infrastructure	works	which	are	refundable	upon	completion.
20.3 a mount owing by subsidiaries
	 Amount	owing	by 	subsidiaries	is	unsecured,	interest	bearing	and	repayable	on	demand.
20.4 f oreign currency exposures
	 As	 at	31	December	2023,	the	Group’s	trade	receivables	balances	included	exposure	to	foreign	currency	denominated	
in	United	States	Dollar	(“USD”)	and	Special	Drawing	Rights	(“SDR”)	amounting	to	RM25.5	million	(2022:	RM40.4	
million)	and	RM45.8	million	(2022:	RM32.0	million)	respectively.
21. derIvatIve fInancIal assets/(lIabIlI tIes)
  Group
 note  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
non-hedging derivative financial assets/(liabilities)
non-current
-	Convertible	warrants	in	an	associate 21.1 	62,466	 	43,342	
-	Interest	rate	swaps 21.2 	2,072	 	(2,024)
Current
-	Foreign	currency	forward	contracts 21.3 	(362) 	(640)
19. InventOrIes
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Merchandise:
At cost 	198,857	 	76,473	
At net realisable value 	47,796	 	87,885	
	246,653	 	164,358	
	 During	 the	financial	year,	the	amount	of	inventories	recognised	as	an	expense	in	cost	of	materials	of	the	Group	was	RM1,837.9	
million	(2022:	RM992.1	million).
20. trade and O ther receIvables
 Group  Company 
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
non-current
Trade receivables (Note 20.1) 	320,619	 	262,592	 	-	 	-	
Deposits and prepayments (Note 20.2) 	375,092	 	484,135	 	-	 	-	
	695,711	 	746,727	 	-	 	-	
Allowance	for	expected	credit	loss	on	trade	receivables	
(Note	35.2) 	-	 	(25,485) 	-	 	-	
Allowance	for	expected	credit	loss	on	deposits 
(Note	35.2) 	(48,011) 	(78,482) 	-	 	-	
	647,700	 	642,760	 	-	 	-	
Current
Trade receivables (Note 20.1) 	1,748,210	 	1,436,139	 	-	 	-	
Other	receivables 	873,982	 	1,317,132	 	-	 	-	
Deposits and prepayments (Note 20.2) 	586,977	 	515,664	 	5	 	5	
Amount owing by subsidiaries (Note 20.3) 	-	 	-	 	-	 	47,112	
	3,209,169	 	3,268,935	 	5	 	47,117	
Allowance	for	expected	credit	loss	on	trade	receivables	
(Note	35.2) 	(210,935) 	(333,066) 	-	 	-	
Allowance	for	expected	credit	loss	on	other	receivables	
(Note	35.2) 	(405,069) 	(415,699) 	-	 	-	
Allowance	for	expected	credit	loss	on	deposits 
(Note	35.2) 	(136,079) 	(96,168) 	-	 	-	
	2,457,086	 	2,424,002	 	5	 	47,117	
Total trade and other receivables 	3,104,786	 	3,066,762	 	5	 	47,117	

---- Page 99 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
195
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
194
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
21. derIvatIve fInancIal assets/(lIabIlI tIes) (cOnt’d.)
21.3 f oreign currency forward contracts (cont’d.)
	 The	 Group	uses	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	to	minimise	its	exposure	to	foreign	currency	risks	as	a	result	of	transactions	
denominated	in	currencies	other	than	its	functional	currency,	arising	from	the	normal	business	activities.	Foreign	currency	
forward	contracts	are	used	to	hedge	certain	payables	denominated	in	USD	for	which	firm	commitments	existed	at	the	
reporting	date,	extending	to	January	and	March	2024.
	 The	 foreign	currency	forward	contracts	and	interest	rate	swap	are	not	designated	as	cash	flow	hedges	and	are	entered	into	
for	periods	consistent	with	foreign	currency	exposure	and	fair	value	changes	exposure.	Any	gains	or	losses	arising	from	
changes	in	the	fair	value	of	derivatives	are	recognised	directly	in	profit	or	loss.
	 The	method	and	assumptions	applied	in	determining	the	fair 	values	of	the	derivatives	above	are	disclosed	in	Note	35.6(b).
22. cash and shOrt-term depOsIts
 Group  Company 
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Cash and bank balances 	250,398	 	1,021,377	 	81	 	4,072	
Deposits with licensed banks 	146,620	 	199,421	 	-	 	-	
Total	cash	and	short-term	deposits 	397,018	 	1,220,798	 	81	 	4,072	
Represented	by:
Cash and cash equivalents 	393,978	 	1,218,292	 	81	 	4,072	
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 	3,040	 	2,506	 	-	 	-	
Total	cash	and	short-term	deposits 	397,018	 	1,220,798	 	81	 	4,072	
	 Cash	 and	cash	equivalents	include	cash	on	hand	and	at	banks	and	deposits	with	financial	institutions.	For	the	purpose	of	the	
statements	of	cash	flows,	cash	and	cash	equivalents	are	net	of 	outstanding	bank	overdrafts,	if	any.
	 The	 Group’s	cash	and	cash	equivalents	included	amounts	of	foreign	currency	denominated	in	USD	totalling	RM13.6	million	
(2022:	RM16.0	million)	at	the	reporting	date.
	 Cash	 at	banks	earns	interest	at	floating	rates	based	on	daily	bank	deposit	rates.	The	weighted	average	effective	interest	rates	
of	deposits	at	the	reporting	date	are	as	follows:
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 %  % 
Deposits with licensed banks 	4	  3 
21. derIvatIve fInancIal assets/(lIabIlI tIes) (cOnt’d.)
21.1 c onvertible warrants in an associate
	 The	 warrants	issued	by	Sacofa	Sdn	Bhd	(“Sacofa”)	are	constituted	under	the	deed	poll	dated	28	January	2009.	Under	
the	deed	poll,	a	total	64,171,634	warrants	had	been	issued	to	the	shareholders	on	the	entitlement	basis	of	one	(1)	free	
warrant	for	every	one	(1)	existing	Sacofa	ordinary	share.	The	Group	were	issued	12,834,327	warrants,	in	equivalent	to	
the	number	of	Sacofa’s	ordinary	share	held	by	the	Group.
Counterparty Fair value Period Strike Price
Sacofa 12,834,327	 28	Jan	2009	-	25	Jan	2025 RM1.50/share	+	any	adjustments
	 In	 prior	financial	years,	the	exercise	period	of	the	warrants	was	extended	for	another	three	(3)	years	from	25	January	
2022	to	25	January	2025.	
21.2 Interest rate swaps
 notional 
value Fair value
 Assets/
 (liabilities)
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Interest	rate	swaps:
-	2023 	775,000	 	777,072	 	2,072	
-	2022 	775,000	 	772,976	 	(2,024)
	 Interest	 rate	swaps	are	used	to	manage	appropriate	fair	value	change	exposure	within	the	Group.	The	Group	entered	
into	interest	rate	swaps	to	hedge	the	fair	value	risk	in	relation	to	the	fixed	interest	rates	of	the	Sukuk,	as	disclosed	in	
Note	23	with	notional	principal	amounts	of	RM775.0	million	(2022:	RM775.0	million).
	 The	 interest	rate	swaps	entitle	the	Group	to	receive	interest	semi-annually	at	fixed	rates	ranging	from	4%	to	5%	per	
annum,	and	in	return,	pays	interest	quarterly	at	Malaysia	Overnight	Rate	(“MYOR”)	plus	a	spread	with	a	weighted	
average	rate	of	3%	(2022:	3%).	The	swaps	mature	at	varying	dates	based	on	the	maturity	of	different	tranches	of	the	
Sukuk.
21.3 f oreign currency forward contracts
 Contract 
value
 in foreign
 currency
 notional 
value  Fair value  liabilities 
 usd’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Foreign	currency	forward	contracts:
-	2023 	7,000	 	32,583	 	32,221	 	(362)
-	2022 	7,400	 	33,289	 	32,649	 	(640)

---- Page 100 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
197
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
196
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
23. lO ans and bOrrOwIngs (cOnt’d.)
 Group  Company 
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 note  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated 
unsecured:
Floating-rate	term	loans 	175,000	 	199,107	 	-	 	-	
Floating-rate	term	financing-i 	250,000	 	75,000	 	-	 	-	
Fixed-rate	term	financing-i - 	2,400,000	 	-	 	-	
Loan from a subsidiary  23.3 	-	 	-	 	-	 	87,500	
Sukuk 	23.4	 	650,000	 	-	 	-	 	-	
Floating-rate	revolving	credit-i 	1,250	 	450,000	 	-	 	-	
Lease	liabilities  13 	1,146,046	 	1,011,775	 	-	 	-	
	2,222,296	 	4,135,882	 	-	 	87,500	
	2,227,535	 	4,138,756	 	-	 	87,500	
Total loans and borrowings 	12,996,959	 	14,886,675	 	2,821,930	 	2,510,145	
	 The	 weighted	average	effective	interest/profit	rates	at	the	reporting	date	for 	borrowings	and	debt	securities	are	as	follows:
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 %  % 
Floating-rate	term	loans	and	term	financing-i 	4	 	4	
Sukuk 	4	 	5	
Fixed-rate	term	financing	and	term	financing-i 	4	  3 
Floating-rate	revolving	credit-i 	4	 	4	
Banker’s acceptance 	5	 	5	
Lease	liabilities 	3	-	6	 	4	-	5	
	 The	above	borrowings	and	debt	securities	are	denominated	in	RM.
23.1  f loating-rate term loan and fixed-rate term financing (secured)
	 These	facilities	of 	the	Group	are	secured	by:
(i)	 a	first	party 	legal	charge	over	a	freehold	building	as	disclosed	in	Note	11(c);	and
(ii) a joint and several guarantee of certain directors of a subsidiary.
22. cash and shOrt-term depOsIts (c Ont’d.)
	 The	 deposits	with	licensed	banks	of	the	Group	will	mature	within	two	month	(2022:	one	month)	from	the	end	of	the	reporting	
date.
	 Included	 in	the	deposits	with	licensed	banks	of	the	Group	at	the	reporting	date	is	an	amount	of	RM3.0	million	(2022:	RM2.5	
million)	which	has	been	pledged	as	security	for	banking	facilities	granted	to	one	of	the	subsidiaries	as	disclosed	in	Note	23.
23. lO ans and bOrrOwIngs
 Group  Company 
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 note  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated 
non-current 
secured:
Floating-rate	term	loans  23.1 	1,677	 	1,861	 	-	 	-	
Fixed-rate	term	financing  23.1  233 	444	 	-	 	-	
	1,910	 	2,305	 	-	 	-	
unsecured:
Floating-rate	term	loans  432,530	 	612,500	 	-	 	-	
Floating-rate	term	financing-i 	2,529,912	 	1,887,077	 	-	 	-	
Loan from a subsidiary  23.3 	-	 	-	 	2,821,930	 	2,422,645	
Sukuk 	23.4	 	3,596,790	 	3,247,876	 	-	 	-	
Lease	liabilities  13 	4,208,282	 	4,998,161	 	-	 	-	
	10,767,514	 	10,745,614	 	2,821,930	 	2,422,645	
	10,769,424	 	10,747,919	 	2,821,930	 	2,422,645	
Current
secured:
Floating-rate	term	loans  23.1 	174	 	157	 	-	 	-	
Fixed-rate	term	financing  23.1  211  203 	-	 	-	
Bankers’ acceptances  23.2 	4,854	 	2,514	 	-	 	-	
	5,239	 	2,874	 	-	 	-	

---- Page 101 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
199
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
198
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
23. lO ans and bOrrOwIngs (cOnt’d.)
23.4  s ukuk (cont’d.)
	 Another 	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	the	Group,	Celcom	Networks	Sdn.	Bhd.	has	issued	in	prior	years	a	Sukuk	of	RM5.0	
billion	in	nominal	value	(referred	to	as	“Celcom	Sukuk”).	The	tenure	of	Celcom	Sukuk	was	converted	to	be	perpetual	in	
the	previous	financial	year.	Celcom	Sukuk	was	also	issued	under	Islamic	financing	principles	of	Murabahah.
	 As	at	31	December 	2023,	the	series	of	Celcom	Sukuk	in	issue	consists	of:
Series tenure Rate Maturity date
 nominal 
value 
 %  rm’000
8  10 years 5 28	October	2026 	350,000	
10 	7	years	 5 29	August	2024 	350,000	
11  10 years 5 27	August	2027 	450,000	
total  	1,150,000
	 The	maturities	of 	the	Group’s	loans	and	borrowings	at	the	reporting	date	are	as	follows:
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
  Restated
Less	than	one	financial	year 	2,227,535	 	4,138,756	
Between	one	and	two	financial	years 	1,418,897	 	1,888,690	
Between	two	and	five	financial	years 	5,664,681	 	5,937,895	
More	than	five	financial	years 	3,685,846	 	2,921,334	
	12,996,959	 	14,886,675	
 r econciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities 
 interest 
bearing loans
 and borrowings 
 Lease
liabilities  total 
Group  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
At 1 January 2023 (Restated) 	8,876,739	 	6,009,936	 	14,886,675	
Drawdown 	1,944,465	 	-	 	1,944,465	
Payment 	(3,166,245) 	(1,028,000) 	(4,194,245)
Non-cash	changes:
Other	changes 	(12,328) 	372,392	 	360,064	
At 31 December 2023 	7,642,631	 	5,354,328	 	12,996,959	
23. lO ans and bOrrOwIngs (cOnt’d.)
23.2  b ankers’ acceptances (secured)
	 The	bankers’ 	acceptances	of	the	Group	are	secured	by:
(i)	 a	Facility 	Agreement	as	Principal	Instrument;
(ii)	 deposits	 with	licensed	banks	as	disclosed	in	Note	22;
(iii)	 a	70%	guarantee	coverage	by 	Syarikat	Jaminan	Pembiayaan	Perniagaan	Berhad;	and
(iv) a joint and several guarantee of certain directors of a subsidiary.
23.3  l oan from a subsidiary
	 Loan	 from	a	subsidiary	bears	interest	at	rates	of	4%	to	5%	per	annum,	unsecured	and	is	repayable	by	way	of	instalments	
based on a intercompany loan agreement signed on 29 November 2022.
	 The	final	instalment	is	repayable	on	30	September 	2029.
 23.4  s ukuk
	 The	 Group	through	its	wholly-owned	subsidiary,	DTSB,	has	established	an	Islamic	medium	term	note	programme	of	
up	to	RM5.0	billion	in	nominal	value	(“IMTN	Programme”);	and	an	Islamic	commercial	papers	programme	of	up	to	
RM1.0	billion	in	nominal	value	(“ICP	Programme”),	which	have	a	combined	limit	of	up	to	RM5.0	billion	in	nominal	value	
(collectively	referred	to	as	“DTSB	Sukuk”)	based	on	the	Islamic	principle	of 	Murabahah	(via	a	Tawarruq	arrangement).
	 Tenure	 of	the	IMTN	Programme	was	converted	to	perpetual	during	the	financial	while	ICP	Programme	will	expire	in	
2024.
As	at	31	December	2023,	the	series	of	DTSB	Sukuk	in	issue	consists	of:
tranche tenure Rate Maturity date
 nominal
 value 
 %  rm’000
002 	7	years	 5 12	April	2024 	300,000	
003  10 years 5 14	April	2027 	300,000	
004 	7	years	 4 18	September	2026 	450,000	
005  10 years 4 20 September 2029 	450,000	
006  3 years 5 2	December	2025 	250,000	
007 	5	years	 5 2	December	2027 	350,000	
008 	7	years	 4 30 May 2030 	1,000,000	
total  	3,100,000
	 The	 proceeds	from	DTSB	Sukuk	have	been	partially	hedged	against	interest	rate	risk	using	interest	rate	swaps	as	
disclosed in Note 21.

---- Page 102 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
201
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
200
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
24. deferred tax lIabIlItIes/(assets)
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
  Restated
At 1 January 	1,597,502	 	303,027	
Acquisition	of	subsidiaries 	-	 	1,248,680	
Recognised	in	profit	and	loss	(Note	8) 	(349,074) 	45,795	
At 31 December 	1,248,428	 	1,597,502	
presented after appropriate offsetting as follows:
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
  Restated
Deferred	tax	assets 	(119,011) 	(116,080)
Deferred	tax	liabilities 	1,367,439	 	1,713,582	
	1,248,428	 	1,597,502	
 
	 The	 components	and	movements	of	recognised	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	Group	during	the	financial	year	prior	
to	offsetting	are	as	follows:
 
 d eferred tax assets:
 
 Contract 
 liabilities 
 Lease 
 liabilities  Others  total 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
At 1 January 2023 	(138,157) 	(568,068) 	(178,566) 	(884,791)
Recognised	in	profit	and	loss 	5,405	 	88,920	 	(34,520) 	59,805	
At 31 December 2023 	(132,752) 	(479,148) 	(213,086) 	(824,986)
At 1 January 2022 	(131,344) 	(624,147) 	(170,959) 	(926,450)
Acquisition	of	subsidiaries 	(94,122) 	(3,400) 	(13,166) 	(110,688)
Recognised	in	profit	and	loss 	87,309	 	59,479	 	5,559	 	152,347	
At 31 December 2022 	(138,157) 	(568,068) 	(178,566) 	(884,791)
 
	 Others	relate	to	deferred	tax	assets	mainly 	arising	from	deductible	temporary	differences	on	provisions.	
23. lO ans and bOrrOwIngs (cOnt’d.)
23.4  s ukuk (cont’d.)
 r econciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (cont’d.)
 interest 
bearing loans
 and borrowings 
 Lease
liabilities  total 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
At 1 January 2022 	2,500,415	 	2,458,860	 	4,959,275	
Acquisition	of	subsidiaries	(Restated) 	4,039,396	 	3,807,861	 	7,847,257	
Drawdown 	3,550,000	 	-	 	3,550,000	
Payment 	(1,175,000) 	(485,325) 	(1,660,325)
Non-cash	changes:
Other	changes 	(38,072) 	228,540	 	190,468	
At 31 December 2022 (Restated) 	8,876,739	 	6,009,936	 	14,886,675	
 interest
 bearing
loans and 
borrowings 
Company  rm’000 
At 1 January 2023 	2,510,145	
Drawdown 	402,000	
Payment 	(91,950)
Non-cash	changes:
Other	changes 	1,735	
At 31 December 2023 	2,821,930	
At 1 January 2022 	-	
Drawdown 	2,522,000	
Non-cash	changes:
Other	changes 	(11,855)
At 31 December 2023 	2,510,145	
	 Included	 in	the	other	changes	are	transaction	costs	deducted	against	carrying	amount	of	loans	and	borrowings	
amortised	under	effective	interest	rate	method,	and	accrued	but	not	yet	paid	interest	on	interest-bearing	loans	and	
borrowings.	The	Group	classifies	interest	paid	as	cash	flows	from	operating	activities.

---- Page 103 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
203
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
202
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
24. deferred tax lIabIlItIes/(assets) (c Ont’d.)
	 Pursuant	 to	the	relevant	tax	regulation,	the	unused	tax	losses	and	unabsorbed	capital	allowances	at	the	end	of	reporting	
period	will	expire	as	follows:	
 
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 RM  RM 
More than 12 months 	146,928	 	146,928	
25. Other lIabIlItIes
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
non-current
Provisions	(Note	25.1) 	389,224	 	371,512	
25.1 p rovisions
 note 
 Site 
 decommissioning 
 and restoration 
 costs 
 defined
 benefit
 plan  total 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
  (note 29)
Group
non-current
At 1 January 2023 	371,424	 	88	 	371,512	
Capitalised	as	property,	plant	and	equipment  11(a) 	5,561	 	-	 	5,561	
Unwinding of discount 	6	 	12,178	 	-	 	12,178	
Additional	provision 	7(b)	 	-	 	67	 	67	
Paid	during	the	financial	year 	-	 	(94) 	(94)
At 31 December 2023 	389,163	 	61	 	389,224	
non-current
At 1 January 2022 	135,984	 	69	 	136,053	
Acquisition	of	a	subsidiary 	15	 	172,371	 	-	 	172,371	
Capitalised	as	property,	plant	and	equipment  11(a) 	58,874 -	 	58,874	
Unwinding of discount 	6	 	4,195	 	-	 	4,195	
Additional	provision 	7(b)	 	-	 	67	 	67	
Paid	during	the	financial	year 	-	 	(48) 	(48)
At 31 December 2022 	371,424	 	88	 	371,512	
24. deferred tax lIabIlItIes/(assets) (c Ont’d.) 
 
	 The	 components	and	movements	of	recognised	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	Group	during	the	financial	year	prior	
to	offsetting	are	as	follows:	(cont’d.)
 
 d eferred tax liabilities: 
 
 Contract 
 costs 
 
 Contract 
 assets 
 Property, 
 plant and 
 equipment 
 and 
 intangible 
 assets 
 Right of
 use 
 assets  total 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
At 1 January 2023 (Restated) 	18,625	 	56,728	 	1,463,600	 	943,340	 	2,482,293	
Recognised	in	profit	and	loss 	3,640	 	40,026	 	(334,703) 	(117,842) 	(408,879)
At 31 December 2023 	22,265	 	96,754	 	1,128,897	 	825,498	 	2,073,414	
At 1 January 2022 	23,447	 	40,761	 	577,228	 	588,041	 	1,229,477	
Acquisition	of	subsidiaries 	-	 	33,056	 	895,897	 	430,415	 	1,359,368	
Recognised	in	profit	and	loss 	(4,822) 	(17,089) 	(9,525) 	(75,116) 	(106,552)
At 31 December 2022 (Restated) 	18,625	 	56,728	 	1,463,600	 	943,340	 	2,482,293	
 
	 Deferred	tax	assets	have	not	been	recognised	in	respect	of 	the	following	items:	
 
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 RM  RM 
Unused	tax	losses 	146,928	 	146,928	
Unabsorbed capital allowances 	58,701	 	58,701	
	205,629	 	205,629	
 
	 Deferred	 tax	assets	have	not	been	recognised	in	respect	of	the	items	above	as	it	is	not	probable	that	future	taxable	profits	
will	be	available	against	which	the	items	above	can	be	utilised.	
 
	 The	 Malaysia	Finance	Act	2018	gazetted	on	27	December	2018	imposed	a	time	limitation	to	restrict	the	carry	forward	of	the	
unused	tax	losses	to	a	maximum	period	of	7	consecutive	Year	of	Assessment	(“YA”),	effective	YA	2019.	Based	on	the	latest	
Malaysia	Finance	Act	2021,	gazetted	on	31	December	2021,	the	time	limit	for	the	carry	forward	of	the	unused	tax	losses	has	
been	extended	from	7	years	to	10	years.	As	a	result	of	this	change,	the	unused	tax	losses	accumulated	up	to	the	YA	2018	are	
allowed	to	be	carried	forward	for	10	consecutive	years	of	assessment	(i.e.	from	YA	2019	to	2028).	Any	balance	of	the	unused	
tax	losses	thereafter	shall	be	disregarded.	

---- Page 104 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
205
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
204
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
27. share capItal (c Ont’d.)
	 The	 holders	of	ordinary	shares	are	entitled	to	receive	dividends	as	and	when	declared	by	the	Company.	All	ordinary	shares	
carry	one	vote	per	share	without	restrictions	and	rank	equally	with	regard	to	the	Company’s	residual	assets.
28. reserves
  Group
 note  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Share-based	payment	reserve 	28.1	 	938	 	-	
Foreign	currency	translation	reserve 	28.2	 	18	  103 
Fair	value	reserve	of	financial	asset	at	FVOCI 	28.3	 	(42) 	-	
28.1  s hare-based payment reserve
	 The	 share-based	payments	reserve	is	used	to	recognise	the	value	of	equity-settled	share-based	payments	provided	to	
key	management	personnel,	as	part	of	their	remuneration.	
	 On	 17	August	2023,	the	Group	announced	the	establisment	of	an	ESGP	of	up	to	0.5%	of	the	total	number	of	issued	
ordinary	shares	in	CelcomDigi	Berhad	(excluding	treasury	shares,	if	any)	at	any	point	in	time	during	the	duration	of	the	
share	grant	plan	of	10	years,	commencing	from	17	August	2023,	for	the	eligible	selected	employees	who	hold	senior	
management	position	in	the	Group	(excluding	subsidiaries	 which	are	dormant)	(“”Eligible	Senior	Executives””).	
	 For 	the	ESGP	granted	by	the	Group	to	the	Eligible	Senior	Executives	on	1	September	2023,	the	number	of	ordinary	
shares	of	the	Company	that	will	vest	on	1	July	2026	(“”Vesting	Date””)	will	be	determined	in	accordance	with	and	
subject	to	the	satisfaction	of	the	performance	targets	of	the	Group	over	the	three	years	period	from	the	year	of	grant	
(i.e.	31	December	2023,	31	December	2024	and	31	December	2025)	.
	 The	 following	table	illustrates	the	number	and	weighted	average	exercise	prices	(“WAEP”)	of,	and	movements	in,	ESGP	
during	the	financial	year:
 number  WAeP 
 ‘000  RM 
Outstanding	at	1	January	2023 	-	 	-	
Granted	during	the	financial	year 	1,780	 	4.40	
Outstanding	at	31	December	2023 	1,780	 	4.40	
Exercisable	at	31	December	2023 	-	 	-	
	 The	 weighted	average	fair	value	of	ESGP	granted	during	the	financial	year	was	RM	4.40.
	 The	 weighted	average	remaining	contractual	life	for	the	ESGP	outstanding	as	at	31	December	2023	was	2.5	years.	
26. trade and O ther payables
 Group  Company 
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated
non-current
Other	payables 	11,850	 	-	 	-	 	-	
Current
Trade payables 	588,403	 	502,244	 	-	 	-	
Other	payables 	1,277,118	 	897,062	 	-	 	-	
Accruals 	2,375,756	 	2,490,307	 	1,991	 	66,267	
Customer deposits 	43,753	 	37,793	 	-	 	-	
Amount owing to subsidiaries 	-	 	-	 	17,200	 	-	
	4,285,030	 	3,927,406	 	19,191	 	66,267	
Total trade and other payables 	4,296,880	 	3,927,406	 	19,191	 	66,267	
	 The	 Group’s	trade	and	other	payables	are	non-interest	bearing,	and	are	subject	to	normal	credit	terms	ranging	from	30	to	60	
days	(2022:	30	to	60	days).
	 At	 31	December	2023,	the	Group’s	trade	and	other	payables	balances	included	exposure	to	foreign	currency	denominated	
in	USD,	Singapore	Dollar	(“SGD”),	SDR	and	Norwegian	Krone	(“NOK”)	amounting	to	RM51.6	million	(2022:	RM58.0	million),	
RM10.4	million	(2022:	Nil),	RM34.6	million	(2022:	RM2.6	million)	and	RM1.6	million	(2022:	RM20.0	million)	respectively.
	 Amount	owing	to	subsidiaries	is	unsecured,	interest	bearing	and	repayable	on	demand.
27. share capItal
 Group/Company 
 number of ordinary shares  Amount
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 units (‘000)  units (‘000)  rm’000  rm’000 
issued and fully paid 
As at 1 January 	11,731,508	 	7,775,000	 	16,595,687	 	769,655	
Issuance of ordinary shares 	-	 	3,956,508	 	-	 	15,826,032	
At 31 December 	11,731,508	 	11,731,508	 	16,595,687	 	16,595,687	
	 In	 the	previous	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022,	the	Company	increased	its	issued	and	paid-up	ordinary	share	capital	
from	RM769,655,000	to	RM16,595,687,000	by	way	of	the	issuance	of	3,956,507,988	ordinary	shares	at	an	issue	price	of	
RM4.00	per	ordinary	share	as	partial	discharge	of	purchase	consideration	for	the	acquisition	of	subsidiaries.	The	new	ordinary	
shares	issued	in	the	previous	financial	year	ranked	pari	passu	in	all	respects	with	the	existing	ordinary	shares	of	the	Company.

---- Page 105 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
207
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
206
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
30. retaIned earnIngs
	 The	 Company	may	distribute	dividends	out	of	its	entire	retained	earnings	as	at	31	December	2023	and	2022	respectively,	
under	the	single-tier	system.
31. Other asset
	 On	 1	December	2023,	CelcomDigi	Berhad’s	wholly	owned	subsidiary,	Infranation	Sdn.	Bhd.,	(“Infranation”)	had	entered	into	
a	conditional	share	subscription	agreement	with	Digital	Nasional	Berhad	(“DNB”)	(the	“Proposed	Transaction”).	The	Proposed	
Transaction	involves:
(i)	 Infranation	subscribing	100,000	new	ordinary	shares	in	DNB	at	an	issue	price	of	RM1.00	for	each	DNB	share;	and
(ii)	 cash	 payment	of	RM233.2	million	by	DTSB	to	DNB	as	a	prepayment	for	the	5G	products	and	services	to	be	delivered	
by	DNB	to	DTSB	which	shall	be	regarded	and	treated	as	a	shareholder	advance	by	Infranation	to	DNB	upon	the	
completion	of	the	Proposed	Transaction.	
	 As	 at	31	December	2023,	DTSB	has	made	the	cash	payment	of	RM233.2	million	to	DNB,	which	was	recognised	as	non-
current other asset.
32. cOmmItments
Capital commitments
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Capital	expenditure	in	respect	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	and	intangible	assets:
Approved and contracted for 	1,172,220	 	885,923	
33. perf Ormance guarantees
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
unsecured
Guarantees	given	to	city	councils	for	public	infrastructure	works 	81,703	 	88,530	
Guarantee	given	to	MCMC	on	project	tender,	utility	providers	land	owners	for	security	
deposits and others 	333,164	 	331,642	
	414,867	 	420,172	
28. reserves (c Ont’d.)
28.2  f oreign currency translation reserve
	 The	 foreign	currency	translation	reserve	represents	the	foreign	translation	differences	arising	from	the	translation	of	
the	financial	statements	of	a	foreign	operation	whose	functional	currency	is	different	from	the	Group’s	presentation	
currency.
28.3  f air value reserve of financial asset at fv OcI
	 This	 represents	non-distributable	reserve	arising	from	cumulative	fair	value	changes,	net	of	tax,	of	financial	assets	at	
FVOCI	until	they	are	disposed	of.
29. defIned benefIt plan
	 The	Group	operates	an	unfunded	defined	benefit	plan	for	its	eligible	employees.	The	estimated	obligations	under	the	
retirement	benefit	scheme	are	determined	based	on	actuarial	 valuation	by	a	qualified	independent	actuary.
	 The	amount	recognised	in	the	consolidated	statement	of 	financial	position	is	determined	as	follows:
  Group
 note  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Present	value	of	unfunded	obligations 	25.1	 61	 	88	
	 The	amount	recognised	in	profit	and	loss,	included	under 	staff	expenses,	is	as	follows:
 Group 
 note  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
Interest	on	obligations,	representing	increase	in	provision	for 	defined	benefit	
plan 	7(b)	 	67	 	67	
	 The	 principal	actuarial	assumption	used	in	determining	the	retirement	benefit	obligation	for	the	defined	benefit	plan,	is	as	
follows:
 Group 
 2023  2022 
 %  % 
Rate	per	annum:
-	Discount	rate 	5	 	5	
	 Assumption	regarding	future	mortality 	are	based	on	published	statistics	and	mortality 	table.

---- Page 106 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
209
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
208
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
34. sIgnIfIcant related party dIscl Osures (cOnt’d.)
34.1 s ales and purchases of services (cont’d.)
	 Significant	 transactions	and	balances	with	related	parties	of	the	Group	during	the	financial	year	are	as	follows:	(cont’d.)
 transactions 
 2023  2022 
Group  rm’000  rm’000 
transactions with telenor group
Sale	of	goods	and	services:
-	Consultancy	fees	rendered 	-	  10 
-	Consultancy	services	rendered 	-	 	97	
-	Managed	services	rendered 	-	 	97	
-	Lease	income	from	bandwidth	leasing 	6,726	 	3,713	
-	Sales	of	interconnection	services	on	international	traffic 	17,745	 	14,515	
-	Sales	of	international	roaming	services 	1,002	 	382	
	25,473	 	18,814	
Purchase	of	goods	and	services:
-	Business	security 	strategy	execution	received 	6,595	 	6,601	
-	Clearing	house	services	received	for 	international	roaming	arrangements 	2,196	 	441	
-	Consultancy	services	received 	81	 	34,542	
-	Fees	payable	for	licenses	and	trademarks 	8,998	 	9,428	
-	Lease	expenses	of 	bandwidth	leasing 	4,313	 	974	
-	Managed	services	including	markerting	collection	related	services 	-	 	865	
-	Managed	services	received 	58,402	 	27,257	
-	Purchases	of	global	connectivity 	1,341	 	3,143	
-	Purchases	of	interconnection	services	on	international	traffic 	12,228	 	8,857	
-	Purchases	of	international	roaming	services 	2,351	 	1,382	
-	Purchases	of	IP	transit 	215	 	24	
-	Personnel	services	received 	1,606	 	2,561	
-	Services	received	on	application	operations	and	basic	operation	for 	data	centre 	695	 	4,449	
-	Services	received	on	digital	marketing	and	distribution	platform 	7,599	 	9,124	
	106,620	 	109,648	
34. sIgnIfIcant related party dIscl Osures
34.1 s ales and purchases of services
	 Related	party 	relationships	are	as	follows:
(i)	 The	related	parties	are	as	disclosed	in	Note	1;	and
(ii)	 The	Company’s	subsidiaries	are	as	disclosed	in	Note	15.
	 Significant	transactions	and	balances	 with	related	parties	of	the	Group	during	the	financial	year	are	as	follows:
 transactions 
 2023  2022 
Group  rm’000  rm’000 
transactions with axiata group
Sale	of	goods	and	services:
-	Commission	fees	income	on	content	related	services 	 	24,663	 	2,244	
-	International	SMS	Services 	7,395	 	847	
-	Information	Technology	(“IT”)	related	services	fee 	977	 	-	
-	Managed	services	including	markerting	collection	related	services 	403	  121 
-	Mobile	virtual	network	operator	(“MVNO”)	income 	205,392	 	18,084	
-	Provision	of	telecommunication	services 	8,285	 	34	
-	Site	infrastructure	lease	income 	 	5,455	 	453	
-	Sales	of	international	roaming	services  210  13 
-	Sales	of	interconnection	services	on	international	traffic 	521	 	55	
	253,301	 	21,851	
Purchase	of	goods	and	services:
-	Commission	fees	expense	on	content	related	services 	 	2,529	  209 
-	Fees	payable	for	licenses	and	trademarks 	9,000	 	-	
-	Information	Technology	(“IT”)	related	services	fee 	7,465	 	1,883	
-	Infrastructure	leasing	and	related	services 	691,986	 	57,558	
-	Lease	expense	of 	bandwidth	leasing 	92,566	 	40	
-	Managed	services	including	markerting	collection	related	services 	11,746	 	42	
-	Provision	of	telecommunication	services 	704	 	-	
-	Purchases	of	international	roaming	services 	464	  30 
-	Purchases	of	interconnection	services	on	international	traffic 	15,217	 	1,584	
	831,677	 	61,346	

---- Page 107 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
211
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
210
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
35. fInancIal Instruments
35.1 f inancial risk management objectives and policies
	 In	 the	normal	course	of	conducting	its	business	activities,	the	Group	is	exposed	to	a	variety	of	financial	risks,	which	
include	credit,	foreign	currency,	liquidity	and	interest	rate	risks.	The	Group’s	overall	risk	management	programme	
seeks	to	minimise	potential	adverse	effects	of	these	risks	on	the	financial	performance	of	the	Group.
35.2 c redit risk
	 Credit	 risk	is	the	risk	of	loss	that	may	arise	if	a	counterparty	default	on	its	obligations	under	a	financial	instrument	
or	customer	contract,	leading	to	a	financial	loss.	The	Group’s	credit	risk	arises	in	the	normal	course	of	operations	
(primarily	from	trade	and	other	receivables,	and	contract	assets)	and	from	its	financing	activities,	including	deposits	
with	approved	financial	institutions.	The	maximum	credit	risk	exposure	is	limited	to	the	carrying	amount	of	each	
financial	asset	and	contract	assets	less	allowance	for	impairment.
 t rade receivables, other receivables, deposits and contract assets
	 The	 credit	risk	is	managed	through	formalised	policies	on	credit	assessment	and	approvals,	credit	limits	and	monitoring	
procedures. Credit quality of each new customer is assessed based on an internally developed credit scoring model 
using	information	such	as	external	ratings	and	credit	agency	information.	Individual	risk	limits	are	set	in	accordance	to	
the	risk	profile	established	for	each	customer,	and	are	reviewed	periodically.
	 An	 impairment	analysis	is	performed	at	each	reporting	date	using	a	provision	matrix	to	measure	expected	credit	
losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss 
patterns	(i.e.,	customer	type	and	rating).	The	calculation	reflects	the	probability-weighted	outcome,	and	reasonable	
and	supportable	information	that	is	available	at	the	reporting	date	about	past	events,	current	conditions	and	forecasts	
of	future	economic	conditions.	The	Group	evaluates	the	concentration	of	risk	with	respect	to	trade	receivables,	other	
receivables,	deposits	and	contract	assets	as	low,	as	its	customers	base	is	large	and	diverse.
	 Trade	 receivables,	other	receivables,	deposits	and	contract	assets	are	written	off	when	there	is	no	reasonable	
expectation	of	recovery,	and	are	not	subject	to	enforcement	activity.	They	are	not	secured	by	any	collateral	or	credit	
enhancements.
	 Set	 out	below	is	the	information	about	the	credit	risk	exposure	on	the	Group’s	trade	receivables,	other	receivables,	
deposits	and	contract	assets	using	a	provision	matrix:
 Gross 
 carrying 
 amount 
 expected 
 credit 
 losses 
 net 
 carrying 
 amount 
As at 31 December 2023  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Trade receivables
-	Not	past	due 1,726,027	 	(39,946) 	1,686,081	
-	1	to	30	days	past	due 113,905	 	(2,630) 	111,275	
-	31	to	60	days	past	due 33,258	 	(2,779) 	30,479	
-	61	to	90	days	past	due 18,932	 	(6,059) 	12,873	
-	More	than	91	days	past	due 	 	176,707	 	(159,521) 17,186	
Total trade receivables 	2,068,829	 	(210,935) 	1,857,894	
34. sIgnIfIcant related party dIscl Osures (cOnt’d.)
34.1 sales and purchases of services (cont’d.)
	 Significant	 transactions	and	balances	with	related	parties	of	the	Group	during	the	financial	year	are	as	follows:	(cont’d.)
 transactions 
 2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000 
receivables from:
-	Axiata	Group 	35,899	 	13,243	
-	Telenor	Group 	1,712	 	778	
	37,611	 	14,021	
payables to:
-	Axiata	Group 	46,275	 	49,333	
-	Telenor	Group 	13,553	 	1,052	
	59,828	 	50,385	
	 Amounts	 due	from/(to)	related	companies	which	are	trade	in	nature	are	unsecured,	non-interest	bearing	and	are	
subject	to	the	normal	credit	terms	for	trade	receivables	and	trade	payables,	respectively.
	 The	 directors	are	of	the	opinion	that	the	above	transactions	are	entered	into	in	the	normal	course	of	business	and	at	
standard	commercial	terms	mutually	agreed	between	both	parties.
34.2 c ompensation of key management personnel
	 Key 	management	personnel	are	those	persons	having	authority	and	responsibility	for	planning,	directing	and	controlling	
the	activities	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	directly	and	indirectly,	including	directors	of	the	Group	and	of	the	
Company.
	 The	remuneration	of 	key	management	personnel	during	the	financial	year	was	as	follows:
 Group  Company
 2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Short-term	employee	benefits 	22,856	 	15,491	 	2,261	 	1,018	
Post-employment	benefits 	3,011	 	1,849	 	-	 	-	
Other	employment	benefits 	-	 	3,326	 	-	 	-	
	25,867	 	20,666	 	2,261	 	1,018	
	 Included	 in	remuneration	of	key	management	personnel	above	are	non-executive	directors’	remuneration	as	disclosed	
in	Note	7(c).

---- Page 108 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
213
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
212
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
35. fInancIal Instruments (c Ont’d.)
35.2 c redit risk (cont’d.)
 t rade receivables, other receivables, deposits and contract assets (cont’d.)
	 Set	 out	below	is	the	movement	in	allowance	for	expected	credit	losses	for	trade	receivables,	other	receivables,	
deposits	and	contract	assets:
 note 
trade 
 receivables 
and other 
 receivables 
Contract 
assets  Deposits  total 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
At 1 January 2023 	774,250	 	22,330	 	174,650	 	971,230	
(Reversal	of)/allowance	for	expected	
credit	losses	the	financial	year 7	 	(49,831) 	18,586	 	9,440	 	(21,805)
Write	offs	and	adjustments 	(108,415) 	(28,880) 	-	 	(137,295)
At 31 December 2023 	616,004	 	12,036	 	184,090	 	812,130	
At 1 January 2022 	29,040	 	4,528	 	-	 	33,568	
Acquisition	of	subsidiaries 	744,715	 	17,640	 	134,046	 	896,401	
Allowance	for	expected	credit	losses	
for	the	financial	year 7	 	38,757	 	162	 	40,604	 	79,523	
Write	offs 	(38,262) 	-	 	-	 	(38,262)
At 31 December 2022 	774,250	 	22,330	 	174,650	 	971,230	
 Cash and short-term deposits
	 The	 Group’s	credit	risk	also	arises	from	cash	and	short-term	deposits.	The	credit	risk	is	managed	through	monitoring	
procedures.
35.3 f oreign currency risk
	 Foreign	 currency	risk	is	the	risk	that	the	fair	value	or	future	cash	flows	of	a	financial	instrument	will	fluctuate	because	
of	changes	in	foreign	exchange	rates.	The	Group	is	exposed	to	foreign	currency	risk	as	a	result	of	transactions	
denominated	in	currencies	other	than	its	functional	currency,	arising	from	the	normal	business	activities.	The	
currencies	giving	rise	to	this	risk	are	primarily	the	USD,	SDR	and	NOK.	Although	approximately	2%	(2022:	2%)	of	
the	Group’s	total	expenses	are	denominated	in	the	above-mentioned	foreign	currencies,	the	settlements	of	these	
payables	are	on	a	net	basis	through	clearing	house	services,	together	with	revenues	earned	from	the	same	operators	
and	partners.	The	Group	also	holds	cash	and	cash	equivalents	denominated	in	USD	for	working	capital	purposes.	The	
Group’s	foreign-denominated	cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	the	reporting	date	is	disclosed	in	Note	22.
	 Exposure	 to	foreign	currency	risk	is	monitored	on	an	on-going	basis	and	when	considered	necessary,	the	Group	
will	consider	using	effective	financial	instruments	to	hedge	its	foreign	currency	risk	in	accordance	with	its	foreign	
currency	hedging	policy.	In	line	with	the	Group’s	foreign	currency	hedging	policy,	hedging	is	only	considered	for	
firm	commitments	and	highly	probable	transactions	of	which	hedging	shall	not	exceed	100%	of	the	net	exposure	
value.	Speculative	activities	are	strictly	prohibited.	The	Group	adopts	a	layered	approach	to	hedging,	where	a	higher	
percentage	of	hedging	will	be	executed	for	closer-dated	exposures	and	with	time,	increase	the	hedge	as	the	probability	
of	the	underlying	exposure	increases.	These	derivatives	and	their	underlying	exposures	will	be	monitored	on	an	on-
going	basis.	However,	these	contracts	are	not	designated	as	cash	flow 	or	fair	value	hedge.
35. fInancIal Instruments (c Ont’d.)
35.2 c redit risk (cont’d.)
 t rade receivables, other receivables, deposits and contract assets (cont’d.)
	 Set	 out	below	is	the	information	about	the	credit	risk	exposure	on	the	Group’s	trade	receivables,	other	receivables,	
deposits	and	contract	assets	using	a	provision	matrix:	(cont’d.)
 Gross 
 carrying 
 amount 
 expected 
 credit 
 losses 
 net 
 carrying 
 amount 
As at 31 December 2023  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Other	receivables 873,982 	(405,069) 468,913
Deposits 417,664 	(184,090) 233,574
Contract assets 437,798 	(12,036) 425,762
Total	trade	receivables,	other	receivables,	deposits	and	contract	
assets 	3,798,273	 	(812,130) 	2,986,143	
 Gross 
 carrying 
 amount 
 expected 
 credit 
 losses 
 net 
 carrying 
 amount 
As at 31 December 2022  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Trade receivables
-	Not	past	due 	1,280,779	 	(78,922) 1,201,857	
-	1	to	30	days	past	due 	101,870	 	(13,679) 88,191	
-	31	to	60	days	past	due 	39,380	 	(24,063) 15,317	
-	61	to	90	days	past	due 	21,515	 	(9,903) 11,612	
-	More	than	91	days	past	due 	 	255,187	 	(231,984) 23,203	
Total trade receivables 	1,698,731	 	(358,551) 	1,340,180	
Other	receivables 	1,317,132	 	(415,699) 	901,433	
Deposits 	397,758	 	(174,650) 	223,108	
Contract assets 	244,125	 	(22,330) 	221,795	
Total	trade	receivables,	other	receivables,	deposits	and	contract	
assets 	3,657,746	 	(971,230) 	2,686,516	

---- Page 109 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
215
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
214
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
35. fInancIal Instruments (c Ont’d.) 
 
35.4 liquidity risk (cont’d.) 
 
 Analysis	of	financial	instruments	by	remaining	contractual	maturities	(cont’d.) 
 
	 The	 table	below	summarises	the	maturity	profile	of	the	Group’s	and	of	the	Company’s	financial	liabilities	at	the	
reporting	date	based	on	contractual	undiscounted	repayment	obligations.	(cont’d.)	
 
 On demand 
 or within 
 one year 
 One 
 to two 
 years 
 
 two to 
 five years 
 More than 
 five years  total 
Group  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
2022 (Restated)
financial liabilities
Trade and other payables 	3,927,406	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	3,927,406	
Loans and borrowings 	3,429,502	 	1,260,720	 	4,198,595	 	1,063,417	 	9,952,234	
Lease	liabilities 	1,281,449	 	1,151,666	 	2,599,434	 	2,273,567	 	7,306,116	
Derivative	financial	liabilities:
-	Foreign	currency	forward	
contracts 	640	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	640	
Total	undiscounted	financial	
liabilities 	8,638,997	 	2,412,386	 	6,798,029	 	3,336,984	 	21,186,396	
Company
2023
financial liabilities
Other	payables 	1,991	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	1,991	
Amount owing to subsidiaries 	17,200	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	17,200	
Loans and borrowings 	122,993	 	119,301	 	623,051	 	3,107,838	 	3,973,183	
Total	undiscounted	financial	
liabilities 	142,184	 	119,301	 	623,051	 	3,107,838	 	3,992,374	
2022
financial liabilities
Other	payables 	66,267	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	66,267	
Loans and borrowings 	191,941	 	358,134	 	1,380,131	 	1,200,940	 	3,131,146	
Total	undiscounted	financial	
liabilities 	258,208	 	358,134	 	1,380,131	 	1,200,940	 	3,197,413	
35. fInancIal Instruments (c Ont’d.)
35.3 f oreign currency risk (cont’d.)
	 The	 Group’s	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	are	executed	only	with	creditworthy	financial	institutions	in	Malaysia	
which are governed by appropriate policies and procedures. 
	 Details	 of	the	Group’s	outstanding	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	for	the	purpose	of	hedging	certain	payables	
denominated	in	USD	for	which	firm	commitments	existed	at	the	reporting	date,	extends	to	January	and	March	2024,	
are	disclosed	in	Note	21.	The	effects	of	changes	in	the	fair	values	of	these	derivative	financial	instruments	have	
already	been	included	in	the	financial	statements	during	the	financial	 year.
	 Management	 believes	that	there	is	no	reasonably	possible	fluctuation	in	the	foreign	exchange	rate	which	would	cause	
any	material	effect	to	the	Group’s	profit	for	the	financial	year.	
 
35.4 liquidity risk 
 
	 Liquidity 	risk	is	the	risk	that	the	Group	will	encounter	difficulty	in	meeting	financial	obligations	due	to	shortage	of	
funds.	The	Group	monitors	and	maintains	a	level	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents	deemed	adequate	by	management,	for	
working	capital	purposes	and	to	mitigate	the	effects	of	fluctuations	in	cash	flows.	The	Group	invests	only	in	highly	
liquid	cash	management	funds,	if	any.		
 
	 The	Group’s	and	the	Company’s	trade	and	other 	payables	and	non-hedging	derivative	liabilities	at	the	reporting	date, 	
are	short-term	in	nature,	and	are	payable	either	on-demand	or	within	one	financial	year.	Details	of	maturities	for	the	
Group’s	loans	and	borrowings	are	as	disclosed	in	Note	23.	
 
 Analysis	of	financial	instruments	by	remaining	contractual	maturities 
 
	 The	 table	below	summarises	the	maturity	profile	of	the	Group’s	and	of	the	Company’s	financial	liabilities	at	the	
reporting	date	based	on	contractual	undiscounted	repayment	obligations.	
 
 On demand 
 or within 
 one year 
 One 
 to two 
 years 
 
 two to 
 five years 
 More than 
 five years  total 
Group  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
2023
financial liabilities
Trade and other payables 	4,296,880	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	4,296,880	
Loans and borrowings 	1,397,192	 	947,837	 	4,362,940	 	2,106,564	 	8,814,533	
Lease	liabilities 	1,205,575	 	823,915	 	1,866,994	 	1,735,963	 	5,632,447	
Derivative	financial	liabilities:
-	Foreign	currency	forward	
contracts 	362	 	-	 	-	 	-	 	362	
Total	undiscounted	financial	
liabilities 	6,900,009	 	1,771,752	 	6,229,934	 	3,842,527	 	18,744,222	

---- Page 110 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
217
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
216
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
35. fInancIal Instruments (c Ont’d.) 
35.6 f air values (cont’d.)
(c) Other investment 
 Investment in equity instrument represents ordinary shares not quoted on any market and does not have any 
comparable industry peers that is listed. The investment in unquoted equity instrument is not held for trading.
	 The	 initial	acquisition	cost	of	the	unquoted	equity	investment	is	an	approximate	estimate	of	its	fair	value	as	the	
investee’s	entity	is	in	the	start-up	stage.
35.7 classification
	 The	carrying	amounts	of 	financial	instruments	under	each	category,	are	as	follows:
 Group  Company
note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated
Financial assets
Financial	assets	at	fair	value	through	OCI:
-	Other	investments 18	 	36	 	78	 	-	 	-	
Financial	assets	at	amortised	cost:
-	Trade	receivables 20 	1,857,894	 	1,340,180	 	-	 	-	
-	Other	receivables 20 	468,913	 	901,433	 	-	 	-	
-	Deposits	and	prepayments 20 	777,979	 	825,149	 	5	 	5	
-	Cash	and	short-term	deposits 22 	397,018	 	1,220,798	 	81	 	4,072	
	3,501,804	 	4,287,560	 	86	 	4,077	
Less:	Prepayments 	(544,405) 	(602,041) 	-	 	-	
	2,957,399	 	3,685,519	 	86	 	4,077	
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit	or	loss:
Derivative	financial	assets
-	Derivative	financial	assets 	62,466	 	43,342	 	-	 	-	
-	Trading	securities 	24	  22 	-	 	-	
-	Interest	rate	swaps 21 	2,072	 	-	 	-	 	-	
	64,562	 	43,364	 	-	 	-	
35. fInancIal Instruments (c Ont’d.) 
35.5 Interest rate risk
	 Interest	 rate	risk	is	the	risk	that	the	fair	value	or	future	cash	flows	of	the	Group’s	financial	instruments	will	fluctuate	
because of changes in market interest rates. 
	 The	Group	is	exposed	to	interest	rate	risk	primarily 	from	floating	rate	financial	liabilities.
	 The	 Group	manages	its	interest	rate	risk	by	having	a	mixed	portfolio	of	fixed	and	floating	rate	financial	liabilities	that	
is	consistent	with	the	interest	rates	profiles	acceptable	to	the	Group.	To	manage	this,	the	Group	enters	into	interest	
rate	swaps,	in	which	the	Group	agrees	to	exchange,	at	specified	intervals,	a	fixed	interest	rate	for 	floating	rates.
	 The	notional	principal	amounts	of 	the	outstanding	interest	rate	swaps	and	its	fair	value	are	disclosed	in	Note	21.1.
	 The	 Group’s	policy	in	dealing	with	interest-bearing	financial	liabilities	is	to	minimise	the	interest	expense	by	obtaining	
the	most	favourable	interest	rates	available.	A	difference	of	20	(2022:	20)	basis	points	in	interest	rates	applicable	for	
the	Group’s	entire	loans	and	borrowings	(excluding	lease	liabilities)	would	result	in	approximately	0.73%	(2022:	0.49%)	
variance	in	the	Group’s	profit	for	the	financial	year.
35.6 f air values
	 The	 management	assessed	that	the	fair	values	of	cash	and	short-term	deposits,	trade	and	other	receivables	and	trade	
and	other	payables	approximate	their	carrying	amounts	largely	due	to	the	short-term	maturities	of	these	instruments	
and	the	insignificant	impact	of	discounting.
	 The	 following	methods	and	assumptions	are	used	to	estimate	the	fair	values	of	the	following	classes	of	financial	
instruments:
 
(a) Loans and borrowings
	 The	 carrying	amounts	of	the	current	portion	of	loans	and	borrowings	are	reasonable	approximations	of	fair	
values	due	to	the	insignificant	impact	of	discounting.
	 The	 carrying	amounts	of	floating-rate	term	loan	and	term	financing-i	are	reasonable	approximations	of	fair	
values	as	they	are	floating	rate	instruments	that	are	re-priced	to	market	interest	rates	on	or	near	the	reporting	
date.
	 The	 fair	values	of	non-current	portion	of	borrowings	and	debt	securities	are	estimated	by	discounting	expected	
future	cash	flows	at	market	incremental	lending	rate	for	similar	types	of	borrowing,	debt	instruments	or	leasing	
arrangements	at	the	reporting	date.
(b) d erivative financial instruments
	 The	 fair	value	of	foreign	currency	forward	contracts	is	determined	using	quoted	forward	exchange	rates	at	the	
reporting	date.
	 The	 fair	value	of	interest	rate	swaps	is	calculated	as	the	present	value	of	the	estimated	future	cash	flows	based	
on observable yield curves.
	 The	 fair	value	of	the	convertible	warrants	in	an	associate	is	determined	using	the	Black	Scholes	Model	and	is	
sensitive	to	data	inputs	including	stock	price,	dividend	 yield	and	volatility.

---- Page 111 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
219
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
218
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
35. fInancIal Instruments (c Ont’d.) 
 
35.8 f air value measurement 
 
	 The	following	table	provides	the	fair 	value	measurement	hierarchy	of	the	Group’s	financial	assets	and	liabilities.	
 
 q uantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets/(liabilities) as at 31 d ecember 2023:
 
Fair value measurement using
note
 
 
 date of valuation 
 
 
 total 
 quoted 
 prices in 
 active 
 markets 
 (Level 1) 
 significant 
 observable 
 inputs
 (Level 2) 
 significant
 unobserv-
 able
 inputs
 (Level 3) 
  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000
Financial assets/
(liabilities) measured 
at fair value:
Unquoted equity 
investments:
-	Other	investment 18	 31 December 2023 	36	 	-	 	-	 	36	
Derivative	financial	
assets:
-	Convertible 
   warrants in an 
   associate 21 31 December 2023 	62,466	 	-	 	62,466	 	-	
-	Interest	rate	swaps 21 31 December 2023 	2,072	 	-	 	2,072	 	-	
-	Trading	securities 18	 31 December 2023 	24	 	24	 	-	 	-	
Derivative	financial	
liabilities:
-	Foreign	currency 
   forward contracts 21 31 December 2023 	(362) 	-	 	(362) 	-	
35. fInancIal Instruments (c Ont’d.)
35.7 classification (cont’d.)
	 The	carrying	amounts	of 	financial	instruments	under	each	category,	are	as	follows:	(cont’d.)
 Group Company
note  2023  2022  2023  2022 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
 Restated
financial liabilities
Financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	
profit	or	loss:
Derivative	financial	liabilities
-	Interest	rate	swaps 21 	-	 	2,024	 	-	 	-	
-	Foreign	currency	forward	contracts 21 	362	 	640	 	-	 	-	
 	362	 	2,664 	-	 	-
Other	financial	liabilities:
-	Banker’s	acceptance 23 	4,854	 	2,514	 	-	 	-	
-	Floating-rate	term	loans 23 	609,381	 	813,625	 	-	 	-	
-	Sukuk 23 	4,246,790	 	3,247,876	 	-	 	-	
-	Floating-rate	term	financing-i 23 	2,779,912	 	1,962,077	 	-	 	-	
-	Fixed-rate	term	financing 23 	444	 	647	 	-	 	-	
-	Fixed-rate	term	financing-i 23 	-	 	2,400,000	 	-	 	-	
-	Floating-rate	revolving	credit-i 23 	1,250	 	450,000	 	-	 	-	
-	Loan	from	a	subsidiary 23 	-	 	-	 	2,821,930	 	2,510,145	
-	Lease	liabilities 23 	5,354,328	 	6,009,936	 	-	 	-	
-	Trade	payables 26	 	588,403	 	502,244	 	-	 	-	
-	Other	payables 26	 	1,288,968	 	495,062	 	-	 	-	
-	Accruals 26	 	2,375,756	 	2,486,862	 	1,991	 	66,267	
-	Customer	deposits 26	 	43,753	 	37,793	 	-	 	-	
-	Amount	owing	to	subsidiaries 26	 	-	 	-	 	17,200	 	-	
	17,293,839	 	18,408,636	 	2,841,121	 	2,576,412	

---- Page 112 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
221
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
220
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
36. capItal management
	 The	essence	of 	the	Group’s	capital	management	strategy	is	to	support	its	long-term	strategic	ambitions	including:
 
(i)	 its	commitment	to	long-term	sustainable	dividend	policy;
(ii)	 its	financial	obligations	while	maintaining	its	financial	flexibility;	and
(iii) its ability to support its business requirements and enable future growth.
	 Going-forward,	 the	Group	will	continue	to	actively	manage	its	capital	structure	to	enhance	shareholders’	value	and	make	
adjustments	to	address	changes	in	the	economic	environment	and	its	business	risk	characteristics.	The	Group	had	during	
the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2009,	revised	its	minimum	dividend	pay-out	policy	to	at	least	80%	of	the	Company’s	
profit	for	the	financial	year,	and	dividend	payment	frequency.	The	dividend	policy	will	be	maintained	subject	to	on-going	
assessment,	and	based	on	the	availability	of	distributable	reserves	as	well	as	the	Group’s	future	cash	flow	requirements	and	
market	conditions.	These	revisions	and	any	other	revision	to	its	allocation	of	capital	resources	are	subject	to	the	approval	
of	the	board	of	directors.	No	changes	were	made	in	the	objectives,	policies	or	processes	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	
December 2023.
37. segmental Inf OrmatIOn
	 Segmental	 information	is	not	presented	as	the	Group	is	primarily	engaged	in	the	provision	of	mobile	communication	services	
and its related products in Malaysia.
38. prIOr year adjustment
	 In	 the	previous	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022,	the	Group	had	acquired	100%	equity	interest	in	Celcom	Berhad.	In	
accordance	with	MFRS	3:	Business	Combinations	(“MFRS	3”),	a	PPA	exercise	was	undertaken	to	determine	the	fair	values	of	the	
identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	at	the	date	of	acquisition,	and	the	PPA	exercise	has	been	finalised	during	the	financial	year.	
	 In	 addition,	the	additional	purchase	consideration	paid	by	the	Group	of	RM402.0	million	during	the	financial	year,	was	as	a	
result	of	the	additional	information	about	the	facts	and	circumstances	that	existed	at	the	date	of	acquisition	date,	therefore,	
it is treated as measurement period adjustment in accordance with MFRS 3.
	 As	a	result	of 	the	above,	certain	comparative	amounts	as	at	31	December 	2022	have	been	adjusted	as	disclosed	below:
Group
At 31 December 2022
 As previously
 reported  Adjustment  As restated 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
statement of financial position
Property,	plant	and	equipment 	6,408,848	 	(129,143) 	6,279,705	
Intangible assets 	18,694,727	 	564,743	 	19,259,470	
Right of use assets 	7,253,141	 	36,809	 	7,289,950	
Deferred	tax	liabilities 	1,730,623	 	(17,041) 	1,713,582	
Trade and other payables 	3,521,961	 	405,445	 	3,927,406	
Loans	and	borrowings	-	current 	4,139,288	 	(532) 	4,138,756	
Accumulated losses 	384,097	 	(84,537) 	299,560	
35. fInancIal Instruments (c Ont’d.) 
 
35.8 f air value measurement (cont’d.)
 
	 The	 following	table	provides	the	fair	value	measurement	hierarchy	of	the	Group’s	financial	assets	and	liabilities.	
(cont’d.)
 q uantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets/(liabilities) as at 31 d ecember 2022:
 
Fair value measurement using
note
 
 
 date of valuation 
 
 
 total 
 quoted 
 prices in 
 active 
 markets 
 (Level 1) 
 significant 
 observable 
 inputs
 (Level 2) 
 significant
 unobserv-
 able
 inputs
 (Level 3) 
  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000  rm’000
Financial assets/
(liabilities) measured 
at fair value:
Unquoted equity 
investments:
-	Other	investment 18	 31 December 2022 	78	 	-	 	-	 	78	
Derivative	financial	
assets:
-	Convertible 
   warrants in an 
   associate 21 31 December 2022 	43,342	 	-	 	43,342	 	-	
-	Trading	securities 18	 31 December 2022  22  22 	-	 	-	
Derivative	financial	
liabilities:
-	Interest	rate	swaps21 31 December 2022 	(2,024) 	-	 	(2,024) 	-	
-	Foreign	currency 
   forward contracts 21 31 December 2022 	(640) 	-	 	(640) 	-	
	 There	have	been	no	transfers	between	Level	2	and	Level	3	in	the	current	financial	 year	and	prior	financial	year.	
	 The	 fair	value	of	unquoted	equity	investment	is	categorised	as	Level	3	as	cost	was	estimated	to	be	an	appropriate	
measure	of	fair	value.	There	was	no	indicators	that	cost	might	not	be	representative	of 	fair	value.

---- Page 113 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
223
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
222
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
39. materIal lItIgatIOn (c Ont’d.)
(i) m ain suit 1: kuala lumpur high court suit no. d1-22-1960-2008 (cont’d.)
 c elcom berhad (“celcom”) and celcom resources berhad (“celcom resources”) vs tan sri dato’ tajudin bin ramli & 
7 Others - claim for damages for conspiracy – not quantifiable (cont’d.)
(b)	 pay 	all	sums	received	by	Telekom	Malaysia	Berhad	(“TM”)	and	Telekom	Enterprise	Sdn	Bhd	(“Telekom	Group”)	
from	dividends	and	other	payments	from	the	Plaintiffs	to	be	assessed;
(c)	 withdraw 	all	pending	suits	without	liberty	to	refile	and	no	order	as	to	costs;
(d)	 restraint	from	executing	judgment	procured	from	the	pending	suits;
(e)	 indemnify 	TSDTR	and	BR	against	all	liability,	payments,	loss	and	damages	incurred	or	suffered	as	a	consequence	
or	in	relation	to	the	pending	suits;
(f)	 punitive,	aggravated	and	exemplary 	damages	to	be	assessed	for	malicious	prosecution;
(g) interest and costs.
	 On	30	 June	2016,	the	German	Directors	and	DeTeAsia	filed	their	respective	defences.	
	 TM	 filed	an	application	to	intervene	in	the	Main	Suit	1	in	light	of	the	allegations	made	against	TM	in	TSDTR	and	BR’s	
counterclaim against Main Suit 1.
	 Following	 the	decision	of	the	Court	of	Appeal	on	4	May	2017	in	allowing	Telekom	Malaysia	Berhad’s	appeal	to	be	
added	as	a	defendant	to	TSDTR	and	BR’s	counterclaim,	TSDTR	and	BR	filed	an	application	to	amend	their	defence	and	
counterclaims	on	19	May	2017	which	was	dismissed	by	the	High	Court	on	29	June	2017.	
	 On	 24	July	2017,	TSDTR	and	BR	filed	an	appeal	to	the	Court	of	Appeal	and	that	the	same	was	dismissed	by	the	Court	
of	Appeal	on	8	December	2017	with	cost	of	RM1,000	to	the	Plaintiffs	and	RM5,000	to	Telekom.
	 TSDTR	 and	BR	filed	the	Notice	of	Motion	for	leave	to	appeal	to	the	Federal	Court	against	the	dismissal	of	the	Court	
of	Appeal’s	decision	dated	2	January	2018	and	the	same	has	been	dismissed	by	the	Federal	Court.
	 The	trial	in	the	High	Court	had	proceeded	commencing	from	22	 January	2018	up	until	8	October	2021.
	 On	 15	November	2021,	the	Plaintiffs	and	DeTeAsia	have	reached	an	amicable	settlement	without	any	admission	as	to	
liability	in	respect	of	this	Main	Suit	1.	The	Plaintiffs	have	discontinued	this	Main	Suit	1	with	no	order	as	to	costs	and	
without	liberty	to	file	afresh	against	AH,	OTA	and	DeTeAsia.
(ii) m ain suit 2: kuala lumpur high court suit no. d5-22-610-2006
 celcom and celcom resources vs tsdtr & 8 Others – (i) claim for indemnification of sums paid as a result of 
International chamber of commerce in paris (“Icc”) decision – rm791.6 million (ii) damages for breach of fiduciary 
duties – not quantifiable (iii) claim for unauthorised profits made by tsdtr – rm446.0 million
	 On	 28	April	2006,	Celcom	and	Celcom	Resources	(also	known	as	“the	Plaintiffs”)	instituted	a	claim	against	nine	(9)	of	
its	former	directors	(namely	(i)	TSDTR,	(ii)	BR,	(iii)	DLKY,	(iv)	Dieter	Sieber	(“DS”),	(v)	Frank-Reinhard	Bartsch	(“FRB”),	
(vi)	Joachim	Gronau,	(vii)	Joerg	Andreas	Boy	(“JAB”),	(viii)	AH,	and	(ix)	OTA,	(Defendants	named	in	items	(iv)	and	(ix)	
collectively	referred	to	as	the	“the	German	Directors”)	(collectively	referred	to	as	the	“the	Defendants”).
38. prIOr year adjustment (c Ont’d.)
	 As	 a	result	of	the	above,	certain	comparative	amounts	as	at	31	December	2022	have	been	adjusted	as	disclosed	below:	
(cont’d.)
Group
At 31 December 2022
 As previously
 reported  Adjustment  As restated 
 rm’000  rm’000  rm’000 
Statement of comprehensive income
Depreciation	expenses 	1,412,058	 	(111,498) 	1,300,560	
Amortisation	expenses 	97,334	 	266	 	97,600	
Profit	before	tax	and	zakat 	1,218,357	 	111,232	 	1,329,589	
Taxation	and	zakat 	454,688	 	26,695	 	481,383	
Profit	for	the	financial	year 	763,669	 	84,537	 	848,206	
	 The	 finalisation	of	the	PPA	exercise	did	not	have	an	impact	to	the	Group’s	statement	of	cash	flows	and	the	Company’s	
financial	statements	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022.
39. materIal lItIgatIOn
(i) m ain suit 1: kuala lumpur high court suit no. d1-22-1960-2008
 c elcom berhad (“celcom”) and celcom resources berhad (“celcom resources”) vs tan sri dato’ tajudin bin ramli & 
7 Others - claim for damages for conspiracy – not quantifiable
	 On	 24	October	2008,	Celcom	and	Celcom	Resources	(also	known	as	“the	Plaintiffs”)	commenced	proceedings	in	the	
High	Court	of	Malaya	in	Kuala	Lumpur	against	its	former	directors,	namely	(i)	Tan	Sri	Dato’	Tajudin	Ramli	(“TSDTR”),	
(ii)	Dato’	Bistamam	bin	Ramli	(“BR”),	(iii)	Dato’	Lim	Kheng	Yew	(“DLKY”),	(iv)	Axel	Hass	(“AH”),	and	(v)	Oliver	Tim	
Axmann	(“OTA”)	(the	Main	Suit	1	Defendants	named	in	items	(iv)	and	(v)	are	collectively	referred	to	as	the	“the	German	
Directors”),	as	well	as	(vi)	DeTeAsia	Holding	GmbH	(“DeTeAsia”)	and	(vii)	Beringin	Murni	Sdn.	Bhd.	(collectively	with	the	
German	Directors	referred	to	as	“the	Defendants”).
	 The	 Plaintiffs	are	seeking	damages	for	conspiracy.	The	Plaintiffs	claim	that	the	Defendants	wrongfully	and	unlawfully	
conspired	amongst	each	other	to	cause	financial	injury	to	the	Plaintiffs	by	causing	and/or	committing	the	Plaintiffs	
to	enter	into	the	Supplemental	Agreement	to	the	Subscription	Agreement	and	the	Management	Agreement	dated 
7	February	2002	(“2002	Supplemental	Agreement”)	and	the	Amended	and	Restated	Supplemental	Agreement	dated	
4	April	2002	with	DeTeAsia	(“the	ARSA”)	which	entitled	DeTeAsia	to	renounce	its	right	shares	in	Celcom	Resources.	
Consequently,	DeTeAsia	exercised	its	renunciation	of	certain	rights	issue	shares	in	favour	of	TSDTR	and	BR	at	a	
significantly	higher	price	than	the	prevailing	value	of	the	shares	at	that	time.
	 On	 23	June	2016,	TSDTR	and	BR,	filed	a	statement	of	defence	(“Defence	for	Main	Suit	1”)	and	counterclaim	against	
the	Plaintiffs	seeking	among	others:
(a)	 payment	 of	the	sum	of	RM6,246.5	million	or	alternatively	the	sum	of	RM7,214.9	million	together	with	interest,	
being	the	same	amount	claimed	by	TSDTR	in	a	separate	counterclaim	filed	in	the	Kuala	Lumpur	High	Court	
Suit	No.	D2-22-673-2006	(known	as	the	Danaharta	Suit)	which	was	subsequently	withdrawn	pursuant	to	a	
purported	global	settlement	agreement	which	did	not	include	the	Main	Suit	1	(“TSDTR	and	BR’s	Counterclaim	
against	Main	Suit	1”);

---- Page 114 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
225
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
224
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
39. materIal lItIgatIOn (c Ont’d.)
(ii) m ain suit 2: kuala lumpur high court suit no. d5-22-610-2006 (cont’d.)
 c elcom & another vs tsdtr & 8 Others – (i) claim for indemnification of sums paid as a result of Icc decision – 
rm791.6 million (ii) damages for breach of fiduciary duties – not quantifiable (iii) claim for unauthorised profits 
made by tsdtr – rm446.0 million (cont’d.)
(c)	 withdraw 	all	pending	suits	without	liberty	to	refile	and	no	order	as	to	costs;
(d)	 restraint	from	executing	judgment	procured	from	the	pending	suits;
(e)	 indemnify 	TSDTR	and	DBR	against	all	liability,	payments,	loss	and	damages	incurred;
(f)	 or 	suffered	as	a	consequence	or	in	relation	to	the	pending	suits;
(g)	 punitive,	aggravated	and	exemplary 	damages	to	be	assessed	for	malicious	prosecution;	and
(h) interest and costs.
	 On	30	 June	2016,	DS,	FRB,	JAB,	AH	and	OTA	served	their	Defence.
	 Following	 the	decision	of	the	Court	of	Appeal	on	4	May	2017	in	allowing	Telekom	Malaysia	Berhad’s	appeal	to	be	
added	as	a	defendant	to	TSDTR	and	BR’s	counterclaim,	TSDTR	and	BR	filed	an	application	to	amend	their	Defence	and	
Counterclaims	on	19	May	2017	which	was	dismissed	by	the	High	Court	on	29	June	2017.
	 On	 24	July	2017,	TSDTR	and	BR	filed	an	appeal	to	the	Court	of	Appeal	and	that	the	same	was	dismissed	by	the	Court	
of	Appeal	on	8	December	2017	with	cost	of	RM1,000	to	the	Plaintiffs	and	RM5,000	to	Telekom.
	 TSDTR	 and	DBR	filed	a	notice	of	motion	for	leave	to	appeal	to	the	Federal	Court	against	the	dismissal	of	the	Court	of	
Appeal’s	decision	dated	2	January	2018	and	the	same	has	been	dismissed	by	the	Federal	Court.
	 The	trial	in	the	High	Court	had	proceeded	commencing	from	22	 January	2018	up	until	8	October	2021.
 
	 On	 19	November	2021,	the	Plaintiffs	and	DeTeAsia	have	reached	an	amicable	settlement	without	any	admission	as	to	
liability	in	respect	of	this	suit.	The	Plaintiffs	have	discontinued	this	suit	with	no	order	as	to	costs	and	without	liberty	
to	file	afresh	against	DS,	FRB,	JAB,	AH	and	OTA.
 The hearing for oral submission for Main Suit 1 and Main Suit 2 was held on 13 December 2022. The judge handed his 
decision	on	10	February	2023.	The	High	Court	has	decided	Main	Suit	1	and	Main	Suit	2	in	favour	of	the	Plaintiffs	and	
dismissed TSDTR and DBR’s counterclaims in both suits with costs.
	 Following	 the	decision	of	the	High	Court	allowing	the	Plaintiffs’	claims	against	TSDTR	and	DBR,	and	dismissing	the	latter’s	
counterclaims	in	both	suits	with	costs,	the	High	Court	on	29	July	2023	entered	Judgment	against	TSDTR	and	DBR	in	the	Suits	
as	follows:
	 As	against	 TSDTR:	
(a)	 The	 sum	of	RM214,662,248.15	together	with	prejudgment	interest	at	the	rate	of	5%	per	annum	from	26	September	
1996	to	the	date	of	full	realisation.	
(b)	 The	 sum	of	RM231,375,892.94	together	with	prejudgment	interest	at	the	rate	of	5%	per	annum	from	23	May	2002	
to	the	date	of	full	realisation.	
39. materIal lItIgatIOn (c Ont’d.)
(ii) m ain suit 2: kuala lumpur high court suit no. d5-22-610-2006 (cont’d.)
 celcom and celcom resources vs tsdtr & 8 Others – (i) claim for indemnification of sums paid as a result of 
International chamber of commerce in paris (“Icc”) decision – rm791.6 million (ii) damages for breach of fiduciary 
duties – not quantifiable (iii) claim for unauthorised profits made by tsdtr – rm446.0 million (cont’d.)
	 The	 Plaintiffs	are	seeking	an	indemnification	against	the	Defendants,	for	the	sums	paid	by	Celcom	to	DeTeAsia	in	
satisfaction	of	the	award	granted	in	2	August	2005	(“Award”)	by	the	Tribunal	of	the	ICC	alleging	that	the	Defendants	
had	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	by	causing	the	Plaintiffs	to	enter	into	a	Subscription	Agreement	dated	25	June	
1996	with	Deutsche	Telekom	AG	(“the	Subscription	Agreement”)	and	the	ARSA	dated	4	April	2002	between	DeTeAsia	
and	the	Plaintiffs.	The	defendants	were	inter	alia,	directors	of	the	Plaintiffs	at	time	of	entry	into	the	Subscription	
Agreement and the ARSA.
	 In	 addition,	the	Plaintiffs	have	also	made	a	claim	against	TSDTR	only,	for	the	return	of	the	alleged	unauthorised	profits	
made	by	him,	all	monies	received	by	the	directors	arising	out	of	such	breaches,	losses	and	damages	in	connection	with	
the	abovementioned	agreements.
	 In	summary,	the	Plaintiffs	are	seeking	the	following:
(a)	 A 	declaration	that	the	Defendants	have	acted	in	breach	of	their	fiduciary	duties	and	are	liable	to	indemnify	
Celcom	in	relation	to	the	sums	paid	out	to	DeTeAsia	pursuant	to	the	Award	where	the	ICC	found	Celcom	to	be	
liable	for	the	following:
(i)	 The	 sum	of	USD177.2	million	(RM715.4	million)	being	the	principal	sum	plus	USD16.3	million	(RM65.6	
million)	representing	interest	at	the	rate	of	8%	for	the	period	from	16	October	2002	to	27	June	2003;
(ii)	 The	cost	of 	arbitration	amounting	to	USD0.8	million	(RM3.3	million);	and
(iii)	 The	sum	of 	USD1.8	million	(RM7.3	million)	representing	the	legal	costs.
(b)	 Damages	 for	various	breaches	of	fiduciary	duties	committed	by	them	in	relation	to	the	entry	into	the	Subscription	
Agreement	and	the	ARSA;	and
(c)	 The	unauthorised	profits	claimed	to	have	been	made	by 	TSDTR,	amounting	to	RM446.0	million.
	 On	 23	June	2016,	TSDTR	and	BR	served	their	defence	and	counterclaim.	In	the	defence	and	counterclaim,	TSDTR	and	
BR	are	seeking,	among	others,	the	following	relief 	from	the	Plaintiffs:
(a)	 pay 	the	sum	of	RM6,246.5	million	or	alternatively	the	sum	of	RM7,214.9	million	together	with	interest,	being	
the	amount	claim	by	TSDTR	in	his	counterclaim	in	Kuala	Lumpur	High	Court	Suit	No:	D2-22-673-2006	which	
was	withdrawn	pursuant	to	a	global	settlement;
(b)	 pay 	all	sums	received	by	Telekom	Malaysia	Berhad	and	Telekom	Enterprise	Sdn	Bhd	(“Telekom	Group”)	from	
dividends	and	other	payments	from	the	Plaintiffs	to	be	assessed;

---- Page 115 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
227
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
226
Who We Are
Notes to the Financial Statements
-	31	December	2023
Independent Assurance Report
tO bOARD OF DiReCtORS, StAKehOLDeRS, AnD inteReSteD PARtieS,
SIRIM	QAS	International	 Sdn.	Bhd.	was	engaged	by	CelcomDigi	Berhad	(hereafter	referred	to	as	CelcomDigi)	to	perform	
an	 independent	 verification	 and	 provide	 assurance	 of	 selected	 sustainable	 performance	 information	 (subject	 matter)	 for	 
CelcomDigi	sustainability	reporting	2023.	The	main	objective	of	the	verification	process	is	to	provide	assurance	to	CelcomDigi	and	
its	stakeholders	on	the	accuracy	and	reliability	of	the	information	as	presented	in	this	statement.	The	verification	by	SIRIM	QAS	
International	applied	to	selected	sustainable	performance	information	(subject	matter)	within	the	assurance	scope	which	is	included	
in CelcomDigi Integrated Annual Report 2023.
The	management	of	CelcomDigi	was	responsible	for	the	preparation	of	the	Integrated	Annual	Report.	The	objective	and	impartiality	
of	this	statement	is	assured	as	no	member	of	the	verification	team	and	no	other	employee	of	SIRIM	QAS	International	was	involved	
in	the	preparation	of	any	part	of	the	CelcomDigi’s	Integrated	Annual	Report	2023.
The	assurance	engagement	was	designed	to	provide	limited	assurance	in	accordance	with	the	International	Standard	on	Assurance	
Engagements	(ISAE)	3000,	Assurance	Engagements	other	than	Audits	or	Reviews	of	Historical	Financial	Information,	and	BURSA	
Sustainability	Reporting	Guide,	irrespective	of	the	organization’s	ability	to	achieve	its	objectives,	targets	or	expectations	on	their	
subject	matter	and	sustainability-related	issues.	The	assurance	process	involves	verification	of	these	selected	subject	matter.	Details	
are	provided	in	Appendix	1	of	this	statement.
sustainable performance Indicator (subject matter) value
Customer	Satisfaction	Scores	(CSAT)	(%) 69.7%
Lost	time	injury	frequency	(LTIF)	score	(limited	to	permanent	and	contract	employees)	(No.) 0.14
(for every 1 million worked hours)
Total	Scope	1	GHG	emissions	(tCO2e) 53,670.04	tCO2e
Total	Scope	2	GHG	emissions	(tCO2e) 467,840.18	tCO2e
Total	Energy	consumption	within	the	group	(GWh) 913.49	GWh
Number	of	new	suppliers	signing	CelcomDigi’s	Agreement	of	Business	Conduct,	ABC	(No.) 242
Employees online learning hours (hrs) Total	 :	65,404	hours
Average	:	14.1	hours	per	employee
Employee	receiving	training	on	anti-corruption	(%) 100%
Community	Impact	Programme	(Number	of	Future	Skills	for	All	(FS4)	enrolment) 44,856
The	verification	was	carried	out	by	SIRIM	QAS	International	in	February	and	April	2024,	with	the	following	methodologies:
•	 Reviewing	and	 verifying	the	traceability,	consistency	and	accuracy	of	information	collected	from	various	sources;	internal	and	
external	documentation	which	are	made	available	during	the	conduct	of	assessment.
•	 Verification	of 	data	presented	in	the	Integrated	Annual	Report	includes	a	detailed	review	of	the	sampled	data.
•	 Interviewing	key 	personnel	responsible	for	collating	information	and	writing	various	parts	of	the	report	to	substantiate	the	
veracity of the claims.
 
39. materIal lItIgatIOn (c Ont’d.)
As	against	TSDTR	and	DBR:	
(a)	 The	 sum	of	USD232,000,000.00	together	with	prejudgment	interest	at	the	rate	of	5%	per	annum	from	27	January	
2006	to	the	date	of	full	realisation.	
 
(b)	 Costs	of 	RM2,621,500.00.
	 Axiata	 Group	Berhad	(“Axiata”)	and	CelcomDigi	Berhad	have	agreed	in	the	SPA	that	if	the	Plaintiffs	are	unsuccessful	in	
defending	the	two	(2)	counterclaims	in	Main	Suit	1	and	Main	Suit	2,	Axiata	shall	indemnify	the	Group	and	pay	when	demanded,	
any	losses	incurred	(but	excluding	certain	non-direct	losses)	or	any	money	or	other	consideration	which	may	have	to	be	
provided	by	any	member	of	the	Group	resulting	out	of	or	arising	from	the	Main	Suit	1	and	Main	Suit	2	(“TSDTR	Indemnity”).	
The	TSDTR	Indemnity	is	uncapped	in	terms	of	quantum	and	time.
	 In	 the	event	that	the	Group	receives	any	proceeds	from	both	suits,	the	Group	shall	as	soon	as	reasonably	practicable,	pay	an	
amount	equal	to	such	proceeds	to	Axiata.
	 On	 29th	November	2023,	Celcom,	Celcom	Resources,	TSDTR	and	DBR	reached	an	amicable	settlement	in	respect	of	the	
Judgments entered in Main Suit 1 and Main Suit 2.
	 Consequently,	 this	case	has	been	concluded	as	resolved	as	of	31	December	2023,	and	no	financial	impacts	were	required	to	
be recognised.
40. a uthOrIsatIOn Of fInancIal statements fOr Issue
	 The	 financial	statements	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023	were	authorised	for	issue	in	accordance	with	a	
resolution	of	the	directors	on	15	March	2024.

---- Page 116 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
229
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
228
Who We Are
List of Top 10 Properties
as at 31 December 2023
no. location tenure
description / 
existing use
Date of 
acquisition Area
Approximate 
Age of 
building 
(years)
net book 
value as at 
31.12.2023 
RM'000
1 Lot	10,	Jalan	Delima	1/1,	
Subang	Hi-Tech	Industrial	Park,
40000	Shah	Alam,	Selangor.
Freehold Land with a 
building	/	office
19.07.2001 284,485	sq	ft 14 	61,668	
2 Lot	43,	Jalan	Delima	1/1,	
Subang	Hi-Tech	Industrial	Park,
40000	Shah	Alam,	Selangor.
Freehold Land	with	a	building	/	
telecommunications	
operation	centre
06.04.2008	
(Title 
transferred 
date)
92,142	sq	ft 10 	57,678	
3 Lot	74,	Section	13,	Jalan	Kemajuan,
46200	Petaling	Jaya,	Selangor.
Leasehold 
99 years 
(expiring	in	2065)
Land with a 
building	/	network	office
23.03.1998 47,179	sq	ft 27 	33,668	
4 Lot	44651,	Bandar	Sri	Manjalara,	
Mukim	Batu,	Kuala	Lumpur.
Leasehold 
99 years
(expiring	in	2077)
Land with a 
building,	tower	and	
cabins	/	network	
operation	centre
31.12.2003 47,889	sq	ft 23 	10,965	
5 Lot	42,	Jalan	Delima	1/1,	
Subang	Hi-Tech	Industrial	Park,
40000	Shah	Alam,	Selangor.
Freehold Parking lot 28.04.2008	
(Title 
transferred 
date)
91,676	sq	ft Not 
Applicable
	8,234	
6 No.	2,	Jln	5/89A,	Off	Jalan	Sekilau,	
Cheras,	Kuala	Lumpur.
Leasehold 
85	years
(expiring	in	2085)
Land with a 
building	/	network	office
23.05.1997 5,619	sq	ft 24 	6,918	
7 Lot	44650,	Off	Jalan	2/2b,
Bandar	Sri	Manjalara,	
Mukim	Batu,	Kuala	Lumpur.
Leasehold 
99 years
(expiring	in	2077)
Land with a 
building	/	network	
operation	centre
23.05.1997 37,448	sq	ft 23 	5,915	
8 H.S.(D)	12776,	P.T.	No.	15866,	
Mukim	Bentong,	
District	of	Bentong,	Pahang.
Leasehold 
99 years
(expiring	in	2091)
Land with a 
building	/	earth	station	
complex
07.08.1996 7.5	acres 26 	4,698	
9 Lot	3943	to	3948,	
Lorong	Perda	Utama	10,	
Bandar	Baru	Perda,	Mukim	6,	
Seberang	Perai	Tengah,	
Pulau Pinang.
Freehold Land with a 
building	/	network	
operation	centre
16.10.1996 13,014	sq	ft 27 	4,466	
10 No.	7,	Section	1,	Bandar	Indera	
Mahkota	Industrial	Zone,	
Kuantan,	Pahang.
Leasehold 
66	years
(expiring	in	2058)
Land with a 
building	/	network	
operation	centre
23.05.1997 87,145	sq	ft 25 	4,326	
Independent Assurance Report
The	verification	process	was	subjected	to	the	following	limitations:
•	 The	scope	of 	work	did	not	involve	verification	of	other	information	reported	in	CelcomDigi	Integrated	Annual	Report	2023.
•	 The	corporate	office	of 	CelcomDigi,	at	Menara	CelcomDigi,	Petaling	Jaya,	was	visited	as	part	of	this	assurance	engagement.	
The	verification	process	did	not	include	physical	inspections	of 	any	of	CelcomDigi’s	buildings,	and	call	centers.	And,
•	 The	 verification	team	did	not	verify	any	contractor	or	third-party	data.
COnCLuSiOn
SIRIM	QAS	International,	a	Conformity	Assessment	Body	in	Malaysia,	is	accredited	to	both	ISO/IEC	17021-1:2015	and	ISO/IEC	
17065:2012	covering	all	our	operational	activities.	The	appointed	assessors	performing	the	assurance	engagement	were	selected	
appropriately	based	on	our	internal	qualifications,	training	and	experience.	The	verification	process	is	reviewed	by	management	to	
ensure	that	the	approach	and	assurance	are	strictly	followed	and	operated	transparently.	During	the	verification	process,	issues	
were	raised,	and	clarifications	were	sought	from	the	management	of	CelcomDigi	relating	to	the	accuracy	of	some	of	the	information	
contained	in	the	report.	In	response	to	the	raised	findings,	the	final	value	of	the	selected	subject	matters	was	subsequently	reviewed	
and	revised	by	CelcomDigi.	It	is	confirmed	that	changes	that	have	been	incorporated	into	the	final	version	of	the	report	have	
satisfactorily	addressed	all	issues.	Based	on	the	scope	of	the	assessment	process	and	evidence	obtained,	nothing	has	come	to	our	
attention	that	causes	us	to	believe	that	CelcomDigi	has	not	complied,	in	all	material	respects,	with	the	referred	assurance	standard	
and	guide.	The	following	represents	SIRIM	QAS	International’s	opinion:
•	 The	level	of 	data	accuracy	for	the	selected	subject	matters	is	fairly	stated;
•	 The	level	of 	disclosure	of	the	selected	subject	matters	presented	in	the	report	 was	found	to	be	properly	prepared;
•	 The	personnel	responsible	 were	able	to	demonstrate	the	origin(s)	and	interpretation	of 	data	contained	in	the	report.
List of Assessors.
1)	 Ms.	 Aernida	Abdul	Kadir		 :	 Team	Leader
2)	 Ms.	Suzalina	Kamaralarifin	 :	 Team	Member
4)	 Ms.	Farhanah	 Ahmad	Shah	 :	 Team	Member
Statement	Prepared	by:	 	 	 	 	 Statement	 Approved	by:
aernIda bIntI abdul kadIr    t s. md adha bIn rahmat
Team	Leader	 	 	 	 	 	 Senior 	General	Manager
Management	System	Certification	Department	 	 Management	System	Certification	Department
SIRIM	QAS	International	Sdn.	Bhd.		 	 	 SIRIM	QAS	International	Sdn.	Bhd
Date:	2	April	2024	 	 	 	 	 Date:	4	 April	2024
Note	1:	This	Independent	Assurance	Statement	has	been	issued	based	on	the	content	verified	prior	to	the	approval	date.	SIRIM	QAS	International	
Sdn	Bhd	does	not	express	an	opinion	on,	nor	guarantees	the	integrity	and/or	accuracy	of	the	information	provided	with	the	view	that	the	conclusion	
was	conducted	post	verification	assessment,	hence	not	verified.	SIRIM	QAS	International	shall	not	be	responsible	for	any	changes	or	additions	made	
after	the	referred	date	for	the	specific	parameter	boundary	(23	February	&	2	April	2024).


---- Page 117 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
231
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
230
Who We Are
CelcomDigi 
Group with 
the following 
related parties
CelcomDigi 
and/or its
subsidiary
companies
nature of transaction undertaken 
by/provided to CelcomDigi and/or its 
subsidiaries
Sales of 
goods and 
services during 
the financial year 
(rm’000)
Purchase of 
goods and 
services during 
the financial year 
(rm’000)
Axiata Group of Companies
Axiata	Group CelcomDigi	Group International	interconnect	and	roaming	
services
731 15,681
Leased	line/bandwidth	leasing	expense - 92,566
Commission fees on content related services 24,663 -
International	SMS	revenue 7,395 -
Content	related	expense - 2,529
Managed	services	including	marketing	and	
collection	related	cost
403 11,746
Infrastructure leasing and related services - 691,986
IT related services 977 7,465
Mobile virtual network operator related 
revenue
205,392 -
Site infrastructure lease income 5,455 -
License and trademarks - 9,000
Provision	of	telecommunication	services 8,285 704
total 253,301 831,677
Khazanah Group of Companies
Khazanah	Group CelcomDigi	Group Cloud	based	software	infrastructure	services 49,073 -
Leased	line/bandwidth	leasing	expense 1,632 1,832
Infrastructure leasing and related services - 1,850
Provision	of	telecommunication	services	 9,587 -
total 60,292 3,682
Digital nasional berhad (Dnb)
DNB CelcomDigi	Group Site infrastructure lease income 8,882 -
Provision	of	5G	services - 15,512
total 8,882 15,512
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party TransactionsDisclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions
At	the	Annual	General	Meeting	(AGM)	held	on	23	May	2023,	the	Company	obtained	a	shareholders’	mandate	to	allow	the	Group	to	
enter	into	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of	revenue	or	trading	nature.
In	accordance	with	Practice	Note	12	of	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	(MMLR)	of	Bursa	Securities,	the	details	of	recurrent	
related	party	transactions	conducted	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023	pursuant	to	the	shareholders’	mandate	are	
disclosed	as	follows:-	
CelcomDigi 
Group with 
the following 
related parties
CelcomDigi 
and/or its
subsidiary
companies
nature of transaction undertaken 
by/provided to CelcomDigi and/or its 
subsidiaries
Sales of 
goods and 
services during 
the financial year 
(rm’000)
Purchase of 
goods and 
services during 
the financial year 
(rm’000)
telenor Group of Companies
Telenor	Group CelcomDigi	Group Business	service	costs,	which	include	
consultancy,	training	programmes,	and	
advisory fees 
- 1,687
International	Accounting	Settlement.	
This refers to an arrangement for 
interconnection	services	on	international	
traffic	between	foreign	carriers
17,745 12,228
International	Roaming 1,002 2,351
IP	Transit	(Internet	Upstream)	expense - 215
Global	connectivity	services	and	common	
services cost
- 1,341
Services rendered on Enterprise Resource 
Planning	and	enterprise	applications
- 695
License and trademarks - 8,998
Managed Services - 60,598
Cloud	based	software	infrastructure	
services
- 7,599
Business Security cost - 6,595
Bandwidth leasing 6,726 4,313
total 25,473 106,620

---- Page 118 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
233
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
232
Who We Are
CelcomDigi 
Group with 
the following 
related parties
CelcomDigi 
and/or its
subsidiary
companies
nature of transaction undertaken 
by/provided to CelcomDigi and/or its 
subsidiaries
Sales of 
goods and 
services during 
the financial year 
(rm’000)
Purchase of 
goods and 
services during 
the financial year 
(rm’000)
telekom Malaysia (tM) Group of Companies
TM	Group CelcomDigi	Group International	interconnect	and	roaming	
services
- 767
Leased	line/bandwidth	leasing	expense 1,680 232,834
Domestic	interconnect	and	roaming	services 20,274 6,825
Infrastructure leasing and related services 7,122 16,718
Provision	of	telecommunication	services 14,706 -
total 43,782 257,144
tOtAL 391,730 1,214,635
Notes: 
Nature	of	the	relationship	of	the	related	parties	are	as	follows:
a.	 Telenor 	Group	refers	to	Telenor	ASA	and	its	subsidiaries.	Telenor	ASA,	through	its	indirect	wholly	owned	subsidiary,	Telenor	Malaysia	
Investments	Pte	Ltd,	is	an	indirect	major	shareholder	of	CelcomDigi.
b.	 Axiata	Group	refers	to	 Axiata	Group	Berhad	and	its	subsidiaries.	Axiata	Group	Berhad	is	a	major	shareholder	of	CelcomDigi.
c.	 Khazanah	 Group	refers	to	Khazanah	Nasional	Berhad	(Khazanah),	its	subsidiaries	and	other	related	entities.	Khazanah	is	a	major	shareholder	
of	Axiata	Group	Berhad	and	an	indirect	major	shareholder	of	CelcomDigi.
d.	 DNB	 is	connected	to	CelcomDigi	due	to	Khazanah,	which	is	an	indirect	major	shareholder	of	CelcomDigi	and	a	person	connected	to	DNB	as	
Minister of Finance (Incorporated) is the holding company of DNB and Khazanah.
e.	 TM	 Group	refers	to	Telekom	Malaysia	Berhad	and	its	subsidiaries.	Telekom	Malaysia	Berhad	is	connected	to	CelcomDigi	due	to	Khazanah,	
which	is	an	indirect	major	shareholder	of	CelcomDigi	and	a	major	shareholder	of	TM	Group.
Disclosure of Recurrent Related Party Transactions Share Price Development
Share Price Development in 2023RM
5.0 35
4.0
30
3.0
25
2.0
20
1.0
Jan-23 Feb-23 Mar-23 Apr-23 May-23 Jun-23 Jul-23 Aug-23 Sep-23 Oct-23 Nov-23 Dec-23
15
10
5
0.0 0
volume 
(Mil)Volume Share Price
1q23 2q23 3q23 4q23
Low (RM) 3.84 4.11 4.05 4.06
high (RM) 4.47 4.57 4.50 4.38
Average (RM) 4.20 4.37 4.36 4.22
volume (‘bil) 241.3 238.7 130.3 179.1
Average Daily volume (‘mil) 4.0 4.0 2.1 2.8
historical Monthly Foreign Shareholdings
Our	foreign	shareholdings	were	lower	in	comparison	to	the	trend	a	year	ago,	as	the	shareholdings	decreased	from	an	average	of	
10.0%	in	2022	to	7.5%	in	2023,	following	the	merger	completion	in	which	3.9	billion	of	new	shares	were	issued	as	part	of	the	
consideration	for	the	merger	transaction.	Nonetheless,	the	foreign	shareholdings	were	on	an	increasing	trend	throughout	the	year	
from	7.1%	to	7.7%,	a	testament	of	investors	confidence	on	our	financial	strength	and	operational	excellence.	
Foreign Shareholdings
7.1% 7.3% 7.2% 7.3%
7.6% 7.7% 7.7% 7.7% 7.7% 7.7% 7.7%7.8%
Jan-23 Feb-23 Mar-23 Apr-23 May-23 Jun-23 Jul-23 Aug-23 Sep-23 Oct-23 Nov-23 Dec-23

---- Page 119 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
235
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
234
Who We Are
Analysis of Shareholdings
Statistics	on	shareholdings	as	at	15	March	2024
Total number of Issued Shares :	11,731,507,988
Class	of	Equity	Securities :	Ordinary	Share	(“Share”)
Voting	Rights :	One	vote	per	share
 
AnALySiS by SiZe OF hOLDinGS AS At 15 MARCh 2024
 
Size of holdings
no. of 
holders % 
no. of 
Shares % 
1-99 1,173 4.819 11,740 0.000
100-1,000 10,974 45.084 6,189,075 0.053
1,001-10,000 9,719 39.929 39,022,428 0.332
10,001-100,000 1,806 7.420 49,291,952 0.420
100,001-586,575,398	(*) 665 2.732 2,532,561,340 21.588
586,575,399	and	above	(**) 4 0.016 9,104,431,453 77.607
Total 24,341 100.000 11,731,507,988 100.000
 
remarks: 
*	 Less	than	5%	of 	issued	shares	
**	 5%	and	above	of 	issued	shares	
 
 
SubStAntiAL ShARehOLDeRS AS PeR the ReGiSteR OF SubStAntiAL ShARehOLDeRS AS At 15 MARCh 2024
 
number of Shares
substantial shareholders Direct interest % Deemed interest %
Axiata	Group	Berhad 3,883,129,144 33.100 - -
Telenor Malaysia Investments Pte Ltd 3,883,129,144 33.100 - -
Telenor South East Asia Investment Pte Ltd - - 3,883,129,144	(a) 33.100
Telenor Asia Holdings AS - - 3,883,129,144	(b) 33.100
Telenor Mobile Holding AS - - 3,883,129,144	(c) 33.100
Telenor ASA - - 3,883,129,144	(d) 33.100
Khazanah Nasional Berhad - - 3,883,129,144	(e) 33.100
Employees Provident Fund Board 1,155,987,790 9.854 - -
AmanahRaya	Trustees	Berhad	-	Amanah	Saham	
Bumiputera
600,797,000 5.121 - -
 
remarks:  
(a)	 Deemed	 interested	by	virtue	of	its	100%	interest	in	Telenor	Malaysia	Investments	Pte	Ltd	pursuant	to	Section	8(4)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016
(b)	 Deemed	 interested	by	virtue	of	its	100%	interest	in	Telenor	South	East	Asia	Investment	Pte	Ltd	which	has	100%	interest	in	Telenor	Malaysia	
Investments	Pte	Ltd	pursuant	to	Section	8(4)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016
(c)	 Deemed	 interested	by	virtue	of	its	100%	interest	in	Telenor	Asia	Holdings	AS	which	has	100%	interest	in	Telenor	South	East	Asia	Investment	
Pte	Ltd,	which	in	turn	has	100%	interest	in	Telenor	Malaysia	Investments	Pte	Ltd	pursuant	to	Section	8(4)	of 	the	Companies	Act	2016
(d)	 Deemed	 interested	by	virtue	of	its	100%	interest	in	Telenor	Mobile	Holding	AS	which	has	100%	interest	in	Telenor	Asia	Holdings	AS	which	has	
100%	interest	in	Telenor	South	East	Asia	Investment	Pte	Ltd,	which	in	turn	has	100%	interest	in	Telenor	Malaysia	Investments	Pte	Ltd	pursuant	
to	Section	8(4)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016
(e)	 Deemed	 to	have	interest	pursuant	to	Section	8	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	through	its	associate,	Axiata	Group	Berhad,	which	is	a	substantial	
shareholder of CelcomDigi Berhad
number of Shares
Direct 
interest %
Deemed 
interest %
Directors
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz - - - -
Haakon Bruaset Kjoel - - - -
Vivek Sood - - - -
Rita Skjaervik - - - -
Dr	Shridhir	Sariputta	Hansa	Wijayasuriya - - - -
Kasper	Wold	Kaarbø - - - -
Tan Sri Abdul Farid Alias - - - -
Vimala V.R. Menon - - - -
Datuk Iain John Lo - - - -
Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed - - - -
Chief Executive Officer
Datuk Mohamad Idham Nawawi 2,000 negligible - -
Deputy Chief Executive Officer
Albern Murty 4,600 negligible - -
Statement of Directors’ and 
Chief Executives' Shareholdings
AS At 15 MARCh 2024

---- Page 120 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
237
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
236
Who We Are
List of 30 Largest Shareholders
As	at	15	March	2024
name of Shareholders no. of shares %
1 AXIATA	GROUP	BERHAD 3,883,129,144 33.099
2 CITIGROUP	NOMINEES	(ASING)	SDN	BHD
TELENOR	MALAYSIA	INVESTMENTS	PTE	LTD	
3,883,129,144 33.099
3 CITIGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
EMPLOYEES	PROVIDENT	FUND	BOARD
737,375,565 6.285
4 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM BUMIPUTERA
600,797,600 5.121
5 CITIGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
EMPLOYEES	PROVIDENT	FUND	BOARD	(ISLAMIC)
319,459,335 2.723
6 KUMPULAN	WANG	PERSARAAN	(DIPERBADANKAN) 286,009,522 2.437
7 CARTABAN	NOMINEES	(ASING)	SDN	BHD
EXEMPT	AN	FOR	STATE	STREET	BANK	&	TRUST	COMPANY	(WEST	CLT	OD67)
79,781,383 0.680
8 LEMBAGA	TABUNG	HAJI 68,722,150 0.585
9 CITIGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
URUSHARTA JAMAAH SDN. BHD. (1)
64,129,460 0.546
10 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH	SAHAM	MALAYSIA	2	-	WAWASAN
62,600,000 0.533
11 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM BUMIPUTERA 2
62,000,000 0.528
12 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM MALAYSIA 3
56,765,800 0.483
13 CARTABAN	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
PAMB	FOR	PRULINK	EQUITY	FUND
55,288,800 0.471
14 HSBC	NOMINEES	(ASING)	SDN	BHD
JPMCB	NA	FOR	VANGUARD	TOTAL	INTERNATIONAL	STOCK	INDEX	FUND
53,741,080 0.458
15 HSBC	NOMINEES	(ASING)	SDN	BHD
JPMCB	NA	FOR	VANGUARD	EMERGING	MARKETS	STOCK	INDEX	FUND
53,675,033 0.457
16 MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
MAYBANK	TRUSTEES	BERHAD	FOR	PUBLIC	ITTIKAL	FUND	(N14011970240)
48,500,000 0.413
17 MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
MAYBANK	TRUSTEES	BERHAD	FOR	PUBLIC	REGULAR	SAVINGS	FUND	
(N14011940100)
43,653,700 0.372
18 CARTABAN	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
PRUDENTIAL	ASSURANCE	MALAYSIA	BERHAD	FOR	PRULINK	STRATEGIC	FUND	
36,880,000 0.314
19 AHMAD SEBI BIN BAKAR 35,630,530 0.303
20 CITIGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
GREAT	EASTERN	LIFE	ASSURANCE	(MALAYSIA)	BERHAD	(PAR	1)
32,271,800 0.275
21 CITIGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
EXEMPT	AN	FOR	AIA	BHD	
32,208,714 0.274
22 CITIGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
EMPLOYEES	PROVIDENT	FUND	BOARD	(NOMURA)	
32,012,090 0.272
23 CITIGROUP	NOMINEES	(ASING)	SDN	BHD
CB	SPORE	GW	FOR	GOVERNMENT	OF	SINGAPORE	(GIC	C)	
29,821,272 0.254
name of Shareholders no. of shares %
24 CITIGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN	BHD
EMPLOYEES	PROVIDENT	FUND	BOARD	(CGS	CIMB)	
29,328,000 0.249
25 HSBC	NOMINEES	(ASING)	SDN	BHD
JPMCB	NA	FOR	VANGUARD	FIDUCIARY	TRUST	COMPANY	INSTITUTIONAL	TOTAL	
INTERNATIONAL	STOCK	MARKET	INDEX	TRUST	II
26,078,600 0.222
26 CARTABAN	NOMINEES	(ASING)	SDN	BHD
BNYM	SA/NV	FOR	PEOPLE'S	BANK	OF	CHINA	(SICL	ASIA	EM)
25,728,900 0.219
27 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
PUBLIC	ITTIKAL	SEQUEL	FUND	
25,258,300 0.215
28 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH	SAHAM	BUMIPUTERA	3-DIDIK	
21,664,200 0.184
29 CARTABAN	NOMINEES	(ASING)	SDN	BHD
BBH	CO	BOSTON	FOR	FIDELITY	SALEM	STREET	TRUST	-	FIDELITY	SAI	EMERGING	
MARKETS	LOW	VOLATILITY	INDEX	FUND		
20,873,400 0.177
30 HSBC	NOMINEES	(ASING)	SDN	BHD
JPMCB	NA	FOR	BLACKROCK	INSTITUTIONAL	TRUST	COMPANY,	N.A.	INVESTMENT	
FUNDS	FOR	EMPLOYEE	BENEFITS	TRUSTS	
20,706,900 0.176
List of 30 Largest Shareholders
As	at	15	March	2024

---- Page 121 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
239
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
238
Who We Are
Corporate Information
tengku dato’ sri azmil Zahruddin 
Raja Abdul Aziz
Chair, Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
 
haakon bruaset Kjoel
Deputy Chair, Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
vivek Sood
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Rita Skjaervik
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
dr shridhir sariputta hansa 
Wijayasuriya
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Kasper Wold Kaarbø
Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director
tan Sri Abdul Farid Alias
Independent Non-Executive Director
vimala v.r. menon
Independent Non-Executive Director
Datuk iain John Lo
Independent Non-Executive Director
khatijah shah mohamed
Independent Non-Executive Director
bOARD OF DiReCtORS bOARD AuDit COMMittee
tan Sri Abdul Farid Alias
Chair
khatijah shah mohamed
Member
vimala v.r. menon
Member
bOARD GOveRnAnCe AnD RiSK 
MAnAGeMent COMMittee
vivek Sood
Chair
haakon bruaset Kjoel
Member
khatijah shah mohamed
Member
Datuk iain John Lo
Member
bOARD nOMinAtiOn AnD 
ReMuneRAtiOn COMMittee
Datuk iain John Lo
Chair
tan Sri Abdul Farid Alias
Member
vimala v.r. menon
Member
SeCRetARieS
Choo	Mun	Lai	(MAICSA	No.	7039980)
(SSM	PC	No.	201908001003)
Tai	Yit	Chan	(MAICSA	No.	7009143)
(SSM	PC	No.	202008001023)
DOMiCiLe AnD COuntRy OF 
inCORPORAtiOn
Malaysia
ReGiSteReD OFFiCe
Level	30,	Menara	CelcomDigi
No.	6,	Persiaran	Barat
Seksyen	52,	46200	Petaling	Jaya
Selangor
Malaysia
Tel	 :	03-7200	2222	
Fax	 :	N/A
inveStOR ReLAtiOnS
Tel	 :	019-601	1111
E-mail	:	invesrel@celcomdigi.com
WebSite
www.celcomdigi.com
ShARe ReGiStRAR
tricor investor & issuing house Services 
Sdn bhd
(Registration	No.	197101000970)	
(11324-H)
Unit	32-01,	Level	32,	Tower	A
Vertical	Business	Suite,	Avenue	3
Bangsar South
No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi
59200	Kuala	Lumpur
Malaysia
Tel	 :	03-2783	9299	
Fax	 :	03-2783	9222
E-mail	:	is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com
Web	 :	www.tricorglobal.com
tricor Customer Service Centre
Unit	G-3,	Ground	Floor
Vertical	Podium,	Avenue	3
Bangsar	South,	No.	8	Jalan	Kerinchi
59200	Kuala	Lumpur
Malaysia
AuDitORS
Ernst & Young PLT
202006000003	(LLP0022760-LCA)	&	
AF 0039
Chartered Accountants
Level	23A,	Menara	Milenium
Jalan	Damanlela,	Pusat	Bandar	
Damansara
50490	Kuala	Lumpur
Malaysia
Tel	 :	03-7495	8000	
Fax	 :	03-2095	5332
stOck exchange lIstIng
Main Market of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities	Berhad
Listed	on	 :	18	December 	1997
Stock	Name	:	CDB
Stock	Code	:	6947
PRinCiPAL bAnKeRS
AmBank Islamic Berhad
CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
Maybank Islamic Berhad
RHB Bank Berhad
RHB Islamic Berhad
Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad
Sumitomo	Mitsui	Banking	Corporation	
Malaysia Berhad
Corporate Directory
CelcomDigi Tower
No.	6,	Persiaran	Barat
Seksyen	52
46200	Petaling	Jaya
Selangor 
Malaysia 
 
CelcomDigi Hub
Lot	10,	Jalan	Delima	1/1
Subang	Hi-Tech	Industrial	Park
40000	Shah	Alam
Selangor 
Malaysia 
northern Region
No.	11,	Pusat	Perdagangan	Nova
Jalan Ahmad Nor
11600	Jelutong,	Penang	
Malaysia 
 
Southern Region
No.	1,	1-01	&	1-02,	Jalan	Molek	1/9
Taman Molek
81100	Johor	Bahru
Johor
Malaysia
 
eastern Region
No.	7,	Persiaran	Sultan	Abu	Bakar
Kawasan Perindustrian Ringan IM3
Bandar Indera Mahkota
25200	Kuantan
Pahang 
Malaysia 
 
Sabah Region
Unit	No.	R-7-02,	Level	7
Lorong	Riverson	@	Sembulan	Off	Jalan	Coastal
88100	Kota	Kinabalu
Sabah 
Malaysia 
 
Sarawak Region
The	Podium	Office	Tower	1st	Floor
Jalan Tun Ahmad Zaidi Adruce
93200 Kuching
Sarawak 
Malaysia 
heAD OFFiCeS ReGiOnAL OPeRAtinG OFFiCeS
For	full	list	of	Celcom	Bluecube	and	Digi	Store,	please	visit	our	website:
https://www.celcomdigi.com/store-locator

---- Page 122 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
241
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
240
Who We Are
GRI Content Index
GRI STANDARD DiSCLOSuRe LOCATION
grI 2: general 
Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organisational	details Our	Corporate	Structure	-	pg.	5,	
Corporate	Information	-	pg.	238,
Corporate	Directory	-	pg.	239
2-2 Entities	included	in	the	
organisation’s	sustainability	
reporting
About	This	Report	>	Scope	and	Reporting	Boundaries	-	pg.	1
2-3 Reporting	period,	frequency,	
and contact point
About	This	Report	>	Scope	and	Reporting	Boundaries	-	pg.	1, 	
Sustainability	Management	-	pg.	41
2-4 Restatements	of	information No restatements were made for Integrated Annual Report FY2023 
unless otherwise stated.
2-5 External	assurance Independent	Assurance	Report	-	pg.	227
2-6 Activities,	value	chain,	and	
other	business	relationships
Value	Creation	Model	-	pg.	28,	
Key	Relationships	-	pg.	45,
Manufactured	Capital	-	pg.	61,	
Intellectual	Capital	-	pg.	65,	
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	-	pg.	86
2-7 Employees Human	Capital	-	pg.	71,	
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)	
-	pg.	247,	
Performance	Data	Table	(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	
Performances)	-	pg.	249
2-8 Workers	who	are	not	
employees
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)		
>	Labour	Practices	and	Standards	-	pg.	248
2-9 Governance	structure	and	
composition
Sustainability	Management	>	Sustainability	Governance	-	pg.	41,	
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > Risk 
Management	(Governance)	-	pg.	112,	
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	>	Board	Composition	
-	pg.	96
2-10 Nomination	and	selection	of	
the highest governance body
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	>	Board	Appointment	
Process	-	pg.	100
2-11 Chair of the highest 
governance body
Sustainability	Management	>	Sustainability	Governance	-	pg.	41,	
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > Risk 
Management	(Governance)	-	pg.	112
2-12 Role of the highest 
governance body in 
overseeing the management 
of impacts
Sustainability	Management	>	Sustainability	Governance	-	pg.	41,	
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > 
Responsibilities	and	Accountabilities		-	pg.	112,	
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > Board and 
Senior	Management	Team	Committees	-	pg.	117
2-13 Delegation	of	responsibility	
for managing impacts
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > Risk 
Management	(Governance)	-	pg.	112,
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > Board and 
Senior	Management	Team	Committees	-	pg.	117
Statement of use CelcomDigi	has	reported	in	reference	with	the	GRI	Standards	for	the	period	of	1	January	2023	
to	31	December	2023,	unless	otherwise	stated.
GRI	1	used GRI	1:	Foundation	2021
Applicable	GRI	Sector	Standard(s) Not applicable
GRI STANDARD DiSCLOSuRe LOCATION
grI 2: general 
Disclosures 2021
2-14 Role of the highest 
governance body in 
sustainability	reporting
Sustainability	Management	>	Sustainability	Governance	-	pg.	41,	
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > Risk 
Management	(Governance)	-	pg.	112
2-15 Conflicts	of	interest Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	>	Board	Audit	
Committee	(BAC)	Report	-	pg.	106,
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	>	Summary	of	BAC	
Activities	-	Conflict	of	Interest	-	pg.	108,
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > Business 
Partner	Management	-	pg.	119
2-16 Communication	of	critical	
concerns
Key	Relationships-	pg.	45,
Human	Capital	>	Support	labour	rights	and	standards	-	pg.	75
2-17 Collective	knowledge	of	the	
highest governance body
Board	of	Directors’	Profiles	-	pg.	6
2-18 Evaluation	of	the	performance	
of the highest governance 
body
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	>	Board	Activities	-	
pg. 99
2-19 Remuneration	policies Non-Executive	Directors’	Remuneration	Policy	-
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/corporate_governance.html,
Remuneration	Policy	for	Senior	Management	-
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/corporate_governance.html,
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	>	Directors’	
Remuneration	-	pg.	105
2-20 Process to determine 
remuneration
Non-Executive	Directors’	Remuneration	Policy	-
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/corporate_governance.html,
Remuneration	Policy	for	Senior	Management	-
https://celcomdigi.listedcompany.com/corporate_governance.html,
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	>	Board	Nomination	
and	Remuneration	Committee	(BNRC)	Report	-	pg.	103
2-22 Statement on sustainable 
development strategy
Chair	of	the	Board’s	Statement-	pg.	18
2-23 Policy commitments Key	Relationships	-	pg.	45,
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	>	Upholding	human	rights	across 	
the	value	chain	-	pg.	88,
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	>	Managing	our	supply	chain	
responsibly	-	pg.	88,
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	>	Board	Nomination	
and	Remuneration	Committee	(BNRC)	Report	-	pg.	103
2-24 Embedding policy 
commitments
Human	Capital	>	Integrating	the	Code	of	Conduct	into	our	way	of	
work	-	pg.	73,
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > 
Compliance	and	Monitoring	-	pg.	118
2-25 Processes to remediate 
negative	impacts
Key	Relationships-	pg.	45,
Intellectual Capital > Strong governance and robust internal 
controls	-	pg.	68,
Human	Capital	>	Support	labour	rights	and	standards	-	pg.	75,
Human	Capital	>	Building	a	diverse,	inclusive,	and	responsible 	
workforce	-	pg.	72
GRI Content Index

---- Page 123 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
243
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
242
Who We Are
GRI STANDARD DiSCLOSuRe LOCATION
grI 2: general 
Disclosures 2021
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking 
advice and raising concerns
Sustainability	Management	-	pg.	41,
Human	Capital	>	Support	labour	rights	and	standards	-	pg.	75,
Human	Capital	>	Building	a	diverse,	inclusive,	and	responsible 	
workforce	-	pg.	72
2-27 Compliance with laws and 
regulations
No significant non-compliances were reported.
2-28 Membership	associations Natural	Capital	>	Adopting	whole-of-society	approach	towards	
decarbonisation	opportunities	-	pg.	85	
2-29 Approach to stakeholder 
engagement
Key	Relationships	-	pg.	45
2-30 Collective	bargaining	
agreements
Human	Capital	>	Support	labour	rights	and	standards	-	pg.	75
grI 3: material 
topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics
Materiality	-	pg.	48
3-2 List of material topics Materiality	-	pg.	48
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Materiality	-	pg.	48
grI 201: economic 
performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value 
generated and distributed
Financial	Capital	-	pg.	56
201-2 Financial	implications	and	
other	risks	and	opportunities	
due to climate change
Key	Risks	-	pg.	35,
Operating	Landscape	and	Outlook	-	pg.	30
201-3 Defined	benefit	plan	
obligations	and	other	
retirement	plans
Notes	to	the	Financial	Statements	-	pg.	144-226
201-4 Financial assistance received 
from government
Notes	to	the	Financial	Statements	-	pg.	144-226
grI 202: market 
presence 2016
202-2 Proportion	of	senior	
management hired from the 
local community
Management’s	Profiles	-	pg.	12
grI 203: Indirect 
economic impacts 
2016
203-1 Infrastructure investments 
and services supported
Value	Creation	Model	-	pg.	28,
Financial	Capital	-	pg.	56,
Manufactured	Capital	-	pg.	61,
Intellectual	Capital	-	pg.	65,
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	-	pg.	86
203-2 Significant	indirect	economic	
impacts
Value	Creation	Model	-	pg.	28,
Intellectual	Capital	-	pg.	65,
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	-	pg.	86
grI 204: 
Procurement 
practices 2016
204-1 Proportion	of	spending	on	
local suppliers
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	>	Managing	our	supply	chain
responsibly	-	pg.	88
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)		
>	Supply	Chain	Management-	pg.	248
GRI Content Index
GRI STANDARD DiSCLOSuRe LOCATION
grI 205: anti-
corruption 2016
205-1 Operations	assessed	for	risks	
related	to	corruption
Value	Creation	Model	-	pg.	28,
Human	Capital	>	Building	a	diverse,	inclusive,	and	responsible
workforce	-	pg.	72,
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > 
Compliance	and	Monitoring	-	pg.	118,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)		
>	Anti-Corruption	-	pg.	247
grI 205: anti-
corruption 2016
205-2 Communication	and	training	
about	anti-corruption	policies	
and procedures
Intellectual Capital > Strong governance and robust internal 
controls	-	pg.	68,
Human	Capital	>	Building	a	diverse,	inclusive,	and	responsible 	
workforce	-	pg.	72,
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > 
Compliance	and	Monitoring	-	pg.	118,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)		
>	Anti-Corruption	-	pg.	247
205-3 Confirmed	incidents	of	
corruption	and	actions	taken
Value	Creation	Model	-	pg.	28,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)		
>	Anti-Corruption	-	pg.	247
grI 206: 
anticompetitive
behavior 2016
206-1 Legal	actions	for	anti-
competitive	behavior,	anti-
trust,	and	monopoly	practices
No incidents of anti-competitive behaviour were reported.
Intellectual Capital > Strong governance and robust internal 
controls	-	pg.	68
grI 207: tax 2019 207-1 Approach	to	tax Notes	to	the	Financial	Statements	-	pg.	144-226
207-2 Tax	governance,	control,	and	
risk management
Notes	to	the	Financial	Statements	-	pg.	144-226
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and 
management of concerns
related	to	tax
Notes	to	the	Financial	Statements	-	pg.	144-226
207-4 Country-by-country	reporting Our Audited Financial Statement is within Malaysian jurisdiction.
grI 302: energy
2016
302-1 Energy	consumption	within	
the	organisation
Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)		
>	Energy	Management	-	pg.	248
302-2 Energy	consumption	outside	
of	the	organisation
Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80
302-3 Energy intensity Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80
302-4 Reduction	of	energy	
consumption
Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80
302-5 Reductions	in	energy	
requirements of products and 
services
Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80
grI 303: water 
and effluents 2018
303-1 Interactions	with	water	as	a	
shared resource
Water is primarily consumed for drinking, cleaning, and other 
domestic use within office premises.
Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively-	
pg.	80
GRI Content Index

---- Page 124 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
245
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
244
Who We Are
GRI STANDARD DiSCLOSuRe LOCATION
grI 303: water 
and effluents 2018
303-5 Water	consumption Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)		
>	Water	-	pg.	248
grI 305: 
emissions 2016
305-1 Direct	(Scope	1)	GHG	
emissions
Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80,
Performance	Data	Table	(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	
Performances)	>	Carbon	Emissions	-	pg.	249
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) 
GHG	emissions
Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80,
Performance	Data	Table	(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	
Performances)	>	Carbon	Emissions	-	pg.	249
305-3 Other	indirect	(Scope	3)	GHG	
emissions
Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80,
Performance	Data	Table	(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	
Performances)	>	Carbon	Emissions	-	pg.	249
grI 305: 
emissions 2016
305-5 Reduction	of	GHG	emissions Natural	Capital	-	pg.	78-85
grI 306: waste 
2020
306-1 Waste	generation	and	
significant	waste-related	
impacts
General waste (domestic office waste) and e-waste (decommissioned 
electrical and electronic waste) are generated.
Value	Creation	Model	-	pg.	28,
Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80
306-2 Management	of	significant	
waste-related	impacts
Operating	Landscape	and	Outlook	>	Environment	-	pg.	34,
Key	Risks	>	Climate	and	Environmental	Risk	-	pg.	36
306-3 Waste	generated Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80,
Performance	Data	Table	(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	
Performances)	>	Waste	Management	-	pg.	249
306-4 Waste	diverted	from	disposal Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80,
Performance	Data	Table	(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	
Performances)	>	Waste	Management	-	pg.	249
306-5 Waste	directed	to	disposal Natural	Capital	>	Managing	our	environmental	impact	positively	-	
pg.	80,
Performance	Data	Table	(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	
Performances)	>	Waste	Management	-	pg.	249
grI 308: supplier 
environmental 
assessment 2016
308-1 New suppliers that were 
screened using environmental 
criteria
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	>	Managing	our	supply	chain	
responsibly	-	pg.	88
grI 401: 
employment 2016
401-1 New employee hires and 
employee turnover
Performance	Data	Table	(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	
Performances)	>	Employee	Statistics	-	pg.	250
401-2 Benefits	provided	to	full-time	
employees that are not
provided to temporary or 
part-time	employees
Notes	to	the	Financial	Statements	-	pg.	144-226
401-3 Parental leave Performance	Data	Table	(Additional	&	Historical	ESG	
Performances)	>	Employee	Statistics	-	pg.	250
GRI Content Index
GRI STANDARD DiSCLOSuRe LOCATION
grI 403: 
Occupational 
health and
Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational	health	and	
safety management system
Human Capital > Building a healthy and safe workplace 
environment	-	pg.	76
403-2 Hazard	identification,	risk	
assessment,	and	incident	
investigation
Human Capital > Building a healthy and safe workplace 
environment	-	pg.	76
403-3 Occupational	health	services Human	Capital	>	Establishing	one	unified	workforce	-	pg.	72,
Human Capital > Building a healthy and safe workplace 
environment	-	pg.	76
403-4 Worker	participation,	
consultation,	and	
communication	on	
occupational	health	and	safety
Human Capital > Building a healthy and safe workplace
environment	-	pg.	76
403-5 Worker	training	on	
occupational	health	and	safety
Human Capital > Building a healthy and safe workplace 
environment	-	pg.	76,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)	
>	Health	and	Safety	-	pg.	248
403-6 Promotion	of	worker	health Human Capital > Building a healthy and safe workplace 
environment	-	pg.	76
403-7 Prevention	and	mitigation	
of	occupational	health	and	
safety impacts
directly linked by business 
relationships
Key	Risks	>	Health	and	Safety	Risk	-	pg.	38
403-9 Work-related	injuries Human Capital > Building a healthy and safe workplace 
environment	-	pg.	76,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)	
>	Health	and	Safety	-	pg.	248
grI 404: training 
and education
2016
404-1 Average hours of training per 
year per employee
Human	Capital	>	Nurturing	industry-best	talents	-	pg.	74,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)	
>	Labour	Practices	and	Standards-	pg.	248
404-2 Programmes for upgrading 
employee	skills	and	transition	
assistance programmes
Human	Capital	>	Nurturing	industry-best	talents	-	pg.	74
404-3 Percentage of employees 
receiving regular performance 
and career development 
reviews
100% of employees received regular performance and career
development reviews regardless of category and gender. 
Human	Capital	>	Nurturing	industry-best	talents	-	pg.	74
grI 405: diversity 
and equal
Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance 
bodies and employees
Human	Capital	>	Building	a	diverse,	inclusive,	and	responsible 	
workforce	-	pg.	72,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)	
>	Diversity-	pg.	247
grI 407: freedom 
of association
and collective 
bargaining 2016
407-1 Operations	and	suppliers	in	
which the right to freedom 
of	association	and	collective	
bargaining may be at risk
Human	Capital	>	Support	labour	rights	and	standards	-	pg.	75
grI 408: child 
labor 2016
408-1 Operations	and	suppliers	at	
significant	risk	for	incidents	of	
child labor
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	>	Upholding	human	rights	across 	
the	value	chain	-	pg.	88
GRI Content Index

---- Page 125 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
247
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
246
Who We Are
GRI STANDARD DiSCLOSuRe LOCATION
grI 409: forced or 
Compulsory
labor 2016
409-1 Operations	and	suppliers	at	
significant	risk	for	incidents	of	
forced or compulsory labor
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	>	Upholding	human	rights	across 	
the	value	chain	-	pg.	88
grI 410: security 
practices 2016
410-1 Security personnel trained 
in human rights policies or 
procedures
Security personnel contracted via third party suppliers. As
suppliers, they are bound by the same Agreement of Responsible 
Business Conduct (ABC) requirements.
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	>	Managing	our	supply	chain
responsibly	-	pg.	88
grI 411: rights of 
indigenous
peoples 2016
411-1 Incidents	of	violations	
involving rights of indigenous 
peoples
There were no material incidents reported. 
grI 413: local 
communities 
2016
413-1 Operations	with	local	
community	engagement,	
impact	assessments,
and development programs
Value	Creation	Model	-	pg.	28,
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	-	pg.	86,
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)	
>	Community/Society	-	pg.	247
413-2 Operations	with	significant	
actual	and	potential	negative	
impacts	on	local	communities
No incidents of negative impacts were reported.
grI 414: supplier 
Social
assessment 2016
414-1 New suppliers that were 
screened using social criteria
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control > 
Compliance	and	Monitoring	-	pg.	118,
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	>	Managing	our	supply	chain	
responsibly	-	pg.	88
414-2 Negative	social	impacts	in	
the	supply	chain	and	actions	
taken
Social	and	Relationship	Capital	>	Managing	our	supply	chain	
responsibly	-	pg.	88
grI 415: public 
policy 2016
415-1 Political	contributions Refer	to	the	Code	of	Conduct	on	political	contributions
https://corporate.celcomdigi.com/company/governance
grI 416: 
Customer health 
and safety 2016
416-2 Incidents	of	non-compliance	
concerning the health and 
safety impacts of products 
and services
No incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety 
impacts of products and service were reported.
grI 417: 
marketing and 
labeling 2016
417-1 Requirements for product 
and	service	information	and	
labeling
Operating	Landscape	and	Outlook	>	Government	Initiatives	and
Regulations	-	pg.	31
417-2 Incidents	of	non-compliance	
concerning product and 
service	information	and	
labeling
No incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service 
information and labelling were reported.
417-3 Incidents	of	non-compliance	
concerning	marketing	
communications
No incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 
communications were reported.
grI 418: 
Customer Privacy 
2016
418-1 Substantiated	complaints	
concerning breaches of 
customer privacy and
losses of customer data
Performance	Data	Table	(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)	
>	Data	Privacy	and	Security	-	pg.	248
GRI Content Index Performance Data Table
(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)
CelcomDigi	Berhad,	as	a	Listed	Issuer	is	required	to	provide	mandatory	ESG	disclosures	as	part	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	
Requirements,	in	line	with	the	enhanced	Bursa	Malaysia	Sustainability	Reporting	Guide,	3rd	Edition.	The	following	performance	
data	table,	downloaded	from	Bursa	Malaysia’s	ESG	Reporting	Platform	(Standard	template)	summarises	indicators	that	are	pertinent	
against	our	Material	Matters.	Being	the	first	year	of	reporting	to	the	platform	in	a	consolidated	manner	as	CelcomDigi	Berhad,	past	
year	historical	performances	have	been	excluded.	For	additional	and	historical	ESG	performances,	refer 	to	pages	249	to	251.	
indicator Measurement unit 2023
bursa (anti-corruption)
Bursa	C1(a)	Percentage	of	employees	who	have	received	training	on	anti-corruption	by	
employee category
CelcomDigi	Management	(CXOs)	&	CelcomDigi	Leadership	(Top	100	Leaders) Percentage 2.52
CelcomDigi	Employees	(Executive) Percentage 94.6
CelcomDigi	Employees	(Non-Executive) Percentage 2.88
Bursa	C1(b)	Percentage	of	operations	assessed	for	corruption-related	risks Percentage 100
Bursa	C1(c)	Confirmed	incidents	of	corruption	and	action	taken Number 0
bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa	C2(a)	Total	amount	invested	in	the	community	where	the	target	beneficiaries	are	
external	to	the	listed	issuer
MYR 2,000,000
Bursa	C2(b)	Total	number	of	beneficiaries	of	the	investment	in	communities Number 585,268
bursa (Diversity)
Bursa	C3(a)	Percentage	of	employees	by	gender	and	age	group,	for	each	employee	
category
Age Group by employee Category
CelcomDigi	Management	(CXOs)	&	CelcomDigi	Leadership	(Top	100	Leaders)	 
Under 30
Percentage 0
CelcomDigi	Management	(CXOs)	&	CelcomDigi	Leadership	(Top	100	Leaders)	 
Between	30-50
Percentage 1.8
CelcomDigi	Management	(CXOs)	&	CelcomDigi	Leadership	(Top	100	Leaders) 
Above	50
Percentage 1.3
CelcomDigi	Employees	(Executive	&	Non-Executive)	Under	30 Percentage 5.3
CelcomDigi	Employees	(Executive	&	Non-Executive)	Between	30-50 Percentage 71.7
CelcomDigi	Employees	(Executive	&	Non-Executive)	Above	50 Percentage 19.9
Gender Group by employee Category
CelcomDigi	Management	(CXOs)	&	CelcomDigi	Leadership	(Top	100	Leaders)	Male Percentage 1.9
CelcomDigi	Management	(CXOs)	&	CelcomDigi	Leadership	(Top	100	Leaders)	Female Percentage 1.3
CelcomDigi	Employees	(Executive	&	Non-Executive)	Male Percentage 50
CelcomDigi	Employees	(Executive	&	Non-Executive)	Female Percentage 46.8
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 70
Female Percentage 30
Under 30 Percentage 0
Between	30-50 Percentage 10
Above	50 Percentage 90

---- Page 126 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
249
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
248
Who We Are
Performance Data Table
(Bursa	Malaysia	ESG	Reporting	Platform)
indicator Measurement unit 2023
bursa (energy management)
Bursa	C4(a)	Total	energy	consumption Megawatt 913,860
bursa (health and safety)
Bursa	C5(a)	Number	of	work-related	fatalities Number 0
Bursa	C5(b)	Lost	time	incident	rate	("LTIR") Rate 0.14
Bursa	C5(c)	Number	of	employees	trained	on	health	and	safety	standards Number 4,280
bursa (labour practices and standards)
Bursa	C6(a)	Total	hours	of	training	by	employee	category
CelcomDigi	Management	(CXOs)	&	CelcomDigi	Leadership	(Top	100	Leaders) Hours 1,460
CelcomDigi	Employees	(Executive	&	Non-Executive) Hours 63,944
Bursa	C6(b)	Percentage	of	employees	that	are	contractors	or	temporary	staff Percentage -
Bursa	C6(c)	Total	number	of	employee	turnover	by	employee	category
CelcomDigi	Management	(CXOs)	&	CelcomDigi	Leadership	(Top	100	Leaders) Number 13
CelcomDigi	Employees	(Executive	&	Non-Executive) Number 256
Bursa	C6(d)	Number	of	substantiated	complaints	concerning	human	rights	 violations Number 0
bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa	C7(a)	Proportion	of	spending	on	local	suppliers Percentage 24.2
bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa	C8(a)	Number	of	substantiated	complaints	concerning	breaches	of	customer	privacy	
and losses of customer data
Number 0
bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 151.3
Performance Data Table
(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	Performances)
indicator Sub Category unit/type 2021 2022 2023
environment
energy consumption
Total	energy	consumption GWh 338.7 442.32 913.86
Direct	energy	consumption	from	
fuel (Total)
GWh 40.18 59.45 200.17
Network GWh 35.45 54.64 199.52
Fleet GWh 4.72 4.78 0.61
Buildings GWh 0.02 0.03 0.04
Indirect	energy	consumption	from	
grid and green electricity (Total)
GWh 297.21 379.25 709.9
Network GWh 292.22 373.4 699.99
Buildings GWh 4.99 5.85 9.91
Indirect	energy	consumption	from	
value chain (Total)
GWh 1.3 3.55 0.37
Employee business travel (Land 
travel)
GWh 1.3 3.55 0.37
Energy use per customer KWh/customer 33.25 36.83 44.47
Solar power generated (Network) GWh 0.01 0.07 3.42
Carbon emissions
Total carbon emissions tonnes	CO2e 217,438.31 279,777.76 521,792.25
Total Scope 1 emissions tonnes	CO2e 10,821.54 16,005.75 53,670.04
Network tonnes	CO2e 9,522.80 14,722.20 53,499.13
Fleet tonnes	CO2e 1,264.70 1,275.70 161.3
Buildings tonnes	CO2e 4.04 7.85 9.61
Total Scope 2 emissions tonnes	CO2e 206,284.48 262,926.98 467,840.18
Network tonnes	CO2e 202,599.64 258,569.08 460,796.32
Buildings tonnes	CO2e 3,684.84 4,357.91 7,043.86
Total Scope 3 emissions tonnes	CO2e 332.79 845.03 282.03
Air travel for business tonnes	CO2e 24.85 173.01 -
Land travel for business tonnes	CO2e 307.94 672.02 282.03
Carbon emissions per customer tonnes	CO2e/
customer
0.021 0.024 0.025
Carbon intensity per data usage tonnes	CO2e/
terabyte
0.10 0.11 0.09
water consumption
Total	water	consumption m3 68,435 103,388 151,283.89
Waste Management
General	Waste	Collected tonnes 148 76 663.99
General	Waste	Recycled tonnes 1.7 1.8 21.75
E-Waste	Collected tonnes 162 248 237.79
E-Waste	Recycled tonnes 162 245 47.56
Waste	generated	per	employee kg/employee 103 51 182

---- Page 127 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
251
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
250
Who We Are
Performance Data Table
(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	Performances)
indicator Sub Category unit/type 2021 2022 2023
Social
employee statistics
Total Employees count 1,436 3,818 3,655
Employees Type Permanent count 1,417 3,731 3,527
Contract 19 87 128
	Gender Male count 718 1,991 1,900
Female count 718 1,827 1,755
Ethnicity Malay count 461 2,352 2,264
Chinese count 714 993 924
Indian count 208 298 281
Others count 53 175 186
Age	Group <30 count 187 258 193
30	to	50 count 1,095 2,897 2,687
>50 count 154 663 775
Category CelcomDigi 
Management	(CXOs)
count 8 12 12
CelcomDigi Leadership 
(Top 100 Leaders)
count 172 105 101
CelcomDigi Employees 
(Executive	&	Non-
Executive)
count 1,256 3,701 3,542
Percentage of employees under 
bargaining agreements
% 30 NA 2
 New Hires Male count 88 196 40
Female count 78 126 33
Employee Turnover Rate Male % 8 10 8
Female % 7 7 7
Employee Learning Total learning hours hours 72,800.25 68,672.87 65,404
Average learning hours 
per employee
hours 52.6 50 14.1
Training on health and 
safety standards
hours 2,411 1,822 6,967
Parental Leave Male count - - 	177
Female count - - 54
Women	in	Leadership CelcomDigi Leadership 
(Top 100 Leaders)
% - 39 41
Health & Safety Work-related	fatalities count 0 0 0
Lost	time	injury	
frequency (LTIF) rate
count/million	
hours
0 0 0.14
indicator Sub Category unit/type 2021 2022 2023
Governance
anti-corruption
Material	Cases	of	Corruption count 0 0 0
Data Privacy and Security 
Substantiated	complaints	
concerning breaches of customer 
privacy and losses of customer 
data
count 0 0 0
Supply Chain Sustainability
Total number of suppliers who 
have signed the Agreement of 
Responsible Business Conduct 
(ABC)
count 2,090 2,245 2,487
New suppliers who have signed the 
ABC
count 179 155 242
Inspections	conducted count 510 512 805
Incidents	of	major	non-compliance count 16 11 17
Incidents	of	minor	non-compliance count 45 65 84
Contractors	suspended	<6	months count 0 0 1
Contractors terminated count 2 0 0
Supplier training hours 5,635 16,691 23,478
Notes:
a) Due to changes in reporting boundaries and methodologies post-merger, FY2023 data should not be read in comparison to previous years, unless 
otherwise stated
b) Lost time injury frequency rate denotes the number of lost time injuries in the reporting period x 1,000,000 / Total worked hours (based on 9 working 
hours x actual working days in the year)
c) Employee statistics (except for employee learning) includes permanent and contract employees, under active employment as of 31 December 2023. 
Employee learning includes permanent, contract, and outsourced employees
d) Air travel for business emissions have been excluded in 2023 due to on-going harmonisation of reporting boundaries and methodologies
e) Energy consumption and carbon emissions EF (emission factor) references - Scope 1: DEFRA UK GHG Conversion Factors 2023 | Scope 2: Grid Emission 
Factors Malaysia 2021 | Scope 3: DEFRA UK GHG Conversion Factors 2023
f) Water consumption and waste management - Read more about the reporting boundaries under Natural Capital: Managing our environmental impact 
positively
Performance Data Table
(Additional	and	Historical	ESG	Performances)

---- Page 128 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
253
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
252
Who We Are
Notice of Annual General Meeting
nOtiCe iS heReby Given thAt	the	Twenty-Seventh	Annual	General	Meeting	(“27th AGM”)	of	CelcomDigi	Berhad	(“the Company”)	
will	be	conducted	on	a	virtual	basis	through	broadcast	venue	at	Auditorium,	Level	Podium	6,	Menara	CelcomDigi,	No.	6,	Persiaran	Barat,	
Seksyen	52,	46200	Petaling	Jaya,	Selangor	Darul	Ehsan,	Malaysia	(“broadcast venue”)	on	Monday,	27	May	2024	at	10.00	a.m.	or	at	any	
adjournment	thereof,	for	the	transaction	of	the	following	business:	
AGenDA
Ordinary business 
1.	 To	 receive	the	Audited	Financial	Statements	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023	
together with the Reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon.
 (Please refer to Note 1 of the Explanatory Notes)
 
2.	 To	 re-elect	the	following	Directors	who	retire	pursuant	to	Article	104(A)	of	the	Company’s	
Constitution	and	being	eligible,	offer	themselves	for	re-election:-
(i) Mr Haakon Bruaset Kjoel
(ii) Datuk Iain John Lo
(iii)	 Puan	Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed
(Please refer to Note 2 of the Explanatory Notes)
3.	 To	 re-elect	Mr	Kasper	Wold	Kaarbø	who	retire	pursuant	to	Article	104(E)	of	the	Company’s	
Constitution	and	being	eligible,	offer	himself	for	re-election.
 (Please refer to Note 2 of the Explanatory Notes)
4.		 To	approve	the	payment	of	Directors’	fees	of	up	to	RM2,250,000	and	benefits	payable	of	up	to	
RM218,000	to	the	Non-Executive	Directors	with	effect	from	27	May	2024	until	the	conclusion	of	
the	next	Annual	General	Meeting	(“AGM”)	of	the	Company.
 (Please refer to Note 3 of the Explanatory Notes)
 
5.	 To	appoint	PricewaterhouseCoopers	PLT	as	Auditors	of	the	Company	in	place	of	the	retiring	Auditor,	
Ernst	&	Young	PLT,	to	hold	office	until	the	conclusion	of	the	next	Annual	General	Meeting	and	to	
authorise	the	Directors	to	fix	their	remuneration.
 (Please refer to Note 4 of the Explanatory Notes)
Special business
To	consider	and,	if	deemed	fit,	to	pass	the	following	resolutions:-
 
6. p roposed renewal of existing shareholders’ mandate for recurrent related party transactions of 
a Revenue or trading nature between CelcomDigi berhad and its subsidiaries (“CelcomDigi Group”) 
and telenor asa and its subsidiaries (“t elenor group”) (“p roposed renewal of shareholders’ 
Mandate 1”)
 (Please refer to Note 5 of the Explanatory Notes)
	 “THAT,	 subject	to	the	provisions	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	(“MMLR”)	of	Bursa	
Malaysia	Securities	Berhad	(“bursa securities”),	approval	be	and	is	hereby	given	to	the	Company	
and	its	subsidiaries	to	enter	into	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of	a	revenue	or	trading	nature	
with	Telenor	Group	as	set	out	in	Appendix	I	of	the	Circular	to	Shareholders	dated	16	April	2024	
(“Circular”),	which	are	necessary	for	the	day-to-day	operations	and/or	in	the	ordinary	course	of	
business	of	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	on	terms	not	more	favourable	to	the	related	parties	
than those generally available to the public and are not detrimental to the minority shareholders of 
the	Company	and	that	such	approval	shall	continue	to	be	in	force	until:
Ordinary resolution 1
Ordinary resolution 2
Ordinary resolution 3
Ordinary resolution 4
Ordinary resolution 5
Ordinary resolution 6
Ordinary resolution 7
Notice of Annual General Meeting
(i)	 the	 conclusion	of	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	following	the	forthcoming	AGM	at	
which	the	Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	Mandate	1	shall	be	passed,	at	which	time	
it	will	lapse,	unless	by	a	resolution	passed	at	the	next	AGM,	the	authority	conferred	by	
this	resolution	is	renewed;	
(ii)	 the	 expiration	of	the	period	within	which	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	is	required	to	
be	held	pursuant	to	subsection	340(2)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	(but	shall	not	extend	
to	such	extension	as	may	be	allowed	pursuant	to	subsection	340(4)	of	the	Companies	
Act	2016);	or
(iii)	 revoked	or	varied	by	resolution	passed	by	the	shareholders	at	a	general	meeting,
whichever is the earlier.
 AND THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised and empowered to 
complete	and	do	all	such	acts	and	things	(including	executing	all	such	documents	as	may	be	
required)	as	they	may	consider	expedient	or	necessary	to	give	effect	to	the	Proposed	Renewal	
of	Shareholders’	Mandate	1.”
 
7. p roposed renewal of existing shareholders’ mandate for recurrent related party transactions 
of a Revenue or trading n ature between CelcomDigi Group and Axiata Group b erhad and its 
subsidiaries (“axiata group”) (“proposed renewal of shareholders’ mandate 2”)
 (Please refer to Note 5 of the Explanatory Notes)
	 “THAT,	 subject	to	the	provisions	of	the	MMLR	of	Bursa	Securities,	approval	be	and	is	hereby	given	
to	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	to	enter	into	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of	a	revenue	
or	trading	nature	with	Axiata	Group	as	set	out	in	Appendix	I	of	the	Circular,	which	are	necessary	
for	the	day-to-day	operations	and/or	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	of	the	Company	and	its	
subsidiaries	on	terms	not	more	favourable	to	the	related	parties	than	those	generally	available	
to the public and are not detrimental to the minority shareholders of the Company and that such 
approval	shall	continue	to	be	in	force	until:
(i)	 the	 conclusion	of	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	following	the	forthcoming	AGM	at	which	
the	Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	Mandate	2	shall	be	passed,	at	which	time	it	will	lapse,	
unless	by	a	resolution	passed	at	the	next	AGM,	the	authority	conferred	by	this	resolution	is	
renewed;	
(ii)	 the	 expiration	of	the	period	within	which	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	is	required	to	be	
held	pursuant	to	subsection	340(2)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	(but	shall	not	extend	to	such	
extension	as	may	be	allowed	pursuant	to	subsection	340(4)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016);	or
(iii)	 revoked	or	varied	by	resolution	passed	by	the	shareholders	at	a	general	meeting,
whichever is the earlier.
 AND THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised and empowered to complete 
and	do	all	such	acts	and	things	(including	executing	all	such	documents	as	may	be	required)	as	
they	may	consider	expedient	or	necessary	to	give	effect	to	the	Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	
Mandate	2.”
Ordinary resolution 8

---- Page 129 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
255
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
254
Who We Are
Notice of Annual General Meeting
8. p roposed renewal of existing shareholders’ mandate for recurrent related party transactions of 
a Revenue or trading nature between CelcomDigi Group and Khazanah n asional b erhad and its 
related entities (“khazanah g roup”) (“proposed renewal of shareholders’ mandate 3”)
 (Please refer to Note 5 of the Explanatory Notes)
	 “THAT,	 subject	to	the	provisions	of	the	MMLR	of	Bursa	Securities,	approval	be	and	is	hereby	given	
to	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	to	enter	into	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of	a	revenue	
or	trading	nature	with	Khazanah	Group	as	set	out	in	Appendix	I	of	the	Circular,	which	are	necessary	
for	the	day-to-day	operations	and/or	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	of	the	Company	and	its	
subsidiaries	on	terms	not	more	favourable	to	the	related	parties	than	those	generally	available	
to the public and are not detrimental to the minority shareholders of the Company and that such 
approval	shall	continue	to	be	in	force	until:
(i)	 the	 conclusion	of	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	following	the	forthcoming	AGM	at	which	
the	Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	Mandate	3	shall	be	passed,	at	which	time	it	will	lapse,	
unless	by	a	resolution	passed	at	the	next	AGM,	the	authority	conferred	by	this	resolution	is	
renewed;	
(ii)	 the	 expiration	of	the	period	within	which	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	is	required	to	be	
held	pursuant	to	subsection	340(2)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	(but	shall	not	extend	to	such	
extension	as	may	be	allowed	pursuant	to	subsection	340(4)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016);	or
(iii)	 revoked	or	varied	by	resolution	passed	by	the	shareholders	at	a	general	meeting,
whichever is the earlier.
 AND THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised and empowered to complete 
and	do	all	such	acts	and	things	(including	executing	all	such	documents	as	may	be	required)	as	
they	may	consider	expedient	or	necessary	to	give	effect	to	the	Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	
Mandate	3.”
9. p roposed renewal of existing shareholders’ mandate for recurrent related party transactions 
of a Revenue or trading nature between CelcomDigi Group and Digital n asional berhad (“Dnb”) 
(“proposed renewal of shareholders’ mandate 4”)
 (Please refer to Note 5 of the Explanatory Notes)
	 “THAT,	 subject	to	the	provisions	of	the	MMLR	of	Bursa	Securities,	approval	be	and	is	hereby	given	
to	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	to	enter	into	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of	a	revenue	
or	trading	nature	with	DNB	as	set	out	in	Appendix	I	of	the	Circular,	which	are	necessary	for	the	day-
to-day	operations	and/or	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	of	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	on	
terms	not	more	favourable	to	the	related	parties	than	those	generally	available	to	the	public	and	are	
not	detrimental	to	the	minority	shareholders	of	the	Company	and	that	such	approval	shall	continue	
to	be	in	force	until:
(i)	 the	 conclusion	of	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	following	the	forthcoming	AGM	at	which	
the	Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	Mandate	4	shall	be	passed,	at	which	time	it	will	lapse,	
unless	by	a	resolution	passed	at	the	next	AGM,	the	authority	conferred	by	this	resolution	is	
renewed;	
Ordinary resolution 9
Ordinary resolution 10
Notice of Annual General Meeting
(ii)	 the	 expiration	of	the	period	within	which	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	is	required	to	be	
held	pursuant	to	subsection	340(2)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	(but	shall	not	extend	to	such	
extension	as	may	be	allowed	pursuant	to	subsection	340(4)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016);	or
(iii)	 revoked	or	varied	by	resolution	passed	by	the	shareholders	at	a	general	meeting,
whichever is the earlier.
 AND THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised and empowered to complete 
and	do	all	such	acts	and	things	(including	executing	all	such	documents	as	may	be	required)	as	
they	may	consider	expedient	or	necessary	to	give	effect	to	the	Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	
Mandate	4.”
 
10. p roposed renewal of existing shareholders’ mandate for recurrent related party transactions 
of a Revenue or trading nature between CelcomDigi Group and telekom Malaysia berhad and its 
subsidiaries (“tm g roup”) (“proposed renewal of shareholders’ mandate 5”)
 (Please refer to Note 5 of the Explanatory Notes)
	 “THAT,	 subject	to	the	provisions	of	the	MMLR	of	Bursa	Securities,	approval	be	and	is	hereby	given	
to	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	to	enter	into	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of	a	revenue	
or	trading	nature	with	TM	Group	as	set	out	in	Appendix	I	of	the	Circular,	which	are	necessary	
for	the	day-to-day	operations	and/or	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	of	the	Company	and	its	
subsidiaries	on	terms	not	more	favourable	to	the	related	parties	than	those	generally	available	
to the public and are not detrimental to the minority shareholders of the Company and that such 
approval	shall	continue	to	be	in	force	until:
(i)	 the	 conclusion	of	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	following	the	forthcoming	AGM	at	which	
the	Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	Mandate	5	shall	be	passed,	at	which	time	it	will	lapse,	
unless	by	a	resolution	passed	at	the	next	AGM,	the	authority	conferred	by	this	resolution	is	
renewed;	
(ii)	 the	 expiration	of	the	period	within	which	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	is	required	to	be	
held	pursuant	to	subsection	340(2)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	(but	shall	not	extend	to	such	
extension	as	may	be	allowed	pursuant	to	subsection	340(4)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016);	or
(iii)	 revoked	or	varied	by	resolution	passed	by	the	shareholders	at	a	general	meeting,
whichever is the earlier.
 AND THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised and empowered to complete 
and	do	all	such	acts	and	things	(including	executing	all	such	documents	as	may	be	required)	as	
they	may	consider	expedient	or	necessary	to	give	effect	to	the	Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	
Mandate	5.”
11.	 To	transact	any	other	business	of	which	due	notice	shall	has	been	given	in	accordance	with	the	
Companies	Act	2016	and	the	Company’s	Constitution.	
Ordinary resolution 11

---- Page 130 ----
CelcomDigi Berhad
Integrated Annual Report 2023Corporate Governance Audited Financial Statements Other Information
257
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
256
Who We Are
By	Order	of	the	Board
CeLCOMDiGi beRhAD 
CHOO	MUN	LAI	(MAICSA	7039980)
SSM	PC	No:	201908001003
TAI	YIT	CHAN	(MAICSA	7009143)
SSM	PC	No:	202008001023
Company Secretaries
Selangor	Darul	Ehsan,	Malaysia
16	April	2024
nOteS
(i)	 The	 27th	AGM	of	the	Company	will	be	conducted	on	a	virtual	basis	through	live	streaming	and	online	voting	using	Remote	
Participation	and	Electronic	Voting	(“RPev”)	facilities	at	https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my. The procedures for members to 
register,	attend,	speak	(in	the	form	of	real	time	submission	of	typed	texts)	and	vote	(collectively,	“participate”)	remotely	via	the	
RPEV	facilities	are	provided	in	the	Administrative	Guides	for	the	27th	AGM	which	is	also	available	on	the	Company’s	website	
at https://corporate.celcomdigi.com/annualreport.
(ii)	 The	 Broadcast	Venue	is	strictly	for	the	purpose	of	complying	with	subsection	327(2)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016,	which	
requires	the	Chair	of	the	27th	AGM	of	the	Company	to	be	present	at	the	main	venue	in	Malaysia.	Shareholders/Proxies/
Corporate	Representatives	WiLL nOt be ALLOWeD	to	attend	the	27th	AGM	in	person	at	the	Broadcast	Venue	on	the	day	of	
the	Meeting.	Any	shareholders,	proxies	or	corporate	representatives	who	turn	up	at	the	Broadcast	Venue	would	be	requested	
to leave the venue politely.
(iii)	 In	respect	of	deposited	securities,	only	shareholders	whose	names	appear	on	the	Record	of	Depositors	on	20	May	2024	
(General	Meeting	Record	of	Depositors)	shall	be	eligible	to	attend,	participate,	speak	and/or 	vote	at	the	Meeting.
(iv)	 A	shareholder	entitled	to	participate	at	the	27th	AGM	is	entitled	to	appoint	not	more	than	two	(2)	proxies	to	participate	on	
his/her	behalf.	Where	a	shareholder	appoints	more	than	one	(1)	proxy,	the	shareholder	must	specify	the	portion	of	their	
shareholdings	each	proxy	will	represent	for	their	appointment	to	be	valid.	
(v)	 A	proxy	or	attorney	need	not	be	a	shareholder	of	the	Company.	There	shall	be	no	restriction	as	to	the	qualification	of	the	proxy.	
A	proxy	appointed	to	participate	at	the	Meeting	shall	have	the	same	rights	as	the	shareholder 	to	speak	at	the	Meeting.
(vi)	 Where	a	shareholder	of	the	Company	is	an	Exempt	Authorised	Nominee	which	holds	ordinary	shares	in	the	Company	for	
multiple	beneficial	owners	in	one	securities	account	(omnibus	account)	as	defined	under	the	Securities	Industry	(Central	
Depositories)	Act	1991,	there	shall	be	no	limit	to	the	number	of	proxies	which	the	Exempt	Authorised	Nominee	may	appoint	
in respect of each omnibus account it holds.
(vii)	 The	instrument	appointing	a	proxy	shall	be	in	writing	under	the	hand	of	the	appointer	or	his/her	attorney	duly	authorised	
in	writing,	and	in	the	case	of	a	corporation,	either	under	its	common	seal	or	under	the	hand	of	an	officer	or	attorney	duly	
authorised.
(viii)	 The	instrument	appointing	a	proxy	together	with	the	power	of	attorney	(if	any)	or	a	certified	copy	thereof	must	be	deposited	at	
the	Poll	Administrator’s	Office,	Boardroom	Share	Registrars	Sdn	Bhd	at	11th	Floor,	Menara	Symphony,	No.	5,	Jalan	Professor	
Khoo	Kay	Kim,	Seksyen	13,	46200	Petaling	Jaya,	Selangor	Darul	Ehsan,	Malaysia	at	least	forty-eight	(48)	hours	before	the	time	
appointed	for	holding	the	meeting	or	adjourned	meeting,	otherwise,	the	instrument	of	proxy	shall	not	be	considered	valid.	
Alternatively,	the	Form	of	Proxy	can	be	submitted	electronically	via	https://investor.boardroomlimited.com before the Form of 
Proxy	submission	cut-off	time	as	mentioned	in	the	above.	For	further	information	on	the	electronic	submission	of	the	Form	of	
Proxy,	kindly	refer	to	the	Administrative	Guides.	
Notice of Annual General Meeting
(ix)	 If	you	have	submitted	your	Form	of	Proxy	and	subsequently	decide	to	appoint	another	person	or	wish	to	participate	in	our	virtual	
27th	AGM	by	yourself,	please	write	to	bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com or login to https://investor.boardroomlimited.com 
(as	the	case	maybe)	to	revoke	the	earlier	appointed	proxy	before	the	27th	AGM.	On	revocation,	your	proxy(ies)	will	not	be	
allowed	to	participate	in	the	27th	AGM.	In	such	event,	you	should	advise	your	proxy	accordingly.
(x)	 Pursuant	 to	Paragraph	8.29A	of	the	MMLR	of	Bursa	Securities,	all	the	resolutions	set	out	in	the	Notice	of	the	27th	AGM	will	
put	to	vote	by	way	of	poll.	A	Poll	Administrator	and	Independent	Scrutineers	will	be	appointed	to	conduct	the	polling	process	
and	verify	the	results	of	the	poll	respectively.	
explanatOry nOtes 
1. audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 d ecember 2023
	 The	 Audited	Financial	Statements	under	Item	1	of	the	Agenda	are	laid	in	accordance	with	subsection	340(1)(a)	the	Companies	
Act	2016	for	discussion	only.	They	do	not	require	shareholders’	approval	and	hence,	this	agenda	item	will	not	be	put	forward	
for	voting.
2. Ordinary resolutions 1 to 4 - r e-election of directors 
	 The	 Board,	through	the	Board	Nomination	and	Remuneration	Committee,	has	conducted	an	annual	assessment	of	each	
Director	eligible	for	re-election	and	is	satisfied	with	their	performance,	contribution	and	effectiveness,	meeting	the	fit	and	
proper	criteria	outlined	in	the	Company’s	Fit	and	Proper	Policy.	Mr	Haakon	Bruaset	Kjoel,	Datuk	Iain	John	Lo,	Puan	Khatijah	
Shah	Mohamed,	and	Mr	Kasper	Wold	Kaarbø,	all	eligible,	have	offered	themselves	for	re-election	at	the	27th	AGM.
	 The	 retiring	Directors,	have	abstained	from	deliberations	and	decisions	on	their	own	eligibility	and	suitability	to	stand	for	
re-election	at	the	relevant	Board	and	Board	Committees	meetings.	They	do	not	hold	any	shares	in	the	Company	and	have	no	
conflict	of	interests	with	the	Company	except	as	disclosed	in	the	Director’s	profiles,	which	are	available	from	pages	6	to	11	of	
the Integrated Annual Report 2023. 
3. Ordinary resolution 5 - p ayment of directors’ fees and benefits
	 Pursuant	 to	subsection	230(1)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016,	the	fees	of	the	directors	and	any	benefits	payable	to	the	directors	
including	any	compensation	for	loss	of	employment	of	a	director	or	former	director	of	a	public	company	or	listed	company	and	
its	subsidiaries,	shall	be	approved	at	a	general	meeting. 	
	 The	fees	and	benefits	structure	of 	the	Non-Executive	Directors	of	the	Company	are	as	follows:
-	 Monthly 	fixed	fees	for	duties	as	Chair/Directors;
-	 Monthly 	fixed	fees	for	duties	as	Board	Committees	Chair/Members;	and	
-	 Medical	and	insurance	coverage,	telecommunication	facilities	and	other 	claimable	benefits	payable.
	 The	 Non-Executive	Directors,	who	are	also	employees	of	Telenor	Group	or	Axiata	Group	shall	not	be	entitled	to	the	Directors’	
fees	and	benefits	payable.	
	 The	 Directors’	fees	and	benefits	payable	for	the	Non-Executive	Directors	for	the	period	from	27	May	2024	until	the	conclusion	
of	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	(“Mandate Period”)	are	estimated	not	to	exceed	RM2,468,000.	The	calculation	is	based	
on	the	assumption	that	the	number	of	eligible	Non-Executive	Directors	will	remain	until	the	next	AGM.	This	resolution	is	to	
facilitate	payment	of	the	Directors’	fees	and	benefits	for	the	Mandate	Period.	The	Board	will	seek	shareholders’	approval	at	the	
next	AGM	in	the	event	the	Directors’	fees	and	benefits	proposed	are	insufficient.
	 Detailed	 breakdowns	of	Directors’	remuneration	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2023	is	disclosed	in	the	Integrated	
Annual	Report	2023	and	Corporate	Governance	Report	2023,	 which	are	accessible	to	the	public	at	the	Company’s	 website.
Notice of Annual General Meeting

---- Page 131 ----
Message From Our Leaders Our Plans For Success Performance Review
258
Who We Are
4.	 Ordinary resolution 6 - appointment of pricewaterhousecoopers plt as auditors of the company
	 The	 Board	and	Board	Audit	Committee	proposed	PricewaterhouseCoopers	PLT	(“PwC”)	as	new	Auditors	of	CelcomDigi	Group	
after	taking	into	consideration	the	profile,	adequacy	of	the	resources	and	experience	of	PwC	to	meet	the	audit	obligation	of	
the Company and its subsidiaries.
	 The	 Company’s	retiring	Auditors,	Ernst	&	Young	PLT	(“ey”)	has	been	the	Auditors	of	the	Company	since	2005.	The	Board	
acknowledged	EY’s	past	services	and	expressed	their	gratitude.	PwC’s	appointment	as	Auditors,	replacing	EY,	is	contingent	
upon	shareholders’	approval	at	the	27th	AGM.
5.	 Ordinary resolutions 7 to 11 - p roposed renewal of shareholders’ mandates 1 to 5
	 Ordinary 	Resolutions	7	to	11	proposed	under	items	6	to	10	of	the	Agenda,	if	passed,	will	allow	CelcomDigi	Group	to	enter	
into	recurrent	related	party	transactions,	in	accordance	with	Paragraph	10.09	of	the	MMLR	of	Bursa	Securities,	without	the	
necessity	to	convene	separate	general	meetings	from	time	to	time	to	seek	shareholders’	approval	as	and	when	such	recurrent	
related	party	transactions	occur.	This	would	reduce	substantial	administrative	time	and	expenses	associated	with	the	convening	
of	such	meetings	without	compromising	the	corporate	objectives	of	CelcomDigi	Group	or	affecting	the	business	opportunities	
available	to	CelcomDigi	Group.	The	shareholders’	mandates	are	subject	to	renewal	on	an	annual	basis.
Please	refer	to	the	Circular	for	further	information.
Personal data privacy
By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, participate, speak and vote at the 27th AGM and/
or any adjournment thereof, a shareholder of the Company, the said proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) (i) consents to the collection, use 
and disclosure of the shareholder’s and/or the said proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) personal data by the Company (or its agents) for 
the purpose of processing and administration by the Company (or its agents) of proxies and representatives appointed for the 27th AGM 
(including any adjournment thereof), and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to 
the 27th AGM (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents) to comply with any applicable laws, listing 
rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the “Purposes”), (ii) warrants that where the Shareholder discloses the personal data of 
the shareholder’s proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents), the shareholder has obtained the prior consent of such 
proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) 
and/or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the shareholder will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, 
liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the shareholder’s breach of warranty.
Notice of Annual General Meeting
FORM OF
PROXY
CeLCOMDiGi beRhAD
Registration	No.	199701009694	(425190-X)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
no. of shares held :
cds account no. :
I/We*	__________________________________________________________NRIC	/	Passport	/	Registration	No.*		___________________________________ 
   (Name in full)
of	____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
(Address)
with email address	___________________________________________________________tel.	no./mobile	no.	_______________________________________
being	a	shareholder/shareholders*	of	CeLCOMDiGi beRhAD	(“the	Company”),	hereby	appoint(s):-
full name: nrIc/passport no.: proportion of shareholding to be 
represented by the proxy/proxies:
no. of shares %
Address:
Tel.	No./Mobile	No.: Email	Address:
*and/or	
full name: nrIc/passport no.: proportion of shareholding to be 
represented by the proxy/proxies:
no. of shares %
Address:
Tel.	No./Mobile	No.: Email	Address:
*and/or	
or	failing	him/her,	the	*Chair of the Meeting	as	my/our	proxy	to	vote	for	me/us	on	my/our	behalf	at	the	Twenty-Seventh	Annual	General	Meeting	
(“27th	AGM”)	of	the	Company	to	be	conducted	on	a	virtual	basis	at	the	broadcast	venue,	Auditorium,	Level	Podium	6,	Menara	CelcomDigi,	
No.	6,	Persiaran	Barat,	Seksyen	52,	46200	Petaling	Jaya,	Selangor	Darul	Ehsan,	Malaysia	on	Monday,	27	May	2024	at	10.00	a.m.	or	at	any	
adjournment thereof.
*Please delete as appropriate.
This	proxy	is	to	vote	on	the	resolutions	set	out	in	the	Notice	of	the	Meeting,	as	indicated	with	an	‘X’	in	the	appropriate	spaces	below.	If	no	
specific	direction	as	to	voting	is	given,	the	proxy	will	vote	or	abstain	from	voting	at	his/her	discretion.
no. resolution
Ordinary business For Against
1. Re-election	of	Mr	Haakon	Bruaset	Kjoel	as	Director. Ordinary	Resolution	1
2. Re-election	of	Datuk	Iain	John	Lo	as	Director.	 Ordinary	Resolution	2
3. Re-election	of	Puan	Khatijah	Shah	Mohamed	as	Director. Ordinary	Resolution	3
4. Re-election	of	Mr	Kasper	Wold	Kaarbø	as	Director. Ordinary	Resolution	4
5. Approval	of	the	payment	of	Directors’	fees	and	benefits	payable	to	the	Non-Executive	
Directors.
Ordinary	Resolution	5
6. Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT as Auditors of the Company and to authorise 
the	Directors	to	fix	their	remuneration.
Ordinary	Resolution	6
Special business
7. Proposed Renewal of Shareholders’ Mandate 1. Ordinary	Resolution	7
8. Proposed Renewal of Shareholders’ Mandate 2. Ordinary	Resolution	8
9. Proposed Renewal of Shareholders’ Mandate 3. Ordinary	Resolution	9
10. Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	Mandate	4.	 Ordinary	Resolution	10
11. Proposed	Renewal	of	Shareholders’	Mandate	5.	 Ordinary	Resolution	11
Signature or Common Seal of Shareholder(s)
Tel.	No./Mobile	No.:
Signed	this	 	 day 	of	 	 ,	2024

---- Page 132 ----
Notes:
(i)	 The	 27th	AGM	of	the	Company	will	be	conducted	on	a	virtual	basis	through	live	streaming	and	online	voting	using	Remote	Participation	and	
Electronic	Voting	(“RPev”)	facilities	at	https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my.	The	procedures	for	members	to	register,	attend,	speak	(in	the	form	of	
real	time	submission	of	typed	texts)	and	vote	(collectively,	“participate”)	remotely	via	the	RPEV	facilities	are	provided	in	the	Administrative	Guides	
for	the	27th	AGM	which	is	also	available	on	the	Company’s	website	at	https://corporate.celcomdigi.com/annualreport.
(ii)	 The	 Broadcast	Venue	is	strictly	for	the	purpose	of	complying	with	subsection	327(2)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016,	which	requires	the	Chair	
of	the	27th	AGM	of	the	Company	to	be	present	at	the	main	venue	in	Malaysia.	Shareholders/Proxies/Corporate	Representatives	WiLL nOt 
be ALLOWeD	to	attend	the	27th	AGM	in	person	at	the	Broadcast	Venue	on	the	day	of	the	Meeting.	Any	shareholders,	proxies	or	corporate	
representatives	who	turn	up	at	the	Broadcast	Venue	would	be	requested	to	leave	the	venue	politely.
(iii)	 In	respect	of	deposited	securities,	only	shareholders	whose	names	appear	on	the	Record	of	Depositors	on	20	May	2024	(General	Meeting	Record	
of	Depositors)	shall	be	eligible	to	attend,	participate,	speak	and/or	vote	at	the	Meeting.
(iv)	 A	shareholder	entitled	to	participate	at	the	27th	AGM	is	entitled	to	appoint	not	more	than	two	(2)	proxies	to	participate	on	his/her	behalf.	Where	
a	shareholder	appoints	more	than	one	(1)	proxy,	the	shareholder	must	specify	the	portion	of	their	shareholdings	each	proxy	will	represent	for	their	
appointment to be valid.
(v)	 A	proxy	or	attorney	need	not	be	a	shareholder	of	the	Company.	There	shall	be	no	restriction	as	to	the	qualification	of	the	proxy.	A	proxy	appointed	
to	participate	at	the	Meeting	shall	have	the	same	rights	as	the	shareholder	to	speak	at	the	Meeting.
(vi)	 Where	a	shareholder	of	the	Company	is	an	Exempt	Authorised	Nominee	which	holds	ordinary	shares	in	the	Company	for	multiple	beneficial	
owners	in	one	securities	account	(omnibus	account)	as	defined	under	the	Securities	Industry	(Central	Depositories)	Act	1991,	there	shall	be	no	
limit	to	the	number	of	proxies	which	the	Exempt	Authorised	Nominee	may	appoint	in	respect	of	each	omnibus	account	it	holds.
(vii)	 The	instrument	appointing	a	proxy	shall	be	in	writing	under	the	hand	of	the	appointer	or	his/her	attorney	duly	authorised	in	writing,	and	in	the	
case	of	a	corporation,	either	under	its	common	seal	or	under	the	hand	of	an	officer	or	attorney	duly	authorised.
(viii)	 The	instrument	appointing	a	proxy	together	with	the	power	of	attorney	(if	any)	or	a	certified	copy	thereof	must	be	deposited	at	the	Poll	
Administrator’s	Office,	Boardroom	Share	Registrars	Sdn	Bhd	at	11th	Floor,	Menara	Symphony,	No.	5,	Jalan	Professor	Khoo	Kay	Kim,	Seksyen	13,	
46200	Petaling	Jaya,	Selangor	Darul	Ehsan,	Malaysia	at	least	forty-eight	(48)	hours	before	the	time	appointed	for	holding	the	meeting	or	adjourned	
meeting,	otherwise,	the	instrument	of	proxy	shall	not	be	considered	valid.	Alternatively,	the	Form	of	Proxy	can	be	submitted	electronically	via	
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com	before	the	Form	of	Proxy	submission	cut-off	time	as	mentioned	in	the	above.	For	further	information	on	
the	electronic	submission	of	the	Form	of	Proxy,	kindly	refer	to	the	Administrative	Guides.	
(ix)	 If	you	have	submitted	your	Form	of	Proxy	and	subsequently	decide	to	appoint	another	person	or	wish	to	participate	in	our	virtual	27th	AGM	by	
yourself,	please	write	to	bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com or login to https://investor.boardroomlimited.com (as the case maybe) to revoke the 
earlier	appointed	proxy	before	the	27th	AGM.	On	revocation,	your	proxy(ies)	will	not	be	allowed	to	participate	in	the	27th	AGM.	In	such	event,	
you	should	advise	your	proxy	accordingly.
(x)	 Pursuant	 to	Paragraph	8.29A	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad,	all	the	resolutions	set	out	in	the	
Notice	of	the	27th	AGM	will	put	to	vote	by	way	of	poll.	A	Poll	Administrator	and	Independent	Scrutineers	will	be	appointed	to	conduct	the	polling	
process	and	verify	the	results	of	the	poll	respectively.
Personal Data Privacy
By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), the shareholder accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in 
the Notice of 27th AGM dated 16 April 2024.
Fold along this line (1)
Fold along this line (2)
Poll	Administrator	Office	for
CeLCOMDiGi beRhAD 
(registration no. 199701009694 (425190- x))
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd
11th	Floor,	Menara	Symphony
No.	5,	Jalan	Professor	Khoo	Kay	Kim
Seksyen	13,	46200	Petaling	Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Malaysia
Affix	Stamp
Here

---- Page 133 ----
www.celcomdigi.com
CelComDigi BerhaD
Reg. No. 199701009694 (425190-X)
Menara CelcomDigi
No. 6, Persiaran Barat,
Seksyen 52,
46200 Petaling Jaya,
Selangor, Malaysia
Printed on Environmental Friendly Paper.