---- Page 1 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ADVANCING SUSTAINABLE FINANCE
Launched a suite of sustainability-linked 
products
page 11
ENHANCING TECHNOLOGY RESILIENCE
Rolled-out Mobile Banking with a new customer 
interface, reﬁned features and better customer 
experience overall
page 15
GIVING BACK TO COMMUNITIES
Organised diverse CSR projects ranging 
from education, healthcare, environment, 
social development and many more
page 64
MOVING FORWARD WITH YOU

---- Page 2 ----
Our Retail and Institutional 
Customers: Around
25 
Million
Our Self-Service Access Points:
6,889
Our Retail Branches:
601
Our Workforce: Over
33,000
Our 
Presence

---- Page 3 ----


---- Page 4 ----
INSIDE
08 Corporate Profile
09 Commitment to Service Quality & Excellence
09 Our Values
10 Message from the Chairman
12 Letter from Group Chief Executive Officer
14 Performance Review by Chief Executive Officer
18 Commercial Banking
19 Consumer Banking
20 Corporate, Transaction Banking
& Financial Institution Group
21 Treasury & Markets
22 Finance
23 Corporate Resources
24 Marketing & Communications
26 Technology & Data
27 Operations
28 Strategy
30 Risk Management
34 Compliance
35 Corporate Assurance
35 Legal & Company Secretarial
72 Board of Directors
78 Joint Company Secretary
82 Management Team
01
OVERVIEW
05
BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT
02
BUSINESS REVIEW

---- Page 5 ----
THIS REPORT
38 Statement on Corporate Governance
50 Audit Committee Report
53 Statement on Internal Control
56 Corporate Structure
57 Organisation Chart
58 Corporate Information
62 Corporate Event Highlights
68 Media Highlights
158 Branch Network
160 Group Corporate Directory
07
CORPORATE DIRECTORY
92 Directors’ Report
94 Independent Auditor’s Report
96 Statement of Financial Position
97 Statement of Profit or Loss and
other Comprehensive Income
98 Statement of Changes in Equity
99 Statement of Cash Flows
100 Notes to the Financial Statements
142 Supplementary Financial Information
Required by the National Bank of Cambodia
06
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
03
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
04
HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023

---- Page 6 ----
01

---- Page 7 ----
08 Corporate Proﬁle
09 Commitment to Service Quality & Excellence
09 Our Values
10 Message from the Chairman
12 Letter from Group Chief Executive Oﬃcer
14 Performance Review by Chief Executive Oﬃcer
OVERVIEW

---- Page 8 ----
CORPORATE PROFILE
CIMB Bank PLC was established in Cambodia on 19 November 2010 
with the opening of a commercial banking branch in the heart of 
Phnom Penh. Today, the Bank operates 14 branches with 11 cash 
deposit machines, 10 cheque deposit machines and 40 ATMs across 
ﬁve major cities: Phnom Penh, Siem Reap, Preah Sihanouk, Battambang 
and Kampong Cham. 
We currently serve more than 35,000 corporate and individual customers. 
In response to growing demand from our customers across Cambodia, 
the Bank oﬀers a wide range of banking products and services including 
consumer, commercial, corporate & transaction banking and ﬁnancial 
institution group.
As of December 2023, CIMB Bank PLC employed over 500 employees 
with diverse experience and expertise in the banking and ﬁnancial 
industry, amongst others. CIMB Bank PLC is committed to building 
a strong and sustainable ﬁnancial future for our customers. We have 
constantly striven, from the very beginning, to create opportunities 
and value through our innovative products and services. We pride 
ourselves on being not only a ﬁnancial services provider, but also a true 
business partner to assist customers in making the right ﬁnancial 
and investment decisions. CIMB Bank PLC is a Cambodian subsidiary 
of CIMB Group.
CIMB Group is a leading focused ASEAN bank and one of the region’s 
foremost corporate advisors. It is also a world leader in Islamic ﬁnance. 
The Group is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and oﬀers 
consumer banking, commercial banking, wholesale banking, Islamic 
banking, wealth management and digital payment products and 
services. It is the ﬁfth largest banking group by assets in ASEAN and, 
as at the end of December 2023, had our around 33,000 staﬀ and 
over 25 million customers.
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad has been listed on the Main Market of 
Bursa Malaysia since 1987 and has market capitalisation of RM62.4 
billion as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 December 2023, total assets 
stood at RM733.6 billion, with total shareholders’ funds of RM69.8 billion 
and total Islamic assets of RM205.7 billion. At the end of December 
2023, the substantial shareholders were Khazanah Nasional Berhad 
with 23.0%, Employees Provident Fund with 12.3% and Kumpulan Wang 
Persaraan (Diperbadankan) with 6.0%.
Siem Reap
Battambang
Preah Sihanouk
Phnom Penh
Kampong Cham
14 
Branches
500+
Employees
35,000+
Customers
ABOUT CIMB BANK PLC ABOUT CIMB GROUP
08 OVERVIEW CORPORATE PROFILE
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 9 ----
COMMITMENT TO SERVICE QUALITY & EXCELLENCE
OUR VALUES
FOCUS ON SOLUTIONS
OR WHAT WE CAN DO
FOR CUSTOMERS –
NOT WHAT WE CAN’T.
CIMB Bank is a people-driven business. The role of CIMB Bank PLC is to serve our clients and customers, 
or to serve the people who serve our clients and customers. 
Since CIMB Bank PLC’s early days, customers and clients have been core to everything we do. The ﬁrst of our ﬁve values is that we are customer 
centric. We exist for our clients and customers and recommend products and services that they understand and value. 
We place equal emphasis on our four other values, namely, Customer Obsessed, High Performance, Integrity, Diversity and Inclusion and Agility. 
We believe that the combination of these principles in everything we do creates long-term value for not just our customers, but for our staﬀ and 
stakeholders too. 
In pursuit of our customer service excellence goals, CIMB Bank has deﬁned our customer service pledge to provide our customers with positive 
services. Each and every time, we will:
GREET YOU WITH 
A SAMPEAH
SERVE YOU WITH 
A SMILE
SERVE YOU WITHIN
FIVE MINUTES AT
OUR BRANCHES
AT CIMB BANK, CUSTOMERS ARE THE FOCUS OF EVERYTHING THAT WE DO.
E
Enabling Talent
We enable and develop
our people. We want
to be the best place
for the best talent.
C
Collaboration
We commit to team
over individual success.
CIMB’s success is
our success.
C
Customer Centricity
We put customers at
the heart of everything
we do. We always do
right by them.
I
Integrity and Accountability
We act in an ethical and
trustworthy manner.
We take ownership 
of all our actions.
P
Passion
We pursue excellence
in all we do and deliver
beyond the ordinary.
09
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
OVERVIEW COMMITMENT TO SERVICE QUALITY & EXCELLENCE | OUR VALUES

---- Page 10 ----
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
10 OVERVIEW MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
In 2023, the global economy witnessed a pivotal phase marked by 
monetary tightening eﬀorts, a gradual normalisation of supply chains, 
and China's struggle with weak domestic demand. Central banks 
across major economies initiated measures to rein in inﬂation, leading 
to cautious adjustments in monetary policy. Simultaneously, supply 
chains showed signs of stabilisation after prolonged disruptions, 
though challenges lingered, especially concerning input shortages and 
transportation bottlenecks. The global recovery remains slow as the 
International Monetary Fund (IMF) reported the growth to shrink from 
3.5% in 2022 to 3.0% in 2023.
Turning to the ASEAN region, economic prospects in 2023 demonstrated 
commendable resilience and adaptability, holding its ground amid 
global uncertainties. While facing challenges similar to those encountered 
by the EU and China, such as supply chain disruptions and geopolitical 
tensions, ASEAN nations showcased notable ﬂexibility and agility in 
response. Leveraging regional integration initiatives and digitalisation 
eﬀorts, ASEAN economies pursued avenues for growth and diversiﬁcation, 
positioning themselves as attractive destinations for investment and 
trade. The ASEAN region is expected to maintain its appeal to foreign 
direct investment, with patterns in both commercial and state 
investment likely to stay steady over the course of the year.
Backed by the Royal Government of Cambodia’s long-term goals, the 
National Bank of Cambodia reported that Cambodia's economy grew 
by 5.5% in 2023, mainly driven by robust expansion in tourism and 
non-garment manufacturing sectors. Tourism saw exceptional growth 
at 19.8%, with international visitors reaching 5.5 million. Non-garment 
manufacturing, particularly in electronics and vehicles, surged signiﬁcantly. 
However, manufacturing for the domestic market experienced a 
decline. Agriculture sector experienced a slight uptick, supported by 
growth in rice, rubber, and ﬁsheries. Construction and real estate 
sectors grew at slower rates. The balance of payments is projected 
to have a surplus of USD226.1 million, with increased international 
reserves, reaching USD20 billion, equivalent to seven months of 
imports, surpassing the benchmark for developing countries.
Despite a 34% year-on-year (YoY) decline in net proﬁt to USD21.17mil, 
our ﬁnancial performance in 2023 revealed some encouraging trends. 
Deposit increased by 17% YoY, a remarkable year achievement. This 
growth reﬂects the culmination of our endeavors to enhance our Loan 
to Deposit (LDR) ratio over the course of 2023. 
Interest income increased by 14% YoY, driven by strong loan growth and 
higher interest income on investments. However, this was oﬀset 
by a substantial 64% YoY increase of Interest Expense. The uncertain 
economic climate has dampened investment appetite throughout the 
year, signiﬁcantly impacting our fee income performance. To address 
this, we plan to enhance our fee income generation capabilities. CIMB 
Bank PLC has just launched a new version of CIMB Mobile with 
enhanced features. As we expand our range of product oﬀerings 
and better meet customers’ needs, we have introduced new products
for a larger segment including SME ﬁnancing solutions and Prime 
Current Account. 
At CIMB, we believe culture drives performance. We strive to maintain 
a workplace culture that prioritises learning, development, and 
organisational values as the foundation of a high performing and 
engaged workforce. 
As a people-driven business, CIMB Bank PLC is renowned as a place 
where talent thrives. We attract, retain, and nurture top talent to 
prepare them for the future locally and regionally. We expose our talented 
employees to various platforms and eﬀective mechanisms to ensure 
their knowledge expands, added value is created, and innovation 
is shared. Our investment in people is reﬂected in the over 18,500 
annual man-hours dedicated to in-country and overseas training, 
averaging 38 hours per employee. These development eﬀorts have 
resulted in staﬀ capacity growth, leveraging and maximising our 
collective strengths to achieve the utmost competitive advantage 
among our peers.
2023 Operating Environment
A Purpose-Driven Organisation
Our resilience is further demonstrated by maintaining a consistent 
gross non-performing loans (NPL) ratio of 1.69%, compared to 
industry’s 5.32%.

---- Page 11 ----
11
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
OVERVIEW MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
On behalf of the Board of Directors of CIMB Bank PLC, I wish to sincerely 
extend my deepest gratitude and appreciation to the Royal Government 
of Cambodia, the National Bank of Cambodia, and all our valued 
customers for their steadfast support and trust in CIMB Bank PLC since 
its establishment in 2010. I also wish to express my heartfelt thanks 
to our CEO, members of the Management Committee, and the entire 
#teamCIMB in Cambodia for consistently delivering outstanding results 
that we can all take pride in. And we look forward to 2024 as another 
year of growth and development for Cambodia's banking and ﬁnancial 
sector. 
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
Chairman
Tree planting ceremony on Campaign on Trees & Grasses Planting for Preserving the Angkor World Heritage Site, at Angkor Wat temple
In addition to fostering sustainable growth for our customers and 
employees, CIMB Cambodia is committed to giving back to the 
community as part of CIMB's core values. CIMB Cambodia participates 
in various Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) projects, including 
initiatives in education, healthcare, the environment, and social 
development. In 2023, we organised several events, including a 
collaboration with the APSARA Natoinal Authority for the Campaign 
on Trees and Grass Planting at the Angkor Archaeological Park in 
Siem Reap. This event was oﬃciated by HE. Dr. Phoeurng Sackona, 
Cambodia's Minister of Culture and Fine Arts.
In continuing the support for education, a Cambodian scholar was 
awarded the 2023 CIMB ASEAN Scholarship to pursue her bachelor's 
degree at Monash University in Australia. We are proud to announce 
that, to date, a total of three Cambodian scholars have successfully 
competed with other ASEAN students to earn this prestigious full 
scholarship.
Sustainability remained a top priority for CIMB and an integral part 
of our Forward23+ strategic plan. We have consistently stayed on 
target or even outperformed on our sustainability aspirations year on 
year. Adding to our current oﬀering of products and services, CIMB 
Bank PLC launch a suite of sustainability-linked products including 
Electric Vehicle ﬁnancing and Solar Rooftop ﬁnancing to encourage 
the adoption of low-carbon usage alternatives.
The EPICC values which were introduced in 2022 have been integrated 
into #teamCIMB throughout 2023. Representing 'Enabling Talent; 
Passion; Integrity and Accountability; Collaboration; and Customer 
Centricity’, EPICC guides our people to deliver impact the right way 
and this was our top-line priority in 2023. I take pride in working with 
a team that shares the same set of core values, but also celebrates 
value in diversity. Our continuing eﬀorts are to dedicate resources 
for the wellbeing of our people, new ways of working and creating a 
happier workplace, motivating personal and professional development 
alongside business priorities.

---- Page 12 ----
LETTER FROM GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Dear Shareholders,
2023 was a challenging year for Cambodia, amidst a diﬃcult global 
environment characterised by elevated interest rates to quell persistent 
inﬂation and escalating geopolitical and economic tensions. Nevertheless, 
Cambodia's economy sustained growth at 5.5% with key drivers including 
exports of garments, footwear, and travel goods, along with robust 
activity in tourism, agriculture, real estate, and construction sectors. 
Additionally, eﬀorts were made to diversify export markets, notably 
expanding trade relations with China, Japan, and South Korea, aiming 
to reduce reliance on the United States and European markets.
In light of the challenging economic conditions, CIMB Cambodia's ﬁnancial 
performance for FY2023 was adversely impacted. Our Proﬁt Before Tax 
(PBT) stood at USD21.17 million signiﬁcantly lower by USD11 million 
achieved in FY22. Operating income also declined by 13% to USD45.7 
million due to lower Net Interest Income (NII) and Non-Interest Income 
(NOII). Loans decreased by 7% year-on-year (YoY) while deposits grew 
strongly by 17% as the Bank prioritised liquidity growth over asset 
expansion. Return on Equity (ROE) was also lower at 8.54% as net proﬁt 
was impacted by the lower income. 
10.7%
RETURN ON EQUITY 
TOP QUARTILE
AMONG FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS IN ASEAN
1ST GLOBAL BANK
TO UNVEIL A SCIENCE-BASED NET ZERO 
DECARBONISATION TARGET FOR PALM OIL
88th
PERCENTILE ON THE S&P GLOBAL
CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY ASSESSMENT
CIMB GROUP’S KEY HIGHLIGHTS IN 2023
12 OVERVIEW LETTER FROM GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 13 ----
Abdul Rahman Ahmad
Group Chief Executive Oﬃcer
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad
Despite the challenging ﬁnancial performance, CIMB Cambodia continued 
to excel in areas such as digitalisation and customer experience where 
we maintained our commitment to enhancing digital oﬀerings to 
provide superior service to our customers. We launched our Mobile 
Banking version 1.2, which introduced a new user interface that brought 
about improved user experience and enhanced convenience. Additionally, 
investments were made to fortify our core IT infrastructure, including 
network ﬁrewall, network switch, and security measures, alongside 
enhancements to IT asset management and centralised monitoring. 
At the Group level, we have made signiﬁcant progress in our strategic 
plan Forward 23+ through targeted investments, strengthening our 
CASA franchise and expanding NOII. This together with lower provisions 
from sustained asset quality improvements led the Group to deliver 
strong Return on Equity (ROE) performance to reach 10.7% in FY23. 
 
In terms of cultural transformation, we are proud to see that our 
Group Organisational Health Index (OHI) moved to the top quartile 
among ﬁnancial institutions in ASEAN, with CIMB Cambodia also 
showing improvement and consistently ranked amongst top 3 within 
CIMB Group. 
On the sustainability front, we have made notable progress, reaching 
the 88th percentile on the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment. We also revised our sustainable ﬁnance target of RM100 
billion by 2024 from RM30 billion set originally given the strong progress 
we made to date. Furthermore, we became the ﬁrst global bank to 
unveil a science-based Net Zero decarbonisation target for palm oil.
As CIMB Group embarks on its ﬁnal year of our transformation journey, 
our eﬀorts will remain focused on enhancing our deposit and CASA 
franchise, expanding NOII, and rigorously managing costs to deliver 
on our Forward23+ FY24 ambitions. Cambodia’s economy is projected 
to recover strongly in 2024, with a GDP growth rate of 6.6%. This 
positive trajectory is driven by several factors, including robust 
tourism recovery, growth in domestic consumption, expansion in the 
non-garment manufacturing sector, strong foreign direct investments 
(FDIs), and infrastructure investment. Under the new government, the 
steadfast commitment to structural reforms also bodes well to deliver 
on this rapid economic growth. More positively, Cambodia's ﬁrm 
commitment to implement comprehensive climate change measures 
and embracing new technologies will help facilitate the transition to 
a greener and digitised economy. 
For CIMB Cambodia, our priority will be to grow deposit & CASA by 
increasing and diversifying customer base through emerging retail 
aﬄuent, SME and Business Banking. This will be driven by increasing 
branch and sales productivity, deliver on digital platform initiatives 
and enhancing our organisational structure and capabilities. We are 
optimistic that if we execute these strategies, CIMB Cambodia will be 
in a strong position to deliver improved performance.
On behalf of CIMB Group, I would like to express my deepest gratitude 
to the Royal Government of Cambodia and the National Bank of Cambodia 
for their continued support. I would also like to thank the Chairman, 
Board of Directors, our valued customers, shareholders and all 
stakeholders for their trust and support in CIMB Bank PLC in Cambodia. 
Finally, I extend my heartfelt appreciation to the dedicated management 
team, led by Bun Yin, and the entire #teamCIMB in Cambodia. Your 
unwavering commitment, hard work, and invaluable contributions 
have been instrumental during this challenging period. With your 
ongoing support, I am conﬁdent that CIMB Cambodia will maintain 
its strong position with the local banking industry and reach even 
greater heights in the year ahead.
13
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
OVERVIEW LETTER FROM GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 14 ----
PERFORMANCE REVIEW BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The operating conditions which CIMB Bank PLC encountered in 2023 
have been some of the most challenging since our inception. Persistent 
global headwinds in terms of inﬂationary pressures, all-time high 
interest rates, an unusually strong US Dollar and continued disruption 
to commodity and energy markets have resulted in an uneven recovery 
in major economies, many of which are key trading partners of 
Cambodia.
These global developments have had a profound impact on the 
Cambodian economy. The upswing in global commodity prices have 
precipitated the highest levels of inﬂation observed in the nation in 
over a decade. High interest rates, especially for US Dollar denominated 
assets have also resulted in a sharp spike in expected returns on 
USD deposits locally, triggering an intense competition for funding 
and liquidity. The higher cost of funds is further compounded by the 
relative inelasticity of loan pricing, where ﬁnancial institutions are 
constrained by a large proportion of ﬁxed-rate loans. As a result, we 
have seen severe net interest margin (NIM) compression across most 
banks in 2023, with CIMB Cambodia amongst them.
Despite these diﬃcult conditions, I am truly proud to share that CIMB 
Cambodia has sustained its strong track record of proﬁtability, and 
most importantly, we continue to upload our long-standing principle 
of asset quality above all else. It is our ﬁrm belief that the best defense 
against uncertain market conditions is a robust and resilient loan 
portfolio. In this context, CIMB Cambodia has certainly delivered, with 
one of the lowest impaired loan ratios amongst all ﬁnancial institutions 
in the nation. Aside from minimizing credit losses, our strong loan 
book gives us the capacity to scale-up conﬁdently, as we look forward 
to the return of economic stability in the years ahead.
2023 Operating Environment
17%
YEAR-ON-YEAR 
DEPOSIT GROWTH
14%
YEAR-ON-YEAR INTEREST 
INCOME GROWTH
1.69%
NON-PERFORMING LOAN RATIO
USD21.17 MILLION
PROFIT BEFORE TAX
CIMB BANK PLC’S KEY HIGHLIGHTS IN 2023
14 OVERVIEW PERFORMANCE REVIEW BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 15 ----
CIMB Cambodia registered an FY2023 Proﬁt Before Tax (PBT) of 
USD21.17million, a decrease of about 34% from the year before. This 
is mainly attributed to the compression in NIM observed across the 
entire ﬁnancial sector in the Nation. This is clearly illustrated in the 
composition of our Net Interest Income, where although Interest 
Income grew at a healthy 14% year-on-year (YoY), we saw Interest 
Expense spike by 64% YoY. The near-5x diﬀerential in Interest Income 
versus Interest Expense growth has had a signiﬁcant impact on our 
proﬁtability margins, ultimately translating to a lower PBT than the 
year before.
In terms of loans growth, we prioritized asset quality over outright 
expansion, as observed by the 7% YoY decline in in outstanding 
loans. The beneﬁts of our strategy of pursuing high quality assets is 
evident in our FY2023 NPL ratio of only 1.69% - remarkably low 
compared to 5.32% for the overall Cambodian ﬁnancial sector.  
We had an excellent year for deposits, with an outstanding YoY 
increase of 17%. This represents the fruition of our eﬀorts to improve 
our Loan to Deposit (LDR) ratio throughout 2023. In view of highly 
volatile interest rates, especially in interbank lending, we had taken the 
prudent step of acquiring more customer deposits while simultaneously 
low ering our exposure to interbank borrowings. This has substantially 
reduced CIMB Cambodia’s funding and liquidity risk, and has enabled 
us to better control our cost of funds.
We continued to make good progress across our business lines, 
operations and technology infrastructure. In Consumer Banking, we 
were able to grow deposits by 17% YoY, while maintaining a stable 
NPL ratio in the Consumer loan portfolio. We also upgraded three 
branches to ensure our high standards for Customer Experience (CX) 
are delivered nationwide at our physical touch points. In line with 
our Customer’s increasing demands for convenient online banking, 
we rolled-out Mobile Banking with a new customer interface, reﬁned 
features and better customer experience overall.
In Commercial Banking, we saw a remarkable 40% YoY growth in 
deposits, and maintained our loan book while upholding strong 
credit discipline. And in Corporate, Transaction Banking and Financial 
Institution Group (FIG), where our customers are most vulnerable 
to external economic factors, we are pleased to have minimal loan 
impairments and strong LDR. Our Treasury and Markets team did well 
to manage movements in our balance sheet while driving non-interest 
income where we are particularly proud to see a 31% growth in Foreign 
Exchange (FX) revenues.
As we look back on what has been a most eventful year, I am very 
pleased to report that CIMB Cambodia’s fundamentals remain very 
strong. We are fortunate to have a large, well-diversiﬁed and growing 
portfolio of customers, and we are tremendously proud to have the 
best banking team in Cambodia to bring these relationships to the 
next level. Our asset quality and no-compromise approach to credit 
discipline has withstood numerous tests, and has prevailed. And we 
have demonstrated our ability to attract quality deposits even in the 
face of intense competition. With these foundations ﬁrmly in place, 
I look forward to 2024 with great optimism, and am conﬁdent that 
CIMB Cambodia will overcome any challenge we encounter in the 
year ahead.
On behalf of the management team CIMB Cambodia, let me convey 
our deepest gratitude to all our loyal customers, our board of directors 
and all employees for a truly memorable 2023. I would also like to 
express our sincerest appreciation to the Royal Government of Cambodia 
and the National Bank of Cambodia for the vital roles they play, and 
for their continued leadership and guidance. We are tremendously 
grateful all our stakeholders for their unwavering support in bringing 
CIMB Cambodia to where it is today, and we hope to further strengthen 
these relationships as we look towards the year ahead and beyond.
Our Performance in 2023
Bun Yin
Chief Executive Oﬃcer
15
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
OVERVIEW PERFORMANCE REVIEW BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 16 ----
02

---- Page 17 ----
BUSINESS REVIEW
18 Commercial Banking
19 Consumer Banking
20 Corporate, Transaction Banking & Financial Institution Group
21 Treasury & Markets
22 Finance
23 Corporate Resources
24 Marketing & Communications
26 Technology & Data
27 Operations
28 Strategy
30 Risk Management
34 Compliance
35 Corporate Assurance
35 Legal & Company Secretarial

---- Page 18 ----
In 2023, deposit under Commercial Banking grew really well at 40% year-on-year while loan remained stable. The division’s good current 
account/savings account (CASA) ratio of 56% is testament to strong balance sheet management that resulted in lowering overall cost of funding. 
Commercial Banking’s asset quality continues to remain robust with a low non-performing loan (NPL) ratio of only 1.45%.  
By end of 2023, Commercial Banking had a total of 62 personnel, comprising two Commercial Banking Centres, Small and Medium Enterprise 
segment and Business support, Asset Quality and Control. With the focus on improving knowledge, experience and creating a clear path of career 
progression, various programs were put in place for the development of our employees. These have raised competency as seen by strong 
improvements in eﬃciency and productivity and through the promotion of key employees who have taken up positions of higher responsibility 
within the team. 
We were also able to leverage on CIMB Group’s regional network for a two-way referral between CIMB Bank in Cambodia and the Group’s other 
core markets in Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Vietnam and Thailand. With a regional referral framework in place, we are able to create more 
value for our customers by facilitating cross-border sourcing and business expansion for them.
COMMERCIAL BANKING 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND KEY INITIATIVES IN 2023
CIMB Bank PLC’s Commercial Banking Division caters for the Bank’s business 
customers while oﬀering loan and deposit products, together with transactional 
services to small & medium enterprises (SMEs) and medium size corporates.
Deposit Growth
40%
CASA Ratio
56%
NPL Ratio
1.45%
With our strong foundation and continuous improvement of employee competency, we are hopeful in continuing our strong growth and in 
maintaining good assets quality for 2024. It was tough in the past 3 years from impact of the pandemic and global crisis, especially the year 
of 2023. However, we expect this situation will be in better position, and Cambodia will have a better economic growth in 2024 opening up for more 
business opportunities. 
In 2024, we will further improve our processes to better serve our rapidly growing customer base and improve overall productivity. We will continue 
to invest in developing our employees with more targeted training programmes and skill-enhancement initiatives.
PLANS FOR 2024
18 BUSINESS REVIEW COMMERCIAL BANKING
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BANK
GUARANTEE
CURRENT
ACCOUNT
OTHER TRADE
FINANCE PRODUCTS
& SERVICES
SMALL & MEDIEM
ENTERPRISE LOAN
LETTER
OF CREDIT
FOREIGN
EXCHANGE
REVOLVING
CREDIT
OVERDRAFTTERM LOAN
PRODUCTS IN COMMERCIAL BANKING
FIXED DEPOSIT ESCROW
ACCOUNT
FOREIGN CURRENCY
ACCOUNT
TRANSACTIONAL
SERVICES

---- Page 19 ----
In 2023, even though the COVID-19 pandemic has been recovered, but its economic impact to the retail banking is still occurring which made 2023 
is more challenging year if compare to 2022. However, Consumer Banking achieved several key performance matrixes including maintaining 
a positive deposit growth rate and our track record of a very low non-performing loan (NPL) ratio.
Employee development programmes is always one of the Bank’s top priorities. With support from the personnel development team, we conducted 
a variety of upskilling and training programmes for the beneﬁt of our employees. This covered a broad range of hard and soft skills which included 
sales and service excellence, credit assessment, risk management, compliance-related requirements and system & process-related awareness 
programmes.
CONSUMER BANKING 
UPGRADE MOBILE BANKING 
TO IMPROVE CUSTOMER 
EXPERIENCE
CONTINUE TO IMPROVE AND
DEVELOP EMPLOYEE SKILLSETS
CONTINUE TO PUSH
CONSUMER LENDING AND 
CREDIT CARD
Some key initiatives will be implemented to improve customer service and to drive business results.
OUR PLANS FOR 2023 WILL FOCUS ON THE FOLLOWING AREAS
LAUNCH NEW COMPETITIVE
PRODUCT WITH ATTRACTIVE
FEATURES
FOCUS ON ENHANCING
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
HIGHLIGHTS OF KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
2023 KEY ACHIEVEMENTS 
PLANS FOR 2024
19
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSUMER BANKINGBUSINESS REVIEW
The Consumer Banking Division forms the backbone of CIMB Bank PLC’s 
operations in Cambodia, encompassing about 50% of total employees in the 
Bank. It serves a wide range of customers via a growing suite of products and 
services. Consumer Banking consists of 7 key departments such as Branch 
and Delivery, Deposit, Consumer Credit, Consumer Lending, Digital Delivery, 
Consumer Sales & Distribution and Customer Experience.
MAINTAIN ASSET QUALITY 
WITH A LOW NPL RATIO 
AT 3.32% 
ROLL OUT MOBILE BANKING 
SERVICE TO ATTRACT MORE 
CUSTOMERS AND TO IMPROVE
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
ENHANCE SYSTEMS AND
PROCESSES TO IMPROVE THE 
EXPERIENCE OF INTERNAL AND 
EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS
RELOCATE TO UPGRADE AND 
MODERNISE 3 BRANCHES 
INCLUDING TWO BRANCHES IN 
PHNOM PENH AND ONE BRANCH 
IN KAMPONG CHAM PROVINCE
ACHIEVE DEPOSIT GROWTH 
BY AROUND 17% FROM 
YEAR 2022

---- Page 20 ----
CORPORATE, TRANSACTION BANKING
& FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS GROUP
The Corporate Banking, Transaction Banking (CTB) and Financial Institution 
Group (FIG) Division is responsible for CIMB Bank’s relationships with local 
and multinational corporates, ﬁnancial institutions and CIMB Group’s global 
corporates who are operating in Cambodia. The Division’s scope includes 
funding, trade ﬁnancing, cash management and transactional service delivery 
as well as product innovation.
20 BUSINESS REVIEW CORPORATE, TRANSACTION BANKING & FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS GROUP
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
As the global economy grapples with the aftershocks of the pandemic, ongoing supply chain disruptions and geopolitical tensions, the banking 
sector witnessed unprecedented rising interest rates, a consequence of central banks’ eﬀorts to combat inﬂation. This leads to pressure on margins 
which is a major source of income for banks. While economic activity is somewhat dampened, borrowers ﬁnd it diﬃcult to service their debts due to 
combination of lower income, heightened uncertainty and disrupted business operations. As a result, the quality of assets of the banking sector 
is adversely aﬀected. Despite the headwinds, Corporate and FIG managed to close a satisfactory ﬁnancial year with good asset quality and a very 
strong loan to deposit ration (LDR). 
2023 IN REVIEW
Cambodia’s economy is expected to see steady growth in 2024, with a project growth rate of about 6.6%. The positive outlook is attributed 
to a stronger recovery in the tourism sector, increased growth in the services industry, expansion in non-garment manufacturing, strong foreign 
direct investment (FDI) and signiﬁcant infrastructure investment. However, the recovery could also face some challenges and risks such as global 
geopolitical tensions and economic slowdowns among its trade partners.
 
The National Bank of Cambodia (NBC) has put in place the initiative and plan to maintain the sound and stable ﬁnancial system. The NBC has 
actively promoted the use of the national currency, the riel, and has enhanced its role in a medium of exchange, unit of account and store of value 
support to the development of the digital economy and ﬁnancial inclusion through the use of innovative payment system and platforms such as 
Bakong and QR codes. The NBC has continuously strengthened the regulatory and supervisory framework, complied with international standards 
and best practices for the banking and microﬁnance sectors.
We will continue to innovate in order to meet the requirements of modern banking and customers, risk management and cyber security. At the 
same time, our main commitments will continue to be adherence to prudential banking practices in compliance with all directives by the NBC and 
international standards.
2024 OUTLOOK

---- Page 21 ----
TREASURY & MARKETS
21
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
TREASURY & MARKETSBUSINESS REVIEW
Treasury & Markets (T&M) Division of CIMB Bank PLC, in partnership with other 
business units, oﬀers cross-border solutions to both regional and domestic 
clients for trade, investment, and ﬁnancial needs. These solutions also include 
local and foreign exchange (FX) transactions for both Spot and Forward value 
dates, foreign currency deposits and remittance payment services. Additionally, 
T&M also manages the Bank’s funding to ensure suﬃcient liquidity with optimal 
cash ﬂows, while also diversifying funding sources through relationships with 
other banks in the market.
In 2023, Cambodia’s banking sector faced increased funding cost driven by a strong USD yield in the global markets and heightened exposure 
to credit risk amidst an overall economic slowdown. Banks encountered challenges in maintaining their usual business operations and favorable 
lending margins. Likewise, CIMB Bank PLC exerted considerable eﬀort to uphold its daily operations and market presence while delivering 
consistent value to clients. Throughout this challenging period, T&M division becomes paramount in ensuring the stability and resilience of 
the Bank through their proactive roles and responses to changing market conditions and in navigating the Bank’s balance sheet ﬂuctuation 
and direction.
To fulﬁll the responsibilities outlined above, the Funding desk within T&M demonstrated persistent eﬀorts and established new business 
collaborations with both local and international counterparts. They expanded their network of new counterparties to diversify funding sources, 
minimise cost and enhance investments. The desk’s annual performance exceeded its ﬁnancial budget by more than threefold. Nevertheless, T&M, 
in conjunction with Risk Management, successfully met the requirement for an annual review and testing of the Contingency Funding Plan (CFP). 
This performance aimed to enhance awareness of liquidity risk and proactively anticipate and mitigate any potential funding challenges that 
may arise.
At the front desk, T&M eﬀectively prepared and preserved its FX revenues throughout 2023, achieving an impressive annual growth in total of 
approximately 31%. This notable expansion was primarily driven by internal collaboration and commitment with other business units, as well as 
the Bank’s competitive pricing environment and value added to its clients and counterparts. Additionally, T&M diﬀerentiated its services by 
leveraging CIMB Group’s extensive network and regional franchise.
2023 IN REVIEW
Despite the potential tightening of monetary policy by Cambodia's regulators in 2024, which could impose additional burdens on the banking 
industry amidst market uncertainties, the on-going concerns of global high inﬂation and conﬂicts in Europe, Cambodia's economy has shown 
signiﬁcant signs of recovery. According to the report by World Bank, Cambodia’s economic growth was estimated at around 5.5% in 2023 and 
pick up to 6.6% in 2024.
With this optimistic forecast and the proactive approach of the NBC, T&M plans to uphold its long-term strategy by collaborating closely with 
its business units to oﬀer highly competitive products and services to both existing and new clients. Additionally, T&M aims to enhance its 
capabilities by expanding its network of bank and ﬁnancial institution counterparts. The division also intends to conduct annual reviews and 
updates of the Bank's Contingency Funding Plan to adapt to the rapidly evolving environment and maintain liquidity strength to meet clients' 
expectations fully.
Furthermore, T&M remains committed to focusing on the local currency (KHR) in 2024. It will continue eﬀorts to diversify counterparties and 
explore avenues to prepare for the anticipated growth of the Bank's KHR balance sheet and payment services, aligning with the NBC's long-term 
key initiatives.
2024 OUTLOOK AND STRATEGY

---- Page 22 ----
22 BUSINESS REVIEW FINANCE
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
FINANCE 
Finance Division is responsible for developing and executing accounting 
policies and procedures to comply with Cambodian Accounting Standards 
and guidelines stipulated by the National Bank of Cambodia. It also manages 
ﬁnancial performance reporting and analysis for each business unit.
ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2023
PLANS FOR 2024
In our ﬁnancial accounting, we ensure that all bank accounting processes are accurate, transparent and properly maintained. We also ensure 
constant compliance with all regulatory requirements, reporting to the National Bank of Cambodia as well as providing tax declarations to the 
General Department of Taxation, and ensuring timely and accurate ﬁnancial statement reporting to management and CIMB Group.
We have engaged with the local professional consulting ﬁrm to develop the Bank’s expected credit lost (ECL) model base on the Bank’s historical 
database. We have linked up with Group Finance expertise team to assist us through the completion of the exercise and ensure consistency 
with the group framework. We also engaged with Business Heads and Risk team for the development of the model and database. The team has 
completed the ECL Model development and has been implementing the new developed ECL model for ﬁnancial year 2023. The implementation 
stage involves documentation of the process, reviewing the policy, and on-going monitoring the model.
In December 2022, the National Bank of Cambodia (NBC) has conducted a workshop on the new regulatory reporting template for all the Banks 
and FIs to comply with. The new template has been on a test-run for the ﬁnancial year 2023 reporting. The team has conducted the gap analysis 
on the new reporting templates and worked with relevant stakeholders to ensure that the Bank is able to fulﬁll all the regulatory reporting 
templates on a timely and accuracy manner.
We have developed the guideline for ﬁxed asset registration module and rolled out the module to more users including branches, business units 
and business enablers. This improves on the ﬁxed asset movement tracking and the timely and accuracy of the reporting.
We have developed the in-house modules for ECL calculation, loan repayment by bucket, and e-payment registration with the support from 
IT team. This has been helping the team to better managing the database and improving the turn-around-time. Moreover, it provides a more 
reliable database maintenance.
We have engaged with the local professional consulting ﬁrm to develop the Bank’s expected credit lost (ECL) model base on the Bank’s historical 
database. We have linked up with Group Finance expertise team to assist us through the completion of the exercise and ensure consistency 
with the group framework. We also engaged with Business Heads and Risk team for the development of the model and database. The team 
has completed the ECL Model development and has been implementing the new developed ECL model for ﬁnancial year 2023. The implementation 
stage involves documentation of the process, reviewing the policy, and on-going monitoring the model.
In December 2022, the National Bank of Cambodia (NBC) has conducted a workshop on the new regulatory reporting template for all the Banks 
and FIs to comply with. The new template has been on a test-run for the ﬁnancial year 2023 reporting. The team has conducted the gap analysis 
on the new reporting templates and worked with relevant stakeholders to ensure that the Bank is able to fulﬁll all the regulatory reporting 
templates on a timely and accuracy manner.
We have developed the guideline for ﬁxed asset registration module and rolled out the module to more users including branches, business units 
and business enablers. This improves on the ﬁxed asset movement tracking and the timely and accuracy of the reporting.
We have developed the in-house modules for ECL calculation, loan repayment by bucket, and e-payment registration with the support from 
IT team. This has been helping the team to better managing the database and improving the turn-around-time. Moreover, it provides a more 
reliable database maintenance.

---- Page 23 ----
CORPORATE RESOURCES
23
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE RESOURCESBUSINESS REVIEW
Corporate Resources oversees Human Resources, Administration & Property 
Management and Strategic Procurement. The key functions of Human Resources 
include talent acquisition, organisational development and workforce planning, 
rewards and performance management, learning and talent development, 
culture integration, employer branding, Corporate Social Responsibility and 
Employee engagement. 
HUMAN CAPITAL GROWTH AND TALENT DEVELOPMENT 
We are obsessed with talent growth, and we value each individual 
employee who has contributed to growing CIMB Bank PLC as it is today.
We work hard to ensure that our employee engagement and teamwork are at the highest level, cultivating through 
programmes such as Leadership Sharing Session, Town hall, Tuesday Chat with staﬀ, Team Building and Staﬀ Gala Dinner 
to name a few.  We run a yearly bank-wide Internal Customer Satisfaction Survey to allow our employees to share their voices 
to bring the organisation to the next level. We inculcate the mindset of open culture to bring improvement and betterment 
in the workplace. We believe that Engaged Employees Are Productive. 
WHERE EMPLOYEES ARE ENGAGED
We have robust performance management practices driven by Key Performance Indicators (KPI). We ensure our KPIs are aligned 
with the business goals and Group’s direction. Our KPI entails compliance and governance elements and linkage between 
performance and rewards. On top of KPI, we embrace the culture of ongoing performance conversations across the organisation 
to ensure our people are on track and are able to receive prompt support in order for them to achieve higher in their respective 
performance. 
WHERE PERFORMANCE AND REWARDS ARE COMMENSURATE WITH EACH OTHER 
Guided by our core pillars of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) naming Education, Healthcare, Environment, and Social 
Development, our employee has had the opportunity to contribute corporately and individually to the community where we 
serve. The giving-back has not only become our priority, but it has also been made mandatory to reﬂect our strong commitment 
as an entity as well as seedling the love and spirit of giving among our staﬀ. 
WHERE GIVING BACK TO OUR SOCIETY IS PRIORITISED
As a purpose-driven organisation, CIMB Bank PLC is grounded on our EPICC culture which stands for Enabling Talent, Passion, 
Integrity & Accountability, Collaboration and Customer Centricity. These guiding principles have translated into everything we do 
ranging from empowering our talent to create impact to the organisation, fostering mindset to strive for excellence, doing the right 
thing even nobody is watching, and seeking for collective success as we put all our eﬀort to providing strong customer experience.
WHERE THE CIMB CULTURE STRIVES
As a people-driven business, CIMB Bank PLC is known as a home where talent grows. We strive to attract, to retain and to nurture 
our top talents in order to prepare them for the future. We immerse them with the opportunities within or across departments 
locally and regionally. We expose talented employees through various platforms and eﬃcient mechanisms to ensure their 
knowledge is expanded, added value is created, and innovation is shared. The total man-hours, a measurement of our investment 
in people, for in-country and oversea training have grown to over 18,500 annually which equals to 38 hours per employee. The 
fruit of these development eﬀorts are seen in staﬀ capacity growth,  leveraging and maximising our collective strengths to bring 
forth the utmost competitive advantage among our peers.  
WHERE TALENT GROWS
CIMB BANK PLC IS A PLACE 

---- Page 24 ----
24 BUSINESS REVIEW MARKETING & COMMUNICATIONS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MARKETING & COMMUNICATIONS
The Marketing & Communications (Marcomm) unit plays an important role 
in driving the Bank’s communications agenda to enhance CIMB Cambodia’s 
proﬁle and branding. The unit oversees internal communications and external 
communications activities to promote its products and services. It develops and 
enhances the Bank’s brand positioning and communications agenda through 
an integrated framework comprising various functions covering branding, 
advertising and marketing, media and public relations, events and sponsorship 
management and internal communications. 
We have consistently positioned CIMB Bank PLC (CIMB Bank) as a ﬁnancial service provider and business partner that is simultaneously highly 
localised in Cambodia and well-connected across ASEAN. Aside from creating a narrative to cement CIMB Cambodia’s local identity, Marcomm 
leverages on CIMB Group’s ASEAN capabilities and communicates regional services, which are highly relevant to Cambodian customers such as 
CIMB Group’s ATM Regional Link, Same Day Telegraphic Transfers across 5 ASEAN nations and a host of regional rewards and privileges for shopping, 
dining and travelling. In addition, Marcomm has localised CIMB Group’s new brand promise of “Moving Forward With You”, a proposition adopted 
across all CIMB Group’s entities to communicate CIMB Group’s purpose of advancing customers and society to reinforce our continued support 
to our stakeholders as they rebuild their lives and livelihoods.
Functionally, Marcomm spearheaded the Bank’s both respective internal and external corporate events and activities. As our turn, we successfully 
hosted the Regional Directors’ Sharing Session, a top-senior regional annual meeting of CIMB Group, in Siem Reap province. Beyond our exciting 
meeting arrangement, we provided all board of directors and top management from ASEAN countries with a memorable unique experience of 
special excursion at Angkor Wat and exclusive gala dinner at Tommanon temple. Locally, we led in organising the oﬃcial launch of the new head 
oﬃce and three new relocated branches - two branches in Phnom Penh and one branch in Kampong Cham province as we have thrived to provide 
our customers a greater accessibility and more comfortable banking environment along with our innovative and competitive products and services. 
As part of our Customer Experience programme, we celebrated Customers’ Appreciation Day with joyful networking and gathering to engage 
customers more closely and to demonstrate the Bank’s gratitude toward their continued support and trust.
As a leading international bank in Cambodia, CIMB Bank is committed to serve customers with new advanced and caring products and services. 
In the previous year, CIMB Bank launched a new Smart Saving Account for our customers to experience banking transaction and saving in 
the same account with a highest interest of 3.25% per annum. To bring this product closer to the market, Marcomm managed and exercised the 
marketing plan and production to promote this new product to all new and existing customers with diﬀerent channels including advertisement 
on the news, social media platforms and activations. Noticeably, we made a bigger impact to raise the public awareness of our Smart Saving 
Account by organising a weekly roadshow campaign with a creative booth activation at AEON Mall Phnom Penh and AEON Mall Sen Sok. Due to 
our interesting and exciting agendas and programme with the celebrity’s entertainment show, our roadshow campaign attracted thousands of 
visitors, and hundreds of new customers opened on-site accounts at our booth.
Committed to build a high sustainable organisation that helps customers and society, CIMB Bank has contributed in Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) Projects nationwide, revolving diﬀerent sectors including Education, Healthcare, Social Development and Environment. In collaboration with 
the Ministry of Culture and Fine Arts and Apsara National Authority, Marcomm successfully organised CIMB Bank Tree Planting Ceremony at 
Angkor Wat, Siem Reap. This good act has reﬂected our care in preserving the Angkor world heritage sites and promoting its tourist attraction. 
For education, we have regularly supported the event activation and the publicity for the CIMB ASEAN Scholarship to announce and encourage 
Cambodian undergraduates to apply for this fully-funded scholarship at any world-class universities around the globe. Fortunately, a Cambodian 
scholar was awarded for 2023 CIMB ASEAN Scholarship to pursue her bachelor degree at Monash University, Australia. So far, we are proud to have 
total three successful Cambodian scholars who competed with other ASEAN students to achieve this full scholarship programme.
2023 KEY HIGHLIGHTS

---- Page 25 ----
2024 promises to be a very impressive year for Marcomm. CIMB Bank has built a concrete foundation and heritage for its fourteen years of its 
operation and milestone in Cambodia. With our awarded legacy as the “Best Company to work for” by HR Asia, we will further promote our employer 
branding to potential new-to-bank and professional candidates with our strong people agenda and employees’ welfares and beneﬁts. Our extensive 
work is to enhance CIMB Bank brand with our new theme, “Moving Forward with You”, by delivering diﬀerent marketing and advertising platforms 
to our customer as an international bank that could forward customers’ pursuit of personal and business-related aspirations toward success.
In line with CIMB Group’s strategy, we will maintain and extend our corporate brand identity and image as the “ASEAN-Focused Bank” and 
transform locally as the “Local Regional Bank”. In line to the market demands, we will continue to promote and advertise key focus products 
and services through our creative and trendy marketing campaigns. Moreover, we will continue to enhance the Bank’s public relations by 
engaging with a broad range of media publications across conventional and digital platforms. We will keep our social media platforms to be more 
active and attractive by fulﬁlling the changing trends of our audiences. Through our strength in human resource and people agenda, we will 
outspread to promote and advertise CIMB Bank’s career opportunities and to have a bigger presence and louder voice in the market with diﬀerent 
advertising formats and platforms.
In media and public relations roles, Marcomm strongly endeavoured to increase the Bank’s media exposure with diﬀerent media organisations, 
ranging from traditional to digital media such as newspapers, magazines, radio and television channels and websites. Our strong public relations 
agendas have formed solid conﬁdence among our new and existing customers and has cemented our good branding and image in the Cambodia’s 
market. Besides, we have established and kept up-to-date our corporate website and Facebook and LinkedIn page as our digital platforms to be 
parts of our engagement agenda, helping the Bank to access new customer segments and demographics as we expand our business lines.
2024 PRIORITIES
25
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MARKETING & COMMUNICATIONSBUSINESS REVIEW

---- Page 26 ----
26 BUSINESS REVIEW TECHNOLOGY & DATA
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
TECHNOLOGY & DATA
Technology & Data Division (TDD) operates across the Bank, delivering Information 
Technology (IT) services and data governance. The operating model is in line with 
CIMB Group Technology & Data (GTD). TDD reports to the local management of 
CIMB Bank PLC and has a matrix reporting line to Group Technology and Data. 
TDD provides all IT services to support business users (BU), manage all IT projects, 
maintain existing IT infrastructure and applications, build in-house systems to 
support business and internal control and monitor whole IT system security. 
In 2023, TDD had successfully completed strategic IT projects such as (i). Launching of Bakong Payment / Remittance, (ii). Refreshing technology 
of Trade Finance System, (iii). Improving on IT infrastructure such as upgrading servers and storage and adding another layer of network ﬁrewall, 
(iv). Improving IT internal control and security by replacing traditional anti-virus for all endpoint computers and refreshing technology of out-of-date 
security module for Card Management System (CMS), (v). Enhancing existing systems to reduce manual work, support business growth and 
comply with the regulator and compliance. 
In 2024, TDD will focus on digital renovation projects for both Consumer and Transaction Banking. Moreover, TDD will improve more on 
straight through process (STP) to reduce manual works and mistakes, refresh technology for all out-dated systems and continue to strengthen 
IT infrastructure and cyber resiliency.
LAUNCHING OF BAKONG
PAYMENT/REMITTANCE
ENHANCING
EXISTING SYSTEMS
REFRESHING
TECHNOLOGY OF
TRADE FINANCE SYSTEM
IMPROVING ON 
IT INFRASTRUCTURE
IMPROVING IT 
INTERNAL CONTROLL 
AND SECURITY
CYBER RESILIENCYDIGITAL RENOVATION STRAIGHT THROUGH
PROCESS (STP)
IT INFRASTRUCTURE
COMPLETED STRATEGIC IT PROJECTS IN 2023
KEY FOCUSES IN 2024

---- Page 27 ----
27
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
OPERATIONSBUSINESS REVIEW
OPERATIONS
The Operations Division operates across the bank by enabling operations back 
oﬃce support by ensuring that the transactions initiated from the Bank’s frontline 
and customers are swiftly and accurately proceeded. The main responsibilities 
of the Operations Division include local / international remittances, trade ﬁnance, 
inward / outward cheque clearing, self-service terminal (SST) management, 
centralised cash management, internet banking, mobile app and payroll fulﬁlment, 
treasury operations, loan disbursement / settlement and safekeeping of security 
documents, Bakong and other payment / settlement services. 
In 2023, aside from supporting Business Units (BUs) and other Business Enablers (BEs), the Operations Division had completed 17 strategic projects, 
centralised 02 functions and received 01 award as follows:
• Fifteen (15) projects to improve internal processes and transaction turnaround time, increase staﬀ productivity, mitigate risk and reduce 
paper printing;
• Two (02) projects including EMV chip card certiﬁcation and SWIFT release to comply with the regulator and compliance;
• Centralisation of two (02) functions for the update on customers’ concession rates from branches and insurance payment from Consumer 
Sales Distribution Operations;
• Recognition with one (01) award, 2022 STP (Straight-through Processing) Award, by BNY Mellon for outstanding payment formatting 
performance for MT103/MT202.
For 2024, the Operations Division will continue the journey from 2023 and will remain focus on simplifying processes and systems, improving 
operational risk and strengthening staﬀ’s competency through hard and soft skill training programmes. Besides, we will also embed the Operations 
team on sustainability principles.
THE MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE OPERATIONS DIVISION
LOCAL/INTERNATIONAL
REMITTANCES
CENTRALISED CASH 
MANAGEMENT
TRADE FINANCE INWARD / OUTWARD
CHEQUE CLEARING
SELF-SERVICE TERMINAL
(SST) MANAGEMENT
INTERNET BANKING BAKONG AND OTHER 
PAYMENT / SETTLEMENT
SERVICES
MOBILE APP AND 
PAYROLL FULFILMENT
TREASURY OPERATIONSLOAN DISBURSEMENT /
SETTLEMENT AND SAFEKEEPING
OF SECURITY DOCUMENTS
SIMPLIFYING PROCESSES
AND SYSTEMS
KEY FOCUSES IN 2024
IMPROVING 
OPERATIONAL RISK
STRENGTHENING
STAFF’S COMPETENCY 
EMBEDING SUSTAINABILITY
PRINCIPLES

---- Page 28 ----
28 BUSINESS REVIEW STRATEGY
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
STRATEGY
Strategy Department of CIMB Bank PLC was set up in 2022 with the key objectives 
of overseeing the development and implementation of bank wide strategic plans, 
which includes middle to longer-term business strategies to support organic 
and inorganic growth, enhance revenue generation and identifying potential 
opportunities. Other focus areas include organisational eﬃciencies and 
optimising its operating model.
PRODUCT MANAGEMENT
The Product Management unit is an integral part of the Bank’s business activities. Its function is to enable the Bank to remain competitive 
and to continue to increase its market share by introducing innovative products and services that meet our customers’ needs. 
Product Management contributes to the Bank’s overall competitiveness by introducing and improving banking products and services. 
This enables the Bank to meet our customers’ needs in keeping pace with ever-evolving customer requirements and technological advances. 
In addition, we cooperate with other units including Digital Banking and Operations to enhance our digital banking services. These services 
include CIMB Mobile Banking and Regional ATM Services, which enable CIMB customers to withdraw cash in local currency in Malaysia, 
Singapore and Indonesia respectively.
Delighting our customers is pivotal to our product strategy. We work continuously to make our lending and deposit products more accessible 
and attractive, taking into consideration valuable feedbacks from customers and utilising market best practices. In addition, we also plan to 
roll out products and services that create positive impact for the environment and community in line with sustainability principles. 
BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE AND ANALYTICS
The department aims to help centralise bank-wide data by streamlining data cleansing process and establishing standardised reportings. 
We build an end-to-end data automation and business intelligence solutions, which give business units and business enablers the 
opportunities to make better and more eﬃcient decisions. Below are the key solutions of Business Intelligence and Analytics:
• Data Warehousing: a robust data warehouse will serve as the single source of truth, providing accessible and consistent data to all 
business units and enablers.
• Business Intelligence Solution: Business Intelligence tools and other reporting solutions equip users with insightful reports and visualisations.
• Process Automation: automation of data gathering and business processes reduces manual interventions and errors, and increases 
business productivity.
In addition to the core Strategy roles, the functions of Product Management, Sustainability and Business Intelligence and Analytics are also under the 
purview of the Strategy Department.

---- Page 29 ----
29
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
STRATEGYBUSINESS REVIEW
SUSTAINABILITY
CIMB Bank is committed to a build high sustainable organisation that help customers and society. Through the sustainability principles 
embedded in our organisational purpose, we are committed to operate in a way in which we assume responsibility towards our actions. With 
sustainability, we integrate economic, environmental and social considerations in our business decisions including ﬁnancing, deposit taking, 
procurement, and other operational activities.
Our aim is to create net positive impact in our business activities. We take due care and diligence to evaluate and advocate measures that 
minimise harm to environment, as well as promote social equality and inclusion including the safeguarding of human rights across our value 
chain. Sustainability risks are managed through a structured due diligence and escalation process. We engage openly with our customers 
and stakeholders and strive to inﬂuence positively their own sustainability performance and commitment. 
Sustainable business is an emerging market opportunity. As a ﬁnancial intermediary, we recognise our ability and responsibility to channel 
funds towards enabling a green and just economy. In line with market readiness, we will develop positive impact products and services 
that improve people’s life while contributing to the environment and society.

---- Page 30 ----
30 BUSINESS REVIEW RISK MANAGEMENT
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
RISK MANAGEMENT
With the rapid development of the banking industry in Cambodia, changes in 
regulatory requirements and new risks emerging especially from the compliance 
and technology perspectives, the Bank has put in place a robust and eﬀective risk 
management system to achieve continued risk balanced proﬁtability and create 
shareholder and stakeholder values. The Bank embraces risk management as an 
integral part of the Bank’s strategy, businesses, operations and decision-making 
processes. Risk Management is involved in the early stages of the strategy discussion 
and risk-taking process to provide independent inputs, including relevant valuations 
and scenario analysis, credit evaluations, new product assessments and quantiﬁcation 
of capital requirements and risk return analysis/simulations. These inputs enable 
business units to assess the risk-vs-reward of their propositions.
The Bank, as part of CIMB Group, employs Enterprise Wide Risk Management (EWRM) framework as a standardised approach to eﬀectively 
manage its risks and opportunities. The EWRM framework provides the Board and its management with tools to anticipate and manage both 
existing and potential risks by taking into consideration evolving risk proﬁles as dictated by changes in business strategies, the external and/or 
regulatory environment. 
The Risk Committee (RC) is a Board-delegated committee and reports to the Board of Directors on all risk-management matters. RC’s meeting 
is conducted on monthly basis to administer and supervise the implementation of the Bank’s overall management of risks and control activities. 
The RC, with the support of Cambodia Credit Committee (CCC), Cambodia Asset Quality Committee (CAQC) and Risk Management, is responsible 
for ensuring adherence to Board of Directors’ approved risk appetite and risk posture. This, amongst others, includes reviewing and analysing of 
portfolio trends, asset quality, watch-list reporting and policy reviews. It is also responsible for articulating key credit risks and mitigating controls.
The day-to-day responsibility for liquidity risk management and control, funding proﬁle, balance sheet and hedging strategies, the overall interest 
rate risk in the banking book proﬁle, and assurance of such risk proﬁle is within the established risk appetites, are delegated to the Asset Liability 
Management Committee (ALCO). ALCO Meeting is conducted on monthly basis and subsequently reports to RC.
CREDIT RISK
Credit risk is deﬁned as the possibility of losses due to an obligor, market counterparty or an issuer of securities or other instruments held, 
failing to perform its contractual obligations to the Bank. 
Purpose of credit risk management is to keep credit risk exposure to an acceptable level vis-à-vis the capital, and to ensure the returns 
commensurate with risks. Without eﬀective credit risk management, the impact of the potential losses can be overwhelming.
The risk-based delegated authority framework encompasses joint delegated authority, enhanced credit approval process and a clear set of 
policies and procedures that deﬁnes the limits and types of authority designated to the speciﬁc individuals. The Bank adopts a multi-tiered 
credit approving authority spanning from the delegated authorities at business level, joint delegated authorities between business units 
and Risk, to the credit committee and/or above.
Exposures are actively monitored, reviewed on a regular basis and reported regularly to RC and Board of Directors. Asset quality is closely 
monitored so that deteriorating exposures are identiﬁed, analysed and discussed with the relevant business units for appropriate remedial 
actions, including recovery actions, if required.
The employment of various credit risk mitigation techniques such as appropriate credit structuring and posting of collateral and/or third-party  
support forms an integral part of credit risk management process. Credit risk mitigants are taken, where possible, and are considered 
secondary recourse to the obligor for the credit risk underwritten.

---- Page 31 ----
LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING RISK
Liquidity and funding risk is deﬁned as the current and potential risk to earnings, shareholders’ funds or the Bank’s reputation arising 
from its inability to eﬃciently meet its present and future funding needs or regulatory obligations, which may adversely aﬀect its daily 
operations and incur unacceptable losses. Liquidity risk arises from mismatches in the timing of cash ﬂows. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to ensure that the Bank can meet its cash obligations in a timely and cost-eﬀective manner. 
The day-to-day liquidity risk monitoring and management is on the basis of cash ﬂow projections under both business-as-usual and 
stress conditions. Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) is a key liquidity risk metric and regulatory requirement which seeks to ensure that the 
Bank holds suﬃcient High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) to withstand an acute liquidity stress scenario over a 30-day horizon.
The Bank also performs semi-annual stress tests, including liquidity stress tests to identify sources of potential liquidity strain and 
vulnerable areas in its portfolio to gauge the ﬁnancial impact and enable management to take pre-emptive actions.
In addition to regulatory limits, liquidity risk undertaken by the Bank is governed by a set of established liquidity risk limits and appetite. 
Management Action Triggers (MATs) have been established to alert management to potential and emerging liquidity pressures. These 
limits and appetite as well as liquidity related policies and procedures are regularly reviewed in response to regulatory changes, changing 
business needs, and market conditions. Subject to regular testing, Contingency Funding Plan (CFP) is also in place to alert and enable 
the management to act eﬀectively and eﬃciently during a liquidity or funding crisis and under adverse market conditions.
Risk Management is responsible for independently monitoring the Bank’s liquidity risk proﬁle and provides monthly reports to ALCO and RC. 
During the year, there were many ad-hoc ALCO meetings conducted to deﬁne various business strategies to diversify funding sources, 
prevent potential outﬂows of customers’ deposits and expand deposit base.
OPERATIONAL RISK
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes, people and systems or from external events. It includes 
legal risk but excludes strategic risk. 
The Bank has established standardised methodology, tools and processes for the identiﬁcation, assessment, reporting, and management 
of operational risks by the respective risk owners across the Bank. The Bank has deployed operational risk management tools including 
Operational Event and Loss Data Management, Risk and Control Self-Assessment, Control Issue Management, Key Risk Indicators, and 
New Product Approval Process.
The Bank’s Operational Risk Management strategy is based on a strong risk framework, which provides overall guiding principles with 
a robust governance structure to inculcate a proactive risk management culture. Monitoring of the identiﬁed risks and controls is primarily 
done by Risk Management with monthly report to the RC who oversees and monitors overall control environment of the Bank.
31
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
RISK MANAGEMENTBUSINESS REVIEW

---- Page 32 ----
MARKET RISK
Market risk is deﬁned as ﬂuctuations in the value of ﬁnancial instruments due to changes in market risk factors such as interest rates, 
currency exchange rates, credit spreads, equity prices, commodity prices and their associated volatility. 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB) is deﬁned as the current and potential risk to the Bank’s earnings and economic value arising 
from movement in interest rates. IRRBB, undertaken by the Bank, is governed by an established risk appetite that deﬁnes the acceptable 
level of risk, approved by the Board of Directors.
FRAUD RISK
Fraud risk is the risk of loss resulting from an act or course of deception or omission with the intention to conceal, omit, distort, misrepresent, 
falsify or etc. to: (i) gain unlawful / illegal / unfair personal advantages, (ii) induce another individual(s) to surrender willing / unwilling of legal 
right/possession or (iii) damage another individual(s) resulting in a loss to another.
The Bank has established Fraud Risk Policy and Fraud Risk Governance Procedure to prevent, detect and respond to the associated legal, 
regulatory, reputation and ﬁnancial risks for fraud incidents occurring in and having an impact to the Bank, its customers and counterparties. 
Risk Management tracks and monitors fraud event reported and turn-around time of fraud investigations to ensure all suspected fraud 
events are attended to in a timely manner with monthly update/oversight by the RC.
BUSINESS CONTINUITY MANAGEMENT
The Business Continuity Management (BCM) programme, embodied within the Bank’s BCM Policies and Procedures, is in place to minimise 
disruptions, ensure continuity of services to its customers and supporting business process. BCM plays the primary role in providing 
the methodology and tools for an integrated and standardised BCM approach across the organisation, as well as to ensure eﬀective 
coordination and supervision of all BCM activities.
Regular reviews, re-assessments and updates for BCM documentations/plans are conducted to ensure adequacy, eﬀectiveness and 
relevance of the business recovery strategies. These plans are rehearsed and tested on a regular basis. The Bank’s BCM Steering committee 
provides oversight on the BCM programme to ensure the Bank meets BCM statutory and regulatory responsibilities, adheres to 
accepted best practices, and aligns with the organisation’s business vision and strategy.
32 BUSINESS REVIEW RISK MANAGEMENT
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 33 ----
TECHNOLOGY RISK
Technology risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate controls over people, process, and/or technology, which includes operational 
risk, ﬁnancial risk, compliance risk and reputational risk resulting from unauthorised disclosure, modiﬁcation or disruption, data breaches 
and loss or damage.
Technology Risk Management (TRM) is responsible to ensure enterprise-wide implementation of the Bank’s TRM Framework while ensuring 
compliance to relevant regulatory policies and guidelines. TRM actively engages with the ﬁrst line-of-defence to identify technology risks 
and validates completeness and eﬀectiveness of controls to avoid risk of disruptions. In addition, TRM reviews risk assessments performed 
by business units for technology related programs and processes, and recommends appropriate improvements.
Under Risk Governance framework, TRM reports regularly to Group TRM to provide independent oversight and deliberations on technology 
risk based on the approved Technology Risk Appetite. 
OUTSOURCING RISK
Outsourcing risk is deﬁned as the risk emanating from outsourcing arrangements that could result in a disruption to business operations, 
ﬁnancial loss or reputational damage to the Bank.
The Bank has localised Outsourcing Policy and Procedures, which outline the controls required in managing outsourcing arrangements 
with an outsourced service provider. This includes periodic reviews on performance of service providers to identify potential service 
degradations and collaboration with BCM and TRM to strengthen business continuity and technology resiliency.
ADDITIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Risk Management is tasked to review policies and procedures of other business units / enablers, as part of Compliance Audit Risk (CAR) 
function. The team is involved at early stage and ongoing review of policies and procedures by providing independent assessments, ﬁltering 
potential risks, and providing inputs to ensure risk balanced business operations.
33
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
RISK MANAGEMENTBUSINESS REVIEW

---- Page 34 ----
34 BUSINESS REVIEW COMPLIANCE
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
COMPLIANCE
Compliance Division is responsible for ensuring all departments as well as all 
employees in the Bank are aware of their responsibilities and impact of the 
applicable regulations. Its main roles are related to monitoring and advising 
business and support units to ensure they are in compliance with the applicable 
regulations and internal guidelines. 
On the monitoring side, the Division performs onsite compliance reviews, regulations and self-testing validations to ensure that their processes 
and procedures are in compliance with all the relevant laws, regulations and internal guidelines. The Division drives active participation of various 
stakeholders in meeting the Bank’s responsibilities towards regulations such as the Law on Anti-Money Laundering and Combating Financing 
of Terrorism (AML/CFT), Law on Anti-Financing of Proliferation (AFP), Law on Banking and Financial Institutions, and other new and updated 
regulations.
Compliance Division acts independently from the business operations and directly report to the Board of Directors who oversees and approves 
the annual compliance work plan proposed by the Compliance Division. Based on the Compliance Framework, the Division is governed by CIMB Bank 
PLC’s Compliance Policies and Procedures, CIMB Bank PLC’s AML/CFT and TFS Policies and Procedures and other related policies and procedures 
which are approved by the Board. The Division also cooperates with other departments to establish various guidelines and codes of conduct such as 
the Guidelines on Account Opening, Guidelines on Alert Monitoring, Sales Codes of Conduct, etc. 
In 2023, the Compliance Division performed onsite compliance reviews for 19 business units and branches. The Division has rolled out the data 
analytic which cover larger transactions at branches. Furthermore, the SOP on transaction and customer monitoring has been reviewed and updated 
to strengthen and improve the suspicious report submission. 
Our Training and Awareness Programme is also a key focus area for the Division. All new employees are required to attend the induction course 
within three months of joining the Bank, and it is mandatory for existing employees to complete an AML/CFT e-learning course on annual basis. 
In 2023, the Division has rolled out an e-learning course of Introduction to Compliance Level 1 which is another mandatory course. Compliance 
Division has conducted a total of 12 sessions on regulatory and AML/CFT in 2023. 
ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2023
Compliance Division will review its policies and procedures to ensure they are up to date and incorporated with new relevant regulations. In addition, 
the Division will continue to perform onsite compliance review and data analytic as part of our compliance monitoring and continue to improve
the training and awareness programme on AML/CFT and TFS, Sanction, Watchlist Management and Compliance Policies and Procedures.
PLANS FOR 2024
ONSITE COMPLIANCE REVIEWS
FOR 19 BUSINESS UNITS AND 
BRANCHES
A TOTAL OF 12 SESSIONS OF TRAINING 
AND AWARENESS PROGRAMME ON 
REGULATORY AND AML/CFT

---- Page 35 ----
35
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE ASSURANCE | LEGAL & COMPANY SECRETARIALBUSINESS REVIEW
CORPORATE ASSURANCE
Corporate Assurance plays a crucial role in providing independent appraisals 
on the adequacy, eﬃciency and eﬀectiveness of the internal control systems 
implemented by the Management of CIMB Bank PLC. The evaluations conducted 
by Corporate Assurance are based on the control environment, risk-assessment 
practices, control activities, information sources, communication eﬀectiveness 
and monitoring practices. 
Corporate Assurance reports directly to the Audit Committee and is independent from the activities and operations of other business and 
support units. 
In 2023, Corporate Assurance with support from CIMB Group’s Corporate Assurance Division completed 17 audit assignments covering 
critical areas of the Bank including branch audits, departmental audits, thematic audits and ad-hoc project.  
Our plan for 2024 is to continue to conduct audit assignments according to Corporate Assurance’s internal risk assessment, adopt 
enhanced risk based methodology, incorporate the use of Data Analytics/Agile approach in audit work, and conduct ad-hoc projects 
as per requirement.
LEGAL & COMPANY SECRETARIAL
Legal & Company Secretarial Division consists of Legal and Company 
Secretarial. 
Legal oversees legal aspects of activities undertaken by the Bank, and is responsible for facilitating and advising business and support 
units to ensure that they are acting in accordance with respective laws, regulations and guidelines. Legal plays a major role in providing 
legal advices to all employees in the Bank in performing their functions in order to ensure that the Bank’s interests are well protected 
in doing all businesses. Legal also coordinates all litigation matters from in-house perspective and liaises with the external counsels to 
monitor all litigation cases.
In line with good governance, Company Secretarial provides supports to the Board, Board committees, and Management committees in 
carrying out their duties and responsibilities. Also, Company Secretarial serves in an advisory capacity on governance matters, including 
legal and regulatory requirements, to all units within the Bank. The Company Secretarial also manages day-to-day corporate secretarial 
matters and functions of the Bank, including processes with the relevant approving authorities and regulators. 
The Division from time to time participates in various taskforces and project working teams to ensure the Bank’s responsibilities towards 
regulations.

---- Page 36 ----
03

---- Page 37 ----
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
38 Statement on Corporate Governance
50 Audit Committee Report
53 Statement on Internal Control
56 Corporate Structure
57 Organisation Chart
58 Corporate Information

---- Page 38 ----
38 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) believes that strong corporate 
governance is essential for delivering sustainable value, enhancing 
business integrity, and maintaining investors’ conﬁdence in achieving 
the Bank’s corporate objectives and vision. 
Eﬀective corporate governance structure and culture are critical 
elements in determining how the Bank functions, which has been 
continuously emphasised to all employees. The governance framework 
adopted by the Bank is developed on the basis of the principles and 
best practices recommended by the Prakas on Governance in Banks 
and Financial Institutions and the Prakas on Fit and Proper Regulatory 
Requirements for Applying to Entities and Licensed Banks and Financial 
Institutions (the “Prakas”) issued by the National Bank of Cambodia 
(the “NBC”), and international best practices in corporate governance,  
where applicable. 
To ensure the balance of authority, increased accountability and greater 
capacity for independent decision-making, the roles of Chairman and 
Executive Director (“ED”) are distinct and separate with a clear division 
of responsibilities between the Chairman and the ED, which ensures 
that no individual or group dominates the decision-making process.
The Chairman
The Board is led by the Chairman, Datuk Mohd Nasir Bin Ahmad, 
a Malaysian national, who was appointed as the Chairman on 16 
December 2019. Datuk Mohd Nasir Bin Ahmad is responsible for 
the leadership and management of the Board and for ensuring the 
eﬀective functioning of the Board and its Committees. He assumes the 
formal role of a leader and chairs all Board meetings, leads discussions 
amongst the Directors and provides leadership to the Board in 
its oversight of management. The Chairman facilitates the ﬂow of 
information between Management and the Board and, in consultation 
with Management, sets the agenda for each Board meeting. 
Executive Director
Mr. Bun Yin, a Cambodian national, is the Chief Executive Oﬃcer (“CEO”) 
of the Bank and also the ED of the Board. He was appointed as the CEO 
and ED on 1 January and 29 January 2015, respectively. He is the ﬁrst 
Cambodian to head an international foreign bank in Cambodia.
As ED / CEO, Bun Yin has the overall responsibility for implementing
the Bank’s strategy and carrying out the Board’s direction, managing the 
Bank’s businesses, and driving performance within strategic goals and 
commercial objectives. He leads the Management in carrying out the 
corporate strategy and vision of the Bank. As ED / CEO, he is accountable 
to the Board for the day-to-day operations of the Bank’s business. 
Size and Composition of Board of Directors 
The Board is committed to regularly reviewing its size and composition, 
taking into account the scope, nature, diversity, and expansion of the 
Bank’s business. The Board considers its present size to be appropriate 
to oversee the overall businesses of the Bank. The current Directors 
bring to the Board a wealth of knowledge, experience, and skills to drive 
the Bank towards the vision of the Group‘s vision. 
The Directors of the Bank have met the criteria for the appointment 
of Directors as set out in the Prakas. All Independent Directors 
demonstrate sound and independent judgment and do not participate 
in any business transaction that could impair their independent 
judgment and decision-making. 
Brief backgrounds of each Director are presented on pages 70 to 77 of 
the Annual Report.
Directors’ Code of Ethics
The Board of Directors observes the code of ethics set out in the Prakas 
issued by the NBC and the Bank’s internal Code of Conduct for Directors.
The Directors of the Bank adhere to the code of ethics, which provides 
guidance for the proper standards of conduct and sound and prudent 
business practices. It also provides the standards of ethical behaviour 
required for Directors based on the principles of integrity, responsibility, 
sincerity and corporate social responsibility.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
• 50% Independent Directors
• 50% Non-Independent Directors
• Female: 1 member or 17%
• Male: 5 members or 83%
• Cambodians: 2 members or 33%
• Malaysians: 4 members or 67%
• Below 50 years old: 1 member
• 50 years old and above: 5 members
• Below 3 years: 2 members
• 3 years and above: 4 members
Board Composition
Nationality
Age Group
Length of Tenure
Gender 
The Board and Board Balance
The Board currently has six members, one Executive Director and ﬁve 
Non-Executive Directors, three of whom are Independent Directors. 
The Board conﬁrms it has the appropriate number of Independent 
Directors who bring strong, independent judgment to the Board’s 
discussions. The Board is also committed to a collective decision-making 
process. 
The Board beneﬁts from the contribution of each of the Non-Executive 
Directors in all areas of the Bank’s businesses. In addition to their wide 
range of skills and business experience, the Non-Executive Directors 
also bring independent judgment in the deliberations on issues of 
strategy, audit, performance and risk. 
The structure and composition of the Board are in line with the 
requirements of the Prakas issued by the NBC. 

---- Page 39 ----
39
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Duties and Responsibilities of the Board
The Board is the ultimate decision-making body of the Bank, with 
the exception of matters requiring shareholder approval. The Board 
sets the Bank’s strategic direction and vision. The Board takes full 
responsibility for leading, governing, guiding and monitoring the entire 
performance of the Bank and enforces standards of accountability, all 
with the view to enabling management to execute its responsibilities 
eﬀectively.
The Board has overall responsibility for establishing a framework 
of good corporate governance within the Bank, including ﬁnancial 
reporting, risk management, and compliance processes. All Board 
members bring their independent judgment, diverse knowledge, and 
experience to deliberating issues pertaining to strategy, performance, 
resources, and business conduct.
The Board has adopted a schedule of business speciﬁcally reserved for 
the Board’s approval, which includes, amongst other matters, reviewing 
and approving the following:
• Strategic and business plans and annual budget;
• New investments, divestments, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate 
restructuring, including the establishment of subsidiaries, joint 
ventures or strategic alliances, both locally and abroad;
• Annual ﬁnancial statements and interim dividends and recommending 
the ﬁnal dividends payable to shareholders prior to public announcements 
and publications;
• Appointment of new Directors and the Chief Executive Oﬃcer and 
their emoluments and beneﬁts.
The overall principal responsibilities of the Board are as follows:
• Providing clear objectives and policies within which the senior 
executives of the Bank are to operate;
• Ensuring that there are adequate controls and systems in place to 
facilitate the implementation of the Bank’s policies;
• Monitoring management’s success in implementing the approved 
strategies, plans and budget;
• Understanding the principal risks of all aspects of the businesses in 
which the Bank is engaged and ensuring that systems are in place to 
eﬀectively monitor and manage these risks with a view to ensuring 
the Bank’s long-term viability and success;
• Monitoring and assessing development, which may aﬀect the Bank’s 
strategic plans;
• Reviewing the adequacy and integrity of the Bank’s internal control 
systems and management information systems, including systems 
for compliance with the applicable laws, regulations, rules, directives 
and guidelines; 
• Avoiding conﬂicts of interest and ensuring disclosure of possible 
conﬂicts of interest; and
• Upholding and observing banking and other relevant laws, rules and 
regulations.
Apart from the aforesaid principal responsibilities of the Board, the 
Board has also delegated speciﬁc responsibilities to Committees. While 
the Committees have the authority to discuss and decide on particular 
issues, the Committees will report to the Board on their decisions 
and/or recommendations. The ultimate responsibility for all matters lies 
with the entire Board.
The terms of reference and responsibilities of the Committees are set 
out on pages 43 to 49.
Appointments to the Board
The Bank leverages on the Group Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (“GNRC”), which resides at CIMB Group Holdings Berhad. The 
GNRC is responsible for identifying and nominating suitable candidates 
for appointment to the Board for approval, either to ﬁll vacancies or as 
additions to meet the changing needs of the Bank. Before recommending 
an appointment to the Board, the GNRC will carry out a thorough and 
comprehensive evaluation of the candidate based on the criteria adopted 
by the Board. The Bank also considers the Bank’s businesses and 
will match the capabilities and contributions expected for a particular 
appointment.
The appointment process is conducted in accordance with the Prakas 
and the recently established Group Board Composition and Skill Set 
Framework, which lays out certain guiding principles for the GNRC’s 
assessment in the identiﬁcation, nomination and selection of a new 
Director while concurrently addressing the Board succession planning. 
The guiding principles ascertain the essential primary skills and 
experiences and specify the minimum number of Board members 
required for each skill set and other governance requirements on 
board size, tenure of appointment, age, and gender. 
The Group’s Policies and Procedures on Fit and Proper for Key Responsible 
Persons (“Fit and Proper Policy”) also require proper assessment of new 
Directors to be conducted to ensure that the candidates are ﬁt and 
proper for their respective roles. 
The Fit and Proper Policy outlines the following criteria for the assessment 
of the suitability of the candidate for an appointment:
 
(i) Probity, personal integrity and reputation, where the candidate 
must have personal qualities such as honesty, integrity, diligence, 
independence of mind and fairness;
(ii) Competence and capability, where the candidate must have the 
skills, work experience, capability and commitment necessary to 
carry out the role;
(iii) Financial integrity, where the candidate must manage his debts 
or ﬁnancial aﬀairs prudently.

---- Page 40 ----
Identiﬁcation 
of Skills/Gaps
Selection of 
Candidates
Interaction Session
with Candidates
1 2 3
4 5 6
Fit & Proper 
Assessment
 GNRC 
Deliberation
Recommendation
for Board Approval
Bun Yin
Non-Independent Executive Director 
& Chief Executive Oﬃcer
Attended
6
6
6
6
Directors
Long Beang
Independent Non-Executive Director
Aisyah Lam Binti Abdullah
Independent Non-Executive Director
Ahmad Shazli Bin Kamarulzaman
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Datuk Mohd Nasir Bin Ahmad
Chairman / Independent Non-Executive Director
6Cheong Weng Teong
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
5
Held
Number of Meetings
6
6
6
6
6
6
MEETINGS AND SUPPLY OF INFORMATION TO THE BOARD
Proposals for the appointment of Directors are subject to NBC’s vetting 
and prior approval.
Re-appointment and Re-election of Directors
The Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Bank requires that 
all Directors retire from oﬃce at least once every three years, but shall 
be eligible for re-election at the Annual General Meeting. Proposals for 
the re-appointment and re-election of Directors are recommended by 
the GNRC to the Board prior to the Shareholder’s approval at the Annual 
General Meeting.
The Board meets regularly to discuss business strategy, ﬁnancial 
performance, matters pertaining to compliance and governance as 
well as reports on matters deliberated by the respective committees. 
The Board meets at least once every two months, and amongst the 
agenda that are tabled to the Board for discussion/approval, the Board 
reviews the ﬁnancial performance of the Bank, risk management and 
compliance reports. Board meetings are scheduled in advance each 
year to facilitate Directors to plan their schedule. Meeting papers on 
proposals and various reports are delivered to the Board prior to Board 
meetings, giving Directors suﬃcient time to evaluate the proposals and, 
if necessary, request additional information to facilitate the eﬀective 
discharge of their duties. Procedures have been established concerning 
the format, content, presentation and delivery of meeting papers. The 
meeting papers clearly address the background, objective, key issues, 
rationale, impact and other information relevant to each proposal to 
enable the Board to reach an informed and eﬀective decision.
Directors have access to all information within the Bank. Through 
regular Board meetings, the Board receives updates on the development 
and business operations of the Bank, as well as comprehensive sets of 
papers, which include regular business progress reports and discussion 
documents related to speciﬁc matters.
Directors are also allowed to participate in the Board meetings via 
telephone conference. All deliberations at the Board meetings, including 
dissenting views, are duly minuted as records of their proceedings. The 
Board’s decisions are communicated to Management within one working 
day of the Board meeting to ensure that decisions and directions are 
executed in a timely manner. The draft minutes are circulated to the 
Directors for their review and comments before the ﬁnal minutes are 
tabled for conﬁrmation at the next Board meeting.
At Board meetings, the ED / CEO provides a comprehensive explanation 
of signiﬁcant issues relating to the Bank’s business and ﬁnancial 
performance. The Chairman of the Audit Committee provides a summary 
of the audit reports deliberated at the Audit Committee meetings for 
the Board’s notation, including the signiﬁcant audit ﬁndings by the 
Corporate Assurance Division (formerly ‘Internal Audit’ Division) for the 
Board’s discussion and direction. In addition, reports from the Head 
of Compliance on the status of compliance with the laws, regulatory 
requirements and internal policies and procedures adopted by the 
Bank are also reported for the Board’s information. Management is also 
invited to present proposals and to answer queries raised by the Board 
on a need basis. Management takes immediate action on all matters 
arising from the Board meeting and updates the Board on the status 
of these matters at the next Board meeting or, if urgent, via circulation 
of the memorandum. 
Any Director who has an interest in any proposal or transaction will 
declare his interest and will abstain from deliberation and voting on the 
proposal or proposed transactions. This process is duly recorded in the 
minutes of the proceedings.
The Board will also, at the beginning of the ﬁnancial year, consider
the Bank’s annual budget in line with the Bank’s strategies and plans 
formulated at the Annual Management Dialogue.
A total of 6 Board meetings were held in 2023, and the Directors’ 
attendance at the meetings is as follows:
Training and Development of Directors
 
Directors’ Training is an integral process in the appointment of new 
Directors. The Board is mindful of the need to keep pace with new 
laws, regulations, accounting standards, changing commercial risks, 
the latest market trends and developments, key challenges in domestic 
and regional markets and the banking industry. To this end, the Board 
evaluates training needs on a continuous basis and determines areas 
that would further enhance the Directors’ understanding of issues 
involving the Bank.
The process for identifying and nominating candidates by the GNRC 
for appointment involves the following ﬁve stages:
Nomination Framework
40 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 41 ----
Duration 
(in Hour/Day)
2 hours
1 day
Titles/Topics
INCEIF Lecture: Inculcating Values of Professionalism
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
3rd Session: The end of Business-as-Usual and evolving Board Duties
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
1st Session: Global Pressures and Trends
Mode of Training
Training (Virtual)
Lecture
Attended by
Datuk Mohd Nasir 
Bin Ahmad
Ms. Aisyah Lam Binti 
Abdullah
Mr. Long Beang
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
4th Session: Leadership from CIMB Group Board
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Training - Promoting Good Governance: 
Understanding Anti-Corruption Laws in Malaysia and Beyond
1 hourTraining (Virtual)
2 days2023 CIMB Leadership Forum Forum
1 dayAwareness Session on Corporate Liability Provision by MACC Oﬃcer Sharing Session
3 daysMcKinsey Study Trip - Melbourne & Sydney Study Trip
1 dayRefresher to Board: Basel Framework and IRB models Sharing Session (Virtual)
1 dayThe Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit Summit
1 dayINCEIF 2nd. Session Masterclass Masterclass
3 daysMcKinsey Study Trip - London/Milan/Madrid Study Trip
2 daysAsian-Oceanian Standard-Setters Group: WG and Annual Meeting Meeting
Financing the Digital Economy: Supporting the Madani Framework Roundtable 
Discussion
1 dayRoundtable Discussion
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
1st Session: Global Pressures and Trends
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
2nd Session: A New Context for Business
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
3rd Session: The end of Business-as-Usual and evolving Board Duties
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
4th Session: Leadership from CIMB Group Board
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Training - Promoting Good Governance: 
Understanding Anti-Corruption Laws in Malaysia and Beyond
1 hourTraining (Virtual)
1 dayThe Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit Summit
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
2nd Session: A New Context for Business
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
3rd Session: The end of Business-as-Usual and evolving Board Duties
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
4th Session: Leadership from CIMB Group Board
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Training - Promoting Good Governance: 
Understanding Anti-Corruption Laws in Malaysia and Beyond
1 hourTraining (Virtual)
1 dayThe Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit Summit
Listed below are the training sessions which the Directors attended in 2023:
41
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

---- Page 42 ----
Duration 
(in Hour/Day)
Titles/Topics Mode of Training Attended by
Mr. Ahmad Shazli Bin 
Kamarulzaman
Mr. Cheong Weng 
Teong
Mr. Bun Yin
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
1st Session: Global Pressures and Trends
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
2nd Session: A New Context for Business
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
3rd Session: The end of Business-as-Usual and evolving Board Duties
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
4th Session: Leadership from CIMB Group Board
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
4 hoursAnti-Bribery and Corruption Awareness (C0123) E-learning
4 hoursAnti-Money Laundering/Counter Financing of Terrorism (C0123) E-learning
1.5 hoursBeing EPICC (C01) E-learning
4 hoursData Protection (C0123) E-learning
4 hoursInformation Security Awareness (ISA) (C013) E-learning
4 hoursShariah Governance Framework (SGF) (C0123) E-learning
4 hoursIntroduction to Competition Act 2010 (C0123) E-learning
1 dayThe Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit Summit
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
1st Session: Global Pressures and Trends
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
CIMB-Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership Programme (CISL) - 
2nd Session: A New Context for Business
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
1 dayThe Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit Summit
The Executive Sustainability Leadership Programme” Module 1/ Session 1 – 
Programme Kick Oﬀ (Global Pressures and Trends)
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
The Executive Sustainability Leadership Programme” : Module 3 – 
The Business Response
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
The Executive Sustainability Leadership Programme” Session 2 – 
A New Context for Business 
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
The Executive Sustainability Leadership Programme” : Module 5 – 
Real Economy Case Studies
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
The Executive Sustainability Leadership Programme” : Module 8 – 
Your Role in Leading Change
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
4 hoursAnti-Corruption Law Workshop Workshop
The Executive Sustainability Leadership Programme” Last session – 
Earth Competent Board
2 hoursTraining (Virtual)
The Role of Governance in Ensuring Commitment and Eﬀective Implementation of 
Client Protection in BFIs for CEOs and Shareholders
7 hoursTraining
2.5 daysDriving & Learning towards high performance culture (Experiential Learning) Learning
2 daysCIMB Leadership Forum 2023 Forum
1 hourLeadership Dialogue “Safeguarding CIMB’s Banking Ecosystem” Dialogue (Virtual)
2 hoursMental Health Awareness at Workplace Sharing Session
ASEAN Unplugged - Cambodia’s New Dawn: Economic Outlook & ASEAN Financial 
Cooperation
1 hourWorkshop (Virtual)
1 hourSmall and Medium Enterprise Workshop Workshop
3 hours The 19th Government-Private Sector Forum Forum
2 hoursSustainability Trends and Opportunities for a Better Tomorrow Forum Forum
42 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 43 ----
The Company Secretaries demonstrate ongoing support in advising and assisting the Board on matters relating to the aﬀairs of the Bank, 
including issues pertaining to corporate compliance, corporate governance and best practices, boardroom eﬀectiveness and Directors’ duties and 
responsibilities. During the year, various Board processes were reviewed with a view to enhancing the Board’s decision-making processes and the 
eﬀective functioning of the Board. 
The Company Secretaries ensure that the Board, Committees and Shareholder’s meetings are properly convened in accordance with the laws and 
best practices, and records of proceedings at Board, Committee and Shareholder’s meetings are duly minuted and kept. 
The Company Secretaries apart from assisting the Chairman in formulating the agenda and conduct of the Board, Committees and Shareholder’s 
meetings, also facilitate the communication of key decisions and policies between the Board, Committees and Senior Executives.
All Directors have full access to the advice of the Company Secretaries and may seek independent professional advice at the Bank’s expense in 
furtherance of their duties. 
COMPANY SECRETARIES
COMMITTEES
The Board delegates speciﬁc responsibilities to the Audit Committee and Risk Committee. These Committees operate within clearly deﬁned roles 
and responsibilities as set out in the duly approved formal terms of reference of each of the Committees. 
The Committees report to the Board on their deliberations, ﬁndings and recommendations. The Chairmen of the Audit Committee and Risk 
Committee report to the Board on matters dealt with at their respective Committee meetings. The Board accepts that while these Committees 
have the authority to deliberate on matters delegated to them, all decisions and/or recommendations made by these Committees are brought 
to the attention of the Board and, collectively, are responsible for the Bank’s success, business, strategy, risk management, and operational and 
ﬁnancial performance.
The Board implements a process for an annual assessment of the eﬀectiveness of the Audit Committee and Risk Committee as well as the 
contribution of each individual member, whether the Committees and their members have carried out their duties in accordance with their references.
Further details on the Committees are set out in the following sections.
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee comprises solely of Independent Non-Executive Directors who have ﬁnancial knowledge and experience. Collectively, the Audit 
Committee comprises of directors who have the skills, knowledge and expertise relevant to the responsibilities of the Audit Committee. The Audit 
Committee is chaired by an Independent Director with accounting and legal expertise. The Audit Committee Chairman is not the Chairman of the 
Board; this is to promote robust and open deliberations by the Board on matters referred by the Audit Committee. Any vacancy arising in the Audit 
Committee is to be ﬁlled within 3 months.
The key responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to ensure high corporate governance practices whilst providing oversight on the Bank’s ﬁnancial 
reporting, disclosure, regulatory compliance, risk management and monitoring of internal control processes within the Bank. The Audit Committee 
meets regularly to, amongst other things, review the quarterly results, full-year ﬁnancial statements and audit reports, which include observations 
pertaining to risk management and internal controls, as well as related party transactions.
The Audit Committee met 6 times in 2023, and the attendance of the members of the Audit Committee is as follows:
In addition to the above 6 meetings, the Audit Committee members also joined 1 Joint Audit Committee meeting with CIMB Group Holdings and CIMB 
Banking Group.
Attended
6
6
6
Members
Datuk Mohd Nasir Bin Ahmad
Independent Non-Executive Director
Aisyah Lam Binti Abdullah
Independent Non-Executive Director
Long Beang
Chairman / Independent Non-Executive Director
Held
Number of Meetings
6
6
6
43
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

---- Page 44 ----
The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are as follows:
Related Party Transactionst
Review of Reports Related to 
Financial Statements
Review of Internal Control Framework
Internal Control / Risk Management / 
Governance
To review the eﬀectiveness of internal controls, risk management processes and governance within the Bank, taking 
into account the requirements in the Prakas on Governance in Banks and Financial Institutions.
Area Responsibilities
Internal Audit a. To ensure the internal audit function is well placed to undertake review or investigation on behalf of the AC and 
be placed under the direct authority and supervision of the AC.
b. To review and approve the audit scope, procedures frequency and the annual internal audit plan.  
c. To oversee the eﬀectiveness of the internal audit function, staﬀ competency requirements and adequacy of audit 
resources, and that internal audit has the necessary authority to carry out its work.
d. To review key reports and ensure that senior management is taking necessary corrective actions in a timely manner 
to address control weakness, non-compliance with laws, regulatory requirements, policies and other problems 
identiﬁed by the internal audit and other control functions.
e. To note signiﬁcant disagreements between the Internal Audit Head and the rest of the senior management team, 
irrespective of whether these have been resolved, in order to identify any impact the disagreements may have on 
the audit process or ﬁndings.
f. To ensure compliance with the Laws and Regulations applicable to Banks and Financial Institutions and that the 
reports of internal auditors should not be subject to clearance by management.
g. To establish a mechanism to assess the performance and eﬀectiveness of the internal audit function.
h. To evaluate the performance and decide on the remuneration package of the Internal Audit Head.
i. To approve the appointment, transfer and dismissal of the Internal Audit Head or senior staﬀ members of the 
internal audit function, and to be informed of the resignation of any senior internal audit staﬀ members and to 
provide the resigning staﬀ member with an opportunity to submit his/her reasons for resigning.
External Audit a. To make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, removal and remuneration of the external auditors.
b. To discuss and review with the external auditors before the audit commences, the nature and scope of the audit, 
and ensure co-ordination where more than one audit ﬁrm is involved.
c. To assess the objectivity, performance and independence of external auditors (e.g. by reviewing and assessing 
the various relationships between the external auditors and Bank).
d. To approve the provision of non-audit service by the external auditors, and to monitor and assess evaluating wheth-
er such non-audit would impair their independence
e. To ensure that there are proper checks and balances in place so that the provision of non-audit services does not 
interfere with the exercising of independent judgment of the auditors.
f. To ensure that the ﬁnancial statements are prepared in a timely and accurate manner with the adequacy of allowances 
against contingencies and impaired assets. 
g. To maintain regular, timely, open and honest communication with the external auditors, and requiring the external 
auditors to report to the AC on signiﬁcant matters (in the absence of management where necessary).
h. To review the external auditors’ Internal Control Report and ensure that senior management is taking necessary 
corrective actions in a timely manner to address external audit ﬁndings and recommendations.
i. To monitor and assess the eﬀectiveness of the external audit, including meeting the external auditors at least once 
a year without the presence of the management or executive directors to discuss any key concerns and obtain 
feedback.
Audit Findings, Internal Control and 
Compliance Issues
To review the ﬁndings of major investigations, routine audit ﬁndings, and internal control and compliance reported by 
the internal, external and regulatory auditors.
Financial Statements To review the quarterly results and year-end ﬁnancial statements of the Bank, prior to approval by the Board, focusing 
particularly on: 
• changes in or implementation of major accounting policy change; 
• signiﬁcant matters highlighted including ﬁnancial reporting issues, signiﬁcant judgments made by Management, 
signiﬁcant and unusual events or transactions, and how these matters are addressed; 
• the going concern assumption; and
• compliance with accounting standards and applicable ﬁnancial reporting standards and other legal or regulatory 
requirements. 
To review all related party transactions and keep the Board informed of such transactions. 
To review the accuracy and adequacy of the chairman’s statement in the director’s report, corporate governance disclosures, 
interim ﬁnancial reports and preliminary announcements in relation to the preparation of ﬁnancial statements.
Monitoring of Compliance with 
Conﬂict of Interest Policy
To monitor compliance with the Board’s conﬂict of interest policy.
Others a. To engage on a continuous basis with senior management in order to keep informed of matters aﬀecting the Bank.
b. To convene meetings with internal auditors, external auditors, or both whenever deemed necessary. 
c. To review the semi-annual and annual ﬁnancial statements for submission to the Bank’s Board of Directors and 
ensure prompt publication of annual ﬁnancial statements.
To review third party opinion on the design and eﬀectiveness of the Bank’s internal control framework.
44 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 45 ----
Risk Committee
The Risk Committee is the Board delegated committee to determine the Bank’s risk policy objectives and assumes responsibility on behalf of the 
Board for supervision of risk management. The day-to-day responsibility of risk management supervision and control is delegated to the Risk 
Committee, which reports directly to the Board. The Risk Committee meets on a monthly basis or as and when required.
A total of 12 Risk Committee meetings were held in 2023, and the members’ attendance at the meetings is as follows:
The terms of reference of the Risk Committee are as follows:
Attended
12
9
11
Members
Bun Yin
Chief Executive Oﬃcer / Executive Director
Kien Vatana
Head, Risk Management
Aisyah Lam Binti Abdullah
Chairperson / Independent Non-Executive Director
Held
Number of Meetings
12
12
12
10
11
Hong Cheap
Head, Commercial Banking
Ky Sana
Head, Corporate, Transaction Banking & FIG
12
12
11
11
Pech Somaly
Head, Consumer Banking
Heng Viboth
Head, Technology & Data
12
12
11
12
Heng Vuthy
Head, Finance
Heng Phuong Rachana
Head, Operations
12
12
12Heng Torang
Head, Treasury & Markets
12
a. Review and recommend to the Board for approval of the Bank’s Risk Appetite and Risk Posture taking into 
consideration the budget, proposed business plans, and expected macroeconomic conditions;
b. To ensure eﬀective implementation of the Bank’s Risk Appetite and Risk Posture by:
- Recommending changes to the Risk Appetite and Risk Posture to the Board throughout the year based on the 
macroeconomic environment, regulatory landscape, liquidity and capital proﬁle, etc.
- Monitoring and reporting compliance with the Risk Appetite and Risk Posture;
- Assigning, reviewing and/or approving portfolio limit triggers / thresholds as well as requesting and reviewing 
portfolio views; and
- Deciding on action plan in cases where there is non-compliance with the Risk Appetite in accordance with 
approved policies and procedures.
Risk Appetite
Area Responsibilities
Risk and Compliance Culture a. To emphasise the three lines of defence model in managing risks across the Bank;
b. To promote risk awareness and ensure a proactive risk management culture so that risk management processes 
and controls are applied and embedded in the day-to-day business and operational activities;
c. To ensure a framework is in place to facilitate the right compliance culture in the day-to-day business and operational 
activities; and
d. To ensure a proactive compliance risk management culture by providing guidance and support with regards to the 
Bank’s compliance eﬀorts.
45
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

---- Page 46 ----
Area Responsibilities
Capital Management a. Allocate Capital-at-Risk (CaR) for diﬀerent lines of businesses and diﬀerent categories of risks to ensure adequate 
diversiﬁcation of risk, complies with the regulatory limit requirements and the Bank has suﬃcient capital to cushion 
against stress scenarios;
b. Enhance shareholder value through evaluation of the risk-return proﬁles of business activities and ensuring that 
they are within the parameters established by the Board of Directors.
Risk Management Framework / Policies a. To review and recommend new risk framework/policies, and material amendments to risk framework / policies for 
approval by the Board, and to approve risk methodology / standard not within the purview of the sub-risk committees;
b. To review and endorse changes to risk framework / policies as per approval authority stated in Cambodia Risk Policy 
Governance & Approval Standard.
Risk Identiﬁcation and Measurement a. To oversee the Bank’s risk exposure as well as risk-return proﬁle of business activities and proposed improvements 
to the Bank’s risk management frameworks, policies, methodologies, procedures and/or controls so as to mitigate 
the risks;
b. To review and recommend risk model parameters and model validation results for the Board’s approval; and
c. To review emerging risks as well as regulatory and accounting changes and discuss potential mitigating controls.
Market Risk and Treasury a. Review market risk reports to satisfy that market risk is being appropriately managed and seeking responses to limit 
breaches; and 
b. To approve new treasury products, treasury products with material variations and variation on existing treasury 
products.
Operational Risk a. To review operational risk related matters and overall control environment self-rating by Divisions / Departments;
b. To approve CIM extension / acceptance as per approval authority; and
c. To approve new / material variation / refresh of non-treasury product.
Oversight of Technology Risks a. To provide overall oversight on Technology Risks
b. To periodic review technology risks related matters, including but not limited to cyber risks, technology risk 
management proﬁle and severity incidents / non-compliance, and ensure such issues are resolved eﬀectively and 
expeditiously;
c. To oversee on Technology Risks including ex-ante risk assessment on e-banking services; 
d. Eﬀective risk management practices and internal controls should be instituted to achieve data conﬁdentiality, 
system security, reliability, resiliency recoverability in the organisation;
e. To ensure the adequate and robust control on technology systems and technology risk management.
Compliance and Anti-Money 
Laundering / Counter Financing 
Terrorism (“AML/CFT”) Strategy
a. To recommend the compliance and AML / CFT strategy of the Bank; and
b. To assist in deﬁning the compliance and AML / CFT risk management objectives across business lines.
a. To discuss compliance and AML / CFT risk issues and ensure such issues are resolved eﬀectively and expeditiously;
b. To review and recommend compliance and AML / CFT framework/polices and material amendments to compliance 
and AML / CFT risk framework/polices;
c. To evaluate the eﬀectiveness of the Bank’s overall management of compliance and AML / CFT risk;
d. To accord high attention and strengthen compliance functions, resources and infrastructure;
e. To ensure products oﬀered by the business units are within the standard and policies set by the Board;
f. To review and approve parameter, methodology, and procedures related with AML / CFT.
Compliance Framework 
Oversight of Outsourcing 
Arrangements
a. To review and take note of annual Outsourcing Plans; 
b. To endorse new and renewal/renegotiation of existing Material Outsourcing Arrangements with signiﬁcant 
modiﬁcation of scope for the Board’s approval;
c. To take note of new and renewal/renegotiation of existing Non-Material Outsourcing Arrangements; and
d. Have oversight of material adverse developments, any material non-compliance to terms of outsourcing agreement 
and any breach of legal and regulatory requirements by the Outsourcing Service Providers that is reported by 
Business Units / Business Enablers. 
Appointment of Risk Committee’s 
Member and Sub-Committees
a. To approve on change in individual members within the same corporate function with notation to Board of Directors. 
Where changes in membership involve a change in corporate function of members or amendments are proposed 
to the Terms of Reference, approval must be sought from Board of Directors before implementation.
b. To review and approve the terms of reference and composition of any Sub-Committees, including the appointment 
and removal of members and invitees to such Committees.
46 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 47 ----
Remark:
Permanent Invitees of the Committee include Head of Internal Audit and Head of 
Compliance.
Notes:
*1   Secondment with the Bank ended, eﬀective from 15 February 2024
Management Committee
Cambodia Credit Committee
The Management Committee reports to the Board of Directors on the 
day-to-day management matters of the Bank.
The Cambodia Credit Committee reports to the Risk Committee on 
credit-related matters of the Bank.
Members
Bun Yin
Chief Executive Oﬃcer Chairman
Heng Torang
Head, Treasury & Markets Member
Hong Cheap
Head, Commercial Banking Member
Pech Somaly
Head, Consumer Banking Member
Kien Vatana
Head, Risk Management Member
Heng Vuthy
Head, Finance Member
Oum Chenda Pheakdey
Head, Corporate Resources Member
Heng Viboth
Head, Technology & Data Member
Ky Sana
Head, Corporate, Transaction Banking & FIG Member
Ouk Thanin
Head, Product Management & Sustainability Member
Seng Kok Wing *1
Head, Strategy Member
Heng Phuong Rachana
Head, Operations Member
Members
Kien Vatana
Head, Risk Management Chairman
Bun Yin
Chief Executive Oﬃcer / Executive Director Alternate Chairman
Hong Cheap
Head, Commercial Banking Member
Sam Vannak *1
Head, Consumer Lending Member
Pech Somaly *2
Head, Consumer Banking Member
Chamnan Vanita
Head, Credit Management Member
Ky Sana
Head, Corporate, Transaction Banking & FIG Member
Chong Kok Ping *3
H e a d ,  R e g i o n a l  C r e d i t  M a n a g e m e n t                                                                  Member
Ganga Devi Katheraveloo *6                             
Head, Customer and Business Analytics, 
Group Commercial Banking Member
Lim Gek Peng *4
Director, Financial Institutions and Traded 
Credit Management                       Member
Michael Ng Mun Seng *5                             
Head, Regional Credit Risk Analytics Member
Notes:
*1   Resigned in October 2023
*2   Pech Somaly: For Consumer Banking cases only, eﬀective from 16 August 2023
*3  Chong Kok Ping or Liew Chee How (Director, Regional Credit Management) in the 
   absence of Chong Kok Ping is a mandatory voting member for credit proposals  
    which exceed the CCC’s approving authority 
*4   Lim Gek Peng or Charly Kojongian (Director, Financial Institutions & Traded Credit 
     Management) in the absence of Lim Gek Peng is a voting member for credit proposals 
    of Treasury and Financial Institution Group (FIG) cases only
*5  Michael Ng Mun Seng or Leong Wai Chyi (Head, Regional FIG Credit) in the absence 
   of Michael Ng Mun Seng as a voting member for credit proposals of Corporate  
    Banking, Treasury and FIG cases only
*6 Ganga Devi Katheraveloo or Nor Akmar Abd Hamid (Director, Commercial Credit 
  Management, Group Commercial Banking, eﬀective from 22 May 2023): For 
    Commercial Banking cases only and must provide mandatory vote for credit 
    proposals under the CCC’s approving authority
Management Committees 
The following management committees have been established to assist 
the Chief Executive Oﬃcer (CEO) and management in managing the 
various businesses and support activities of the Bank:
• Management Committee
• Cambodia Credit Committee
• Cambodia Asset Liability Management Committee
The roles and responsibilities of the Management Committee (“MC”) 
are as follows:
 
• Advise the Chief Executive Oﬃcer (“CEO”).
• Monitor and evaluate the performance of each business division, 
including but not limited to oversight on functions of committees or 
working groups established by Management Committee to perform 
any function, if necessary.
• Review ﬁnancial and other management reports of the Bank.
• Devise a strategy, business plans and budgets for the Bank (including 
IT-related items).
• Identify cross-departmental synergies.
• Deliberate on key regulatory issues.
• Other matters as directed by the CEO from time to time.
• Other matters as directed by the Board/Group CEO from time to 
time.
47
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

---- Page 48 ----
The roles and responsibilities of the Cambodia Credit Committee 
(“CCC”) are as follows: 
Credit-Related Decisions
• To review and approve credit facilities originating from the Bank, on 
a case-by-case basis, which are within the approved limits delegated 
by the Board.
• To recommend for Board approval, all credit proposals, which exceed 
the CCC’s approving authority.
• To review and approve the internal credit rating of each borrower, 
where applicable.
• To ensure the Bank’s overall exposures meets the regulatory 
guidelines, approved credit policies and procedures, as well as the 
approved risk appetite.
• To assess the risk return trade-oﬀ when approving exposures to 
ensure that facilities granted are within the
• Bank’s risk appetite.
• To review and approve restructuring and rescheduling and any 
recovery actions including compromised settlements and write oﬀs 
related thereto, to be taken against cases within the committee’s 
sanctions. 
• To review and evaluate the various credit products engaged by the 
Bank to ensure that they are conducted within the standards and 
policies set by the Board.
• To approve professional panels i.e. lawyer, insurance companies, 
and valuer.
Others
• Delegate speciﬁc follow-up items post CCC approval to CCC members  
and/or Joint Delegated Authority “JDA” (Risk and/or Business Unit 
“BU”) related to ﬁnal documentation matters and other matters that 
do not materially change the decision made by CCC (excludes change 
in exposure amount, tenor, and collateral position). Such delegation 
shall be detailed in the CCC minutes.
• Approval of all renewal of credit transactions on unchanged basis 
or at a lower limit which have earlier approved by the Board, as per 
the Board’s delegated authority.
• To perform any other functions as and when directed and/or 
delegated by Risk Committee and/or the Board.
The Cambodia Asset Liability Management Committee reports to the 
Risk Committee on liquidity risk and assets and liability matters of the 
Bank. The Committee met 12 times in 2023.
Members
Bun Yin
Chief Executive Oﬃcer / Executive Director Chairman
Pech Somaly
Head, Consumer Banking Member
Hong Cheap
Head, Commercial Banking Member
Heng Vuthy 
Head, Finance Member
Heng Torang
Head, Treasury & Markets Member
Cambodia Asset Liability Management Committee
Members
Ky Sana
Head, Corporate, Transaction Banking & FIG Member
Kien Vatana
Head, Risk Management Member
Seng Kok Wing *1
Head, Strategy Member
Notes:
*1   Secondment with the Bank ended, eﬀective from 15 February 2024
The role and responsibilities of the Cambodia Asset Liability 
Management Committee (“ALCO”) are as follows:
Balance Sheet and NII Review
• To review and analyse the Bank’s balance sheet plan by business 
including asset and liability mix, currency, growth, yield and margin;
• To review variations between actual and planned balance sheet and 
how this impacts Net Interest Income (NII), funding plan and whether 
the Bank will remain within the established risk appetites;
• To review the NII and margin trends including forecast position, and 
the variances from the planned Net Interest Margin (NIM), and detail 
any required actions as appropriate; 
• To review the impact on earnings (NII) under both a base case, 
identiﬁed possible scenarios and stressed scenarios;
• To review and ensure the Fund Transfer Pricing (“FTP”) is appropriate 
and act as the arbitrator between business lines in designing and 
implementing FTP and promote consistency across the Bank; and
• To review Price Value of a Basis Point (“PVBP”) limits for banking 
book portfolios and ensure exposure is within limits for the banking 
book, if applicable.
Contingency Funding Plan
• To review the Contingency Funding Plan (“CFP”) as an operational 
business plan and assess the capacity of the plan to ensure that 
any management action is realistic; and
• To ensure that early warning indicators are up-to-date and relevant.
Assets and Liabilities Management (“ALM”)
• To review ALM framework and policies (if applicable) to ensure they 
are appropriate for the size and complexity of the current and future 
operations of the Bank;
• To promote consistent policies and practices across the Bank;
• To review and endorse / approve the risk appetite / limits / Management 
Action Triggers (“MAT”) for liquidity risk and interest rate risk in the 
banking book (IRRBB) in accordance with the approved liquidity risk 
and IRRBB governance framework;
• To set, monitor and review the hedging strategies of the Bank (if 
applicable);
• To review and ensure that the Bank’s risk proﬁle is within established 
MAT / limits for liquidity risk and interest rate risk in the banking 
book, including reviewing internal and regulatory stress testing results 
across material currencies in the Bank;
• To review and recommend new ALM risk models for internal 
behavioral modeling for approval by Risk Committee; and
• To identify and review Bank liquidity and funding requirements and 
appropriate actions to address these requirements.
48 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 49 ----
Market Risk Management
• To oversee the Bank’s market risk measurement approach, methodology 
and system – both internal and regulatory if applicable.
• To review and recommend risk model parameters and model 
validation results for approval by Risk Committee.
• To review the proposed annual market risk limits and recommend 
to Risk Committee for approval.
• To review and approve punctual interim change in market risk limits.
• To monitor bank-wide Net Open Position (“NOP”) and interest rate 
risk.
Approval Authority
• To review and recommend ALM risks framework and policies (if 
applicable) for Risk Committee’s approval;
• To review and approve ALM risks methodologies and standard (if 
applicable) to be met to comply with approved policies;
• To review and approve annual calibration including back testing 
results which are used in internal liquidity and IRRBB metrics;
• To review and approve FTP framework (if applicable), policies and 
methodologies for the Bank;
• To review and endorse the risk appetite and limits for liquidity risk 
and interest rate risk in the Banking Book for subsequent approval 
by Risk Committee;
• To endorse market risk framework and policy, and recommend to 
the Risk Committee for approval;
• To approve market risk methodology and standard, in line with 
Cambodia Risk Policy Governance and Approval Standard;
• To review and approve pricing for new products of the Bank;
• To approve the Delegated Authority (“DA”) for pricing of deposits 
for the Bank, as per the Board’s delegated authority;
• To approve pricing proposal based on its approved DA; and 
• To escalate to Risk Committee any MAT / trigger / limits breaches 
(non-regulatory) that are not viewed as material variance to the 
approved Risk Appetite Statement and to the capital / liquidity / 
reputation of the Bank.
Financial Reporting
Pursuant to the Law on Commercial Enterprises and the Law on Banking 
and Financial Institutions, ﬁnancial statements for each ﬁnancial year 
are to be prepared. The ﬁnancial statements are prepared in according 
with the Cambodian International Financial Reporting Standards (“CIFRS”) 
and present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position of the 
Bank as at 31 December 2023. In preparing these ﬁnancial statements, 
the directors are required to:
(i) adopt appropriate accounting policies which are supported by 
reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates and then apply 
them consistently;
(ii) comply with the disclosure requirements of CIFRS, or, if there have 
been any departures in the interest of fair presentation, these 
have been appropriately disclosed, explained and quantiﬁed in 
the ﬁnancial statements;
ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
maintain adequate accounting records and an eﬀective system 
of internal controls;
prepare the ﬁnancial statements on the going concern basis 
unless it is inappropriate to assume that the Bank will continue 
operations in the foreseeable future; and
eﬀectively control and direct the Bank in all material decisions 
aﬀecting its operations and performance and ascertain that such 
have been properly reﬂected in the ﬁnancial statements.
The Board is satisﬁed that it has met its obligations to present a 
balanced and understandable assessment of the Bank’s position 
and prospects in preparing the ﬁnancial statements, reﬂected in the 
directors’ report as set out on pages 92 to 93 of the ﬁnancial statements 
section of this annual report.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee assists the Board in overseeing the ﬁnancial 
reporting process. The Bank’s quarterly and half-yearly results and 
annual ﬁnancial statements are subject to review by the Audit Committee 
and approval of the Board, prior to submission to the NBC.
Internal Control
The Board has overall responsibility for maintaining sound internal control 
systems that cover ﬁnancial controls, eﬀective and eﬃcient operations, 
legal and regulatory compliance as well as risk management. The size 
and complexity of the Bank necessitate the management of a wide 
and diverse spectrum of risks. The nature of these risks means that 
events may occur which could give rise to unanticipated or unavoidable 
losses. The inherent system of internal controls is designed to provide 
reasonable, though not absolute assurance against the risk of material 
errors, fraud or losses occurring.
The Board considers that the Bank’s framework and system of internal 
controls and procedures maintained by the Bank’s management, and 
set in place throughout the ﬁnancial year up to the date of this report, 
is adequate to meet the needs of the Bank in the current business 
environment. The system of internal controls is designed to provide 
reasonable, but not absolute assurance for achieving certain internal 
control standards and helps the Bank to manage the risk of failure to 
achieve business objectives, rather than to eliminate it.
The statement on internal control which provides an overview of the 
state of internal control of the Bank is set out on pages 53 to 55 of the 
annual report.
The Statement on Corporate Governance was approved by the Board 
of Directors on 19 March 2024.
iii)
iv)
v)
49
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

---- Page 50 ----
The Audit Committee (AC) of CIMB Bank PLC is committed to ensuring high corporate governance practices and providing oversight of the 
Bank’s ﬁnancial reporting, risk management, and internal control systems.
1. ATTENDANCE OF MEETING
The details of the Audit Committee’s membership and meetings held in 2023 are as follows:
In addition to the 6 meetings held to deliberate on matters relating to the Bank, the AC also had 1 joint AC meeting with CIMB Group Holdings and 
CIMB Banking Group.
The Chairman of the AC, who is also a Board member, reports to the Board on briefs on matters deliberated during the AC’s meetings.
Deliberations at the AC meetings were robust and detailed, generally lasting for a few hours. Minutes of the AC meeting held were provided to 
members of the Board.
2. AUTHORITY
The AC is a Board-delegated committee and in discharging its duties, it has explicit authority to investigate any matter within its Terms of Reference. 
It has full access to and cooperation from Management and full discretion to invite any director or executive oﬃcer to attend its meetings. The AC 
has full and unrestricted access to information and is able to obtain independent professional advice, if necessary, with any related expenses to be 
borne by the Bank. The Bank should make the necessary resources available to the AC to enable it to discharge its functions eﬀectively.  
 
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
Attended
6
6
6
Members
Datuk Mohd Nasir Bin Ahmad
Aisyah Lam Binti Abdullah
Long Beang
Independent Non-Executive Director
Independent Non-Executive Director
Independent Non-Executive Director / Chairman
Held
Number of Meetings
6
6
6
OVERVIEW
50 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 51 ----
Related Party Transactionst
Review of Reports Related to 
Financial Statements
Review of Internal Control Framework
Internal Control / Risk Management / 
Governance
To review the eﬀectiveness of internal controls, risk management processes and governance within the Bank, taking 
into account the requirements in the Prakas on Governance in Banks and Financial Institutions.
Area Responsibilities
Internal Audit a. To ensure the internal audit function is well placed to undertake review or investigation on behalf of the AC and be 
placed under the direct authority and supervision of the AC.
b. To review and approve the audit scope, procedures frequency and the annual internal audit plan.  
c. To oversee the eﬀectiveness of the internal audit function, staﬀ competency requirements and adequacy of audit 
resources, and that internal audit has the necessary authority to carry out its work.
d. To review key reports and ensure that senior management is taking necessary corrective actions in a timely manner 
to address control weaknesses, non-compliance with laws, regulatory requirements, policies and other problems 
identiﬁed by the internal audit and other control functions.
e. To note signiﬁcant disagreements between the Internal Audit Head and the rest of the senior management team, 
irrespective of whether these have been resolved, in order to identify any impact the disagreements may have on 
the audit process or ﬁndings.
f. To ensure compliance with the Laws and Regulations applicable to Banks and Financial Institutions and that the 
reports of internal auditors should not be subject to clearance by management.
g. To establish a mechanism to assess the performance and eﬀectiveness of the internal audit function.
h. To evaluate the performance and decide on the remuneration package of the Internal Audit Head.
i. To approve the appointment, transfer and dismissal of the Internal Audit Head or senior staﬀ members of the 
internal audit function, and to be informed of the resignation of any senior internal audit staﬀ members and to 
provide the resigning staﬀ member with an opportunity to submit his/her reasons for resigning.
External Audit a. To make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, removal and remuneration of the external auditors.
b. To discuss and review with the external auditors before the audit commences, the nature and scope of the audit, and 
ensure co-ordination where more than one audit ﬁrm is involved.
c. To assess the objectivity, performance and independence of external auditors (e.g. by reviewing and assessing the 
various relationships between the external auditors and Bank).
d. To approve the provision of non-audit service by the external auditors, and to monitor and assess evaluating whether 
such non-audit would impair their independence
e. To ensure that there are proper checks and balances in place so that the provision of non-audit services does not 
interfere with the exercising of independent judgment of the auditors.
f. To ensure that the ﬁnancial statements are prepared in a timely and accurate manner with the adequacy of allowances 
against contingencies and impaired assets. 
g. To maintain regular, timely, open and honest communication with the external auditors, and requiring the external 
auditors to report to the AC on signiﬁcant matters (in the absence of management where necessary).
h. To review the external auditors’ Internal Control Report and ensure that senior management is taking necessary 
corrective actions in a timely manner to address external audit ﬁndings and recommendations.
i. To monitor and assess the eﬀectiveness of the external audit, including meeting the external auditors at least  once 
a year without the presence of the management or executive directors to discuss any key concerns and obtain 
feedback.
Audit Findings, Internal Control and 
Compliance Issues
To review the ﬁndings of major investigations, routine audit ﬁndings, and internal control and compliance reported by 
the internal, external and regulatory auditors.
Financial Statements To review the quarterly results and year-end ﬁnancial statements of the Bank, prior to approval by the Board, focusing 
particularly on: 
• changes in or implementation of major accounting policy change; 
• signiﬁcant matters highlighted including ﬁnancial reporting issues, signiﬁcant judgments made by Management, 
signiﬁcant and unusual events or transactions, and how these matters are addressed; 
• the going concern assumption; and
• compliance with accounting standards and applicable ﬁnancial reporting standards and other legal or regulatory 
requirements. 
To review all related party transactions and keep the Board informed of such transactions. 
To review the accuracy and adequacy of the chairman’s statement in the director’s report, corporate governance 
disclosures, interim ﬁnancial reports and preliminary announcements in relation to the preparation of ﬁnancial statements.
Monitoring of Compliance with 
Conﬂict of Interest Policy
To monitor compliance with the Board’s conﬂict of interest policy.
Others a. To engage on a continuous basis with senior management in order to keep informed of matters aﬀecting the Bank.
b. To convene meetings with internal auditors, external auditors, or both whenever deemed necessary. 
c. To review the semi-annual and annual ﬁnancial statements for submission to the Bank’s Board of Directors and 
ensure prompt publication of annual ﬁnancial statements.
To review third-party opinion on the design and eﬀectiveness of the Bank’s internal control framework.
3. TERMS OF REFERENCE OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
51
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 52 ----
4. SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES IN 2023
4.1 Audit Committee
a. Reviewed and approved the annual audit plan, the scope of work, and resources requirements of Corporate Assurance Division (CAD) (formerly 
“Internal Audit Division”).
b. Reviewed the adequacy and eﬀectiveness of the system of controls, reporting, and risk management to ensure there is a systematic methodology 
for identifying, assessing and mitigating risk areas.
c. Reviewed the eﬃciency of operations and the economical use of resources throughout the Bank.
d. Reviewed the appointment of external auditors and their independence and eﬀectiveness.
e. Reviewed the external auditors’ audit plan, the scope of work, and the results of the annual audit of the Bank.
f. Met with the external auditors (on 30 November 2023) without the presence of management and the executive director to discuss relevant 
issues and obtain feedback.
g. Reviewed the internal control issues identiﬁed by internal and external auditors as well as ascertained appropriate and prompt management’s 
responses to audit recommendations and the implementation of agreed action plans.
h. Reviewed the quarterly ﬁnancial statements of the Bank.
i. Reviewed related party transactions and the adequacy of the Bank’s procedures in identifying, monitoring, reporting, and reviewing related party 
transactions.
j. Ensured compliance with regulatory requirements and internal policies, and provided a status update on follow up by management on internal 
and external audit recommendations.
k. Evaluated CAD’s annual performance together with the remuneration payout and provided feedback on improvements.
4.2 Internal Audit Function
a. Corporate Assurance Division (CAD) (formerly “Internal Audit Division”), which is supported by Group Corporate Assurance, conducted audits 
for the Bank.
b. CAD provided independent and objective assurance on the adequacy and eﬀectiveness of the internal control systems implemented by 
management.
c. CAD assisted the Audit Committee and management in eﬀectively discharging their responsibilities in establishing cost-eﬀective controls, 
assessing risk management, recommending measures to mitigate identiﬁed risks, and ensuring that proper governance processes are followed.
d. CAD provided periodic reports to the Audit Committee and management on the outcomes of the audits conducted, which highlighted the 
eﬀectiveness of the system of internal control and signiﬁcant risks.
e. CAD conducted relevant investigations on suspected fraudulent activities and other irregularities as and when required by the regulators / as per 
requested by top management of the Bank as appropriate.
f. CAD continued to identify both quantitative and qualitative value-added recommendations from the audits performed.
g. CAD continued to implement initiatives (i.e. adopted agile audit, embedded data analytics, etc.) as part of the Forward23+ plan.
h. CAD monitored the implementation of management’s action and reported the status of audit observations to the Audit Committee.
i. CAD strengthened the relationship with management through periodic business monitoring meeting to gain insight on business processes 
and audit focus areas.
j. CAD provided comments on proposed policies and procedures to ascertain potential risks are governed and controlled.
4.3 Internal Audit Reports
a. CAD completed 18 audit assignments during the year, including ad-hoc reviews covering audits of all key operations.
b. All ﬁndings by CAD were tracked and followed up until they were dealt with and reported on a bi-monthly basis to the Audit Committee.
c. The implementation status of audit recommendations was reported to the Audit Committee on a bi-monthly basis.
52 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 53 ----
The Board places importance on and is committed to maintaining 
a sound system of internal control. The system of internal control 
addresses the need for eﬀective and eﬃcient business operations, 
sound ﬁnancial reporting and control procedures, and, above all, 
compliance with the applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines. 
The Board has overall responsibility for the Bank’s internal control and 
management information systems. The Board also recognises that 
reviewing the internal control system is a concerted and ongoing 
process and takes into account changes in technology, the business 
environment and regulatory guidelines, with a view to enhancing the 
process for identifying, evaluating and managing risks. The internal 
control system is designed to identify, manage and control risks, including 
operational risks, rather than to eliminate the risk of failure to achieve 
corporate objectives.
STATEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
BOARD RESPONSIBILITY
RISK MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL FRAMEWORK
KEY INTERNAL CONTROL PROCESSES
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SECURITY
The Bank considers risk management to be an important element of 
the Bank’s business and embeds a strong risk culture in the Bank’s daily 
business operations and decision-making process. With the growing 
importance of risk management for the Bank to achieve sustainable 
growth, the risk management team is involved at the inception of the 
risk-taking process to provide independent review and input including 
new product assessments, outsourcing governance, fraud monitoring, 
strategy setting, credit evaluation and others. 
The Bank, as part of CIMB Group, employs the Enterprise Wide Risk 
Management (EWRM) framework to manage its risk and opportunities. 
The EWRM provides the Board and its management with tools to 
anticipate and manage both the existing and potential risks, taking 
into consideration the changing risk proﬁles as dictated by changes in 
business strategies, regulatory environment, and functional activities.
IT Security requires an integrated strategy governing discipline over 
people, processes and technology. In order to strengthen and enhance 
the level of IT security management, the Bank adopted CIMB Group’s IT 
Security Standard, process and control. By implementing the Group IT 
Security Blueprint, the strategies maintain and enforce an eﬀective IT 
security infrastructure to safeguard the business and the Bank’s reputation. 
In line with the banking business growth and IT Infrastructure 
expansions, our technology design was constantly reviewed and 
improved to eﬀectively mitigate both internal and external risks and 
threats. In addition, we leverage on Group’s Security Operation Center 
(SOC) to monitor and respond to potential cyber-attacks in a more 
eﬀective manner.
At the network security level, additional network ﬁrewalls and network 
access control lists were deployed to manage security domains for 
group users and network resources in a logical and physical manner 
and allow restrictions on access and authorisation at the network. The 
Bank is further leveraging on Enterprise End-Point Protection such as 
Anti-Malware, Extended Detection & Response – XDR and End-Point 
Encryption, Data Loss Prevention (DLP) System, Intrusion Prevention 
System (IPS), Email Security Gateway (ESG) and Content ﬁltering on 
Websites accessing which can signiﬁcantly mitigate the security risks 
when data traverses the network. The real-time detect & response on 
cyber-attack and deﬁnition ﬁles and conﬁgurations of these tools are 
always up-to-date to mitigate the risk from newly discovered vulnerabilities.
The Bank has implemented IT security awareness programmes for 
new joiners and existing staﬀ to improve their awareness of privacy, 
information leakage, and IT security responsibility. These programmes 
consist of classroom / e-learning classes, annual assessments, and 
periodic newsletters circulated within the organisation.
The key processes that the Board has established in reviewing the 
adequacy and integrity of the system of internal control, including 
compliance with the applicable laws, regulations, rules, directives and 
guidelines, are as follows:
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee (AC) comprises Independent Non-Executive 
Directors. It is a Board-delegated committee with oversight of ﬁnancial 
reporting, disclosure, regulatory compliance, risk management, 
governance practices and monitoring of internal control processes in 
the Bank. Senior management, internal auditors and external auditors 
report to the AC on the eﬀectiveness and eﬃciency of internal controls. 
All signiﬁcant and material ﬁndings by the internal auditors, external 
auditors and regulators are reported to the AC for review and 
deliberation. The AC reviews and ensures the implementation of Senior 
Management’s mitigation plans to safeguard the interests of the Bank 
and maintain proper governance. Management of business and support 
units that are rated as “Unsatisfactory” or “Unacceptable” by Corporate 
Assurance (formerly “Internal Audit”) are counselled by the AC.
The AC also reviews all related party transactions and audit and 
non-audit-related fees proposed by the Bank’s external auditors.
Presentations of business plans, current developments, operations, 
risks associated with the business and controls to mitigate risks are 
made by the relevant business and support units as and when deemed 
necessary by the AC.
 
The AC members also attend the Bank’s annual management summit, 
at which each business and support unit reviews its operations for the 
year and presents strategies and plans for the year to come.
Risk Committee
The Risk Committee (RC) determines the Bank’s risk policy objectives 
and assumes responsibility on behalf of the Board for supervision of 
risk management. The day-to-day responsibility of risk management 
supervision and control is delegated to the RC, which reports directly to 
the Board. The RC meets on a monthly basis or as and when required.
The Cambodia Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO) reports 
to the RC on liquidity risk and assets and liabilities matters of the 
Bank. The Committee meets on a monthly basis, with its primary role 
being to monitor and to strategically manage the balance sheet ﬁnancial 
risk. It has speciﬁc accountability for the management of the cost of 
borrowing, developing suitable advisory inputs to the Risk Committee 
for decision-making pertaining to the Bank’s liquidity and interest rate 
risk, diversiﬁcation of funding sources, and the review of the loans and 
deposits composition of the Bank’s balance sheet. ALCO oversees the 
overall implementation of eﬀective processes for managing the Bank’s 
interest rates, liquidity, and similar risks relating to the Bank’s balance 
sheet and associated levels.
53
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL

---- Page 54 ----
Management Committee
The Management Committee is a committee set up by the Board of 
Directors to manage day-to-day operational issues. The meetings of 
this Committee are held on a monthly basis, during the third week 
of the month, or as and when required. The Committee comprises 
of members from each division and includes representatives from 
Corporate Assurance and Compliance as permanent invitees.
Internal Policies and Procedures
The Board has approved the documented internal policies and 
procedures of all business units. Policies and procedures serve as 
a day-to-day operational guide to ensure compliance with internal 
controls and the applicable laws and regulations. This is to ensure 
continuous improvements in operational eﬃciency while taking into 
consideration the changing industry proﬁle on regulatory requirements, 
risks and internal control measures for mitigation, as well as new 
products and services.
Corporate Assurance (formerly “Internal Audit”)
The Corporate Assurance Division (CAD) reports independently to the 
AC and is independent of the activities and operations of other business 
and support units. The principal responsibility of CAD is to provide an 
independent appraisal on the adequacy, eﬃciency and eﬀectiveness 
of risk management, control and governance processes implemented 
by Management. In evaluating internal control, CAD adopts the ﬁve 
components set out in the Internal Control Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway 
Commission (COSO); namely control environment, risk assessment, 
control activities, information and communication, and monitoring 
activities. COSO is an internationally recognised organisation that 
provides thought leadership and guidance on internal control, enterprise 
risk management, and fraud deterrence.
CAD’s scope of coverage encompasses all business and support units. 
The selection of the units to be audited from the audit universe is based 
on an annual audit plan that is approved by the AC. The annual audit 
plan is developed based on an assessment of the risks, exposures and 
strategies of the Bank. Units that are assessed as high risk are subject to 
an annual audit, while those that are assessed to be medium or low risk 
are subject to a cycle audit. Notwithstanding the risk assessment, the 
annual audit plan will include units that must be audited annually due to 
regulatory requirements, recent incidence of fraud, adverse audit rating 
in the past year, recent action taken by regulators due to both market 
conduct or otherwise, potential loss events reported amounting to 
USD25,000 and above, or signiﬁcant changes in operations or computer 
systems. CAD also undertakes investigations into alleged fraud by 
staﬀ, customers and third parties, and recommends appropriate 
improvements to prevent recurrence and actions against the persons 
responsible.
CAD has unrestricted access to information required in the course 
of its work. CAD’s scope of work is established in accordance with 
the Institute of Internal Auditors’ (IIA) International Standards for the 
Professional Practice of Internal Auditing and relevant regulatory 
guidelines.
The Audit Report is the ﬁnal product of an audit assignment, which 
provides the scope of audit work performed, a general evaluation of 
the system of internal control together with detailed audit observations 
and the responses from Management and recommendation from CAD 
for improvement. The implementation of actions by management is 
monitored and followed up by CAD with appropriate validation. The AC 
reviews and evaluates any exceptions or non-compliance raised by 
CAD and monitors activities to ensure that appropriate and prompt 
remedial actions are taken by the Management.
CAD submits a report to the Group AC once every quarter. CAD follows 
the same audit planning and audit rating methodology as the Group 
Corporate Assurance Division with such modiﬁcations as necessary to 
suit the local environment and regulations.
CAD has incorporated data analytics, agile approach, digital upskilling, 
and inﬂuence change as part of the Forward 23+ strategic plan to be 
in line with Group Corporate Assurance Division’s direction. CAD 
intensiﬁes the data analytic audit approach by integrating a data-driven 
assurance platform to facilitate auditors in performing systemic 
activities with more targeted key risk areas. CAD also identiﬁes potential 
cost savings and qualitative value-added recommendations (i.e. new 
control design) from the audits performed during the year.
To enhance relationship with management, CAD has conducted 
Quarterly Business Monitoring (“QBM”) with Department Heads, Section 
Heads, and relevant key stakeholders to strengthen working relationship 
and business understanding for better audit focus. In addition, CAD 
reviews and provides feedback on drafts of new and revised policies 
to ascertain adequate of proposed governance and controls to address 
risks.
Compliance Framework
The Board recognises that the compliance function forms an integral 
part of the Bank’s management and internal controls, as a strong 
compliance culture reﬂects a corporate culture of high integrity and 
ethics.
The Bank’s compliance function is driven by the Compliance Division 
(COD) with consultation and guidance from the Group Legal and 
Compliance Division which is headquartered in Malaysia. Its main 
function is to facilitate advice, monitor and educate the business and 
support units to act in accordance with laws, regulations and guidelines. 
In line with good governance, COD reports independently to the Board 
of Directors.
The Bank has established the Compliance Programme, which requires 
all business and support units to establish a Compliance Matrix that 
encompasses relevant laws, regulations, and guidelines applicable to 
the business and support units. Additionally, the business and support 
units are required to perform the gap analysis on the new/updates of 
law and regulations, guidance and subject to consultation with COD on 
the gaps or actions to be taken to ensure that the new/updates of law, 
regulations are adhered. Compliance Matrix shall be reviewed and 
updated annually. 
Business and support units are also required to conduct a self-testing 
exercise on the Compliance Matrix which COD will independently 
perform validation on quarterly basis. Additionally, COD conducts 
Compliance Reviews on business and support units based on the 
Compliance Work Plan that has been approved by the Board. Moreover, 
scheduled trainings are regularly conducted to promote awareness 
of the Compliance Framework and to facilitate the implementation 
within the Bank.
The Board of Directors is provided with compliance reports on a regular 
basis to facilitate the Board having a holistic and overall view of all 
compliance matters of the Bank.
New Product Approval Policy and Procedures
New product approval policy and procedures are enforced for all new 
banking products and services. New products are products and/or 
services that are oﬀered by the Bank for the ﬁrst time or a combination 
of a product and any existing or new product or variation to an existing 
product that results in a material change to the structure, features or 
risk proﬁle of the existing product, as determined by Risk Management.  
54 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 55 ----
All new product proposals are subject to a rigorous risk review process 
by various stakeholders at the Bank and relevant Group level to ensure 
that all critical and relevant areas of risk are appropriately identiﬁed, 
assessed and mitigated prior to implementation. The product proposal 
is then subject to extensive deliberations in various Bank and Group 
committees before submission to the Risk Committee for ﬁnal approval 
with post approval.
Exceptions Management and Escalation
The Bank continuously stresses the importance of adhering to regulatory 
requirements, internal controls and other established procedures in 
preserving its brand reputation. Exceptions are addressed and managed  
in a timely and transparent manner. To this end, the Bank has established 
exception management and escalation procedures to handle escalation 
of any exceptions, including regulatory non-compliance, breaches 
of rules or limits, fraud and other non-compliance with the internal 
processes. This procedure advocates timely remedial measures and 
strengthens transparency and management oversight.
Under the exception management and escalation procedures, reports 
on incidents are required to be submitted within 24 hours of discovery 
or ﬁrst notiﬁcation of such incident. Each exception will then be 
managed based on the severity and impact of the case on the Bank’s 
business, operations and brand reputation. Exceptions are summarised 
and reported to the Risk Committee on a monthly basis.
Code of Ethics
The Bank has in place a standard minimum code of conduct for all its 
employees, which encompasses all aspects of its day-to-day business 
operations. The guidelines of the code of conduct are adopted from 
the Group and incorporated in the employment contract, which is 
acknowledged and signed by all employees.
Human Resources Policies and Procedures
Human Resources (HR) Policies and Procedures have been instituted 
throughout the Group, covering all aspects of human resource 
management. The policies on recruitment, promotion, transfer and 
termination of employees within the Group are clearly deﬁned therein.  
These policies are built upon and in line with the relevant local 
regulations to ensure compliance. Employees are appraised on an annual 
basis, and the appraisal is directed by key performance indicators and 
core competency measurements. Learning and capability development 
programs which include skills and/or technical training are developed 
and put in place to support and improve the competency of our 
employees to ensure that they are able to discharge their duties 
eﬀectively and eﬃciently. Employees are periodically reminded of the 
relevant policies via e-mail or memoranda and also through relevant 
training sessions. One such training conducted is the Anti-Money 
Laundering (AML) session, which is carried out regularly to further 
emphasise the Group’s zero tolerance towards non-compliance with the 
AML policy. This is also emphasised during the orientation programme.
CIMB Group is committed to safeguarding the interests of all its key 
stakeholders, the reputation of the organisation and value-creating 
activities by ensuring an appropriate level of continuity on business 
processes and functions throughout the Group. The responsibilities 
for implementing and running the Business Continuity Management 
(“BCM”) programme lie with the Board of Directors and Management.
BUSINESS CONTINUITY MANAGEMENT CONCLUSION
A BCM framework is adopted from CIMB Group and is in place to 
outline and enforce minimum BCM requirements, procedures and 
practices on business and support units so as to ensure the continuity 
of critical business functions and essential services within a speciﬁed 
timeframe in the event of major disruptions, thus ensuring;
(i) customer’s expectations can be fulﬁlled, and quality of services 
can be maintained to promote customer conﬁdence;
(ii) minimal impact on business operations during major disruption;
(iii) reputation and image of the Bank will not be negatively aﬀected, 
and
(iv) regulatory compliance with BCM guidelines / principles / regulations.
The BCM framework is regularly updated and aligned with CIMB Group 
standards, and BCM procedures and practices include analysing the 
business functions and identifying continuity strategies, responses, 
continuity culture, exercises and plan maintenance of each business 
and support units.
Pursuant to the BCM, Business Continuity Plans (“BCP”) are documented 
for mission-critical functions and processes, and Disaster Recovery 
Plans (“DRP”) are documented for application systems. The BCP and 
DRP are rehearsed and tested on a regular basis.
In addition, BCM workshops are conducted annually for business 
and support units across the bank in eﬀorts to increase employee 
awareness on their roles, responsibilities and accountabilities with 
respect to BCM.
Anti-Money Laundering / Counter-Terrorism Financing (AML/CFT)
The Bank places importance on and is committed to establishing an 
eﬀective internal control system for AML / CFT in compliance with all 
related laws, regulations, guidelines and industry best practices.
The Bank maintains the AML/CFT Policies and Procedures which have 
been duly approved by the Board and subsequently updated once per 
two years or as necessary to reﬂect the new trends and mechanism 
on Money Laundering and or Financing Terrorism. 
The Bank’s AML / CFT systems and supporting systems facilitate AML risk, 
customer and transaction monitoring including Watchlist Management, 
Customer Due Diligence (CDD) or Know Your Customer (KYC) and 
AML / CFT Alert Monitoring. The Bank has ensured that the process, 
people, and system are able to detect the risk and report any suspicion 
to the regulators. 
Regular training and awareness programmes are conducted. This is 
supplemented with the latest updates on AML / CFT, real transaction 
case study on the risk of money laundering and ﬁnancing terrorism, 
with emphasis on the roles and responsibilities of employees. The 
Bank has taken and will continue to undertake ongoing measures 
to reduce the risk of CIMB’s exposure to possible money laundering 
and ﬁnancing of terrorism activities while ensuring compliance with 
regulatory guidelines.
The Board believes that the system of internal control in place is 
adequate to safeguard shareholder interests as well as the assets of the 
Bank. The Board also acknowledges the eﬀectiveness of the ongoing 
process for the identiﬁcation, evaluation and management of signiﬁcant 
risks in the Bank and is committed to continuing to review the 
operations and eﬀectiveness of the Bank’s internal controls, including 
ﬁnancial, operational and compliance controls and risk management.
55
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL

---- Page 56 ----
CORPORATE STRUCTURE 
CIMB GROUP HOLDINGS BERHAD
100%
CIMB GROUP SDN BHD
100%
CIMB BANK BERHAD
100%
CIMB BANK PLC
(As at 31 December 2023)
56 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE STRUCTURE 
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 57 ----
Direct Reporting
Functional Reporting
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER (CEO)
 
  
 
Corporate,
Transaction
Banking & FIG
Centralised
Credit 
Administration
Legal &
Company 
Secretarial
Commercial
Banking
Corporate
Resources
Marketing &
Communications
Technology
& Data
Consumer
Banking
Treasury &
MarketsOperations
Compliance Corporate
Assurance 
Risk 
Management
Audit 
Committee
Risk
Committee
Strategy Finance
(As at 31 December 2023)ORGANISATION CHART
57
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ORGANISATION CHART

---- Page 58 ----
CORPORATE INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Datuk Mohd Nasir Bin Ahmad
Long Beang
Aisyah Lam Binti Abdullah
Ahmad Shazli Bin Kamarulzaman
Cheong Weng Teong
Bun Yin 
Chairman / Independent Non-Executive Director
Independent Non-Executive Director
Independent Non-Executive Director
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Non-Independent Executive Director 
(As at 29 February 2024)
RISK COMMITTEE
Aisyah Lam Binti Abdullah
Bun Yin 
Kien Vatana
Hong Cheap
Ky Sana
Pech Somaly
Heng Viboth
Heng Vuthy
Heng Phuong Rachana
Heng Torang
Chairperson / Independent Non-Executive Director
Chief Executive Oﬃcer / Executive Director
Head, Risk Management
Head, Commercial Banking
Head, Corporate, Transaction Banking & FIG
Head, Consumer Banking 
Head, Technology & Data
Head, Finance
Head, Operations 
Head, Treasury & Markets 
MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Chairman / Chief Executive Oﬃcer
Head, Treasury & Markets
Head, Commercial Banking
Head, Consumer Banking
Head, Risk Management
Head, Finance
Head, Corporate Resources
Head, Technology & Data
Head, Corporate, Transaction Banking & FIG
Head, Product Management & Sustainability
Head, Strategy 
(Secondment with the Bank ended, eﬀective from 15 February 2024)
Head, Operations 
Bun Yin 
Heng Torang
Hong Cheap
Pech Somaly
Kien Vatana
Heng Vuthy
Oum Chenda Pheakdey
Heng Viboth
Ky Sana
Ouk Thanin
Seng Kok Wing
Heng Phuong Rachana
(Permanent invitees of the Committee include Head of Internal Audit and Head of Compliance)
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Long Beang
Datuk Mohd Nasir Bin Ahmad
Aisyah Lam Binti Abdullah
Chairman / Independent Non-Executive Director
Independent Non-Executive Director
Independent Non-Executive Director
58 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE INFORMATION
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 59 ----
CAMBODIA CREDIT COMMITTEE
Kien Vatana
Bun Yin
Hong Cheap
Sam Vannak
Pech Somaly
Chamnan Vanita
Ky Sana
Chong Kok Ping
Lim Gek Peng
Michael Ng Mun Seng
Ganga Devi Katheraveloo
Chairman / Head, Risk Management
Alternative Chairman / Chief Executive Oﬃcer / Executive Director
Head, Commercial Banking
Head, Consumer Lending (Resigned in October 2023)
Head, Consumer Baking (Appointed as member on 16 August 2023)
Head, Credit Management 
Head, Corporate, Transaction Banking & FIG
Co-Head, Regional Credit Management
Director, Financial Institutions and Traded Credit Management 
Head, Regional Credit Risk Analytics 
Regional Head, Commercial Credit Management, Group Commercial Banking 
REGISTERED OFFICE
No. 60, Preah Monivong Boulevard, Phum 10, Sangkat Voat Phnum, Khan Doun Penh, Phnom Penh, 120211, Kingdom of Cambodia
Tel : +855 23 988 388
Fax : +855 23 988 099
Website : www.cimbbank.com.kh
AUDITORS
PricewaterhouseCoopers (Cambodia) Ltd.
#58C Sihanouk Boulevard, Sangkat Tonle Bassac, Phnom Penh 12210
P.O. Box 1147
Tel : +855 23 860 606
Fax : +855 23 211 594
Website : www.pwc.com.kh
REGISTRATION NO. 00010524
COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ly Sophea
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir
CAMBODIA ASSET LIABILITY MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Bun Yin 
Pech Somaly
Hong Cheap
Heng Vuthy
Heng Torang
Ky Sana
Kien Vatana
Seng Kok Wing
Chairman / Chief Executive Oﬃcer / Executive Director
Head, Consumer Banking
Head, Commercial Banking
Head, Finance
Head, Treasury & Markets
Head, Corporate, Transaction Banking & FIG
Head, Risk Management
Head, Strategy
(Secondment with the Bank ended, eﬀective from 15 February 2024)
59
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE INFORMATION

---- Page 60 ----
04

---- Page 61 ----
HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023
62 Corporate Event Highlights
68 Media Highlights

---- Page 62 ----
03 MARCH 2023 @CIMB BANK’S HEAD OFFICE, PHNOM PENH
 19 SEPTEMBER 2023 @CIMB BANK’S HEAD OFFICE, PHNOM PENH
CORPORATE EVENT HIGHLIGHTS
CIMB BANK BLOOD DONATION
10 MAY 2023 @CAMED BUSINESS SCHOOL’S OFFICE, PHNOM PENH
 25 MAY 2023 @CAMBODIAN RED CROSS’ OFFICE, PHNOM PENH
CIMB BANK SCHOLARSHIP AWARD CEREMONY DONATION TO CAMBODIAN REDCROSS
05 AUGUST 2023 @KHMER-SOVIET FRIENDSHIP HOSPITAL, PHNOM PENH
 09 SEPTEMBER 2023 @TOUL PRECH SECONDARY SCHOOL, KAMPONG CHAM
DONATION TO EYES TREATMENT PROGRAMME BY THE NBC DONATION TO TOUL PRECH SECONDARY SCHOOL
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY PROGRAMMES
62 HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023 CORPORATE EVENT HIGHLIGHTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 63 ----
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY PROGRAMMES
CIMB BANK TREE PLANTING CEREMONY WITH THE MINISTRY OF CULTURE AND FINE ARTS
10 OCTOBER 2023 @ANGKOR WAT TEMPLE, SIEM REAP
27 OCTOBER 2023 @THE RABBIT SCHOOL ORGANISATION’S OFFICE, PHNOM PENH
DONATION TO THE RABBIT SCHOOL ORGANISATION
63
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023 CORPORATE EVENT HIGHLIGHTS
30 OCTOBER 2023 @CIMB BANK’S HEAD OFFICE, PHNOM PENH
CIMB ASEAN SCHOLARSHIP AWARD CEREMONY

---- Page 64 ----
JANUARY 2023 @CIMB BANK’S BRANCHES, PHNOM PENH
NEW YEAR CELEBRATION 
30 APRIL 2023 @BATTAMBANG
 31 MAY 2023 @NAGA WORLD, PHNOM PENH
CUSTOMERS’ APPRECIATION DAY LECTURE ON ANTI-CORRUPTION LAW BY ANTI-CORRUPTION UNIT
07 JUNE 2023 @CIMB BANK’S HEAD OFFICE, PHNOM PENH
 28 JUNE 2023 @ORIENDA INTERNATIONAL HOSPITAL, PHNOM PENH
EMPLOYEE HEALTHCARE WORKSHOP MOU SIGNING CEREMONY WITH ORIENDA INTERNATIONAL HOSPITAL
CORPORATE EVENTS
64 HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023 CORPORATE EVENT HIGHLIGHTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 65 ----
29 JULY 2023 @AEON MALL SEN SOK, PHNOM PENH
 05 AUGUST 2023 @AEON MALL PHNOM PENH, PHNOM PENH
CIMB BANK BOOTH ACTIVATION
16 SEPTEMBER 2023 @SCHNEITEC GROUP’S SOLAR FARM, KAMPONG SPEU
 06 OCTOBER 2023 @MEAN CHEY RESIDENCES’ OFFICE, PHNOM PENN
CIMB BANK SOLAR EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING TRIP MOU SIGNING CEREMONY WITH MEAN CHEY RESIDENCES
10-12 OCTOBER 2023 @SIEM REAP
 17-18 NOVEMBER 2023 @PREAH SIHANOUK
REGIONAL DIRECTORS’ SHARING SESSION CIMB BANK STAFF ANNUAL TRIP & TOWN HALL
CORPORATE EVENTS
65
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023 CORPORATE EVENT HIGHLIGHTS

---- Page 66 ----
CORPORATE EVENTS
SPONSORSHIP
23 NOVEMBER 2023 @PHNOM PENH
 30 NOVEMBER 2023 @CIMB BANK’S HEAD OFFICE, PHNOM PENH
CIMB SUSTAINABILITY FORUM THE OFFICIAL LAUNCH OF CIMB BANK NEW HEAD OFFICE & BRANCHES
11-12 FEBRUARY 2023 @KOH PICH EXHIBITION HALL, PHNOM PENH
 25 MARCH 2023 @CIA FIRST INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL, PHNOM PENH
8TH KIDS & FAMILIES FAIR INTERNATIONAL CUTURAL DAY
27-28 JUNE 2023 @THE OLYMPIA MALL, PHNOM PENH
 31 AUGUST 2023 @NAGA WORLD, PHNOM PENH
MSME DAY 66TH HARI MERDEKA CELEBRATION
66 HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023 CORPORATE EVENT HIGHLIGHTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 67 ----
23-24 SEPTEMBER 2023 @KOH PICH EXHIBITION HALL, PHNOM PENH
 29-30 SEPTEMBER 2023 @NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF MANAGEMENT, PHNOM PENH
9TH KIDS & FAMILIES FAIR JOBS & SKILLS SUMMIT
SPONSORSHIP
18 OCTOBER 2023 @AMERICAN UNIVERSITY OF PHNOM PENH, PHNOM PENH
 04 NOVEMBER 2023 @CAMED BUSINESS SCHOOL, PHNOM PENH
AUPP CAREER FAIR CAMED CAREER FAIR
07-16 DECEMBER 2023 @ANGKOR WAT TEMPLE, SIEM REAP
 17 DECEMBER 2023 @CAMBODIA-JAPAN COOPERATION CENTRE, PHNOM PENH
ANGKOR THANKGIVING CEREMONY CJCC JOB FAIR
67
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023 CORPORATE EVENT HIGHLIGHTS

---- Page 68 ----
MEDIA HIGHLIGHTS
68 HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023 MEDIA HIGHLIGHTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 69 ----
69
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
HIGHLIGHTS & ACHIEVEMENT 2023 MEDIA HIGHLIGHTS

---- Page 70 ----


---- Page 71 ----
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 72 ----
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad is a Fellow of Association of Chartered 
Certiﬁed Accountants (ACCA), United Kingdom, a Chartered Accountant 
with Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA), and holds a Master 
of Business Administration (Finance) from Universiti Kebangsaan 
Malaysia.
He is currently Chairman of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad, CIMB Bank 
Berhad, CIMB Bank PLC and Touch ‘n Go Sdn. Bhd. He was appointed 
as Independent Director of CIMB on 20 July 2015 and CIMB Group 
Chairman on 20 October 2018 and appointed as Chairman / Independent 
Non-Executive Director of CIMB Bank PLC on 16 December 2019. 
He was the President of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) 
from August 2011 to July 2013. In September 2013, he was elected to 
the Council of the Association of Chartered Certiﬁed Accountants (ACCA) 
in the United Kingdom and completed the maximum 9 years’ tenure 
in November 2022, after being re-elected in September 2016 and 
November 2019.
 
On 1 May 2021, he was appointed a member of the Financial Reporting 
Foundation and Chairman of the Malaysian Accounting Standards 
Board (MASB). 
 He brings with him vast experience in the areas of leadership, 
management, operations, ﬁnance and accounting, which spans over 
40 years, having started his career as a Trainee Accountant with 
Tenaga Nasional Berhad (TNB) in 1979 and moving on to hold various 
positions in the Finance Division.
 
In January 1993, Datuk Mohd Nasir was seconded to TNB’s subsidiary 
company, Malaysia Transformer Manufacturing Sdn Bhd, as Financial 
Controller before being appointed its Chief Executive Oﬃcer (CEO) in 
June 1994.
 
In January 2000, he joined Sharikat Permodalan Kebangsaan Berhad 
as its CEO. On 1 June 2001, he was appointed CEO of Perbadanan 
Usahawan Nasional Berhad, a position he held until his retirement 
on 1 June 2011.
Datuk Mohd Nasir is also Chairman of CIMB Foundation, Trustee of 
Yayasan Canselor UNITEN and Perdana Leadership Foundation, and 
board member of FIDE Forum.
DATUK MOHD NASIR BIN AHMAD
Chairman / Independent Non-Executive Director
Malaysian
69 years old
Joined the Board on 16 December 2019
Attended all 6 Board meetings held in 2023
Member of the Audit Committee
72 BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 73 ----
Ms. Aisyah Lam has been appointed as an Independent Director and 
Chairwoman of the Risk Committee of the Bank from 5 July 2018. She 
is also an Independent Director of CIMB Bank Vietnam. 
Starting her banking career in Standard Chartered Bank, she went on to 
Deutsche Bank (Malaysia) in 1994 where she became the Head of Global 
Corporate Cash Management, pioneering the set-up of online corporate 
trade and transactional business for Deutsche Bank in Malaysia and 
then joining the regional sales team in Singapore. In 2001, she moved 
on to IslamicQ.com Asia (Dubai) where she was the Country Manager 
responsible for the management, development and implementation of 
business strategies in Asia. 
In 2003, Ms. Aisyah returned to Malaysia to become the General Manager 
of Wealth Management for Hong Leong Bank Berhad. Her responsibilities 
include expansion of the business, growing the portfolio of assets under 
management, developing and managing the bank’s priority as well 
as private banking sales channels in addition to the branch network. 
Ms. Aisyah went on to Citibank in 2006 to head and to develop their 
Wealth Management portfolio in Malaysia.
Ms. Aisyah decided to leave for Hanoi in Vietnam in May 2010 to take 
up a new challenge in starting up a retail business for Ngan Hang TMCP 
Bac A Bank. The mission was to put up the infrastructure in the bank 
to support the key retail banking products and services in line with its 
strategic plan in building and growing this segment as a major business 
for the bank. Upon completion of the project, she moved on to Hong 
Leong Bank Ltd Vietnam where from 2012 to 2015, she developed 
and built the businesses of personal ﬁnancial services for the bank 
in Vietnam.
From banking, Ms. Aisyah moved into the health care industry in 2016 
managing and building a group of chiropractic clinics in Vietnam in all 
aspects of operations as well as business development. In 2022, the 
group of clinics were merged into the largest hospital in Vietnam and 
subsequently acquired by Thomson Medical Group Singapore. Post 
the M&A (merger & acquisition) activities, Aisyah has remained as 
a consultant to continue supporting the business.
Ms. Aisyah Lam graduated from the Chartered Institute of Banking UK 
with a post graduate advance diploma in Chartered Marketing.
AISYAH LAM BINTI ABDULLAH
Independent Non-Executive Director
Malaysian
59 years old
Joined the Board on 5 July 2018
Attended all 6 Board meetings held in 2023
Member of the Audit Committee
Chairwoman of the Risk Committee
73
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

---- Page 74 ----
Mr. Beang is a member of the Bar Association of Kingdom of Cambodia 
(BAKC), a member of the National Commercial Arbitration Center (NCAC) 
and holds a Master of International Commercial Law and Corporate 
Counsel from The Royal University of Law and Economics, Cambodia.
He has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and 
the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Bank from 9 March 2022.
Beang had been appointed as an Independent Director of Ly Hour 
Insurance Plc. in March 2019 and as Chairman of the Audit Committee 
to the Board of Directors for Ly Hour Insurance Plc. early 2020 until his 
resignation from this directorship on 25 September 2021. 
He brings with him vast experience in the areas of leadership, 
management, legal profession by having advised to various clients 
on many practice areas, including but not limited to; real estate and 
construction, banking and ﬁnance, insurance, telecom, tourism and 
hotel, labor and employment, capital markets (Securities and derivative 
businesses), sale and purchase contract for goods and services, project 
ﬁnance, legal due diligence, manufacturing business and also representing 
clients before the courts for civil and commercial cases. 
Since September 2018, as one of the senior and top Cambodian 
commercial arbitrators, Beang has been involving with managing,  
ruling and leading arbitration proceedings and arbitration tribunals 
regarding commercial dispute resolutions notably for matters relating 
to international trade, supply and services contracts and construction. 
In January 2022, he has been accredited as CEDR Accredited Mediator 
by Centre for Eﬀective Dispute Resolution which is based in United 
Kingdom. 
Beang is a Managing Partner of PYT & Associates, registered with the 
BAKC and he leads on some practice areas namely; banking and ﬁnance, 
project ﬁnance, insurance, labor and employment, dispute resolutions 
within the jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission of 
Cambodia (“SECC”) and NCAC and also regarding civil and commercial 
litigation and also co-leads on other areas such as: real estate and 
construction (transaction), merger and acquisition (“M&A”) and securities 
and derivative business including Initial Public Oﬀering (“IPO”). 
LONG BEANG
Independent Non-Executive Director
Cambodian
44 years old
Joined the Board on 9 March 2022
Attended all 6 Board meetings held in 2023
Chairman of the Audit Committee 
74 BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 75 ----
Mr. Ahmad Shazli Bin Kamarulzaman holds a Bachelor of Science (Hon) 
Economics and Accounting, University of Bristol, UK.
He was appointed as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 16 
December 2019.
Ahmad Shazli is Co-CEO of Group Commercial & Transaction Banking 
eﬀective 1 October 2023. Prior to that, he was the Deputy CEO of Group 
Commercial Banking.
As Co-CEO of Group Commercial & Transaction Banking, Ahmad Shazli 
oversees the Group’s Business Banking segment for Malaysia, Singapore, 
Indonesia, Thailand and Cambodia. This includes strategy, credit, customer 
management and product & services in both Conventional and Islamic 
Banking. 
Ahmad Shazli led the highly successful transformation of Commercial 
Banking Malaysia and under his stewardship, impressive strides have 
been made in Commercial business. Since joining CIMB in January 2006, 
he has also been instrumental in the Group’s recovery operations 
having set up Group Special Asset Management to recover the NPLs 
for Corporate, Commercial / SME and Retail Banking. He is a Chairman 
of Sathorn Asset Management Co Ltd in Thailand and CEO of Southeast 
Asia Special Asset Management Berhad, SPVs set up to acquire 
distressed loans / assets from CIMB Bank. 
Ahmad Shazli started his career at a leading merchant bank before 
moving to Malaysia’s national asset management company, Pengurusan 
Danaharta Nasional Berhad (Danaharta). 
In addition to the above, Shazli is also one of the founding member 
and Treasurer of Parent Action Group for Education (PAGE), Malaysia’s 
foremost Education NGO, that aims to advance Malaysia’s education 
system.
AHMAD SHAZLI BIN KAMARULZAMAN
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Malaysian
52 years old
Joined the Board on 16 December 2019
Attended all 6 Board meetings in 2023 
75
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

---- Page 76 ----
Mr. Cheong Weng Teong holds a Master Degree in Marketing from 
RMIT University. He was appointed as the Bank’s Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director on 20 May 2021.
Currently, he is also the Head of Consumer Banking of CIMB Bank 
Berhad, where he is responsible for the management and operations 
of the bank’s consumer banking business. Prior to that, he was the 
Head of Retail & Enterprise Distribution at CIMB Bank Berhad and 
Head of Branch Distribution Group at Southern Bank. Before joining 
CIMB Group in 2004, he was the Head of Sales Development at AIG 
Marketing Group and Head of Consumer Clients at ABN AMRO Bank.  
He has over 25 years of experience in consumer banking spanning branch 
management, sales and product management. He was instrumental in 
formulating and executing the sales and distribution strategy for the 
consumer banking where he transformed the branch network and 
non-branch channels into a high performing sales organisation.
CHEONG WENG TEONG
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Malaysian
55 years old
Joined the Board on 20 May 2021
Attended all 6 Board meetings in 2023 
76 BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 77 ----
Mr. Bun Yin earned a Bachelor Degree from the Faculty of Finance, 
Accounting and Banking of the Ministry of Finance in Cambodia in 1987. 
He has also earned Chartered Banker status which has been conferred 
by Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB).
He was appointed as Chief Executive Oﬃcer (CEO) on 1 January 2015 
after serving as Deputy General Manager since the inception of the 
Bank in Cambodia. Bun Yin was appointed as the Bank’s Executive 
Director (ED) on 29 January 2015. He is also a member of the Bank’s 
Risk Committee. He turned the Bank around to become proﬁtable 
during his ﬁrst year as the CEO. Despite challenging market conditions 
and the extremely high internal standards, Bun Yin navigated the tides 
and positioned the business of CIMB to a proﬁtable track since then.  
As ED/CEO, Bun Yin has overall responsibility for the implementation 
of the Bank’s strategy, and for carrying out the Board’s direction, 
managing the Bank’s businesses and driving performance within 
strategic goals and commercial objectives. He leads the Management 
team in carrying out the corporate strategy and vision of the Bank. He 
is also accountable to the Board for the day-to-day operations of the 
Bank’s business.
Bun Yin has been working in the banking industry for more than 40 
years. With his extensive experience in banking, he understands the 
local market well and has played a central role in driving the Bank’s 
business agenda. He has been recognised as one of the pioneers in the 
Cambodia’s banking industry. 
BUN YIN
Chief Executive Oﬃcer/ Non-Independent Executive Director
Cambodian
68 years old
Joined the Board on 29 January 2015
Attended 5 out of 6 Board meetings held in 2023
Member of the Risk Committee
77
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

---- Page 78 ----
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir is the Group Company Secretary, and she 
has worked at the bank since joining the Corporate Legal Services Unit 
in 2002. She was instrumental in setting up the Company Secretarial 
Department in 2004 and was appointed as Group Company Secretary 
in 2006.  
In her role, Datin Rossaya is responsible for providing counsel and 
advice on Board duties and responsibilities, to ensure that CIMB 
complies with relevant laws and regulatory requirements. She also 
plays a liaison role between the Board and its key stakeholders both 
in Malaysia and in the Group’s regional operations, ensuring that 
a corporate governance framework is deployed in a manner that 
supports the Group’s vision and aspirations.  
She has extensive industry knowledge, with over 26 years of experience 
in corporate secretarial practice. Previously, she was with Permodalan 
Nasional Berhad where she assumed the position of Joint Company 
Secretary for several of its subsidiaries. She began her career with the 
Time Engineering Group. 
Datin Rossaya serves as a member of the Companies Commission of 
Malaysia’s Corporate Practice Consultative Forum and is a Director of 
several subsidiaries in the CIMB group. She is a CIMB Sustainability 
Champion and has initiated several projects to encourage sustainability 
in the workplace for #teamcimb. She actively advocates greater 
participation of women in the boardroom and has been involved in 
various networking initiatives to promote this agenda.
Datin Rossaya holds a Bachelor of Laws, majoring in Business Law, from 
Coventry University, United Kingdom. She is a licensed secretary awarded 
by Companies Commission of Malaysia, and she is also an aﬃliate of 
Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.
DATIN ROSSAYA MOHD NASHIR
Joint Company Secretary
Malaysian
78 BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT JOINT COMPANY SECRETARY
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 79 ----
Ly Sophea has been the Joint Company Secretary of CIMB Bank PLC 
since November 2010. She also acts as the Joint Company Secretary 
to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of CIMB Bank PLC. 
Sophea is also the Secretary to the Management Committee and 
Cambodia Business Review Committee as well as is a permanent 
invitee of other committees of the Bank such as the Risk Committee 
and Cambodia Credit Committee. 
Prior to joining CIMB Bank PLC, Sophea was an Assistant to the Senior 
Vice President and Head of Legal and Corporate Aﬀairs at a major Bank 
in Cambodia. She simultaneously studied and worked for six years 
in legal and corporate secretarial roles in Legal and Corporate Aﬀairs 
Division at her previous workplace.
Sophea graduated in 2004 from Royal University of Law and Economics 
(“RULES”) with a Bachelor of Law and in that same year, earned a 
Bachelor of Accounting from the Faculty of Business Administration 
of Institution of the Technology and Management (currently known as 
University of Puthisastra). In 2007, she further obtained her Master’s 
Degree in Private Law from RULES. Sophea was qualiﬁed for the 
certiﬁcate in AML/CFT from Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB), 
Malaysia, in 2017. She was also qualiﬁed as a CEDR Accredited Mediator 
from the Centre for Eﬀective Dispute Resolution (CEDR) which is based 
in United Kingdom, in January 2022. In August 2022, Sophea attended 
the 1st Training and Examination and successfully be certiﬁed as the 
Approved Persons in the Trust Sector of 2022. Furthermore, she was 
also certiﬁed as qualiﬁed person for commercial arbitrator of the 
National Commercial Arbitration Centre (NCAC) in February 2023.
LY SOPHEA
Joint Company Secretary
Cambodian
79
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT JOINT COMPANY SECRETARY

---- Page 80 ----


---- Page 81 ----
MANAGEMENT TEAM

---- Page 82 ----
Mr. Bun Yin earned a Bachelor Degree from the Faculty of Finance, 
Accounting and Banking of the Ministry of Finance in Cambodia in 1987. 
He has also earned Chartered Banker status which has been conferred 
by Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB).
He was appointed as Chief Executive Oﬃcer (CEO) on 1 January 2015 
after serving as Deputy General Manager since the inception of the Bank in 
Cambodia. Bun Yin was appointed as the Bank’s Executive Director (ED) 
on 29 January 2015. He is also a member of the Bank’s Risk Committee. 
He turned the Bank around to become proﬁtable during his ﬁrst year 
as the CEO. Despite challenging market conditions and the extremely 
high internal standards, Bun Yin navigated the tides and positioned 
the business of CIMB to a proﬁtable track since then. 
 
As ED/CEO, Bun Yin has overall responsibility for the implementation of 
the Bank’s strategy, and for carrying out the Board’s direction, managing 
the Bank’s businesses and driving performance within strategic goals 
and commercial objectives. He leads the Management team in carrying 
out the corporate strategy and vision of the Bank. He is also accountable 
to the Board for the day-to-day operations of the Bank’s business.
Bun Yin has been working in the banking industry for more than 40 
years. With his extensive experience in banking, he understands the 
local market well and has played a central role in driving the Bank’s 
business agenda. He has been recognised as one of the pioneers in 
the Cambodia’s banking industry. 
With a large body of experience in the commercial banking sector, 
frontline customer facing and risk management, Hong Cheap has 
equipped himself with strong customer and industry knowledge to 
provide valuable insight to the Bank on business and risk management 
matters. Hong Cheap also has experience in risk management in Laos 
in the position of Chief Risk Oﬃcer for an International Bank. 
Before becoming the Head of Commercial Banking starting 1 January 
2018, Hong Cheap served role as Head of Risk for CIMB Bank PLC for 
5 years and managed the Bank’s overall risk management, chaired the 
Credit Committee and worked closely with other business units to 
embed a strong risk culture within the Bank. 
As Head of Commercial Banking, he is vital in planning and executing the 
Bank’s commercial strategies. He leads the team in growing loan book 
while maintaining good asset quality, enhancing deposits, improving 
capabilities and productivity, and increasing proﬁts for the whole Bank. 
Hong Cheap is also actively involved in enhancing collaboration between 
Commercial Banking and their stakeholders within the Bank.
He holds a Bachelor’s and a Master’s Degree in Business Administration 
and has also completed the CIMB-INSEAD Leadership Programme. 
HONG CHEAP
Head, Commercial Banking
Cambodian
BUN YIN
Chief Executive Oﬃcer
Cambodian
82 BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT TEAM
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 83 ----
Heng Torang is one of the pioneers in the management team of CIMB 
Bank PLC, having joined the Bank in 2010. He established the Bank’s 
Risk Management functions and served as the secretary for the Risk 
Committee. In mid-2013, he transitioned to lead Treasury & Markets 
division, where he oversees the management of the Bank’s balance 
sheet, money market activities, liquidity risk, foreign exchange risk and 
transactions, other treasury products, and to maintain relationships 
with the bank and ﬁnancial institutions.
As a member of the Management Committee, Torang also holds 
positions in the Assets & Liabilities Management Committee and the 
Risk Committee, underscoring his inﬂuence and involvement in critical 
decision-making processes within the bank.
Prior to joining CIMB Bank PLC, Torang accumulated extensive experience 
as a Treasury & Market Risk Manager, specialising in treasury operations 
and relevant market risks. He also served in treasury funding operations 
and cash ﬂow management at a major bank in Cambodia for six years.
Torang’s educational background includes a BA degree in Accounting 
from the National Institution of Management in Cambodia, an MBA in 
Finance from Pannasastra University of Cambodia, and completed the 
Accelerated Universal Bankers Programme from Nanyang Technological 
University in Singapore. His diverse academic qualiﬁcations and 
professional experiences have equipped him with a comprehensive 
skill set to navigate the complexities of banking and ﬁnance.
Ky Sana has over 21 years of experience in banking services. Her career 
began in an International Bank, where she served in various disciplines, 
from front oﬃces to back oﬃce operations, credit, trade ﬁnance and 
as a member of the senior management. She joined CIMB Bank PLC 
in 2010 as Branch Manager of its ﬁrst main branch. She was taking care 
of Preferred and Commercial Banking portfolios before being promoted 
as Head of Corporate, Transaction Banking and Financial Institutions 
Group. 
In her current role, Sana is responsible for relationship management 
with large corporate and FIG clients and the overall performance of 
Corporate Banking and FIG unit in Cambodia. Beyond the traditional 
corporate funding services, she is also in charge of providing solutions 
and added values in respect to their transactional banking requirements 
such as Cash Management, Trade Finance and Internet Banking. 
During the tenure with CIMB, Sana was the recipient of the following 
awards: 
1. Best Branch of the Year Award 2011 from CIMB Cambodia; 
2. Most Admired Employee Award 2011 from CIMB Cambodia;
3. Emerald Award 2013 for High Performing Middle Managers 
from CIMB Group; 
4. Most Inﬂuential Woman Award 2020 from CIMB Cambodia;
Sana holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting and a Master’s Degree in 
Business Administration. She completed the Accelerated Universal Bankers 
Programme from Nanyang Technological University in Singapore. 
KY SANA
Head, Corporate, Transactions Banking
& Financial Institution Group
Cambodian
HENG TORANG 
Head, Treasury & Markets
Cambodian
83
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT TEAM

---- Page 84 ----
Heng Vuthy was one of the pioneers in the management team of CIMB 
Bank PLC, joining the Bank in 2010. His primary duties are to manage 
ﬁnancial functions, plan, organise, direct and manage subordinate 
personnel involved in developing, implementing and maintaining policies 
and practices for the ﬁnancial management, budgeting, taxation, 
accounting and regulatory reporting, and business strategy of the 
Bank.
Vuthy also has oversight of the accounting system and reporting, 
ﬁnancial controls, business planning, and serves as liaison to the Group 
Head Oﬃce in Malaysia. Prior to joining CIMB Bank PLC, he had eight 
years of experience in ﬁnancial management and was Deputy Head 
of the Finance Division in his last post with a major Bank in Cambodia. 
Vuthy holds a Master of Business Administration in Finance from 
Pannasastra University of Cambodia and an Association of Chartered 
Certiﬁed Accountants (ACCA) degree from CamEd Institute, Oﬃcial ACCA 
Platinum Tuition Provider.
HENG VUTHY 
Head, Finance
Cambodian
Pech Somaly joined CIMB Bank PLC in 2021 as Head of Branch and 
Delivery to lead Both Preferred Banking, Branch network and Branch 
Operations before being promoted as Head of Consumer Banking. 
In her role, Somaly is responsible for the overall management and 
ﬁnancial performance as well as business strategy of CIMB Bank’s 
Consumer Banking, which includes Customer Experience, Branch Network, 
Credit Management and Business portfolio such as Retail Deposit, 
Preferred Banking, Consumer Loan (Mortgage, Auto Loan, Personal Loan, 
other Consumer Banking Product) and Credit Card. 
Somaly has over 24 years of experience in banking and ﬁnancial 
services. She started her career with few Regional Banks where she 
worked both in Cambodia and other regional countries as a member 
of the senior management.
Prior to joining CIMB Bank PLC, Somaly worked for a major International 
Bank in Cambodia for 13 years, where she assumed multitude of 
management positions from Operations to be Sale Director and then 
as Chief Operating Oﬃcer of one startup and well-known Fintech. 
Somaly obtained her Bachelor’s Degree in Banking and Finance 
in Phnom Penh and continuously earned her MBA in Finance and 
Management from the Charles Sturt University.
PECH SOMALY
Head, Consumer Banking
Cambodian
84 BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT TEAM
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 85 ----
As one of the pioneers in the management team of CIMB Bank PLC, 
Pheakdey stands behind the success of our people strategy including 
talent acquisition, performance & rewards, employee engagement, 
culture building, talent management and development. She ensures 
CIMB remains a top of mind employer in the market. In 2020, she led 
the Bank to be awarded the “Best Company to Work For In Asia”, a proud 
achievement thus far. 
 
Progressively, Pheakdey brought splendid achievements to the Bank 
through the building of top talents within competitiveness and the 
utilisation of our human resources to their utmost. Her main focuses are 
on talent attraction and retention for a driven and sustainable business 
with the short, mid and long-term strategy. 
 
Pheakdey has a good communication and engagement skills that allow 
her to collaborate smoothly with our leadership team to drive talent 
growth aspiration and be fully supported by regional development 
and/or attachment programme. 
 
Beyond Human Resources specialty, Pheakdey leads and manages 
the Administration, Property Management and Strategic Procurement 
functions. She oversees key property projects to ensure they are 
eﬀectively managed in terms of cost-eﬃciency and deliverables.  
 
Prior to joining CIMB Bank PLC, Pheakdey has been thriving as one of 
the most participated leaders in HR role for over 15 years within various 
industries. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree of Business Administration 
from the National Institute of Management, Cambodia. In 2022, she 
obtained a certiﬁcation of Professional Banker which is recognised by 
AICB (Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers) and the Chartered Banker 
Institute, UK. 
Heng Viboth joined CIMB Bank PLC as Head of Technology & Operations 
in August 2018 and in September 2022, he was appointed as Head of 
Technology & Data. In his role, Viboth is responsible for the planning 
and implementation of the Bank’s technology roadmap, which includes 
overseeing taskforces, project progress and risk evaluation. He leads 
his team to ensure that policies/procedures are in compliance and to 
continuously provide timely support to the Business Units and Business 
Enablers.  
In Data areas, Viboth is responsible for the Bank’s Data Governance 
management, which includes managing data labelling, data usage, data at 
rest and data storing. He also ensures that the Bank’s data management 
policy is up to date and in compliance with regulation and internal 
processes. 
Viboth has 21 years of working experience in the banking industry and 
started his career as a Software Engineer in 2003. Prior to CIMB Bank 
PLC, he was the Head of Information Technology Services at a leading 
local bank in Cambodia. 
Viboth holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science from the Royal 
University of Phnom Penh.
OUM CHENDA PHEAKDEY 
Head, Corporate Resources 
Cambodian
HENG VIBOTH
Head, Technology & Data
Cambodian
85
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT TEAM

---- Page 86 ----
Ouk Thanin joined CIMB Bank PLC in March 2017 to oversee the 
Product Management unit. Thanin’s responsibilities include managing, 
coordinating and delivering projects, policies and guidelines related 
to new and existing product oﬀerings to align with market needs. 
Throughout the years, he has been instrumental in managing the 
Product Management unit and successfully introduced new products, 
which have diﬀerentiated CIMB from an increasingly competitive 
market. He also serves as the lead coordinator for a number of 
bank-wide initiatives and projects, including Sustainability programme.
Prior to joining CIMB, he had 9 years of experience in the ﬁnancial 
service industry covering diverse ﬁelds that include general insurance, 
credit management and institutional banking.
Thanin was a recipient of Singapore Government Scholarship and 
Fulbright Scholarship. He graduated with a BBA Honor from the National 
University of Singapore in 2006 and with an MBA from Vanderbilt 
University in the United States in 2012. He was selected in 2012 for 
membership in Beta Gamma Sigma, the international honor society 
for collegiate schools of business.
Heng Phuong Rachana joined CIMB Bank PLC in 2012, she has grown 
well and managed to run a bigger scale of operations under Technology 
and Operations Division before appointed as Head of Operations 
Division in 2022. 
In her role, Rachana is responsible for managing back oﬃce functions 
with particular reference to local/international remittances, trade 
ﬁnance, inward/outward cheque clearing, self-service terminal (SST) 
management, centralised cash management, internet banking, treasury 
operations, loan disbursement and other payment/settlement services. 
She also leads and develops team to ensure their professional growth 
by maintaining quality and excellent service/support. 
Rachana has over 20 years of working experience both banking services 
and back oﬃce functions. Prior to CIMB Bank PLC, she was the Head of 
Banking Services at one local bank in Cambodia. 
She holds two Bachelor’s degrees in (i) Accounting from National 
Institute of Management and (ii) English Communication from Norton 
University. 
OUK THANIN
Head, Product Management & Sustainability
Cambodian
HENG PHUONG RACHANA
Head, Operations
Cambodian
86 BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT TEAM
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 87 ----
As one of the pioneers in the management team of CIMB Bank PLC since 
2010, Khieu Lanin’s responsibilities include developing and overseeing 
audit plans, strategies, standards and policies as well as the overall 
management of the Corporate Assurance Division. 
Lanin has over 21 years of working experience in the banking industry, 
especially in internal audit, which enables him to eﬀectively execute 
his roles along with assisting the Audit Committee and management 
in establishing cost-eﬀective controls, identifying and assessing risks, 
recommending measures to mitigate risks, assuring proper governance 
process, ensuring the establishment of quality programmes, and 
supervising audit work. 
Lanin holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Finance and Banking from the 
National University of Management and a Master’s Degree in Accounting 
and Finance from Build Bright University. He completed the Regulatory 
Compliance Course from The Institute of Banking and Finance (IBF). 
He is currently pursuing qualiﬁcation of Certiﬁed Internal Audit (CIA) 
from the Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) and pursuing Certiﬁed 
Cyber Risk Specialist programme.
KHIEU LANIN
Head, Corporate Assurance
Cambodian
Chhun Puthkompheakvattey joined CIMB Bank PLC as Head of Compliance 
in August 2017. She is responsible for the overall management of the 
Compliance function of the Bank and reports to the Board of Directors 
of CIMB Bank PLC. As the Head of the Compliance Division, Vattey 
oversees and supervises Compliance-related activities within the Bank, 
and is the primary liaison for the National Bank of Cambodia and other 
regulators. 
Vattey started her career as an auditor in an international audit ﬁrm 
and she subsequently took on a compliance-related role in the ﬁnancial 
sector. Vattey possesses 13 years of working experience in the banking 
industry, specialising in compliance and operational risk management. 
Prior to joining CIMB Bank PLC, Vattey was Head of Operational Risk 
Management and Internal Control with a major Bank in Cambodia. 
Vattey holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Finance and Banking from 
Pannasastra University of Cambodia. In addition, Vattey has completed 
certiﬁcation course on Regulatory Compliance from the Institute of 
Banking and Finance (IBF) and the International Advanced Certiﬁcate 
in Anti Money Laundering and International Diploma in Anti Money 
Laundering from the International Compliance Association (ICA) which 
their headquarter is located in the United Kingdom.
CHHUN PUTHKOMPHEAKVATTEY
Head, Compliance
Cambodian
87
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT TEAM

---- Page 88 ----
Ly Sophea has been the Head of Legal & Company Secretarial since 
CIMB Bank PLC started operations in November 2010. Sophea is 
responsible for managing functions of Legal and Company Secretarial. 
She is the Joint Company Secretary to the Board of Directors and the 
Audit Committee of CIMB Bank PLC. She also acts as the Secretary to 
Management Committee and Cambodia Business Review Committee, 
and sits as a permanent invitee of other committees of the Bank such as 
Risk Committee and Cambodia Credit Committee. 
Prior to joining CIMB Bank PLC, Sophea was an Assistant to the Senior 
Vice President and Head of Legal and Corporate Aﬀairs at one major 
bank in Cambodia. She simultaneously studied and worked for six years 
in legal and corporate secretarial role in Legal and Corporate Aﬀairs 
Division at her previous workplace. 
Sophea graduated in 2004 from Royal University of Law and Economics 
(“RULES”) with a Bachelor of Law and in that same year, earned a Bachelor 
of Accounting from the Faculty of Business Administration of Institution 
of the Technology and Management (currently known as University 
of Puthisastra). In 2007, she further obtained her Master’s Degree in 
Private Law from RULES. Sophea was qualiﬁed for the certiﬁcate in 
AML/CFT from Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB), Malaysia, in 
2017. She was also qualiﬁed as a CEDR Accredited Mediator from the 
Centre for Eﬀective Dispute Resolution (CEDR) which is based in United 
Kingdom, in January 2022. In August 2022, Sophea attended the 1st 
Training and Examination and successfully be certiﬁed as the Approved 
Persons in the Trust Sector of 2022.  Furthermore, she was also certiﬁed 
as qualiﬁed person for commercial arbitrator of the National Commercial 
Arbitration Centre (NCAC) in February 2023.
Kien Vatana is Head, Risk Management of CIMB Bank PLC, to hold 
responsibility for overall risk management and work closely with other 
business units and Group Risk to embed a strong risk culture and 
control within the Bank. 
He was one of the pioneers in credit management team, joining 
the Bank in 2010 covering credit portfolio of all business units 
(Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking and Corporate Banking). He 
has a profound knowledge and experience in the credit management. 
He has equipped himself with strong customer and industry knowledge 
through regional attachment with Credit Management in Malaysia 
and Singapore reviewing all the credit proposals from Cambodia, 
Thailand and Malaysia. 
Kien Vatana has been appointed as the Chairman of Credit Committee 
and Asset Quality Committee based on his lengthy experience in credit 
management for over 18 years in banking industry. He provides direction 
and guidance from a lending point of view to maintain and attract 
creditworthy customers while maintaining quality books. He also 
oversees other risk matters, including but not limited to operational, 
market, liquidity and funding, outsourcing, fraud, and technology risk. 
He holds two Bachelor’s degrees in (i) Banking and Finance and 
(ii) Science Mathematics. He has also completed CIMB-Omega’s Core 
Credit Assessment Skills Programme and Accelerated Universal Bankers 
Programme, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.
KIEN VATANA
Head, Risk Management
Cambodian
LY SOPHEA
Head, Legal & Company Secretarial
Cambodian
88 BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT TEAM
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 89 ----


---- Page 90 ----
06

---- Page 91 ----
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
92 Directors’ Report
94 Independent Auditor’s Report
96 Statement of Financial Position
97 Statement of Proﬁt or Loss and
other Comprehensive Income
98 Statement of Changes in Equity
99 Statement of Cash Flows
100 Notes to the Financial Statements
142 Supplementary Financial Information Required by
the National Bank of Cambodia

---- Page 92 ----
92 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DIRECTORS’ REPORT
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The Board of Directors (the Directors) hereby submits their report 
together with the audited ﬁnancial statements of CIMB Bank PLC 
(the Bank) for the year ended 31 December 2023.
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
THE BANK
CONTINGENT AND OTHER LIABILITIES
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
The Bank was incorporated on 20 September 2010 and is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of CIMB Bank Berhad, a licensed bank incorporated 
in Malaysia. CIMB Group Holdings Berhad, a publicly listed company 
incorporated in Malaysia, is the ultimate holding company.
The Bank is principally engaged in all aspects of banking business and 
the provision of related ﬁnancial services in Cambodia.
The ﬁnancial performance of the Bank for the year is set out in the 
statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income on page 
97.
No dividends were declared or paid during the year ended 31 December 
2023.
STATUTORY CAPITAL
There were no changes in the shareholders of the Bank during the year.
BAD AND DOUBTFUL FINANCIAL FACILITIES
Before the ﬁnancial statements of the Bank were drawn up, the 
Directors took reasonable steps to ascertain that action had been 
taken in relation to the writing oﬀ of bad loans and advances or 
making of allowance for impairment losses, and satisﬁed themselves 
that all known bad loans and advances had been written oﬀ and that 
adequate loss allowance has been made for bad and doubtful loans 
and advances.
At the date of this report and based on the best of knowledge, the 
Directors are not aware of any circumstances which would render the 
amount written oﬀ for bad loans and advances or the amount of the 
allowance for impairment losses in the ﬁnancial statements of the Bank 
inadequate to any material extent.
ASSETS
Before the ﬁnancial statements of the Bank were drawn up, the 
Directors took reasonable steps to ensure that any assets which were 
unlikely to be realised in the ordinary course of business at their value 
as shown in the accounting records of the Bank have been written 
down to an amount that might be expected to be realised.
At the date of this report and to the best of their knowledge, the 
Directors are not aware of any circumstances which would render the 
values attributed to the assets in the ﬁnancial statements of the Bank 
misleading in any material respect.
At the date of this report, there is:
(a) no charge on the assets of the Bank which has arisen since the 
end of the ﬁnancial year which secures the liabilities of any other 
person, and
(b) no contingent liability in respect of the Bank that has arisen since 
the end of the ﬁnancial year other than in the ordinary course of 
banking business.
No contingent or other liability of the Bank has become enforceable, 
or is likely to become enforceable within a period of twelve months 
after the end of the ﬁnancial year which, in the opinion of the Directors, 
will or may have a material eﬀect on the ability of the Bank to meet 
its obligations as and when they become due.
CHANGE OF CIRCUMSTANCES
At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances, 
not otherwise dealt with in this report or the ﬁnancial statements of 
the Bank, which would render any amount stated in the ﬁnancial 
statements misleading in any material respect.
ITEMS OF AN UNUSUAL NATURE 
The results of the operations of the Bank for the ﬁnancial year were 
not, in the opinion of the Directors, materially aﬀected by any items, 
transactions or events of a material and unusual nature. There has not 
arisen in the interval between the end of the ﬁnancial year and the 
date of this report any items, transactions or events of a material and 
unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the Directors, to substantially 
aﬀect the results of the operations of the Bank for the year in which 
this report is made.

---- Page 93 ----
93
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The members of the Board of Directors of the Bank during the year 
and as at the date of this report are: 
The Directors are responsible for ascertaining that the ﬁnancial 
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position 
of the Bank as at 31 December 2023 and of its ﬁnancial performance 
and its cash ﬂows for the year then ended in accordance with the 
Cambodian International Financial Reporting Standards (CIFRS). 
Datuk Mohd Nasir Bin Ahmad Chairman / Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Long Beang Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Ms. Aisyah Lam Binti Abdullah Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ahmad Shazli Bin Kamarulzaman Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Cheong Weng Teong Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Bun Yin Non-Independent 
Executive Director /
Chief Executive Oﬃcer
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
THE DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF 
THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In preparing these ﬁnancial statements, the Directors are required to:
i) adopt appropriate accounting policies which are supported by 
reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates and then apply 
them consistently;
ii) comply with the disclosure requirements of CIFRS or, if there have 
been any departures in the interest of fair presentation, these 
have been appropriately disclosed, explained and quantiﬁed in 
the ﬁnancial statements;
iii) maintain adequate accounting records and an eﬀective system 
of internal controls;
iv) prepare the ﬁnancial statements on the going concern basis 
unless it is inappropriate to assume that the Bank will continue 
operations in the foreseeable future; and
v) eﬀectively control and direct the Bank in all material decisions 
aﬀecting its operations and performance and ascertain that such 
have been properly reﬂected in the ﬁnancial statements.
The Directors conﬁrm that the Bank has complied with the above 
requirements in preparing the ﬁnancial statements.
The accompanying ﬁnancial statements, together with the notes thereto, 
which present fairly, in all material respects, the ﬁnancial position of 
the Bank as at 31 December 2023 and the ﬁnancial performance and 
cash ﬂows of the Bank for the year then ended in accordance with the 
Cambodian International Financial Reporting Standards, were approved 
by the Board of Directors.
Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.
___________________________________________
Mr. Bun Yin 
Executive Director / Chief Executive Oﬃcer  
Phnom Penh, Kingdom of Cambodia 
28 March 2024


---- Page 94 ----
94 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the shareholder of CIMB Bank PLC
In our opinion, the ﬁnancial statements present fairly, in all material 
respects, the ﬁnancial position of CIMB Bank PLC (the Bank) as at 
31 December 2023, and its ﬁnancial performance and its cash ﬂows 
for the year then ended in accordance with Cambodian International 
Financial Reporting Standards (CIFRS).
What we have audited
The Bank’s ﬁnancial statements comprise:
• the statement of ﬁnancial position as at 31 December 2023;
• the statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income 
for the year then ended;
• the statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
• the statement of cash ﬂows for the year then ended; and
• the notes to the ﬁnancial statements, which include material accounting 
policy information and other explanatory information. 
OUR OPINION OTHER INFORMATION
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND 
THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE 
FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BASIS FOR OPINION 
We conducted our audit in accordance with Cambodian International 
Standards on Auditing (CISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards 
are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the 
ﬁnancial statements section of our report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suﬃcient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Independence
We are independent of the Bank in accordance with the International 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International 
Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards 
Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements of the 
Kampuchea Institute of Certiﬁed Public Accountants and Auditors’ Code 
of Ethics for Certiﬁed Public Accountants and Auditors (KICPAA Code) 
that are relevant to our audit of the ﬁnancial statements in Cambodia. 
We have fulﬁlled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
the IESBA Code and the ethical requirements of the KICPAA Code.
Management is responsible for the other information. The other 
information obtained at the date of this auditor’s report are the 
directors’ report and the supplementary ﬁnancial information required 
by the National Bank of Cambodia but do not include the ﬁnancial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the ﬁnancial statements does not cover the other 
information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion 
thereon.
In connection with our audit of the ﬁnancial statements, our responsibility 
is to read the other information identiﬁed above and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the ﬁnancial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information 
obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are 
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation 
of the ﬁnancial statements in accordance with CIFRS, and for such 
internal control as management determines is necessary to enable 
the preparation of ﬁnancial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the ﬁnancial statements, management is responsible for 
assessing the Bank’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Bank or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so. 
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the 
Bank’s ﬁnancial reporting process.

---- Page 95 ----
95
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT 
OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
ﬁnancial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
CISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to inﬂuence the economic decisions of users taken on the 
basis of these ﬁnancial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with CISAs, we exercise professional 
judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the ﬁnancial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit 
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may 
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control. 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit 
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on 
the eﬀectiveness of the Bank’s internal control. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by management. 
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going 
concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence 
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or conditions that may cast signiﬁcant doubt on the Bank’s ability 
to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the ﬁnancial statements or, 
if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Bank to cease to continue as a going concern. 
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
ﬁnancial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the 
ﬁnancial statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among 
other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and signiﬁcant 
audit ﬁndings, including any signiﬁcant deﬁciencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit. 
For PricewaterhouseCoopers (Cambodia) Ltd.
______________________________________
By Kuy Lim
Partner
Phnom Penh, Kingdom of Cambodia
28 March 2024
 


---- Page 96 ----
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
ASSETS
Cash on hand
Deposits and placements with the central bank
Deposits and placements with other banks
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Statutory deposits with the central bank
Right-of-use assets
Property and equipment
Intangible assets
Deferred tax assets
Other assets
TOTAL ASSETS
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
LIABILITIES
Deposits from banks
Deposits from customers
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities
Current income tax liabilities
Employee beneﬁts
Other liabilities
TOTAL LIABILITIES
EQUITY
Share capital
Share-based payment reserves
Retained earnings
Capital reserves
Regulatory reserves
Other reserves
TOTAL EQUITY
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$Notes KHR’000
220,566,686
497,770,414
261,416,046
4,197,105,346
322,475,935
30,187,285
27,178,585
7,462,375
8,532,091
21,686,734
5,594,381,497
925,945,709
3,490,085,258
89,499,027
195,168,822
32,669,470
22,273,575
14,467,381
57,861,943
4,827,971,185
308,775,000
2,371,483
291,910,537
104,983,500
54,365,446
4,004,346
766,410,312
5,594,381,497
53,574,614
120,906,100
63,496,732
1,019,457,213
78,327,893
7,332,350
6,601,551
1,812,576
2,072,405
5,267,606
1,358,849,040
224,907,872
847,725,348
21,738,894
47,405,592
7,935,261
5,410,147
3,514,059
14,054,395
1,172,691,568
75,000,000
576,022
71,876,338
25,500,000
13,205,112
-
186,157,472
1,358,849,040
 208,390,331 
 335,360,330 
1,050,977,873 
3,859,649,643 
 424,396,969 
 22,623,081 
 24,899,754 
 6,273,306 
 6,800,622 
 26,733,086 
5,966,104,995 
 772,475,154 
4,063,005,249 
 4,705,981 
 193,651,843 
 25,183,617 
 12,917,023 
 16,976,517 
 47,468,308 
5,136,383,692 
 306,375,000 
 3,755,140 
 273,508,806 
 171,570,000 
 72,696,121 
 1,816,236 
 829,721,303 
5,966,104,995 
 51,013,545 
 82,095,552 
 257,277,325 
 944,834,674 
 103,891,547 
 5,538,086 
 6,095,411 
 1,535,693 
 1,664,779 
 6,544,207 
1,460,490,819 
 189,100,405 
 994,615,728 
 1,152,015 
 47,405,592 
 6,164,900 
 3,162,062 
 4,155,818 
 11,620,149 
1,257,376,669 
 75,000,000 
 919,251 
 67,399,031 
 42,000,000 
 17,795,868 
 - 
 203,114,150 
1,460,490,819 
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
9
30
18
19
20
21
22
23
The accompanying notes on pages 100 to 141 form an integral part of these ﬁnancial statements.
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
96 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 97 ----
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
Interest income
Interest expense
Net interest income
Fee and commission income
Fee and commission expense
Net fee and commission income
Credit impairment losses
Other operating income
Other losses – net
Net other operating income
Expenses
Personnel expenses
Depreciation and amortisation charges
Other operating expenses
Proﬁt before income tax
Income tax expenses
Proﬁt for the year
Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss
Currency translation diﬀerences
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax
Total comprehensive income for the year
Proﬁt attributable to:
Owners of the Bank
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the Bank
292,522,607
(107,463,063)
185,059,544
34,062,807
(11,098,743)
22,964,064
(361,794)
8,113,328
(1,019,355)
6,732,179
(51,072,897)
(16,183,466)
(15,932,924)
(83,189,287)
131,566,500
(26,992,857)
104,573,643
2,917,400
2,917,400
107,491,043
104,573,643
107,491,043
71,573,919
(26,293,874)
45,280,045
8,334,428
(2,715,621)
5,618,807
(88,523)
1,985,155
(249,414)
1,647,218
(12,496,427)
(3,959,742)
(3,898,440)
(20,354,609)
32,191,461
(6,604,565)
25,586,896
-
-
25,586,896
25,586,896
25,586,896
336,116,725 
(177,227,281)
158,889,444 
28,458,347 
(9,343,189)
19,115,158 
(2,090,210)
10,155,083 
(334,686)
7,730,187 
(56,204,682)
(20,438,615)
(22,084,000)
(98,727,297)
87,007,492 
(18,726,216)
68,281,276 
(2,188,110)
(2,188,110)
66,093,166 
68,281,276 
66,093,166 
81,780,225 
(43,120,993)
38,659,232 
6,924,172 
(2,273,282)
4,650,890 
(508,567)
2,470,823 
(81,432)
1,880,824 
(13,675,105)
(4,972,899)
(5,373,236)
(24,021,240)
21,169,706 
(4,556,257)
16,613,449 
- 
- 
16,613,449 
16,613,449 
16,613,449 
24
24
24
25
25
25
26
27
28
29
30
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$Notes KHR’000
The accompanying notes on pages 100 to 141 form an integral part of these ﬁnancial statements.
97
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

---- Page 98 ----
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Balance at 
     1 January 2022
Proﬁt for the year
Other comprehensive     
     income
Total comprehensive 
     income for the year
Transactions with 
     owners in their 
     capacity as owners:
Share-based payments: 
     value of employee 
     services
Transfer to capital
     reserves (Note 22)
Transfer to regulatory 
     reserves (Note 23)
Currency translation 
     diﬀerences
Total transactions 
     with owners
Balance at 
     31 December 2022
Balance at 
     1 January 2023
Proﬁt for the year
Other comprehensive 
     income
Total comprehensive 
     income for the year
Transactions with 
     owners in their 
     capacity as owners:
Share-based payments: 
     value of employee 
     services
Transfer to capital 
     reserves (Note 22)
Transfer to regulatory 
     reserves (Note 23)
Currency translation 
     diﬀerences
Total transactions 
     with owners
Balance at 
     31 December 2023
652,715,376
104,573,643
2,917,400
107,491,043
1,453,775
-
-
4,750,118
6,203,893
766,410,312
766,410,312
68,281,276 
(2,188,110)
66,093,166 
1,410,671 
- 
- 
(4,192,846)
(2,782,175)
829,721,303 
160,214,869
25,586,896
-
25,586,896
355,707
-
-
-
355,707
186,157,472
186,157,472
16,613,449 
- 
16,613,449 
343,229 
- 
- 
- 
343,229 
203,114,150 
1,086,946
-
2,917,400
2,917,400
-
-
-
-
-
4,004,346
4,004,346
- 
(2,188,110)
(2,188,110)
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,816,236 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
36,452,799
-
-
-
-
-
17,400,174
512,473
17,912,647
54,365,446
54,365,446
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
18,868,007 
(537,332)
18,330,675 
72,696,121 
8,947,668
-
-
-
-
-
4,257,444
-
4,257,444
13,205,112
13,205,112
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4,590,756 
- 
4,590,756 
17,795,868 
71,295,000
-
-
-
-
32,696,000
-
992,500
33,688,500
104,983,500
104,983,500
- 
- 
- 
- 
67,815,000 
- 
(1,228,500)
66,586,500 
171,570,000 
17,500,000
-
-
-
-
8,000,000
-
-
8,000,000
25,500,000
25,500,000
- 
- 
- 
- 
16,500,000 
- 
- 
16,500,000 
42,000,000 
237,433,068
104,573,643
-
104,573,643
-
(32,696,000)
(17,400,174)
-
(50,096,174)
291,910,537
291,910,537
68,281,276 
- 
68,281,276 
- 
(67,815,000)
(18,868,007)
- 
(86,683,007)
273,508,806 
58,546,886
25,586,896
-
25,586,896
-
(8,000,000)
(4,257,444)
-
(12,257,444)
71,876,338
71,876,338
16,613,449 
- 
16,613,449 
- 
(16,500,000)
(4,590,756)
- 
(21,090,756)
67,399,031 
897,563
-
-
-
1,453,775
-
-
20,145
1,473,920
2,371,483
2,371,483
- 
- 
- 
1,410,671 
- 
- 
(27,014)
1,383,657 
3,755,140 
220,315
-
-
-
355,707
-
-
-
355,707
576,022
576,022
- 
- 
- 
343,229 
- 
- 
- 
343,229 
919,251 
305,550,000
-
-
-
-
-
-
3,225,000
3,225,000
308,775,000
308,775,000
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(2,400,000)
(2,400,000)
306,375,000 
75,000,000
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
75,000,000
75,000,000
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
75,000,000 
Total
US$ KHR’000
Other reservesRegulatory reserves
US$ KHR’000US$ KHR’000
Capital reserves
US$
Attributable to owners of the Bank
KHR’000
Retained earnings
US$ KHR’000
Share-based 
payment reserves
US$ KHR’000
Share capital
US$ KHR’000
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
The accompanying notes on pages 100 to 141 form an integral part of these ﬁnancial statements. 
98 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 99 ----
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Cash ﬂows from operating activities
Cash used in operations
Interest received
Interest paid
Income tax paid
Staﬀ pension fund paid
Seniority paid
Net cash (used in) / generated from operating activities
Cash ﬂows from investing activities
Negotiable certiﬁcate of deposits
Deposits and placements with other banks - maturity 
     more than three months
Purchases of property and equipment
Purchases of intangible assets
Proceeds from disposals of property and equipment
Net cash generated from investing activities
Cash ﬂows from ﬁnancing activities
Proceeds from borrowings
Repayments of borrowings
Principal elements of lease payments
Net cash used in ﬁnancing activities
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year
Currency translation diﬀerences
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$Notes KHR’000
(555,403,348)
292,477,278
(99,878,392)
(25,493,709)
(1,300,586)
(185,607)
(389,784,364)
106,221,130
18,391,500
(11,756,272)
(1,400,893)
124,891
111,580,356
104,697,210
(119,514,286)
(6,162,330)
(20,979,406)
(299,183,414)
1,214,314,605
10,620,666
925,751,857
(135,895,118)
71,562,828
(24,438,070)
(6,237,756)
(318,225)
(45,414)
(95,371,755)
25,990,000
4,500,000
(2,876,504)
(342,768)
30,558
27,301,286
25,617,130
(29,242,546)
(1,507,788)
(5,133,204)
(73,203,673)
298,064,459
-
224,860,786
562,423,964 
334,607,718 
(143,100,615)
(26,290,503)
(1,066,800)
(161,963)
726,411,801 
21,495,300 
- 
(5,873,901)
(2,813,098)
183,816 
12,992,117 
- 
(83,346,978)
(7,098,837)
(90,445,815)
648,958,103 
925,751,857 
(11,142,980)
1,563,566,980 
136,842,814 
81,413,070 
(34,817,668)
(6,396,716)
(259,562)
(39,407)
176,742,531 
5,230,000 
- 
(1,429,173)
(684,452)
44,724 
3,161,099 
- 
(20,279,070)
(1,727,211)
(22,006,281)
157,897,349 
224,860,786 
- 
382,758,135 
32
30
18
18
16
16
31
 Non-cash investing and ﬁnancing activities disclosure in notes are:
• unpaid portion of purchases of intangible assets in note 11,
• acquisition of right-of-use assets in note 9, and
The accompanying notes on pages 100 to 141 form an integral part of these ﬁnancial statements.
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
99
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

---- Page 100 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
The Bank was incorporated in Cambodia on 20 September 2010 under 
the Registration No. 00010524, granted by the Ministry of Commerce 
and commenced its operations on 19 November 2010. The Bank is 
a wholly owned subsidiary of CIMB Bank Berhad, a licensed bank 
incorporated in Malaysia. CIMB Group Holdings Berhad, a publicly listed 
company incorporated in Malaysia, is the ultimate holding company. 
The Bank is principally engaged in all aspects of banking business and 
the provision of related ﬁnancial services in Cambodia. The Bank holds 
a banking licence that was issued by the National Bank of Cambodia 
(NBC or the Central Bank) on 11 November 2010.
The registered oﬃce of the Bank is located at No. 60, Preah Monivong 
Blvd., Phum 10, Sangkat Voat Phnum, Khan Doun Penh, Phnom Penh, 
the Kingdom of Cambodia.
The ﬁnancial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of 
Directors on 28 March 2024.
1. BACKGROUND INFORMATION
This note provides a list of material accounting policies adopted in 
the preparation of the ﬁnancial statements. These policies have been 
consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
2.1 Basis of preparation
The ﬁnancial statements are prepared in accordance with Cambodian 
International Financial Reporting Standards (CIFRS). 
The ﬁnancial statements have been prepared under the historical cost 
convention. 
The Bank discloses the amount for each asset and liability that is expected 
to be recovered or settled no more than 12-month after the reporting 
period as current, and more than 12-month after the reporting period 
as non-current.
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with CIFRS 
requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires 
management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the 
accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement 
or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are signiﬁcant 
to the ﬁnancial statements are disclosed in Note 3.
An English version of the ﬁnancial statements have been prepared 
from the ﬁnancial statements that are in the Khmer language. In the 
event of a conﬂict or a diﬀerence in interpretation between the two 
languages, the Khmer language ﬁnancial statements shall prevail.
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.2 New standards and interpretation 
i) New and amended standards adopted by the Bank
The Bank has applied the following standards and amendments for the 
ﬁrst time for their annual reporting period commencing 1 January 2023:
• Deﬁnition of Accounting Estimates – amendments to CIAS 8,
• Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single 
Transaction – amendments to CIAS 12, and
• Disclosure of Accounting Policies – Amendments to CIAS 1 and CIFRS 
Practice Statement 2
The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts 
recognised in prior periods and are not expected to signiﬁcantly aﬀect 
the current and future periods.
ii) New standards and interpretations not yet adopted by the Bank
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been 
published that are not mandatory for 31 December 2023 reporting 
period and have not been early adopted by the Bank. These standards 
are not expected to have a material impact on the Bank in the current 
or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.
2.3 Foreign currency translation
i) Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the ﬁnancial statements of the Bank are measured 
using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the 
Bank operates (the functional currency). The functional currency is the 
United States dollars (US$) because of the signiﬁcant inﬂuence of the 
US$ on its operations. The ﬁnancial statements are presented in US$ 
which is the Bank’s functional and presentation currency. 
ii) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency 
using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of transactions. Foreign 
exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such 
transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of 
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than 
US$ are recognised in proﬁt or loss.
iii)  Presentation in Khmer Riel
In compliance with the Law on Accounting and Auditing, the ﬁnancial 
statements shall be expressed in Khmer Riel. The statement of proﬁt 
or loss and other comprehensive income and the statement of cash 
ﬂows are translated into KHR using the average exchange rates for 
the years. Assets and liabilities for each statement of ﬁnancial position 
presented and shareholders’ capital and reserves are translated at the 
closing rates as at the reporting date. Resulting exchange diﬀerences 
arising from the translation of shareholders' capital and reserves are 
recognised directly in equity; all other resulting exchange diﬀerences 
are recognised in the other comprehensive income.
100 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 101 ----
The Bank has used the oﬃcial rates of exchange published by the 
National Bank of Cambodia, and as at the reporting date, the yearly 
average rate was US$ 1 to KHR 4,110 (2022: US$ 1 to KHR 4,087) and 
the closing rate was US$ 1 to KHR 4,085 (2022: US$ 1 to KHR 4,117).
2.4 Cash and cash equivalents
For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash ﬂows, cash and 
cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, unrestricted deposits and 
placements with the central bank and other banks, and other short-term 
highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less 
where the Bank has full ability to withdraw for general purpose whenever 
needed and subject to an insigniﬁcant risk of changes in value. 
Deposits and placements with the central bank and other banks are 
carried at amortised cost in the statement of ﬁnancial position. Bank 
overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the 
statement of ﬁnancial position.
2.5 Financial assets
a) Classiﬁcation
The Bank classiﬁes its ﬁnancial assets as measured at amortised cost 
and they are cash on hand, deposits and placements with the central 
bank and other banks, loans and advances at amortised cost, and other 
ﬁnancial assets. 
The classiﬁcation depends on the Bank’s model for managing ﬁnancial 
assets and the contractual terms of the ﬁnancial assets cash ﬂows.
The Bank classiﬁes its ﬁnancial assets at amortised cost only if both of 
the following criteria are met:
• The asset is held within a business model with the objective of 
collecting the contractual cash ﬂows, and
• The contractual terms give rise on speciﬁed dates to cash ﬂows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal 
outstanding.
b) Recognition and derecognition
Financial assets are recognised when the Bank becomes a party to the 
contractual provision of the instruments. Regular way purchases and 
sales of ﬁnancial assets are recognised on trade date, being the date on 
which the Bank commits to purchase or sell the assets. 
Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash ﬂows 
from the ﬁnancial assets have expired or have been transferred and 
the Bank has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of 
ownership. A gain or loss on derecognition of a ﬁnancial asset measured 
at amortised cost is recognised in proﬁt or loss when the ﬁnancial asset 
is derecognised.
c) Measurement
At initial recognition, the Bank measures a ﬁnancial asset at its fair 
value plus, in the case of a ﬁnancial asset not at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to 
the acquisition of the ﬁnancial asset. Transaction costs of ﬁnancial 
assets carried at FVPL are expensed in proﬁt or loss. Immediately after 
initial recognition, an expected credit loss allowance (ECL) is recognised 
for ﬁnancial assets measured at amortised cost, which results in an 
accounting loss being recognised in proﬁt or loss when an asset is newly 
originated.
Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their 
entirety when determining whether their cash ﬂows are solely payment 
of principal and interest.
Debt instruments
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the 
Bank’s business model for managing the assets and the cash ﬂow 
characteristics of the assets. The Bank classiﬁes its debt instruments 
as ﬁnancial assets measured at amortised cost.
Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash 
ﬂows where those cash ﬂows are solely payments of principal and 
interest (SPPI), are measured at amortised cost. The carrying amount 
of these assets is adjusted by any expected credit loss allowance 
recognised. Interest income from these ﬁnancial assets is included 
in ﬁnance income using the eﬀective interest rate method.
For staﬀ housing loans at an interest rate below the market rate, such 
loans are initially recognised at the present value of the future cash 
payments discounted at a market rate of interest for a similar loan. 
Diﬀerences between the amount of cash paid and the present value 
of the future cash receipts are recognised as advanced employee 
beneﬁts in other assets.
d) Reclassiﬁcation of ﬁnancial assets
The Bank reclassiﬁes ﬁnancial assets when and only when their business 
model for managing those assets changes.
e) Impairment 
The Bank assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses 
(ECL) associated with its debt instrument assets carried at amortised 
cost and with the exposure arising from credit commitments (including 
undrawn overdrafts and revolving facilities) and ﬁnancial guarantee 
contracts. The Bank recognises a loss allowance for such losses at each 
reporting date. The measurement of ECL reﬂects:
• An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined 
by evaluating a range of possible outcomes;
• The time value of money; and
• Reasonable and supportable information that is available without 
undue cost or eﬀort at the reporting date about past events, current 
conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.
101
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 102 ----
The Bank applies a three-stage approach to measuring expected credit 
losses for the following categories:
• Debt instruments measured at amortised cost; and
• Credit commitments (including undrawn overdrafts and revolving 
facilities) and ﬁnancial guarantee contracts
The three-stage approach is based on the change in credit risk since 
initial recognition:
(a)  Stage 1: 12-months ECL
Stage 1 includes ﬁnancial assets which have not had a signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition or which have low 
credit risk at reporting date. 12-months ECL is recognised and 
interest income is calculated on the gross carrying amount of the 
ﬁnancial assets.
(b)  Stage 2: Lifetime ECL – not credit impaired
Stage 2 includes ﬁnancial assets which have had a signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition (unless they have 
low credit risk at the reporting date) but do not have objective 
evidence of impairment. Lifetime ECL is recognised and interest 
income is calculated on the gross carrying amount of the ﬁnancial 
assets.
(c)  Stage 3: Lifetime ECL – credit impaired
Stage 3 includes ﬁnancial assets that have objective evidence of 
impairment at the reporting date. Lifetime ECL is recognised and 
interest income is calculated on the net carrying amount of the 
ﬁnancial assets.
2.6 Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are recognised when the Bank becomes a party to 
the contractual provision of the instruments. Financial liabilities of the 
Bank include deposits from banks, deposits from customers, borrowings, 
subordinated debts, lease liabilities and other ﬁnancial liabilities.
Financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value less transaction 
costs for all ﬁnancial liabilities not carried at fair value through proﬁt 
or loss.
Financial liabilities that are not classiﬁed as fair value through proﬁt or 
loss are measured at amortised cost. The ﬁnancial liabilities measured 
at amortised cost are deposits from banks, deposits from customers, 
borrowings, subordinated debts, lease liabilities and other ﬁnancial 
liabilities.
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they have been redeemed 
or otherwise extinguished.
2.7 Credit commitments and ﬁnancial guarantee contracts
Credit commitments (including undrawn overdrafts and revolving 
facilities) provided by the Bank are measured at the amount of the loss 
allowance. The Bank has not provided any commitment to provide 
loans at a below-market interest rate, or that can be settled net in cash 
or by delivering or issuing another ﬁnancial instrument.  
For credit commitments (including undrawn overdraft and revolving 
facilities), the expected credit losses are recognised as provisions 
(presented within other liabilities). However, for contracts that include 
both a loan and an undrawn commitment and that the Bank cannot 
separately identify the expected credit losses on the undrawn commitment 
component from those on the loan component, the expected credit 
losses on the undrawn commitment are recognised together with the 
loss allowance for the loan. To the extent that the combined expected 
credit losses exceed the gross carrying amount of the loan, the expected 
credit losses are recognised as a provision.
Financial guarantee contracts are contracts that require the issuer 
to make speciﬁed payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it 
incurs because a speciﬁed debtor fails to make payments when due, 
in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. Such ﬁnancial 
guarantees are given to banks, ﬁnancial institutions and other bodies 
on behalf of customers to secure loans, overdrafts and other banking 
facilities.
Financial guarantees are initially recognised in the ﬁnancial statements 
at fair value on the date the guarantee was given. The guarantees are 
agreed on arm’s length terms and the value of the premium agreed 
corresponds to the value of the guarantee obligation. No receivable for 
the future premiums is recognised. Financial guarantee contracts are 
subsequently measured at the higher of the amount determined in 
accordance with the expected credit loss model under CIFRS 9 ‘Financial 
Instrumentsʼ and the amount initially recognised less cumulative 
amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of 
CIFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’, where appropriate. 
These estimates are determined based on experience of similar transactions 
and history of past losses, supplemented by the judgement of management. 
The fee income earned is recognised on a straight-line basis over the 
life of the guarantee.
Any increase in the liability relating to guarantees is reported in proﬁt 
or loss within operating expenses.
2.8 Oﬀsetting ﬁnancial instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are oﬀset and the net amount reported in 
the statement of ﬁnancial position when there is a legally enforceable 
right to oﬀset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle 
on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
2.9 Property and equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and impairment loss. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly 
attributable to the acquisition of the items. 
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or 
recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable 
that the future economic beneﬁts associated with the item will ﬂow 
to the Bank and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other 
repairs and maintenance are charged to proﬁt or loss in the ﬁnancial 
year in which they are incurred.
102 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 103 ----
Work-in-progress is not depreciated. Depreciation of property and 
equipment is charged to proﬁt or loss on a straight-line basis over 
the estimated useful lives of the individual assets at the following 
annual rates:
Depreciation rate
Leasehold improvements 20% or shorter of lease terms
Oﬃce equipment 10% – 20%
Computer equipment 20% – 33%
Motor vehicles 20%
Depreciation on work-in-progress commences when the assets are 
ready for their intended use. The assets’ useful lives are reviewed, and 
adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.
An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable 
amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated 
recoverable amount.
Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds 
with the carrying amount and are recognised in proﬁt or loss.
2.10 Intangible assets
Intangible assets, which comprise acquired computer software licences 
and related costs, are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and 
impairment loss. Acquired computer software licences are capitalised 
based on the cost incurred to acquire the speciﬁc software and bring it 
into use. These costs are amortised over three years using the 
straight-line method, except for the license of the core banking system 
which has a useful life of ten years.
Work-in-progress is not amortised. Costs associated with maintaining 
intangible assets are recognised as an expense when incurred.
2.11 Impairment of non-ﬁnancial assets 
Assets that have an indeﬁnite useful life are not subject to amortisation 
and are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to 
amortisation or depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever 
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount 
may not be recoverable. Impairment loss is recognised for the amount 
by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. 
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less 
costs of disposal and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing 
impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are 
separately identiﬁable cash inﬂows which are largely independent of the 
cash inﬂows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating 
units). Non-ﬁnancial assets other than goodwill that suﬀered an impairment 
are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each 
reporting period.
Any impairment loss is charged to proﬁt or loss in the period in which 
it arises. Reversal of impairment losses is recognised in proﬁt or loss 
to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the 
carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation 
or amortisation, had no impairment loss been recognised.
2.12 Leases
The Bank as a lessee
At the inception of the contract, the Bank assesses whether the contract 
is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identiﬁed asset for a period 
of time in exchange for consideration.
Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Bank 
allocates the consideration in the contract to the lease and non-lease 
components based on their relative stand-alone prices.
Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide 
range of diﬀerent terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not 
impose any covenants other than the security interests in the lease 
assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as 
security for borrowing purposes.
Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability 
at the date at which the leased asset is available for use.
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a 
present value basis. 
i) Lease liabilities 
Lease liabilities include the net present value of the lease payments 
from ﬁxed payments (including in-substance ﬁxed payments), less any 
lease incentives receivable.
Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options 
are also included in the measurement of the liability.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in 
the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally 
the case for leases in the Bank, the lessee’s incremental borrowing 
rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to 
pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to 
the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar 
terms, security and conditions.
To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Bank where possible, 
uses recent third-party ﬁnancing received by the individual lessee as 
a starting point, adjusted to reﬂect changes in ﬁnancing conditions  
since third party ﬁnancing was received.
Lease payments are allocated between principal and interest expense. 
The interest expense was charged to proﬁt or loss over the lease period 
so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining 
balance of the lease liability for each period.
ii) Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
• the amount the initial measurement of lease liability
• any lease payments made at or before the commencement date 
less any lease incentives received
• any initial direct cost, and
• restoration cost, if any
103
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 104 ----
Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the 
asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Bank 
is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use 
asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.
Subsequently the right-of-use asset is measured at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses and adjusted for 
any remeasurement of the lease liability.
iii) Recognition exemptions
Payments associated with all short-term leases are charged to proﬁt 
or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease. Short-term 
leases comprise space rental for ATMs. 
2.13 Income tax
The income tax expenses are the tax payable on the current’s period 
taxable income, based on the applicable income tax rate, adjusted by 
changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary 
diﬀerences and to unused tax losses.
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax law 
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date in the country 
where the Bank operates and generates taxable income.
Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liability method, providing for 
temporary diﬀerences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities 
and their carrying amounts in the ﬁnancial statements. Deferred tax 
is determined using tax rates based on laws that have been enacted 
or substantively enacted by the reporting date.
A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable 
that future taxable proﬁts will be available against which temporary 
diﬀerence can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each 
reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable 
that the related tax beneﬁt will be realised.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are oﬀset if there is a legally enforceable 
right to oﬀset current tax liabilities and assets and they relate to income 
taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity.
Current and deferred tax is recognised in proﬁt or loss, except to 
the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in 
other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
2.14 Provision
Provisions are recognised when the Bank has a present legal or 
constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is probable that 
an outﬂow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and 
the amount has been reliably estimated. 
When there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that 
an outﬂow will be required in settlement is determined by considering 
the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if 
the likelihood of an outﬂow with respect to any one item included in 
the same class of obligations may be small.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures 
expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate 
that reﬂects current market assessments of the time value of money 
and the risks speciﬁc to the obligation. The increase in the provision 
due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.
2.15 Borrowings
Borrowings are initially measured at fair value minus incremental direct 
transaction costs, and subsequently measured at amortised cost using 
eﬀective interest method.
2.16 Subordinated debts
Subordinated debts are initially measured at fair value minus incremental 
direct transaction costs, and subsequently measured at amortised cost 
using eﬀective interest method.
2.17 Employee beneﬁts
i) Short-term employee beneﬁts
Short-term employee beneﬁts are accrued in the year in which the 
associated services are rendered by the employees of the Bank.
ii) Pension fund scheme
The Bank pays monthly contributions for the compulsory pension scheme 
to National Social Security Fund (NSSF), a publicly administered social 
security scheme for pension in Cambodia. The Bank has no further 
payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The 
contributions are recognised as employee beneﬁt expenses when they 
are due. 
iii) Other employment beneﬁts - seniority payments
In June 2018, the Cambodian government amended the Labour Law 
introducing the seniority pay scheme. Subsequently on 21 September 
2018, Prakas No. 443 K.B/Br.K.Kh.L, was issued providing guidelines 
on the implementation of the law. In accordance with the law/Prakas, 
each entity is required to pay each employee with unspeciﬁed duration 
employment contract the following seniority scheme:
• Annual service - eﬀective January 2019, 15 days of their average 
monthly salary and beneﬁts each year payable every six months 
on 30 June and 31 December (7.5 days each payment).
• Past years of seniority service - employees are entitled to 15 days 
of their salary per year of service since the commencement of 
employment up to 31 December 2018 and still continue working 
with the Bank. The past seniority payment depends on each staﬀ’s 
past services and shall not exceed six months of average gross 
salaries. On 22 March 2019, the Ministry of Labour and Vocational 
Training issued guideline number 042/19 K.B/S.N.N.Kh.L, to delay the 
payment of the past years of seniority service which will be payable 
three days each in June and in December starting December 2021.
The annual service pay is considered as short-term employee beneﬁts. 
These are accrued in the year in which the associated services are 
rendered by the employees of the Bank.
104 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 105 ----
The past years of seniority service is classiﬁed as long-term employee 
beneﬁts, other than those payable within the next 12 months. Past 
seniority liability is recognised at the present value of deﬁned obligations 
at the reporting period using the projected unit credit method to better 
estimate the ultimate cost to the Bank that employees have earned in 
return for their service in the current and prior period. That obligation 
arises as employees render the services that the Bank expected to pay 
in the future reporting periods. The present value of the past seniority 
payment is determined by discounting the estimated future payments 
by references to the high-quality corporate bond of the currency that 
the liability is denominated.
iv) Other employment beneﬁts – staﬀ pension fund
The Bank established a staﬀ pension fund for the beneﬁt of all permanent 
employees. Both the employees and the employer contribute 5% each 
of the employee’s monthly salary. Staﬀ who have been working for three 
years or less will receive only their accumulated contributions upon 
resignation or retirement. Staﬀ who have been working for more than 
three years will receive both theirs and the Bank’s contribution upon 
resignation or retirement. 
The fund is maintained in separate bank accounts for each individual 
staﬀ but under the control of the Bank. The Bank provides interest on 
the fund for both contributions from the Bank and staﬀ at a 12-month 
ﬁxed deposit rate. The contribution expense (5% from the Bank) is 
recognised in proﬁt or loss on a monthly basis.
v) Share-based compensation beneﬁts
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad (CIMBGH) established a long-term incentive 
plan (LTIP) starting in June 2021, which comprises an employee share 
option scheme (ESOS) and a share grant plan (SGP).
The LTIP oﬀered to the qualiﬁed employees of the Bank are equity-settled 
plans. The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together 
with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the 
performance and/or service conditions are fulﬁlled, ending on the date 
on which the award is vested to relevant employees. The fair value of 
the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the shares 
and/or options is recognised as an expense in proﬁt or loss over the 
vesting period, based on the best available estimate of the number of 
shares and/or options expected to be vested at each of the vesting date. 
The total amount to be expensed over the vesting period is determined 
by reference to the fair value at grant date of the share and/or options 
granted. Non-market performance and service conditions are included 
in assumptions for the number of shares and/or options that are 
expected to be vested. At the end of each period, the Bank revises 
its estimates of the number of shares and/or options that are expected 
to be vested based on the service vesting conditions. Any impact of 
the revision to original estimates is recognised in the statement of 
proﬁt or loss corresponding to adjustment to equity. Where awards of 
share-based payment arrangements have graded vesting terms, each 
tranche is recognised as a separate award, and therefore the fair value 
of each tranche is recognised over the applicable vesting period.
The Bank estimates the fair value of options using a Black-Scholes 
model. This model requires inputs such as the strike price, the current 
stock price, the time to expiration, the risk-free rate, and the volatility 
of the option.
Where modiﬁcation of an equity-settled share-based compensation 
plan occurs, the grant date fair value continues to be recognised, 
together with any incremental value arising on the date of modiﬁcation 
if non-market conditions are met.
2.18 Regulatory reserves
Banks and ﬁnancial institutions are required to compute regulatory 
provisions, according to Prakas No. B7-017-344 dated 1 December 2017, 
Circular No. B7-018-001 dated 16 February 2018 and Circular No. 
B7-021-2314 dated 28 December 2021 (implemented from 1 January 
2022) on credit risk classiﬁcation and provisions on impairment. If 
the accumulated regulatory provision is higher than the accumulated 
impairment based on CIFRS 9, the ‘topping up’ will be recorded as 
regulatory reserves presented under equity. The reserve is subsequently 
reversed (up to zero) should the accumulated regulatory provision 
equal or be lower than accumulated impairment based on CIFRS 9. 
The regulatory reserve is set aside as a buﬀer, is non-distributable, and 
is not allowed to be included in the net worth calculation.
2.19 Interest income and expense
Interest income and expense from ﬁnancial instruments at amortised 
cost are recognised within interest income and interest expense 
respectively in proﬁt or loss using the eﬀective interest method.
The eﬀective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised 
cost of a ﬁnancial asset or a ﬁnancial liability and of allocating the 
interest income or interest expense over the relevant period. The eﬀective 
interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash 
payments or receipts throughout the expected life of the ﬁnancial 
instruments or, when appropriate, a shorter period to the gross carrying 
amount of the ﬁnancial asset or ﬁnancial liability. When calculating 
the eﬀective interest rate, the Bank takes into account all contractual 
terms of the ﬁnancial instrument and includes any fees or incremental 
costs that are directly attributable to the instrument and are an integral 
part of the eﬀective interest rate, but not future credit losses.
Interest income is calculated by applying eﬀective interest rate to the 
gross carrying amount of a ﬁnancial asset except for:
• Purchased or originated credit-impaired ﬁnancial assets (POCI), for 
which the original credit-adjusted eﬀective interest rate is applied to 
the amortised cost of the ﬁnancial assets.
• Financial assets that are not POCI but have subsequently become 
credit-impaired (or ‘stage 3’), for which interest revenue is calculated 
by applying the eﬀective interest rate to their amortised cost (i.e. net 
of the expected credit loss provision).
2.20 Fee and commission income 
Fees and commissions are recognised as income when all conditions 
precedent is fulﬁlled (performance obligations are satisﬁed and control 
is transferred over time or point in time).
Commitment fees for loans, advances and ﬁnancing that are likely to 
be drawn down are deferred (together with related direct costs) and 
income which forms an integral part of the eﬀective interest rate of 
a ﬁnancial instrument is recognised as an adjustment to the eﬀective 
interest rate on the ﬁnancial instrument.
105
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 106 ----
2.21 Rounding of amounts
All Khmer Riel amounts disclosed in the ﬁnancial statements and notes 
have been rounded oﬀ to the nearest thousand currency units unless 
otherwise stated.
The Bank makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. 
The resulting accounting estimates will, by deﬁnition, rarely equal 
the related actual results. To enhance the information content of the 
estimates, certain key variables that are anticipated to have material 
impact to the Bank’s results and ﬁnancial position are tested for sensitivity 
to changes in the underlying parameters. The estimates and assumptions 
that have a signiﬁcant risk of causing a material adjustment to the 
carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next ﬁnancial year 
are outlined below:
i) Expected credit loss allowance on ﬁnancial assets at amortised cost
The expected credit loss allowance for ﬁnancial assets measured at 
amortised cost requires the use of complex models and signiﬁcant 
assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour 
(e.g. the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses).
A number of signiﬁcant judgements are also required in applying the 
accounting requirements for measuring ECL, such as:
• grouping ﬁnancial assets sharing similar credit risk characteristics 
for the purposes of measuring ECL
• choosing appropriate models and assumptions to measure ECL
• determining criteria for identifying loans to customers that have 
experienced a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk (SICR)
• applying assumptions and analysis on expected future cash ﬂows 
and forward-looking information
• applying management overlay to capture recent development which 
the existing ECL model was not build for.
• applying a non-mechanistic approach to ECL by considering additional 
qualitative criteria for SICR on restructured loans which the existing 
ECL model was not built for.
ii) Other long-term employee beneﬁts - seniority payments
The present value of the seniority payment obligations depends on a 
number of factors that are determined on a basis using a number of 
assumptions. The assumptions used in determining the ultimate cost 
for seniority payment include the staﬀ turnover and discount rate. 
Any changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying amount of 
seniority payment obligations.
3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND 
JUDGEMENTS
4. CASH ON HAND
5. DEPOSITS AND PLACEMENTS WITH THE CENTRAL BANK 
iii) Lease terms
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and 
circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension 
option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or 
periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term 
if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).
Current
US Dollars
Khmer Riel
 
179,664,795 
 28,725,536 
 208,390,331 
 
43,981,590 
 7,031,955 
 51,013,545 
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
195,194,212
25,372,474
220,566,686
47,411,759
6,162,855
53,574,614
Current
Current accounts
Settlement
accounts
Negotiable 
certiﬁcate of 
deposits (i)
 
239,912,009 
 
63,567,616 
 31,880,705 
 335,360,330 
 
58,729,990 
 
15,561,228 
 
7,804,334 
 82,095,552 
379,385,568
2,573,759
115,811,087
497,770,414
92,150,976
625,154
28,129,970
120,906,100
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
Annual interest rates on deposits and placements with the central bank 
are as follows:
20222023
Current accounts 0%
Settlement accounts 0%
NCDs 0.07% - 3.23%
0%
0%
0.08% - 3.23%
(i) The Bank has pledged negotiable certiﬁcate of deposits (NCDs) 
amounting to US$7,804,334 (31 December 2022: US$7,796,190) 
with the central bank as collateral for settlement clearing facilities. 
None of the NCDs with the central bank (31 December 2022: 
US$5,329,798) is pledged as collateral for borrowings on 
Liquidity-Providing Collateralized Operations (LPCOs) (Note 16). 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank had yet utilised the overdraft 
on settlement clearing facilities.
106 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 107 ----
Current
Deposits and 
placements with 
local banks:
Fixed deposits
Current accounts
Savings accounts
Deposits and
placements with 
overseas banks:
Fixed deposits
Current accounts
Less: Allowance for 
expected credit loss 
121,664,919
5,512,217
8,188,852
135,365,988
880,217,875
36,113,162
916,331,037
(719,152)
1,050,977,873
29,783,334
1,349,380
2,004,615
33,137,329
215,475,612
8,840,431
224,316,043
(176,047)
257,277,325
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
74,420,020
4,070,313
9,026,037
87,516,370
155,687,295
18,267,178
173,954,473
(54,797)
261,416,046
18,076,274
988,660
2,192,382
21,257,316
37,815,714
4,437,012
42,252,726
(13,310)
63,496,732
Annual interest rates on deposits and placements with the central bank 
are as follows:
20222023
Current accounts 0.00% - 0.35%
Savings accounts 1.25%
Fixed deposits 1.30% - 6.25%
0.00% - 0.00%
1.25%
3.20% - 5.62%
Long-term loans
Mortgage loans 
Overdrafts
Trust receipts
Credit revolving loans
Short-term loans
Auto loans
Credit cards
Personal loans
Total gross loans
Less: Allowance for 
expected credit 
loss (a)
Total net loans
2023
US$ KHR’000
1,969,433,798 
 993,318,098 
 511,331,431 
 198,265,708 
 95,013,583 
 55,861,725 
 42,312,365 
 7,984,463 
 5,619,408 
3,879,140,579 
 
(19,490,936)
3,859,649,643 
 482,113,537 
 243,162,325 
 125,172,933 
 48,535,057 
 23,259,139 
 13,674,841 
 10,357,984 
 1,954,581 
 1,375,620 
 949,606,017 
 (4,771,343)
 944,834,674 
2022
US$ KHR’000
2,283,088,369
1,034,932,959
492,562,396
234,192,910
118,233,669
8,204,238
33,066,962
5,966,986
6,538,941
4,216,787,430
(19,682,084)
4,197,105,346
554,551,462
251,380,364
119,641,097
56,884,360
28,718,404
1,992,771
8,031,810
1,449,353
1,588,278
1,024,237,899
(4,780,686)
1,019,457,213
6. DEPOSITS AND PLACEMENTS WITH OTHER BANKS 
7. LOANS AND ADVANCES AT AMORTISED COST
a) Allowance for expected credit loss
Allowance for expected credit loss by stages are as follows:
12-month ECL 
(Stage 1)
Lifetime ECL - not 
credit impaired  
(Stage 2)
Lifetime ECL - 
credit impaired 
(Stage 3)
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
10,668,823 
 2,484,472 
 6,337,641 
 19,490,936 
 
2,611,707 
 
608,194 
 
1,551,442 
 4,771,343 
2022
US$ KHR’000
12,442,533
697,572
6,541,979
19,682,084
3,022,233
169,437
1,589,016
4,780,686
b) By industry
Mortgage
Wholesale and retail
Import and export
Manufacturing
Construction
Financial institutions
Other non-ﬁnancial 
services
Finance, insurance, 
real estate and 
business services
Transport, storage and 
communications
Electricity, gas  
and water
Agriculture
Others
Total gross loans
2023
US$ KHR’000
 993,590,632 
 750,846,836 
 558,354,781 
 307,535,009 
 235,149,026 
 216,755,553 
 157,875,826 
 
326,561,269 
 
106,481,522 
 40,488,061 
 9,235,348 
 176,266,716 
 
3,879,140,579 
 243,229,041 
 183,805,835 
 136,684,157 
 75,283,968 
 57,564,021 
 53,061,335 
 
38,647,693 
 
79,941,559 
 
26,066,468 
 9,911,398 
 2,260,795 
 43,149,747 
 949,606,017 
2022
US$ KHR’000
1,036,514,339
838,358,028
646,488,973
302,992,521
206,318,523
291,540,715
263,432,593
323,174,133
116,539,380
31,095,981
6,350,184
153,982,060
4,216,787,430
251,764,474
203,633,235
157,029,141
73,595,463
50,113,802
70,813,873
63,986,542
78,497,482
28,306,869
7,553,068
1,542,430
37,401,520
1,024,237,899
107
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 108 ----
Performing
Gross amount
Exposure at default
Allowance for
expected credit loss
Under-performing
Gross amount
Exposure at default
Allowance for 
expected credit loss
Non-performing
Gross amount
Exposure at default
Allowance for 
expected credit loss
Total
Gross amount
Exposure at default
Allowance for 
expected credit loss
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
3,753,456,179 
3,995,374,630 
 
10,668,823 
 59,989,250 
 91,056,660 
 2,484,472 
 65,695,150 
 66,813,713 
 6,337,641 
3,879,140,579 
4,153,245,003  
19,490,936 
 
918,838,722 
 978,059,885 
 
2,611,707 
 14,685,251 
 22,290,492 
 608,194 
 16,082,044 
 16,355,866 
 
1,551,442 
 949,606,017 
1,016,706,243 
 4,771,343 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 
4,040,109,302 
 4,298,117,794 
 12,442,533 
 144,986,252 
201,121,757 
 697,572 
 31,691,876 
 56,955,920 
 6,541,979 
 4,216,787,430 
4,556,195,471 
 
19,682,084 
 
981,323,610 
1,043,992,663 
 
3,022,233 
 35,216,481 
48,851,532 
 169,437 
 7,697,808 
 13,834,326 
 1,589,016 
1,024,237,899 
1,106,678,521 
 4,780,686 
c) Analysis by loan classiﬁcation
d) By maturity
Not later than 1 year
Later than 1 year 
and no later  
than 3 years
Later than 3 years 
and no later 
than 5 years
Later than 5 years
Total gross loans
2023
US$ KHR’000
935,058,497
399,707,789
735,908,130
1,808,466,163
3,879,140,579
228,900,489
97,847,684
180,148,869
442,708,975
949,606,017
2022
US$ KHR’000
881,825,796
508,300,288
830,743,299
1,995,918,047
4,216,787,430
214,191,352
123,463,757
201,783,653
484,799,137
1,024,237,899
e) By exposure
Non-large exposure 
Large exposure 
 
Total gross loans
2023
US$ KHR’000
 3,500,331,576 
 378,809,003 
 3,879,140,579 
 856,874,315 
 92,731,702 
 949,606,017 
2022
US$ KHR’000
3,794,661,185 
422,126,245 
 4,216,787,430 
921,705,413 
102,532,486
 
1,024,237,899 
f) By relationship
Related parties
Non-related parties
Total gross loans
2023
US$ KHR’000
 11,525,104 
 3,867,615,475 
 3,879,140,579 
 2,821,323 
 946,784,694 
 949,606,017 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 8,709,423 
 4,208,078,007 
 4,216,787,430 
 2,115,478 
1,022,122,421 
 
1,024,237,899 
g) By residency
Residents
Total gross loans
2023
US$ KHR’000
 3,879,140,579 
 3,879,140,579 
 949,606,017 
 949,606,017 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 4,216,787,430 
 4,216,787,430 
1,024,237,899 
 
1,024,237,899 
Large exposure is deﬁned by the central bank as overall credit exposure 
to any individual beneﬁciary which exceeds 10% of the Bank’s net worth.
20222023
Long-term loans 2.00% - 18.00%
Mortgage loans 3.50% - 12.00%
Overdrafts 6.75% - 11.00%
2.00% - 18.00%
3.50% - 12.00%
6.90% - 11.00%
Trust receipts  6.00% - 7.80% 
Credit revolving loans 6.00% - 8.00%
 6.30% - 7.80%
6.80% - 8.25%
Personal loans 8.00% - 24.00%
Auto loans 6.50% - 18.00%
Credit cards 18.00%
8.00% - 24.00%
6.50% - 15.00%
18.00%
Short-term loans 5.75% - 8.50%5.75% - 8.50%
h) By interest rate
108 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 109 ----
Current
Reserve requirement (i)
Non-current
Capital guarantee deposit (ii)
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
393,759,469 
 30,637,500 
 424,396,969 
 
96,391,547 
 7,500,000 
 103,891,547 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 
291,598,435 
 30,877,500 
 322,475,935 
 
70,827,893 
 7,500,000 
 78,327,893 
(i) Reserve requirement
The reserve requirement represents the minimum reserve which is 
calculated at 7% (2022: 7%) of customers’ deposits and borrowings in 
Khmer Riel and other currencies. The reserve requirement on customers’ 
deposits and borrowings bear no interest.
(ii) Capital guarantee deposit
Pursuant to Prakas No. B7-01-136 on bank capital guarantees, dated 
15 October 2001, issued by the central bank, the Bank is required to 
maintain 10% of its registered capital as a statutory deposit with the 
central bank. The deposit, which is not available for use in the Bank’s 
day-to-day operations, is refundable should the Bank voluntarily cease 
its operations in Cambodia.
Annual interest rates of statutory deposits with the central bank are 
as follows: 
20222023
Capital guarantee deposit 0.08% - 0.65%
Reserve requirement 0%
1.19% - 1.33%
0%
This note provides information for leases where the Bank is a lessee. 
The Bank leases various buildings for its head oﬃce and branch 
operation. Rental contracts are typically made for ﬁxed periods of two 
years to ten years. The lease has varying terms, escalation clauses and 
renewal rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are renegotiated.
8. STATUTORY DEPOSITS WITH THE CENTRAL BANK
9. LEASES
a) Amounts recognised in the statement of ﬁnancial position
Right-of-use assets
(Non-current)
Buildings
Lease liabilities
Current
Non-current
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
22,623,081 
22,623,081 
 6,328,633 
 18,854,984 
 25,183,617 
 
5,538,086 
5,538,086 
 
1,549,237 
 4,615,663
 6,164,900 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 
30,187,285 
30,187,285 
 7,383,140 
 25,286,330 
32,669,470 
 
7,332,350 
 7,332,350 
 1,793,330 
 6,141,931 
7,935,261 
Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year were US$59,039 
(2022: US$2,455,267).
b) Amounts recognised in the statement of proﬁt or loss
Depreciation charge of 
right-of-use assets
Buildings
Depreciation charge (Note 28)
Interest expense on 
lease liabilities
Buildings
Interest expense (Note 24)
Expense relating to short-term 
leases (included in other 
operating expenses) (Note 29)
Total expenses related to leases
 
7,201,147 
 7,201,147 
 
1,185,916 
 1,185,916 
 626,676 
 9,013,739 
 
1,752,104 
 1,752,104 
 
288,544 
 288,544 
 
152,476 
 2,193,124 
6,702,337
6,702,337
1,189,889
1,189,889
624,158
8,516,384
1,639,916
1,639,916
291,140
291,140
152,718
2,083,774
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
Total cash outﬂow for leases for 2023 was US$2,168,231 (2022: 
US$1,951,646).
109
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 110 ----
As at 1 January 2022
Cost 
Accumulated depreciation 
Net book value
In KHR’000 equivalent
For the year ended 31 December 2022
Opening net book value
Additions
Transfers
Reclassiﬁcations
Depreciation charge
Closing net book value
As at 31 December 2022
Cost
Accumulated depreciation
Net book value
In KHR’000 equivalent
As at 1 January 2023
Cost 
Accumulated depreciation 
Net book value
In KHR’000 equivalent
For the year ended 31 December 2023
Opening net book value
Additions
Transfers
Reclassiﬁcations
Depreciation charge
Closing net book value
As at 31 December 2023
Cost
Accumulated depreciation
Net book value
In KHR’000 equivalent
Total
Work in 
progress
Motor 
vehicles
Computer 
equipment
Oﬃce 
equipment
Leasehold
improvements Non-current
US$
16,896,234
(11,608,272)
5,287,962
21,543,157
5,287,962
3,028,540
-
(94,639)
(1,620,312)
6,601,551
17,788,917
(11,187,366)
6,601,551
27,178,585
17,788,917
(11,187,366)
6,601,551
27,178,585
6,601,551
1,644,142
-
23,427
(2,173,709)
6,095,411
17,631,271
(11,535,860)
6,095,411
24,899,754
US$
2,404,634
-
2,404,634
9,796,479
2,404,634
2,737,533
(3,398,216)
(94,639)
-
1,649,312
1,649,312
-
1,649,312
6,790,218
1,649,312
-
1,649,312
6,790,218
1,649,312
952,103
(1,394,947)
23,427
-
1,229,895
1,229,895
-
1,229,895
5,024,121
US$
1,267,129
(944,692)
322,437
1,313,608
322,437
-
-
-
(130,392)
192,045
1,238,394
(1,046,349)
192,045
790,649
1,238,394
(1,046,349)
192,045
790,649
192,045
144,200
-
-
(113,261)
222,984
1,202,284
(979,300)
222,984
910,890
US$US$US$
3,879,826
(3,218,355)
661,471
2,694,833
661,471
1,377
1,004,391
(3,950)
(535,602)
1,127,687
4,091,276
(2,963,589)
1,127,687
4,642,687
4,091,276
(2,963,589)
1,127,687
4,642,687
1,127,687
443,249
159,124
1,056
(902,151)
828,965
4,638,788
(3,809,823)
828,965
3,386,322
1,735,608
(1,358,417)
377,191
1,536,676
377,191
43,329
439,588
3,950
(209,730)
654,328
2,061,891
(1,407,563)
654,328
2,693,868
2,061,891
(1,407,563)
654,328
2,693,868
654,328
104,590
30,559
(1,056)
(234,913)
553,508
2,075,483
(1,521,975)
553,508
2,261,080
7,609,037
(6,086,808)
1,522,229
6,201,561
1,522,229
246,301
1,954,237
-
(744,588)
2,978,179
8,748,044
(5,769,865)
2,978,179
12,261,163
8,748,044
(5,769,865)
2,978,179
12,261,163
2,978,179
-
1,205,264
-
(923,384)
3,260,059
8,484,821
(5,224,762)
3,260,059
13,317,341
10. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
110 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 111 ----
As at 1 January 2022
Cost
Accumulated amortisation
Net book value 
In KHR’000 equivalent
For the year ended 31 December 2022
Opening net book value
Additions
Transfers
Reclassiﬁcations
Amortisation charge
Closing net book value 
As at 31 December 2022
Cost
Accumulated amortisation
Net book value
In KHR’000 equivalent
As at 1 January 2023
Cost
Accumulated amortisation
Net book value 
In KHR’000 equivalent
For the year ended 31 December 2023
Opening net book value
Additions
Transfers
Reclassiﬁcations
Amortisation charge
Closing net book value 
As at 31 December 2023
Cost
Accumulated amortisation
Net book value
In KHR’000 equivalent
Total
Work in 
progress
Computer 
softwareNon-current
US$
 5,767,647 
 (3,764,735)
 2,002,912 
 8,159,863 
 2,002,912 
 414,539 
 - 
 94,639 
 (699,514)
 1,812,576 
 6,275,069 
 (4,462,493)
 1,812,576 
 7,462,375 
 6,275,069 
 (4,462,493)
 1,812,576 
 7,462,375 
 1,812,576 
 793,630 
 - 
 (23,427)
 (1,047,086)
 1,535,693 
 6,982,842 
 (5,447,149)
 1,535,693 
 6,273,306 
US$
 1,435,096 
 - 
 1,435,096 
 5,846,581 
 1,435,096 
 295,862 
 (1,702,430)
 94,639 
 - 
 123,167 
 123,167 
 - 
 123,167 
 507,079 
 123,167 
 - 
 123,167 
 507,079 
 123,167 
 793,630 
 (531,178)
 (23,427)
 - 
 362,192 
 362,192 
 - 
 362,192 
 1,479,554 
US$
 4,332,551 
 (3,764,735)
 567,816 
 2,313,282 
 567,816 
 118,677 
 1,702,430 
 -   
 (699,514)
 1,689,409 
 6,151,902 
 (4,462,493)
 1,689,409 
 6,955,296 
 6,151,902 
 (4,462,493)
 1,689,409 
 6,955,296 
 1,689,409 
 -   
 531,178 
 -   
 (1,047,086)
 1,173,501 
 6,620,650 
 (5,447,149)
 1,173,501 
 4,793,752 
11. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
111
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 112 ----
12. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
Non-current
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets - net 
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
 15,185,970 
 (6,653,879)
 8,532,091 
 3,688,601 
 (1,616,196)
 2,072,405 
 15,021,199 
 (8,220,577)
 6,800,622 
 3,677,160 
 (2,012,381)
 1,664,779 
At 1 January
(Charged)/credited to proﬁt or loss  (Note 30 (b))
Currency translation diﬀerences
As at 31 December
KHR’000
 10,097,759 
 (1,660,062)
 94,394 
 8,532,091 
 2,478,586 
 (406,181)
 - 
 2,072,405 
 8,532,091 
 (1,675,343)
 (56,126)
 6,800,622 
 2,072,405 
 (407,626)
 - 
 1,664,779 
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
The movement of net deferred tax assets during the year are as follows:
2022
At 1 January 2022
Credited/(charged)
to proﬁt or loss
As at 31 December 2022
In KHR’000 equivalent
2023
At 1 January 2023
Credited/(charged) 
to proﬁt or loss
As at 31 December 2023
In KHR’000 equivalent
Total
Accelerated 
depreciation and   
amortisation
Unrealised 
foreign exchange
gain - net
Share-based 
payments
Pension 
fund
Seniority 
payments
US$
3,844,936
(156,335)
3,688,601
15,185,970
3,688,601 
(11,441)
3,677,160 
15,021,199 
-
-
-
-
- 
18,274 
18,274 
74,649 
47,713
(2,354)
45,359
186,743
45,359 
- 
45,359 
185,292 
700,520
108,873
809,393
3,332,270
809,393 
280,470 
1,089,863 
4,452,092 
44,063
71,141
115,204
474,295
115,204 
68,646 
183,850 
751,027 
285,688
58,787
344,475
1,418,204
344,475 
86,504 
430,979 
1,760,549 
22,945
(9,083)
13,862
57,070
13,862 
(7,881)
5,981 
24,432 
1,397,556
189,496
1,587,052
6,533,893
1,587,052 
(354,072)
1,232,980 
5,036,723 
721,053
52,203
773,256
3,183,495
773,256 
(103,382)
669,874 
2,736,435 
625,398
(625,398)
-
-
- 
- 
- 
- 
US$
Other 
accruals
US$US$US$US$US$
Lease 
liabilities
US$
Unamortised 
loan fees
US$
Impairment 
loss
US$
(i) Movement for deferred tax assets
112 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 113 ----
Current
Fixed deposits
Current accounts
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
 921,669,179 
 4,276,530 
 925,945,709 
 
223,869,123 
 1,038,749 
 224,907,872 
 
746,964,407 
 25,510,747 
 772,475,154 
 
182,855,424 
 6,244,981 
 189,100,405 
2022
At 1 January 2022
(Charged) / credited to proﬁt or loss
As at 31 December 2022
In KHR’000 equivalent
2023
At 1 January 2023
(Charged) / credited to proﬁt or loss
As at 31 December 2023
In KHR’000 equivalent
TotalUnrealised foreign exchange gain - netRight-of-use assetsImpairment loss
US$
(1,366,350)
(249,846)
(1,616,196)
(6,653,879)
 (1,616,196)
 (396,185)
 (2,012,381)
 (8,220,577)
US$
(62,951)
55,994
(6,957)
(28,642)
 (6,957)
 6,957 
 - 
 - 
US$
(1,303,399)
(163,071)
(1,466,470)
(6,037,457)
 (1,466,470)
 358,853 
 (1,107,617)
 (4,524,616)
US$
-
(142,769)
(142,769)
(587,780)
 (142,769)
 (761,995)
 (904,764)
 (3,695,961)
(ii) Movement of deferred tax liabilities
13. OTHER ASSETS
Advanced employee beneﬁts
Prepayments
Deposits
Outstanding inward transactions
Amounts due from immediate parent
Amounts due from related parties
Others
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
 15,003,151 
 2,777,110 
 3,485,172 
 203,499 
 77,692 
 13,837 
 126,273 
 21,686,734 
 3,644,195 
 674,547 
 846,532 
 49,429 
 18,871 
 3,361 
 30,671 
 5,267,606 
 14,866,880 
 5,392,564 
 3,711,129 
 1,751,129 
 441,278 
 14,502 
 555,604 
 26,733,086 
 3,639,383 
 1,320,089 
 908,477 
 428,673 
 108,024 
 3,550 
 136,011 
 6,544,207 
Current
Non-current
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
 4,139,141 
 17,547,593 
 21,686,734 
 1,005,378 
 4,262,228 
 5,267,606 
 8,382,563 
 18,350,523 
 26,733,086 
 2,052,035 
 4,492,172 
 6,544,207 
14. DEPOSITS FROM BANKS
113
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 114 ----
b) By residency
Cambodia
Overseas
 3,815,469,674 
 247,535,575 
 4,063,005,249 
 934,019,504 
 60,596,224 
 994,615,728 
 3,257,347,810 
 232,737,448 
 3,490,085,258 
 791,194,513 
 56,530,835 
 847,725,348 
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
(i) The Bank entered into a borrowing agreement with Small and 
Medium Enterprise Bank of Cambodia Plc. (SME Bank) on 31 March 
2020. The borrowing bears interest rate ranging from 2.00% to 
3.00% per annum (2022: 2.00% to 3.00% per annum) and it is 
payable for a period of seven years with a monthly repayment 
for both interest and principal. 
(ii) The Bank, previously in 2022, obtained borrowings under a form 
of liquidity-providing collateralised operations (LPCOs) from the 
National Bank of Cambodia with a maturity of less than 12 months. 
The Bank used negotiable certiﬁcates of deposits as the collaterals 
(Note 5). There is no outstanding LPCOs as of 31 December 2023.
(iii) The Bank entered into a borrowing agreement with KGI Bank Co., 
Ltd. on 08 November 2022. The borrowing bears a ﬂoating interest 
rate that varies every six months which consists of a margin rate 
plus six-month interest rate from Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (SOFR) plus a portion of the cost of funds. The borrowing is 
payable for a period of 3 years with interest repayable every six 
months and principal repayable every six months starting from 
the 24th month of the ﬁrst utilisation. During the year, the Bank 
paid oﬀ the borrowings.
Current
Small and medium loans (i)
Liquidity-providing 
collateralized operation (ii)
Long-term debt (iii)
Non-current
Small and medium loans (i)
Long-term debt (iii)
Total borrowings
2023
US$ KHR’000
1,503,276
-
-
1,503,276
3,202,705
-
3,202,705
4,705,981
367,999
-
-
367,999
784,016
-
784,016
1,152,015
2022
US$ KHR’000
1,699,876
20,659,053
642,252
23,001,181
4,742,846
61,755,000
66,497,846
89,499,027
412,892
5,017,987
156,000
5,586,879
1,152,015
15,000,000
16,152,015
21,738,894
16. BORROWINGS
c) By relationship
Related parties
Non-related parties
 8,019,566 
4,054,985,683 
 
4,063,005,249 
 1,963,174 
 992,652,554 
 994,615,728 
 6,087,602 
 3,483,997,656 
 3,490,085,258 
 1,478,650 
 846,246,698 
 847,725,348 
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
a) By interest rate
20222023
Fixed deposits  1.10% - 6.75% 
Current accounts  0.00% - 1.20% 
 1.00% - 7.85% 
 0.00% - 1.00% 
b) By residency
Cambodia
Overseas
 772,434,835 
 40,319 
 772,475,154 
 189,090,535 
 9,870 
 189,100,405 
 819,525,495 
 106,420,214 
 925,945,709 
 199,058,901 
 25,848,971 
 224,907,872 
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
Related parties
Non-related parties
2023
US$ KHR’000
 40,319 
 772,434,835 
 772,475,154 
 9,870 
 189,090,535 
 189,100,405 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 106,420,214 
 819,525,495 
 925,945,709 
 25,848,971 
 199,058,901 
 224,907,872 
c) By relationship
Current
Fixed deposits
Current accounts
Savings accounts
 
2,446,563,322 
1,484,975,078 
 131,466,849
 
4,063,005,249 
 
598,913,910 
 363,518,991 
 32,182,827 
 994,615,728 
 
1,845,595,730 
 1,487,991,077 
 156,498,451 
 3,490,085,258 
 
448,286,551 
 361,426,057 
 38,012,740 
 847,725,348 
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
15. DEPOSITS FROM CUSTOMERS
a) By interest rate
Fixed deposits 
20222023
1.00% - 7.10%
Current accounts 0.00% - 4.00%
1.00% - 8.00%
Fixed deposits 0.00% - 1.68%0.00% - 3.00%
0.00% - 5.00%
Principal amount
Interest payables
 4,705,981 
 - 
 4,705,981 
 1,152,015 
 - 
 1,152,015 
 88,197,713 
 1,301,314 
 89,499,027 
 21,422,811 
 316,083 
 21,738,894 
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
114 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 115 ----
The Bank has entered into four subordinated debt agreements with 
CIMB Bank Berhad, the shareholder. Each subordinated debt has a 
maturity of ten years. Those subordinated debts will be payable at the 
maturity date and bear interest rates ranging from 2.74% - 4.50% per 
annum (2022: 2.74% - 4.50% per annum). The interest will be paid every 
six months. The subordinated debts were approved by the National 
Bank of Cambodia for the purpose of Tier 2 capital computation.
Liquidity-providing 
collateralised operation
20222023
4.50% - 6.15%
Small and medium loans 2.00% - 3.00% 
5.50% - 6.30%
Long-term debt 7.80%7.80%
2.00% - 3.00% 
Changes in liabilities arising from ﬁnancing activities – borrowings
Principal amount
At 1 January
Additions
Repayments
Foreign currency 
exchanges
Currency translation 
diﬀerences
As at 31 December
Interest payables
At 1 January
Charges during the year
Interest payments
Foreign currency 
exchanges
Currency translation 
diﬀerences
As at 31 December
 88,197,713 
 - 
 (83,346,978)
 34,006 
 (178,760)
 4,705,981 
 1,301,314 
 4,835,053 
 (6,135,276)
 1,122 
 (2,213)
 - 
 
21,422,811 
 - 
 (20,279,070)
 8,274 
 - 
 1,152,015 
 316,083 
 1,176,412 
 (1,492,768)
 273 
 - 
 - 
 
102,503,474 
 104,697,210 
 (119,514,286)
 (458,455)
 
969,770 
 88,197,713 
 3,997,083 
 2,871,175 
 (5,571,623)
 (17,558)
 22,237 
 1,301,314 
 
25,160,401 
 25,617,130 
 (29,242,546)
 (112,174)
 - 
 21,422,811 
 981,120 
 702,514 
 (1,363,255)
 (4,296)
 - 
 316,083 
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
Annual interest rate for borrowings are as follows:
Immediate parent 
(Note 34 (e))
Principal amount – 
non-current
Interest payables – 
current
Total subordinated debts 
 
191,995,000 
 1,656,843 
 193,651,843 
 47,000,000 
 405,592 
 47,405,592 
 
193,499,000 
 1,669,822 
 195,168,822 
 
47,000,000 
 405,592 
 47,405,592 
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
17. SUBORDINATED DEBTS
Non-current
Staﬀ pension fund (i)
Seniority payments (ii)
Current
Seniority payments (ii)
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
16,854,359 
 54,375 
 16,908,734 
 67,783 
 67,783 
 16,976,517 
 
4,125,914 
 13,311 
 4,139,225 
 16,593 
 16,593 
 4,155,818 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 
14,182,028 
84,892 
14,266,920
200,461
200,461
 14,467,381 
 3,444,748 
20,620 
3,465,368
48,691
48,691
 3,514,059 
Changes in liabilities arising from ﬁnancing activities – subordinated debts
Principal amount
At 1 January
Additions
Repayments
Currency translation 
diﬀerences
As at 31 December
Interest payables
At 1 January
Charges during the year
Withholding tax on 
interest expense
Interest payment
Currency translation 
diﬀerences
As at 31 December
 
191,478,000 
 - 
 - 
 
517,000 
 191,995,000 
 1,669,822 
 8,410,959 
 (964,461)
 (7,446,498)
 (12,979)
 1,656,843 
 
47,000,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 47,000,000 
 405,592 
 2,046,462 
 (234,662)
 (1,811,800)
 - 
 405,592 
191,478,000
-
-
2,021,000
193,499,000
1,652,382
 8,363,890 
 (959,064)
 (7,404,827)
17,441
1,669,822
47,000,000
-
-
-
47,000,000
405,592
 2,046,462 
 (234,662)
 (1,811,800)
-
405,592
2023
US$ KHR’000
2022
US$ KHR’000
18. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
At the beginning of the year
Additions during the year:
   - Employees’ contribution
   - Bank’s contribution
   - Interest
Staﬀ pension fund paid
Adjustment
Currency translation diﬀerences
At the end of the year
2023
US$ KHR’000
 14,182,028 
 1,712,916 
 1,777,653 
 618,210 
 (1,066,800)
 (242,387)
 (127,261)
 16,854,359 
 3,444,748 
 416,768 
 432,519 
 150,416 
 (259,562)
 (58,975)
 - 
 4,125,914 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 11,638,929 
 
 1,530,835 
 1,592,140 
 513,801 
 (1,300,586)
 66,426 
 140,483 
 14,182,028 
 2,856,880 
 374,562 
 389,562 
 125,716 
 (318,225)
 16,253 
 - 
 3,444,748 
(i) Staﬀ pension fund
115
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 116 ----
Banker’s cheque and other 
collection accounts
Accrued bonus payable
Outstanding outward 
transactions
Amount due to suppliers
Accrued tax payable
Accrued annual leave
Impairment loss for ECL on 
credit commitments and 
ﬁnancial guarantee contracts
Others
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
20,341,576 
 8,239,445 
 
8,164,326 
 5,235,593 
 1,263,633 
 926,453 
 278,671 
 3,018,611 
 47,468,308 
 
4,979,578 
 2,017,000 
 
1,998,611 
 1,281,663 
 309,335 
 226,794 
 
68,218 
 738,950 
 11,620,149 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 
30,145,287 
 9,386,760 
 
7,394,531 
 5,841,920 
 1,379,141 
 933,711 
 415,035 
 2,365,558 
 57,861,943 
 
7,322,149 
 2,280,000 
 1,796,097 
 1,418,975 
 334,987 
 226,794 
 100,810 
 574,583 
 14,054,395 
19. OTHER LIABILITIES
At the beginning of the year
Seniority paid
Currency translation diﬀerenc-
es
2023
US$ KHR’000
 285,353 
 (161,963)
 (1,232)
 122,158 
 69,311 
 (39,407)
 - 
 29,904 
2022
US$ KHR’000
467,390
(185,607)
3,570
285,353
114,725
(45,414)
-
69,311
(ii) Seniority payments
Current
Non-current
Total other liabilities
2023
US$ KHR’000
 46,541,855 
 926,453 
 47,468,308 
 11,393,355 
 226,794 
 11,620,149 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 56,928,233 
 933,710 
 57,861,943 
 13,827,601 
 226,794 
 14,054,395 
20. SHARE CAPITAL
21. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION RESERVES
Issued and fully paid:
At the beginning of the year
Currency translation diﬀerences
At the end of the year
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
308,775,000 
 (2,400,000)
 306,375,000 
 
75,000,000 
 - 
 75,000,000 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 
305,550,000 
 3,225,000 
 308,775,000 
 75,000,000 
 - 
 75,000,000 
Share Grant Plan (SGP) 
Scheme (i)
Employee Share Option 
Scheme (ESOS) (ii)
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
1,866,249 
 
1,888,891 
 3,755,140 
 
456,854 
 
462,397 
 919,251 
2022
US$ KHR’000
1,182,514
1,188,969
2,371,483
287,227
288,795
576,022
The registered capital of the Bank as at 31 December 2023 is 75 million 
shares (31 December 2022: 75 million shares) at a par value of US$1 
per share. All authorised shares are fully paid.
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad (CIMBGH) established a long-term incentive 
plan (LTIP) starting in June 2021, which comprises an employee share 
option scheme (ESOS) and a share grant plan (SGP). 
The share-based compensation reserves for the two schemes are as 
follows:
Loss allowance for ECL on credit commitment and ﬁnancial guarantee 
contracts
At the beginning of the year
(Credited)/charged to 
proﬁt or loss
Currency translation diﬀerences
At the end of the year
2023
US$ KHR’000
 415,035 
 (133,953)
 (2,411)
 278,671 
 100,810 
 
(32,592)
 - 
 68,218 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 504,447 
 (94,046)
 4,634 
 415,035 
 123,821 
 (23,011)
 - 
 100,810 
i) Share Grant Plan (SGP) Scheme
The SGP was introduced in June 2021 by CIMB Group Holdings Berhad 
where CIMB Group awarded ordinary shares of CIMB Group to eligible 
employees of the Bank. Under the SGP Scheme, the vesting of the granted 
SGP is conditional primarily upon the long-term return on equity targets 
as determined by the LTIP Committee. SGP grants are vested in tranches 
over the vesting period in which each vesting tranche is accounted for as 
a separate grant for the purposes of recognising the expense over the 
vesting period. 
09 June 2021
Fair value at
grant dateNo. of shareVesting datesGrant dates
US$1.12
09 June 2021
31 March 2024
31 March 2025 US$1.12
271,050
542,100Total
271,050
116 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 117 ----
22. CAPITAL RESERVES
23. REGULATORY RESERVES
Number of shares – Share 
Grant Plan
Outstanding as at 1 January
Awarded
Outstanding at end of 
ﬁnancial year
2023
Number of shares
 
542,100 
 -   
542,100
2022
Number of shares
 
542,100 
 -   
542,100
Opening share-based payment
reverses at 1 January
Charges during the year
Currency translation diﬀerences
As at 31 December
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
1,182,514 
 697,167 
 (13,432)
 1,866,249 
 
287,227 
 169,627 
 -   
 456,854 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 453,982 
 718,466 
 10,066 
 1,182,514 
 111,434 
 175,793 
 -   
 287,227 
The movement on SGP Scheme reserves are as follows:
ii) Employee Share Option Scheme (ESOS)
The ESOS was introduced in June 2021 by CIMB Group where CIMB 
Group made grants of share options of CIMB Group to eligible employees 
of the Bank. The ESOS grants are vested in tranches over the vesting 
period in which each vesting tranche is accounted for as a separate 
grant for the purposes of recognising the expense over the vesting 
period.
The awarded share options expire 7 years from each vested date and 
each share option entitles the eligible employees to subscribe for one 
ordinary share.
Number of shares – 
Employee Share Option
Outstanding as at 1 January
Awarded
Outstanding at end of 
ﬁnancial year
For the year ended 31 
December 2023
5,733,000
-
5,733,000
Fair value
at grant date (US$) 
0.11
Number of shares – 
Employee Share Option
Outstanding as at 1 January
Awarded
Outstanding at end of 
ﬁnancial year
For the year ended 31 
December 2022
5,733,000
-
5,733,000
Fair value
at grant date (US$) 
0.11
The Bank transferred its retained earnings of US$16,500,000 to capital 
reserves on 6 April 2023 to comply with the maximum 20% cap of 
retained earnings compared with total Tier 1 (core capital) as per Prakas 
No. B7-010-182 for Net Worth. This transfer was approved by the Board 
of Directors and the National Bank of Cambodia on 27 January 2023 and 
6 April 2023 respectively.
Opening share-based payment
reverses at 1 January
Charges during the year
Currency translation diﬀerences
As at 31 December
2023
US$ KHR’000
 
1,188,969 
 713,504 
 (13,581)
 1,888,892 
 
288,795 
 173,602 
 -   
 462,397 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 443,581 
 735,309 
 10,079 
 1,188,969 
 108,881 
 179,914 
 -   
 288,795 
The movement on ESOS reserves are as follows:
As in Note 2.18, the accumulated regulatory provision based on NBC’s 
guidelines is higher than the accumulated impairment based on CIFRS 9, 
the ‘topping up’ is transferred from retained earnings to regulatory 
reserves presented under equity.
Regulatory provision 
based on NBC's guidelines
Allowance for expected credit 
loss based on CIFRS 9
Regulatory reserves transferred 
from retained earnings
2023
US$ KHR’000
93,184,880
(20,488,759)
72,696,121
22,811,476
(5,015,608)
17,795,868
2022
US$ KHR’000
74,517,362
(20,151,916)
54,365,446
18,099,918
(4,894,806)
13,205,112
At the beginning of the year
Additional transfer to regulatory 
reserves during the year
Currency translation diﬀerences
At the end of the year
2023
US$ KHR’000
54,365,446
18,868,007
(537,332)
72,696,121
13,205,112
4,590,756
-
17,795,868
2022
US$ KHR’000
36,452,799
17,400,174
512,473
54,365,446
8,947,668
4,257,444
-
13,205,112
The movement on regulatory reserves are as follows:
117
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 118 ----
Interest income from ﬁnancial 
assets at amortised cost:
Loans and advances
Deposits and placements 
with the central bank
Deposits and placements 
with other banks
    - Local banks 
    - Overseas banks 
Total interest income
Interest expense on ﬁnancial 
liabilities at amortised cost:
Fixed deposits
Current accounts
Savings accounts
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities
Staﬀ pension fund
Total interest expense
Net interest income
2023
US$ KHR’000
301,774,790
1,060,655
3,412,077
29,869,203
336,116,725
151,249,174
9,568,479
981,649
5,432,705
8,191,148
1,185,916
618,210
177,227,281
158,889,444
73,424,523
258,067
830,189
7,267,446
81,780,225
36,800,286
2,328,097
238,844
1,321,826
1,992,980
288,544
150,416
43,120,993
38,659,232
2022
US$ KHR’000
285,268,750
1,264,649
1,875,234
4,113,974
292,522,607
83,977,555
9,361,441
1,136,599
2,919,888
8,363,890
1,189,889
513,801
107,463,063
185,059,544
69,799,058
309,432
458,829
1,006,600
71,573,919
20,547,481
2,290,541
278,101
714,433
2,046,462
291,140
125,716
26,293,874
45,280,045
24. NET INTEREST INCOME 26. CREDIT IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
27. PERSONNEL EXPENSES
28. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION CHARGES
25. NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME
11,162,954
10,713,793
4,445,487
2,328,593
1,315,650
989,753
522,805
513,519
479,614
1,590,639
34,062,807
(11,098,743)
22,964,064
Fee and commission income:
Remittance fees
Trade ﬁnance fees
Early settlement charge
Loan commitment fees
Miscellaneous loan fees 
and charges
Fees for telex, fax and phone
Administration fee
ATM and credit cards annual fee, 
advances, and late charges
Service charge
Others
Total fee and commission 
income
Fee and commission expense
Net fee and commission 
income
2023
US$ KHR’000
7,364,750
9,139,156
3,404,013
2,265,424
1,340,731
932,497
601,305
545,767
1,532,820
1,331,884
28,458,347
(9,343,189)
19,115,158
1,791,910
2,223,639
828,227
551,198
326,212
226,885
146,303
132,790
372,949
324,059
6,924,172
(2,273,282)
4,650,890
2022
US$ KHR’000
2,731,332
2,621,432
1,087,714
569,756
321,911
242,171
127,919
125,647
117,351
389,195
8,334,428
(2,715,621)
5,618,807
Expected Credit Loss (ECL):
Loans and advances
Deposits and placements 
with other banks
Credit commitments and 
ﬁnancial guarantee contracts
2023
US$ KHR’000
1,555,478 
668,685 
(133,953)
2,090,210 
378,462 
162,697 
(32,592)
508,567 
2022
US$ KHR’000
510,822
(55,052)
(93,976)
361,794
124,987
(13,470)
(22,994)
88,523
8,933,945
7,201,147
4,303,523
20,438,615
Depreciation of property and 
equipment (Note 10)
Depreciation of right-of-use 
assets (Note 9) 
Amortisation of intangible 
assets (Note 11)
2023
US$ KHR’000
2,173,709
1,752,104
1,047,086
4,972,899
2022
US$ KHR’000
6,622,215
6,702,337
2,858,914
16,183,466
1,620,312
1,639,916
699,514
3,959,742
35,550,933 
9,749,553 
2,611,058 
2,443,970 
1,850,651 
1,825,000 
1,168,309 
- 
200,021 
805,187 
56,204,682 
Salaries and wages
Bonuses and incentives
Seniority payments
Other employee beneﬁts
Staﬀ pension fund expense
Allowances
Staﬀ loans beneﬁts
Annual leaves
Employee training expenses
Others
2023
US$ KHR’000
8,649,862 
2,372,154 
635,294 
594,640 
450,280 
444,039 
284,260 
- 
48,667 
195,909 
13,675,105 
2022
US$ KHR’000
31,798,863
9,703,903
2,364,317
2,494,010
1,566,457
1,635,650
911,928
148,072
109,998
339,699
51,072,897
7,780,490
2,374,334
578,497
610,230
383,278
400,208
223,129
36,230
26,914
83,117
12,496,427
118 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 119 ----
Proﬁt before income tax
Cambodian tax rate at 20%
Tax eﬀects in respect of:
Expenses not deductible 
for tax purposes
Write-oﬀ deferred tax assets 
previously recognised
Adjustments for current tax 
of prior period
Income tax expenses
2023
US$ KHR’000
 87,007,492 
 17,401,498 
 639,442 
 353,057 
 332,219 
 18,726,216 
 21,169,706 
 4,233,941 
 155,582 
 85,902 
 80,832 
 4,556,257 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 131,566,500 
 26,313,300 
 743,658 
 41,070 
 (105,171)
 26,992,857 
 32,191,461 
 6,438,292 
 
181,957 
 10,049 
 (25,733)
 6,604,565 
Cash on hand 
Deposits and placements 
with the central bank
Current accounts 
Settlement accounts
Negotiable certiﬁcate 
of deposits
Deposits and placements 
with other banks
Current accounts
Savings accounts
Fixed deposits with maturity 
three months or less 
2023
US$ KHR’000
 208,390,331 
 
239,912,009 
 63,567,616 
 - 
 41,625,378 
 8,188,852 
 1,001,882,794 
1,563,566,980
 51,013,545 
 
58,729,990 
 15,561,228 
 - 
 
10,189,811 
 2,004,615 
 
245,258,946 
382,758,135
2022
US$ KHR’000
 220,566,686 
 379,385,568 
 2,573,759 
61,755,000
 22,337,492 
 9,026,037 
230,107,315
925,751,857
 53,574,614 
 
92,150,976 
 625,154 
15,000,000
 5,425,672 
 2,192,382 
55,891,988
224,860,786
c) Reconciliation of income tax expenses and accounting proﬁt
Under the Cambodian tax regulations, the Bank is subject to 20% 
Income Tax.
Repairs and maintenance
Legal and professional fees
Licence fee expenses
Security expense
Communication expenses
Utilities
Advertising and public relations
Oﬃce supplies
Expenses for motor vehicles
Insurance expenses
Rental expenses
Travelling and accommodation
Director’s fee
Furniture and ﬁxtures
Other expenses
2023
US$ KHR’000
 5,767,921 
 2,383,319 
 2,236,395 
 1,616,262 
 1,108,266 
 1,086,281 
 947,347 
 944,975 
 806,242 
 635,254 
 626,676 
 540,243 
 449,634 
 196,425 
 2,738,760 
 22,084,000 
 1,403,387 
 579,883 
 544,135 
 393,251 
 269,651 
 264,302 
 230,498 
 229,921 
 196,166 
 154,563 
 152,476 
 131,446 
 109,400 
 47,792 
 666,365 
 5,373,236 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 4,362,725 
 668,004 
 1,618,378 
 1,390,974 
 1,122,916 
 1,045,630 
 577,771 
 448,328 
 755,265 
 602,379 
 624,158 
 257,747 
 467,851 
 158,486 
 1,832,312 
 15,932,924 
 1,067,464 
 163,446 
 395,982 
 340,341 
 274,753 
 255,843 
 141,368 
 109,696 
 184,797 
 147,389 
 152,718 
 63,065 
 114,473 
 38,778 
 448,327 
 3,898,440 
29. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
30. INCOME TAX
31. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
a) Current income tax liabilities
The movement of the Bank’s income tax liabilities are as follows:
Current
At the beginning of the year
Income tax expense
Income tax paid
Adjustments for current tax 
of prior period
Currency translation diﬀerences
At the end of the year
2023
US$ KHR’000
22,273,575 
16,718,654 
(26,290,503)
332,220 
(116,923)
12,917,023 
5,410,147 
4,067,799 
(6,396,716)
80,832 
- 
3,162,062 
2022
US$ KHR’000
22,201,340
25,437,966
(25,493,709)
(105,171)
233,149
22,273,575
5,449,519
6,224,117
(6,237,756)
(25,733)
-
5,410,147
b) Income tax expenses
Current income tax
Adjustments for current tax 
of prior period
Total current tax expense
Deferred tax
Income tax expenses
2023
US$ KHR’000
 16,718,654 
 332,219 
 17,050,873 
 1,675,343 
 18,726,216 
 4,067,799 
 80,832 
 4,148,631 
 407,626 
 4,556,257 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 25,437,966 
 (105,171)
 25,332,795 
 1,660,062 
 26,992,857 
 6,224,117 
 (25,733)
 6,198,384 
 406,181 
 6,604,565 
d)  Other matter
Taxes are calculated on the basis of current interpretation of the tax 
regulations enacted as at reporting date. The management periodically 
evaluates position taken in tax returns with respect to situations in 
which applicable tax regulation is subjected to interpretation. It establishes 
provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be 
paid to the tax authorities.
However, these regulations are subject to periodic variation and the 
ultimate determination of tax liabilities will be made following inspection  
by the tax authorities. Where the ﬁnal tax outcome of these matters 
is diﬀerent from the amounts initially recorded, such diﬀerences will 
impact the taxes liabilities and balances in the period in which the 
determination is made.
119
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 120 ----
(*) These are payables for capital expenditure as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 respectively. 
Non-cash ﬁnancing activities are disclosed in Note 9 for acquisition of right-of-use assets.
a) Cash ﬂow from operations 
Proﬁt before income tax
Adjustments for: 
Depreciation and amortisation charges
Credit impairment losses
Non-cash employee beneﬁts expense – share-based payments
Gains on lease disposal
Gains on disposals of property and equipment
Adjustment of staﬀ pension fund
Staﬀ pension fund
Annual leaves
Staﬀ loans beneﬁts
Net interest income and expense
Unrealised exchange gain
Change in working capital:
Reserve requirement deposits
Loans and advances
Other assets
Deposits from banks
Deposits from customers
Other liabilities
Cash used in operations
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
 131,566,500 
 16,183,466 
 361,794 
 1,453,775 
-
 (124,891)
 66,426 
 3,636,776 
 148,072 
 911,928  
(185,059,544)
 (458,455)
11,776,821
(408,404,445)
(1,812,744)
236,890,310
(346,265,868)
(16,273,269)
(555,403,348)
 32,191,461 
 3,959,742 
 88,523 
 355,707 
-
 (30,558)
 16,253 
 889,840 
 36,230 
 223,129 
 (45,280,045)
 (112,174)
2,881,532
(99,927,684)
(443,539)
57,961,906
(84,723,726)
(3,981,715)
(135,895,118)
 87,007,492 
 20,438,615 
 2,090,210 
 1,410,671 
 (4,069)
 (183,816)
 (242,387)
 4,108,779 
 - 
 1,168,309 
 (158,889,444)
 34,006 
 (105,066,618)
 307,045,396 
 (6,415,139)
 (157,462,715)
 578,587,716 
 (11,203,042)
 562,423,964 
 21,169,706 
 4,972,899 
 508,567 
 343,229 
 (990)
 (44,724)
 (58,975)
 999,703 
 - 
 284,260 
 (38,659,232)
 8,274 
 (25,563,654)
 74,706,909 
 (1,560,861)
 (38,312,096)
 140,775,600 
 (2,725,801)
 136,842,814 
Notes
28
26
18
27
27
24
32. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION
Acquisition of property and equipment (*)
Acquisition of intangible assets (*)
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
 791,770 
 1,521,782 
 2,313,552 
 193,729 
 372,347 
 566,076 
 1,679,749 
 1,979,068 
 3,658,817 
 408,698 
 481,525 
 890,223 
b) Non-cash investing and ﬁnancing activities
120 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 121 ----
 382,758,135 
 (1,152,015)
 (47,405,592)
 (6,164,900)
 328,035,628 
 382,758,135 
 (54,722,507)
 - 
 328,035,628 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities 
Net debt
Cash and cash equivalents
Gross debt – ﬁxed interest rates
Gross debt – variable interest rates
Net debt
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
925,751,857
(89,499,027)
(195,168,822)
(32,669,470)
608,414,538
925,751,857
 (254,940,067)
 (62,397,252)
608,414,538
224,860,786
(21,738,894)
(47,405,592)
(7,935,261)
147,781,039
224,860,786
(61,923,747)
(15,156,000)
147,781,039
1,563,566,980 
 (4,705,981)
 (193,651,843)
 (25,183,617)
1,340,025,539 
1,563,566,980 
 (223,541,441)
 - 
1,340,025,539 
Net debt
c) Net debt reconciliation
This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.
(i) Other changes include non-cash movements, including accrued interest expense which will be presented as operating cash ﬂows in the statement 
of cash ﬂows when paid.
(80,534,895)
5,133,204
(2,455,267)
116,470
660,741
(77,079,747)
(317,337,319)
 (77,079,747)
 22,006,281 
 (59,039)
 (8,547)
 418,545 
 (54,722,507)
 (223,541,441)
(26,141,521)
3,625,416
-
116,470
660,741
(21,738,894)
(89,499,027)
 (21,738,894)
 20,279,070 
 - 
 (8,547)
 316,356 
 (1,152,015)
 (4,705,981)
Net debt at 1 January 2022
Cash ﬂows
New leases
Foreign exchange adjustments
Other changes (i)
Net debt as at 31 December 2022
In KHR’000 equivalent
Net debt at 1 January 2023
Cash ﬂows
New leases
Foreign exchange adjustments
Other changes (i)
Net debt as at 31 December 2023
In KHR’000 equivalent
Total
Cash and cash 
equivalentsSub-total
Other assetsLiabilities from ﬁnancing activities
Lease 
liabilities
Subordinated 
debtsBorrowings
US$
217,529,564
(68,070,469)
(2,455,267)
116,470
660,741
147,781,039
608,414,538
 147,781,039 
 179,903,630 
 (59,039)
 (8,547)
 418,545 
 328,035,628 
1,340,025,539 
US$
298,064,459
(73,203,673)
-
-
-
224,860,786
925,751,857
 224,860,786 
 157,897,349 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 382,758,135 
 1,563,566,980 
US$US$US$US$
(6,987,782)
1,507,788
(2,455,267)
-
-
(7,935,261)
(32,669,470)
 (7,935,261)
 1,727,211 
 (59,039)
 - 
 102,189 
 (6,164,900)
 (25,183,617)
(47,405,592)
-
-
-
-
(47,405,592)
(195,168,822)
 (47,405,592)
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (47,405,592)
 (193,651,843)
121
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 122 ----
34. RELATED-PARTY DISCLOSURES
b) Operating lease commitments
The Bank recognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for lease 
contracts where the Bank is a lessee, except for short-term leases, see 
Note 2.12.iii) and Note 9 for further information. The lease commitments 
of short-term leases are insigniﬁcant.
a) Related parties and relationships
The Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of CIMB Bank Berhad, a licensed 
bank incorporated in Malaysia. CIMB Group Holdings Berhad, a quoted 
company incorporated in Malaysia, is the ultimate holding company. 
Bank guarantees and 
letters of credits
Unused portion of 
overdrafts
Unused portion of 
credit cards
Term loan commitments
Less: Loss allowance for ECL
Net exposure
2023
US$ KHR’000
1,132,702,374 
 
268,776,611 
 50,515,911 
 73,080,184 
1,525,075,080 
 (278,671)
1,524,796,409 
 277,283,323 
 
65,795,988 
 12,366,196 
 17,889,886 
 373,335,393 
(68,218)
 373,267,175 
2022
US$ KHR’000
1,098,607,637
278,233,011
47,530,983
53,885,536
1,478,257,167
(415,035)
1,477,842,132
266,846,645
67,581,494
11,545,053
13,088,544
359,061,736
(100,810)
358,960,926
RelationshipRelated party
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad Ultimate parent company
CIMB Bank Berhad Immediate parent company
CIMB Thai Bank Public Co. Limited 
(CIMB Thai)
Aﬃliates 
PT Bank CIMB Niaga TBK 
(CIMB Indonesia)
Aﬃliates
CIMB Bank Berhad 
Shanghai Branch
Aﬃliates
CIMB Bank (Singapore) Aﬃliates
CIMB Bank (Vietnam) Limited Aﬃliates
Key management personnel Key management personnel of the 
Bank are all directors of the Bank 
who make critical decisions in 
relation to the strategic direction of 
the Bank and senior management 
staﬀ (including their close family 
members).
Current accounts with parent and parent's foreign bank subsidiaries 
and branches bear no interest (2022: nil), except the current accounts 
placed with CIMB Bank Berhad Shanghai Branch bears interest rate 
at 0.35% per annum (2022: 0.35% per annum).
Fixed deposits with parent bear interest at rates ranging from 1.20% 
to 5.12% per annum (2022: 1.30% to 4.10% per annum).
b) Deposits and placements with related parties
Parent (current accounts)
Parent’s foreign bank 
subsidiaries and branches 
(current accounts)
Parent (ﬁxed deposits)
Interest income
2023
US$ KHR’000
 20,129,732 
 9,218,832 
 778,460,329 
 807,808,893 
 27,217,842 
 4,927,719 
 2,256,752 
 190,565,564 
 197,750,035 
 6,622,346 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 10,143,576 
 7,987,005 
 116,125,057 
 134,255,638 
 3,529,791 
 2,463,827 
 1,940,006 
 28,206,232 
 32,610,065 
 863,663 
Loans and advances to directors and key management earned annual 
interest at rates ranging from 3.50% to 8.00% per annum (2022: 3.50% 
to 8.00% per annum).
d) Deposits from related parties
Parent’s foreign bank 
subsidiaries and branches 
(current accounts)
Parent’s foreign bank 
subsidiaries (ﬁxed deposits)
Directors and key management 
(current accounts)
Directors and key management 
(savings accounts)
Directors and key management 
(ﬁxed deposits)
Interest expense
2023
US$ KHR’000
40,319
-
739,222
624,208
6,489,027
7,892,776
318,849
9,870
-
180,960
152,805
1,588,501
1,932,136
77,579
2022
US$ KHR’000
40,820
106,379,395
581,732
537,293
4,968,577
112,507,817
3,673,694
9,915
25,839,056
141,300
130,506
1,206,844
27,327,621
898,873
c) Loans and advances at amortised cost to related parties
Directors and key management
Interest income
2023
US$ KHR’000
 10,304,359 
 686,306 
 2,522,487 
 166,984 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 9,968,504 
 496,705 
 2,421,303 
 121,533 
33. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
a. Loan commitments, guarantees and other ﬁnancial commitments
At 31 December 2023, the Bank had the contractual amounts of the 
Bank’s oﬀ-balance sheet ﬁnancial instruments that commit it to extend 
credit to customers as follows:
122 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 123 ----
Financial assets
Financial assets at 
amortised costs
Cash on hand
Deposits and placements 
with the central bank
Deposits and placements 
with other banks
Loans and advances at 
amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Total ﬁnancial assets
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at 
amortised cost
Deposits from banks
Deposits from customers
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities
Other ﬁnancial liabilities
Total ﬁnancial liabilities
Net ﬁnancial assets
2023
US$ KHR’000
 208,390,331 
 335,360,330 
 1,050,977,873 
 3,859,649,643 
 6,376,689 
 5,460,754,866 
 772,475,154 
 4,063,005,249 
 4,705,981 
 193,651,843 
 25,183,617 
 35,798,713 
 5,094,820,557 
 365,934,309 
 51,013,545 
 82,095,552 
 257,277,325 
 944,834,674 
 1,561,001 
 1,336,782,097 
 189,100,405 
 994,615,728 
 1,152,015 
 47,405,592 
 6,164,900 
 8,763,455 
 1,247,202,095 
 89,580,002 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 220,566,686 
 497,770,414 
 261,416,046 
 4,197,105,346 
 3,846,550 
 5,180,705,042 
 925,945,709 
 3,490,085,258 
 89,499,027 
 195,168,822 
 32,669,470 
 45,051,922 
 4,778,420,208 
 402,284,834 
 53,574,614 
 120,906,100 
 63,496,732 
 
1,019,457,213 
 934,309 
 1,258,368,968 
 224,907,872 
 847,725,348 
 21,738,894 
 47,405,592 
 7,935,261 
 10,942,901 
 1,160,655,868 
 97,713,100 
Other assets
Amounts due from 
immediate parent
Amounts due from 
related parties
2023
US$ KHR’000
441,278
14,502
455,780
108,024
3,550
111,574
2022
US$ KHR’000
77,692
13,837
91,529
18,871
3,361
22,232
Parent’s foreign bank subsidiaries 
and branches (current accounts)
20222023
0.00%0.00%
Parent’s foreign bank subsidiaries 
(ﬁxed deposits) 0.30% - 7.58%0.39% - 7.58%
Directors and key management 
(current accounts) 0.00% - 1.50%0.00% - 1.50%
Directors and key management 
(savings accounts) 0.50% - 1.68%0.50% - 3.25%
Directors and key management 
(ﬁxed deposits) 3.25% - 6.50%3.25% - 7.00%
Annual interest rate during the year are as follows:
f) Amounts due from related parties
e) Subordinated debts from related parties
Immediate parent
Interest expense
2023
US$ KHR’000
 193,651,843 
 8,410,959 
 47,405,592 
 2,046,462 
2022
US$ KHR’000
 195,168,822 
 8,363,890 
 47,405,592 
 2,046,462 
Subordinated debts from immediate parent are unsecured and having 
annual interest at rates ranging from 2.74% to 4.50% per annum (2022: 
2.74% to 4.50% per annum).
g) Key management personnel compensation
Directors’ fees
Salaries and short-term 
beneﬁts
Other long-term beneﬁts
2023
US$ KHR’000
449,634
12,434,377
355,295
12,789,672
109,400
3,025,396
86,447
3,111,843
2022
US$ KHR’000
467,851
11,401,030
316,849
11,717,879
114,473
2,789,584
77,526
2,867,110
The Bank embraces risk management as an integral part of the Bank’s 
business, operations and decision-making process. In ensuring that 
the Bank achieves optimum returns whilst operating within a sound 
business environment, the risk management teams are involved at 
the early stage of the risk-taking process by providing independent 
inputs, including relevant valuations, credit evaluations, new product 
assessments and quantiﬁcation of capital requirements. These inputs 
enable the business units to assess the risk-vs-reward of their propositions, 
thus enabling risk to be priced appropriately in relation to the return.
Generally, the objectives of the Bank’s risk management activities are to:
• identify the various risk exposures and capital requirements;
• ensure risk-taking activities are consistent with risk policies and the 
aggregated risk position are within the risk appetite as approved by 
the Board; and
• create shareholders’ value through a sound risk management 
framework.
35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
123
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 124 ----
35.1 Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of suﬀering ﬁnancial loss, should any of the Bank’s 
customers or market counterparties fail to fulﬁl their contractual 
obligations to the Bank. Credit risk arises from deposits and placements 
with the central bank and other banks, loans and advances, other ﬁnancial 
assets, and credit commitments and ﬁnancial guarantee contracts. 
Credit exposure arises principally in lending activities.
(a) Credit risk measurement
Credit risk is managed on a group basis.
For loans and advances and credit commitments, the estimation of 
credit exposure for risk management purposes requires the use of 
models, as the exposure varies with changes in market conditions, 
expected cash ﬂows and the passage of time. The assessment of 
credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further estimations as to the 
likelihood of default occurring, of the associated loss ratios and of 
default correlations between counterparties. The Bank measures credit 
risk using Probability of Default (PD), Exposure at Default (EAD) and 
Loss Given Default (LGD) for the purposes of measuring Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) under CIFRS 9.
Deposits and placements with the central bank and other banks are 
considered to be low credit risk. The credit ratings of these assets are 
monitored for credit deterioration. Measurement for impairment is 
limited to 12-month expected credit loss. Other ﬁnancial assets at 
amortised cost are monitored for its credit rating deterioration, and 
the measurement of impairment follows a three-stage approach in 
note 35.1 (c).
(b) Risk limit control and mitigation policies
The Bank operates and provides loans and advances to individuals or 
enterprises within the Kingdom of Cambodia. The Bank manages, limits 
and controls the concentration of credit risk whenever it is identiﬁed. 
The Bank structures the levels of credit risk it undertakes by placing 
limits on the amount of risk accepted in relation to one borrower, or 
groups of borrowers, and industry segments. Such risks are monitored 
on a revolving basis and are subject to an annual or more frequent 
review, when considered necessary. Limits on levels of credit risk by 
product and industry sector are approved by the Board of Directors.
Large exposure is deﬁned by the central bank as overall credit exposure  
single beneﬁciary that exceeds 10% of the Bank’s net worth. The Bank 
is required, under the conditions of Prakas No. B7-06-226 of the central 
bank, to maintain at all times a maximum ratio of 20% between the 
Bank’s overall credit exposure to any single beneﬁciary and the Bank’s 
net worth. The aggregation of large credit exposure must not exceed 
300% of the Bank’s net worth.
The Bank employs a range of policies and practices to mitigate credit 
risk, including requiring borrowers to pledge collateral against loans 
and advances granted by the Bank.
(c) Impairment (expected credit loss) policies
The measurement of expected credit loss allowance under the CIFRS 9’s 
three-stage approach is to recognise lifetime expected credit loss 
allowance for ﬁnancial instruments for which there has been a signiﬁcant
increase in credit risk since initial origination or is credit-impaired as at 
the reporting date. The ﬁnancial instrument which has not undergone 
any signiﬁcant deterioration in credit risk shall be recognised with 
12-month expected credit loss allowance.
Under the three-stage approach, the ﬁnancial instrument is allocated 
into three stages based on the relative movement in the credit risk. 
• Stage 1 includes ﬁnancial instruments that neither have a signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition nor credit impaired as 
at reporting date. For these assets, 12-month expected credit loss 
allowance are recognised.
• Stage 2 includes ﬁnancial instruments that have had a signiﬁcant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition but do not have 
objective evidence of impairment. For these assets, lifetime expected 
credit loss allowance are recognised.
• Stage 3 includes ﬁnancial instruments that have objective evidence 
of impairment at the reporting date. For these assets, lifetime 
expected credit loss allowance are recognised.
• Purchased or originated credit-impaired ﬁnancial assets are those 
ﬁnancial assets that are credit-impaired on initial recognition. Their 
expected credit loss allowance is always measured on a lifetime 
basis (Stage 3).
The key judgements and assumptions adopted by the Bank in addressing 
the requirements of the standard on the measurement of allowances 
are:
(i) Signiﬁcant increase in credit risk (SICR)
The assessment of SICR shall be a multifactor and holistic analysis and 
based on a mixture of quantitative and/or qualitative information. To 
determine whether the risk of default of a loan/ﬁnancing has increased 
signiﬁcantly since initial recognition, the current risk of default at the 
reporting date is compared with the risk of default at initial recognition. 
A borrower is considered to have credit risk increased signiﬁcantly since 
initial recognition if any of the following criteria is met:
• Past due 31 days for short-term facilities on its contractual payment; 
and 
• Past due 90 days for long-term facilities on its contractual payment.
(ii) Deﬁnition of default and credit impaired
The Bank deﬁnes a ﬁnancial instrument as in default which is also 
credit-impaired when it meets one of the following criteria:
• Where the principal or interest or both of any of the credit facilities is 
past due for more than 90 consecutive days or more and/or in actual 
default. In the case of revolving facilities (e.g. overdraft facilities), the 
facility shall be classiﬁed as impaired where the outstanding amount 
has remained in excess of the approved limit for a period of more 
than 90 days or 3 months for the purpose of ascertaining the period 
in arrears.
• When an obligor/counterparty has multiple loans with the Bank 
and cross default obligation applies, an assessment of provision is 
required under which default of one debt obligation triggers default 
on another debt obligation (cross default). Where there is no right 
to set oﬀ clause is available, assessment of provision needs 
to be performed on individual loan level instead of consolidated 
obligor/counterparty level.
• Write-oﬀ/charged-oﬀ accounts.
124 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 125 ----
(iii) Measuring (ECL - inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques)
The ECL is measured on either a 12-month or lifetime basis depending 
on whether a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk has occurred since initial 
recognition or whether an asset is considered to be credit-impaired. 
The ECL is assessed and measured on a collective and individual basis.
For collective assessment, the ECL allowance is determined by projecting  
the PD, LGD and EAD for each future month and for collective segment. 
The three components are multiplied together to calculate an ECL for 
each future year, which is then discounted back to the reporting date 
and summed. The discount rate used in the ECL calculation is the 
original eﬀective interest rate or an approximation thereof.
For individual assessment, the ECL allowance is determined by comparing 
the outstanding exposure with the present value of cash ﬂow which 
is expected to be received from the borrowers.
Probability of Default (PD)
The PD represents the likelihood that a borrower will be unable to meet 
its ﬁnancial obligation either over the next 12 months (12-month PD) 
or over the remaining lifetime (lifetime PD) of the obligation.
The 12-month and lifetime PD represent the expected point-in-time 
probability of a default over the next 12 months and remaining lifetime 
of the ﬁnancial instruments, respectively, based on conditions existing 
at the reporting date and future economic conditions that aﬀect credit 
risk.
The PD is derived using historical default rates adjusted for forward-
looking information and reﬂecting current portfolio composition and 
market data.
For portfolios without suﬃcient default data, forward-looking proxy 
PDs are used.
Exposure at Default (EAD)
EAD is the total amount that the Bank is exposed to at the time the 
borrower defaults.
The 12-month and lifetime EADs are determined based on the expected 
payment proﬁle, which varies by product type.
• For amortising products and bullet repayment loans, this is based on 
the contractual repayments owed by the borrower over a 12-month 
or remaining maturity.
• For revolving products, the exposure at default is the higher of 
outstanding balance or applicable limit multiplied with utilisation 
rate. Utilisation rate is derived using a simpliﬁed approach, 
outstanding sum of portfolio or product divided by total combined 
available limit of a portfolio or product.
Loss Given Default (LGD)
LGD represents the Bank’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted 
exposure. LGD varies by type of counterparty, type and seniority 
of claim and availability of collateral or other credit support. LGD is 
expressed as a percentage loss per unit of exposure at the time of 
default. LGD is the percentage of loss expected to be made if the default 
occurs over the remaining expected lifetime of the loan.
For a portfolio without suﬃcient default data, Proxy LGD is used.
The assumptions underlying the ECL calculation are monitored and 
reviewed periodically. There have been no signiﬁcant changes in 
estimation techniques or signiﬁcant assumptions made during the 
reporting period.
(iv) Forward-looking information incorporated into the ECL models
The calculation of ECL incorporates forward-looking information. The 
Bank has performed statistical analysis based on historical experience 
and identiﬁed the key economic variables impacting credit risk and 
expected credit losses for each portfolio. The relationship of these 
economic variables on the PD, EAD and LGD have been determined 
by performing statistical regression analysis to understand the impact 
changes in these variables have had historically on default rates and 
on the components of PD and LGD. These economic variables and their 
associated impact on the PD, EAD and LGD vary by ﬁnancial instrument. 
Expert judgement has also been applied in this process. Forecasts 
of these economic variables are sourced from the Bank’s immediate 
parent’s economics team and external research house.
The Bank applies three economic scenarios to reﬂect an unbiased 
probability-weighted range of possible future outcome in estimating 
ECL:
• Base case: This represents the ‘most likely outcome’ of future 
economic conditions which is aligned with information used by 
the Bank for other purposes such as budgeting and stress testing.
• Best and Worst case: This represents the ‘upside’ and ‘downside’ 
outcome of future economic conditions which are determined by 
a combination of statistical analysis and expert credit judgement.
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the management assessed the 
weighting based on the recent development in the economic condition 
and expects that there would be a progress of further recovery, so the 
weighting have been assigned as described in above table.
Macroeconomic variable assumptions
The weightings assigned to each economic scenario as at 31 December 
2023 and 31 December 2022 are as follows:
Scenario probability weighting
As at 31 December 2022
Base
%
 60%
Best
%
10%
Worst
%
30%
Scenario probability weighting
As at 31 December 2023
Base
%
70%
Best
%
10%
Worst
%
20%
125
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 126 ----
As with any economic forecasts, the projections and likelihoods of 
occurrence are subject to high degree of inherent uncertainty and 
therefore the actual outcomes may be signiﬁcantly diﬀerent to those 
projected. The Bank considers these forecasts to represent its best 
estimate of the possible outcomes and are appropriately representative 
of the range of possible scenarios. The scenario weightage, number of 
scenarios and their attributes are reassessed periodically.
Sensitivity analysis
The Bank has also identiﬁed the key economic variables and carried 
out a sensitivity assessment of ECL for loans, advances and ﬁnancing 
in relation to the changes in these key economic variables whilst 
keeping other variables unchanged. The sensitivity factors used are 
derived based on expected standard deviation determined for each 
key economic variable to assess the impact on the ECL of the Bank.
(v) Post-model (overlays) adjustment
To consider the current economic situation, the Bank has incorporated 
post-model adjustments (overlays) to ECL by providing additional 
provision on certain portfolios based on the assumptions on impacted 
industries, customer risk proﬁles, late loans and rescheduled and 
restructured loans. The Bank determines the additional ECL by applying 
an ECL rate, derived from historical data, to the exposure at default 
(EAD) of those portfolios. The Bank has used reasonable and supportable 
information without undue cost or eﬀort to determine the ECL rate 
to account for the customers expected to have signiﬁcant increase in 
credit risk.
(vi) Grouping of exposure for ECL measured on collective basis
For expected credit loss provisions modelled on a collective basis, 
a grouping of exposures is performed on the basis of shared risk 
characteristics, such that risk exposures within a group are homogeneous. 
In performing this grouping, there must be suﬃcient information for 
the groupings to be statistically credible. Where suﬃcient information 
is not available internally, the Bank has considered benchmarking 
internal/external supplementary data to use for modelling purposes.
The appropriateness of groupings is monitored and reviewed on a 
periodic basis by the Credit Risk.
(vii) Write oﬀ policy
Write-oﬀ is usually taken when relevant recovery actions have been 
exhausted or further recovery is not economically feasible or justiﬁable. 
When a loan or debt instrument is deemed uncollectible, it is written 
oﬀ against the related allowance for impairment. Such loans are either 
written oﬀ in full or partially after taking into consideration the realisable 
value of collateral (if any) and when in the judgement of the management, 
there is no prospect of recovery. All write-oﬀs must be approved by the 
Board or its delegated authorities.
(viii) Modiﬁcation of loans
The Bank sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modiﬁes the contractual 
cash ﬂows of loans to customers. When this happens, the Bank assesses 
whether or not the new terms are substantially diﬀerent to the original 
terms. The Bank does this by considering, among others, the following 
factors:
• If the borrower is in ﬁnancial diﬃculty, whether the modiﬁcation 
merely reduces the contractual cash ﬂows to amounts the borrower 
is expected to be able to pay.
• Whether any substantial new terms are introduced, such as a proﬁt 
share/equity-based return that substantially aﬀects the risk proﬁle 
of the loan.
• Signiﬁcant extension of the loan term when the borrower is not in 
ﬁnancial diﬃculty.
• Signiﬁcant change in the interest rate.
• Change in the currency the loan is denominated in.
• Insertion of collateral, other security or credit enhancements that 
signiﬁcantly aﬀect the credit risk associated with the loan.
The risk of default of such loans after modiﬁcation is assessed at the 
reporting date and compared with the risk under the original terms at 
initial recognition, when the modiﬁcation is not substantial and so does 
not result in derecognition of the original loans. The Bank monitors the 
subsequent performance of modiﬁed assets. The Bank may determine 
that the credit risk has signiﬁcantly improved after restructuring, so that 
the assets are moved from Stage 3 or Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL) to Stage 1 
(12-month ECL). This is only the case for assets which have performed in 
accordance with the new terms for six consecutive months or more.
(ix) Oﬀ-balance sheet exposures
Oﬀ-balance sheet exposures are exposures such as trade facilities and 
undrawn commitments. The Bank applied internal Cash Conversion 
Factor (CCF) to estimate the EAD of oﬀ-balance sheet items. For 
operational simpliﬁcation, the Bank assumes CCF for the oﬀ-balance 
sheet exposures as follows:
• 20% CCF is assumed for unused portion of overdrafts, unused 
portion of credit cards and letters of credits;
• 75% CCF is assumed for undrawn trust receipts; and
• 100% CCF is assumed for undrawn term loans. 
(d) Maximum exposure to credit risk before collateral held or other 
credit enhancements
The maximum exposure to credit risk for ﬁnancial assets recognised 
in the statements of ﬁnancial position is their gross carrying amounts. 
For contingent liabilities, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the 
maximum amount that the Bank would have to pay if the obligations of 
the instruments issued are called upon. For credit commitments, the 
maximum exposure to credit risk is the full amount of the undrawn 
credit facilities granted to customers. The table below shows the 
maximum exposure to credit risk for the Bank on ﬁnancial instruments 
subject to impairment.
126 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 127 ----
Credit risk exposure 
relating to on-balance 
sheet assets:
Deposits and placements 
with other banks
Loans and advances 
at amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Credit risk exposure 
relating to oﬀ-balance 
sheet items:
Bank guarantees 
and letters of credits
Unused portion 
of overdrafts
Unused portion 
of credit cards
Term loan commitments
Total maximum credit 
risk exposure that are 
subject to impairment
Less: Loss allowance (ECL)
Total net credit exposure
2023
US$ KHR’000
1,051,697,025 
3,879,140,579 
6,376,689 
4,937,214,293 
1,132,702,374 
268,776,611 
50,515,911 
73,080,184 
1,525,075,080 
6,462,289,373 
(20,488,759)
6,441,800,614 
257,453,372 
949,606,017 
1,561,001 
1,208,620,390 
277,283,323 
65,795,988 
12,366,196 
17,889,886 
373,335,393 
1,581,955,783 
(5,015,608)
1,576,940,175 
2022
US$ KHR’000
261,470,843
4,216,787,430
3,846,550
4,482,104,823
1,098,607,637
278,233,011
47,530,983
53,885,536
1,478,257,167
5,960,361,990
(20,151,916)
5,940,210,074
63,510,042
1,024,237,899
934,309
1,088,682,250
266,846,645
67,581,494
11,545,053
13,088,544
359,061,736
1,447,743,986
(4,894,806)
1,442,849,180
The above table represents a worst-case scenario of credit risk exposure 
to the Bank, since collateral held and/or other credit enhancement 
attached were not taken into account. For on-balance sheet assets, 
the exposures set out above are based on gross carrying amounts. 
As shown above, 60% (2022: 71%) of total maximum exposure is 
derived from loans and advances. Management is conﬁdent of its ability 
to continue to control and sustain minimal exposure on credit risk 
resulting from the Bank’s loans and advances due to the followings:
• Almost all loans and advances are collateralised and loan to 
collateral value ranges from 60% to 70%.
• The Bank has a proper credit evaluation process in place for granting 
of loans and advances to customers.
• 10% (2022: 48%) of deposits and placements with other banks is 
held with its parent company, a bank with credit rating A3. The 
remaining balances were held with local banks and oversea banks 
and management has done proper risk assessment and believe 
there will be no material loss from these local banks and oversea 
banks.
e) Credit quality of ﬁnancial assets
The Bank assesses credit quality of loans, advances and ﬁnancing using 
internal rating techniques tailored to the various categories of products 
and counterparties. These techniques have been developed internally 
and combine statistical analysis with credit oﬃcers’ judgement.
Credit quality description is summarised as follows:
Standard 
monitoring 
Obligors in this category exhibit strong capacity to meet 
ﬁnancial commitments. 
The Bank monitors obligors in this category by delinquency 
status. Obligors included in standard monitoring are:
• those less than 15 days past due on its contractual 
payments for short-term facilities
• those less than 30 days past due on its contractual 
payments for long-term facilities 
Obligors in this category have a fairly acceptable capacity 
to meet ﬁnancial commitments. 
The Bank monitors obligors in this category by delinquency 
status. Obligors included in special monitoring are:
• those that are from 15 days to 30 days past due on 
its contractual payments for short-term facilities
• those that are from 30 days to 89 days past due on 
its contractual payments for long-term facilities
Credit quality Description
Special 
monitoring 
Obligors assessed to be impaired.Default/Credit 
impaired
The credit quality of ﬁnancial instruments other than loans, advances 
and ﬁnancing are determined based on the ratings of counterparties 
as deﬁned equivalent ratings of other international rating agencies as 
deﬁned below:
Sovereign Refers to ﬁnancial assets issued by the central bank/
government or guarantee by the central bank/government.
Refers to the credit quality of the ﬁnancial assets that 
the issuer is able to meet payment obligation and 
exposure bondholder to low credit risk of default.
Credit quality Description
Investment grade
Refers to low credit quality of the ﬁnancial assets that 
are highly exposed to default risk.
Non-investment 
grade
Refers to ﬁnancial assets which are currently not 
assigned with ratings due to unavailability of ratings 
models.
Refers to the ﬁnancial assets that are being impaired.Credit impaired
No rating
127
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 128 ----
 
9,959,706 
 -   
 247,493,666 
 257,453,372 
 (176,047)
 257,277,325 
 1,050,977,873 
 918,838,722 
 -   
 -   
 918,838,722 
 (2,611,707)
 916,227,015 
 3,742,787,356 
 
373,281,228 
 -   
 -   
 373,281,228 
   
 (68,200)
 373,213,028 
   
 1,524,575,220 
Deposits and placements 
with other banks
Investment grade
Non-investment grade
No rating
Gross carrying amount
Less: Expected credit loss
Net carrying amount
In KHR’000 equivalents
Loans and advances 
at amortised cost
Standard monitoring
Special monitoring
Default
Gross carrying amount
Less: Expected credit loss
Net carrying amount
In KHR’000 equivalents
Oﬀ-balance sheet items
Standard monitoring
Special monitoring
Default
Gross carrying amount
Less: Expected credit loss
Net carrying amount
In KHR’000 equivalents
20222023
Total
 42,254,587 
 -   
 21,255,455 
 63,510,042 
 (13,310)
 63,496,732 
 261,416,046 
981,323,610
35,216,481
7,697,808
1,024,237,899
(4,780,686)
1,019,457,213
4,197,105,346
359,061,736
-
-
359,061,736
(100,810)
358,960,926
1,477,842,132
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
-
-
7,697,808
7,697,808
(1,589,016)
6,108,792
25,149,897
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
-
35,216,481
-
35,216,481
(169,437)
35,047,044
144,288,680
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
12-month
ECL
 
42,254,587 
 -   
 21,255,455 
 63,510,042 
 (13,310)
 63,496,732 
 261,416,046 
981,323,610
-
-
981,323,610
(3,022,233)
978,301,377
4,027,666,769
359,061,736
-
-
359,061,736
(100,810)
358,960,926
1,477,842,132
Total
 9,959,706 
 -   
 247,493,666 
 257,453,372 
 (176,047)
 257,277,325 
 1,050,977,873 
 918,838,722 
 14,685,251 
 16,082,044 
 949,606,017 
 (4,771,343)
 944,834,674 
   
 3,859,649,643 
 373,335,393 
 -   
 -   
 373,335,393 
 (68,218)
 373,267,175 
 1,524,796,409 
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 16,082,044 
 16,082,044 
 (1,551,442)
 14,530,602 
 59,357,509 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 14,685,251 
 -   
 14,685,251 
 (608,194)
 14,077,057 
 57,504,778 
 54,165 
 -   
 -   
 54,165 
 (18)
 54,147 
 221,189 
12-month
ECL
US$US$US$US$US$US$US$US$
The following table shows an analysis of the credit exposure by stages, together with the ECL allowance provision:
128 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 129 ----
(*) Impact of the measurement of ECL due to changes in EAD and PD 
during the year arising from regular refreshing of inputs to models.
(f) Loss allowance
(i) Expected credit loss reconciliation – loans and advances at amortised cost
Expected credit losses
Loss allowance as at 
1 January 2023
Changes due to ﬁnancial 
instruments recognised 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
Net remeasurement 
of loss allowance (*)
New ﬁnancial assets 
originated or purchased
Financial assets 
derecognised during the 
period other than write oﬀ
Write-oﬀs
Unwinding of discounts
Loss allowance as at 
31 December 2023
In KHR’000 equivalent
 
169,437 
 (66,294)
 23,246 
 (21,812)
 
484,652 
 54,784 
 (35,819)
 -   
 -   
 608,194 
 2,484,472 
 3,022,233 
 66,294 
 (23,246)
 (20,734)
 (669,544)
 556,705 
 (320,001)
 -   
 -   
 2,611,707 
 10,668,823 
 4,780,686 
   
 - 
 - 
 - 
 126,722 
 638,188 
 (386,448)
 (392,097)
 4,292 
 4,771,343 
 19,490,936 
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
 
1,589,016 
 -   
 -   
 42,546 
 311,614 
 26,699 
 (30,628)
 (392,097)
 4,292 
 
1,551,442 
 6,337,641 
Expected credit losses
Loss allowance as at 
1 January 2022
Changes due to ﬁnancial 
instruments recognised 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
Net remeasurement 
of loss allowance (*)
New ﬁnancial assets 
originated or purchased
Financial assets 
derecognised during 
the period other 
than write oﬀ
Write-oﬀs
Unwinding of discounts
Loss allowance as at 
31 December 2022
In KHR’000 equivalent
131,718
(31,750)
155,017
(10,433)
(57,969)
6,159
(23,305)
-
-
169,437
697,572
2,798,957
199,118
(63,223)
(6,134)
(463,111)
891,874
(335,248)
-
-
3,022,233
12,442,533
4,661,527
-
-
-
(411,955)
973,817
(436,875)
(23,651)
17,823
4,780,686
19,682,084
1,730,852
(167,368)
(91,794)
16,567
109,125
75,784
(78,322)
(23,651)
17,823
1,589,016
6,541,979
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
Gross carrying amount
Gross carrying amount 
as at 1 January 2023
Changes due to ﬁnancial 
instruments recognised 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
New ﬁnancial assets 
originated or purchased
Financial assets 
derecognised during 
the period other  
than write oﬀ
Write-oﬀs
Gross carrying amount 
as at 31 December 2023
In KHR’000 equivalent
 35,216,481 
 (14,278,456)
 5,214,808 
 (3,568,069)
 2,440,279 
 (10,339,792)
 -   
 
14,685,251 
 59,989,250 
 
981,323,610 
 14,278,456 
 (5,214,808)
 (5,013,577)
 192,243,442 
 (258,778,401)
 -   
 918,838,722 
 3,753,456,179 
 
1,024,237,899 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 194,944,836 
 (269,184,621)
 (392,097)
 949,606,017 
 3,879,140,579 
 7,697,808 
 -   
 -   
 8,581,646 
 261,115 
 (66,428)
 (392,097)
 16,082,044 
 65,695,150 
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
(*) Impact of the measurement of ECL due to changes in EAD and PD 
during the year arising from regular refreshing of inputs to models.
Gross carrying amount
Gross carrying amount 
as at 1 January 2022
Changes due to ﬁnancial 
instruments recognised 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
New ﬁnancial assets 
originated or purchased
Financial assets 
derecognised during 
the period other 
than write oﬀ
Write-oﬀs
Gross carrying amount 
as at 31 December 2022
In KHR’000 equivalent
 
16,952,156 
 (2,191,221)
 27,366,481 
 (627,191)
2,062,422 
(8,346,166)
-
35,216,481 
144,986,252 
 897,296,850 
 2,979,854 
 (24,952,268)
 (451,343)
321,811,659 
(215,361,142)
-
981,323,610 
4,040,109,302 
 
924,282,974 
 -   
 -   
 -   
324,176,466 
(224,107,702)
(113,839)
1,024,237,899 
4,216,787,430 
 
10,033,968 
 (788,633)
 (2,414,213)
 1,078,534 
302,385 
(400,394)
(113,839)
7,697,808 
31,691,876 
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
129
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 130 ----
Gross carrying amount
Gross carrying amount 
as at 1 January 2023
Changes due to ﬁnancial 
instruments recognised 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
New ﬁnancial assets 
originated or purchased
Financial assets derecognised 
during the period 
other than write oﬀ
Gross carrying amount 
as at 31 December 2023
In KHR’000 equivalent
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
63,510,042
-
-
-
250,151,969
(56,208,639)
257,453,372
1,051,697,025
63,510,042
-
-
-
250,151,969
(56,208,639)
257,453,372
1,051,697,025
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
(ii) Expected credit loss reconciliation – deposits and placements with 
other banks
Expected credit losses
Loss allowance as at 
1 January 2023
Changes due to ﬁnancial 
instruments recognised 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
Net remeasurement 
of loss allowance (*)
New ﬁnancial assets 
originated or purchased
Financial assets derecognised 
during the period 
other than write oﬀ
Foreign exchange and 
other movement
Loss allowance as at 
31 December 2023
In KHR’000 equivalent
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
13,310 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 6,745 
 167,706 
 (11,755)
 41 
 176,047 
   
 719,152 
 13,310 
 
-   
 -   
 -   
 6,745 
 167,706 
 (11,755)
 41 
 176,047 
 719,152 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
(*)  Impact of the measurement of ECL due to changes in EAD and PD 
during the year arising from regular refreshing of inputs to models.
Expected credit losses
Loss allowance as at 
1 January 2022
Changes due to ﬁnancial 
instruments recognised 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
Net remeasurement 
of loss allowance (*)
New ﬁnancial assets 
originated or purchased
Financial assets derecognised 
during the period 
other than write oﬀ
Foreign exchange 
and other movement
Loss allowance as at 
31 December 2022
In KHR’000 equivalent
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
27,109
-
-
-
(1,062)
11,713
(24,121)
(329)
13,310
54,797
27,109
-
-
-
(1,062)
11,713
(24,121)
(329)
13,310
54,797
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
(*) Impact of the measurement of ECL due to changes in EAD and PD 
during the year arising from regular refreshing of inputs to models.
Gross carrying amount
Gross carrying amount 
as at 1 January 2022
Changes due to ﬁnancial 
instruments recognised 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
New ﬁnancial assets 
originated or purchased
Financial assets derecognised 
during the period 
other than write oﬀ
Gross carrying amount 
as at 31 December 2022
In KHR’000 equivalent
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
129,331,016 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
58,341,857 
 (124,162,831)
 63,510,042 
 261,470,843 
 
129,331,016 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 58,341,857 
 (124,162,831)
 63,510,042 
 261,470,843 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
130 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 131 ----
(*) Impact of the measurement of ECL due to changes in EAD and PD 
during the year arising from regular refreshing of inputs to models.
(iii) Expected credit loss reconciliation – credit commitments and ﬁnancial 
guarantee contracts
Expected credit losses
Loss allowance as at 
1 January 2023
Changes due to exposure 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
Net remeasurement 
of loss allowance (*)
New exposure
Exposure derecognised 
or expired
Foreign exchange 
and other movement
Loss allowance as at 
31 December 2023
In KHR’000 equivalent
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 18 
 -   
 -   
 
18 
 74 
 100,810 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 9,824 
 4,815 
 
(47,249)
 -   
 68,200 
 278,597 
 
100,810 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 9,824 
 4,833 
 (47,249)
 -   
 68,218 
 278,671 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
-   
 -   
 -   
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
(*) Impact of the measurement of ECL due to changes in EAD and PD 
during the year arising from regular refreshing of inputs to models.
Exposure amount
Exposure amount as at 
1 January 2023
Changes due to exposure 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
New exposure
Exposure derecognised 
or expired
Exposure amount as at 
31 December 2023
In KHR’000 equivalent
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 54,165 
 -   
 54,165 
 221,264 
 359,061,736 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 44,994,955 
 (30,775,463)
 
373,281,228 
   
 1,524,853,816 
 359,061,736 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 45,049,120 
 (30,775,463)
 373,335,393 
 1,525,075,080 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
 123,821 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 8,226 
 24,673 
 (55,893)
 (17)
 
100,810 
 415,035 
Expected credit losses
Loss allowance as at 
1 January 2022
Changes due to exposure 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
Net remeasurement 
of loss allowance (*)
New exposure
Exposure derecognised 
or expired
Foreign exchange  
and other movement
Loss allowance as at 
31 December 2022
In KHR’000 equivalent
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 
123,821 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 8,226 
 24,673 
 (55,893)
 (17)
 100,810 
 415,035 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
Exposure amount
Exposure amount as at 
1 January 2022
Changes due to exposure 
as at 1 January:
    Transfer to stage 1
    Transfer to stage 2
    Transfer to stage 3
New exposure
Exposure derecognised 
or expired
Exposure amount as at 
31 December 2022
In KHR’000 equivalent
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 331,081,084 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 51,156,510 
 (23,175,858)
 359,061,736 
 1,478,257,167 
 331,081,084 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 51,156,510 
 (23,175,858)
 359,061,736 
 1,478,257,167 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
Stage 2
US$
Lifetime ECL
not Credit-
Impaired
Stage 1
US$
12-month
ECL
US$
Total
Stage 3
US$
Lifetime ECL
Credit-
Impaired
131
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 132 ----
(g) Concentration of ﬁnancial assets with credit risk exposure
(i) Geographical sector
The following table breaks down the Bank’s main credit exposure at their gross carrying amount, as categorised by geographical region as at 
31 December 2023. For this table, the Bank has allocated exposure to countries based on the country of domicile of its counterparties.
(ii) Industry sector
The following table breaks down the Bank’s main credit exposure at their gross carrying amounts less impairment if any, as categorised by the industry  
sectors of its counterparties.
At 31 December 2023
On-balance sheet assets:
Deposits and placements with other banks
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Oﬀ-balance sheet assets:
Bank guarantees and letters of credits
Unused portion of overdrafts
Unused portion of credit cards
Term loan commitments
Gross carrying amount
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss 
Net carrying amount
In KHR’000 equivalents
At 31 December 2022
On-balance sheet assets:
Deposits and placements with other banks
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Oﬀ-balance sheet assets:
Bank guarantees and letters of credits
Unused portion of overdrafts
Unused portion of credit cards
Term loan commitments
Gross carrying amount
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss 
Net carrying amount
In KHR’000 equivalents
Total
257,453,372 
949,606,017 
1,561,001 
1,208,620,390 
277,283,323 
65,795,988 
12,366,196 
17,889,886 
373,335,393 
1,581,955,783 
(5,015,608)
1,576,940,175 
6,441,800,615 
63,510,042
1,024,237,899
934,309
1,088,682,250
266,846,645
67,581,494
11,545,053
13,088,544
359,061,736
1,447,743,986
(4,894,806)
1,442,849,180
5,940,210,074
US$
Others
8,137 
-   
113 
8,250 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
8,250 
(5)
8,245 
33,681 
9,058
-
192
9,250
-
-
-
-
-
9,250
(1)
9,249
38,078
US$
Indonesia
7,684 
-   
1,394 
9,078 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
9,078 
(5)
9,073 
37,063 
7,798
-
1,208
9,006
-
-
-
-
-
9,006
(2)
9,004
37,069
US$
Singapore
387,703 
-   
22,053 
409,756 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
409,756 
(265)
409,491 
1,672,771 
40,723
-
25,175
65,898
-
-
-
-
-
65,898
(9)
65,889
271,265
US$
USA
1,650,227 
-   
-   
1,650,227 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
1,650,227 
(1,129)
1,649,098 
6,736,565 
9,635,050
-
-
9,635,050
-
-
-
-
-
9,635,050
(2,020)
9,633,030
39,659,185
US$
Thailand
1,855,596 
-   
6,134 
1,861,730 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
1,861,730 
(1,269)
1,860,461 
7,599,983 
1,883,616
-
530
1,884,146
-
-
-
-
-
1,884,146
(395)
1,883,751
7,755,403
US$
Malaysia
6,048,525 
-   
118,841 
6,167,366 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
6,167,366 
(4,137)
6,163,229 
25,176,790 
30,676,487
-
32,525
30,709,012
-
-
-
-
-
30,709,012
(6,429)
30,702,583
126,402,534
US$
Cambodia
US$
247,495,500 
949,606,017 
1,412,466 
1,198,513,983 
277,283,323 
65,795,988 
12,366,196 
17,889,886 
373,335,393 
1,571,849,376 
(5,008,798)
1,566,840,578 
6,400,543,762 
21,257,310
1,024,237,899
874,679
1,046,369,888
266,846,645
67,581,494
11,545,053
13,088,544
359,061,736
1,405,431,624
(4,885,950)
1,400,545,674
5,766,046,540
132 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 133 ----
Financial institutions
Mortgage
Wholesale and retail
Import and export
Manufacturing
Finance, insurance, real estate 
and business services
Other non-ﬁnancial services
Construction
Transport, storage  
and communications
Electricity, gas and water
Agriculture
Others
Gross carrying amount
Less: Allowance for 
expected credit loss
Net carrying amount
In KHR’000 equivalents
20222023
Total
136,495,576
254,176,995
292,360,885
336,831,211
97,316,488
81,945,979
68,659,438
75,504,883
41,061,283
9,873,103
3,420,602
50,097,543
1,447,743,986
(4,894,806)
1,442,849,180
5,940,210,074
2,100,000
1,589,206
88,727,650
179,802,070
23,721,025
3,448,497
4,672,896
25,391,081
12,754,414
2,310,261
1,878,172
12,666,464
359,061,736
(100,810)
358,960,926
1,477,842,132
71,661
823,315
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
9,774
-
29,559
934,309
-
934,309
3,846,550
Loans and
advances at
amortised
cost
70,813,873
251,764,474
203,633,235
157,029,141
73,595,463
78,497,482
63,986,542
50,113,802
28,306,869
7,553,068
1,542,430
37,401,520
1,024,237,899
(4,780,686)
1,019,457,213
4,197,105,346
Total
312,662,376 
245,158,135 
269,917,565 
325,013,911 
102,105,160 
81,976,921 
43,091,938 
98,361,557 
41,924,892 
11,015,010 
2,534,562 
48,193,756 
1,581,955,783 
(5,015,608)
1,576,940,175 
6,441,800,614 
1,607,422 
1,189,671 
86,111,730 
188,329,754 
26,821,192 
2,035,362 
4,444,245 
40,797,536 
15,858,424 
1,094,534 
273,767 
4,771,756 
373,335,393 
(68,218)
373,267,175 
1,524,796,410 
Other
assets
540,247 
739,423 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
9,078 
-   
272,253 
1,561,001 
-   
1,561,001 
6,376,689 
Loans and
advances at
amortised
cost
Other
assets
Oﬀ-balance
sheet items
Oﬀ-balance
sheet items
US$US$US$US$
Deposits and
placements
with other
banks
63,510,042
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
63,510,042
(13,310)
63,496,732
261,416,046
US$US$US$US$US$
53,061,335 
243,229,041 
183,805,835 
136,684,157 
75,283,968 
79,941,559 
38,647,693 
57,564,021 
26,066,468 
9,911,398 
2,260,795 
43,149,747 
949,606,017 
(4,771,343)
944,834,674 
3,859,649,643 
Deposits and
placements
with other
banks
US$
257,453,372 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
257,453,372 
(176,047)
257,277,325 
1,050,977,872 
(h) Repossessed collateral
Repossessed collaterals are sold as soon as practicable. The Bank does not utilise the repossessed collaterals for its business use. The Bank did not 
obtain assets by taking possession of collateral held as security as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: nil).
(i) Sensitivity analysis
The Bank has performed ECL sensitivity assessment on loans, advances and ﬁnancing based on the changes in key macroeconomic variables. The 
sensitivity factors used are assumptions based on parallel shifts in the key variables to project the impact on the ECL of the Bank.
The key variables are the macroeconomic variables (MEVs) which have a relationship with observed default rate. In 2023, statistical tests show there 
is a relationship with consumer price index (2023: Gross domestic product)
The analysis is based on the 3-year moving average of consumer price index from 2021 to 2023 in which it resulted in changes of 1% (2022: 3-year 
moving average of gross domestic product from 2020 to 2022 in which it resulted in changes of 1%).
The table below outlines the eﬀect of ECL on the changes in key variables used while other variables remain constant:
Changes
Consumer price index +/-1%
Total decrease in ECL on the positive changes in key variables
Total increase in ECL on the negative changes in key variables
2023
US$ KHR’000
(60,740)
60,740
(14,869)
14,869
133
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 134 ----
7,031,955 
15,749,944 
15,894,228 
98,357,943 
454,078 
137,488,148 
17,342,053 
32,129,188 
-   
-   
-   
119,015 
49,590,256 
As at 31 December 2023
Financial assets
Cash on hand
Deposits and placements 
with the central bank
Deposits and placements 
with other banks
Loans and advances 
at amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Total ﬁnancial assets
Financial liabilities
Deposits from banks
Deposits from customers
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities
Other ﬁnancial liabilities
Total ﬁnancial liabilities
51,013,545 
82,095,552 
257,277,325 
944,834,674 
1,561,001 
1,336,782,097 
189,100,405 
994,615,728 
1,152,015 
47,405,592 
6,164,900 
8,763,455 
1,247,202,095 
-   
-   
2,151,705 
-   
106 
2,151,811 
-   
2,012,567 
-   
-   
-   
1,202 
2,013,769 
-   
-   
130,661 
-   
2,379 
133,040 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
324,688 
324,688 
-   
-   
158,272 
-   
8,411 
166,683 
-   
118,819 
-   
-   
-   
42,339 
161,158 
-   
-   
387,438 
-   
20,430 
407,868 
-   
199,497 
-   
-   
-   
132,235 
331,732 
-   
-   
626,711 
-   
8 
626,719 
-   
701,843 
-   
-   
-   
82,717 
784,560 
-   
-   
1,854,327 
-   
5,602 
1,859,929 
-   
2,222,538 
-   
-   
-   
200,712 
2,423,250 
TotalOthersMYRGBPSGD
In US$ equivalent
AUDTHBEURKHRUS$
43,981,590 
66,345,608 
234,226,491 
846,476,731 
1,069,959 
1,192,100,379 
171,758,352 
956,283,031 
1,152,015 
47,405,592 
6,164,900 
7,554,424 
1,190,318,314 
-   
-   
1,847,492 
-   
28 
1,847,520 
-   
948,245 
-   
-   
-   
306,123 
1,254,368 
Changes
Gross domestic product +/-1%
Total decrease in ECL on the positive changes in key variables
Total increase in ECL on the negative changes in key variables
2022
US$ KHR’000
(2,236,052)
2,236,052
(543,127)
543,127
35.2 Market risk
The Bank takes exposure to market risk, which is the risk that the fair value or future cash ﬂow of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate because 
of changes in market prices. Market risk arises from open positions in interest rates, currency and equity products, all of which are exposed to 
general and speciﬁc market movements and changes in the level of volatility of market rates or prices such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign 
exchange rates and equity prices.
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank did not use derivative ﬁnancial instruments such as foreign exchange contracts and interest rate swaps to 
hedge its risk exposure.
(i) Foreign exchange risk
The Bank operates in Cambodia and transacts in many currencies, and is exposed to various currency risks, mainly with respect to Khmer Riel 
and Australian Dollar.
Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not 
the Bank’s functional currency.
Management monitors foreign exchange risk against the Bank’s functional currency. However, the Bank does not hedge its foreign exchange risk 
exposure arising from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities using forward contracts.
The Bank’s policy is to maintain foreign currency exposure within acceptable limits and within existing regulatory guidelines.
The table below summarises the Bank’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk. Included in the table are the Bank’s ﬁnancial instruments 
at their net carrying amounts by currency in US$ equivalent.
134 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 135 ----
1,782,065 
7,279,734 
277,221,985 
65,020,168 
12,366,196 
17,665,147 
372,273,496 
1,520,737,230 
47,411,759
96,871,898
53,545,937
915,994,328
912,325
1,114,736,247
211,942,015
759,109,969
16,720,905
47,405,592
7,935,261
9,914,537
1,053,028,279
61,707,968
254,051,707
266,761,830
67,048,190
11,545,053
12,983,229
358,338,302
1,475,278,789
87,897,892 
359,062,889 
-   
775,820 
-   
217,859 
993,679 
4,059,179 
6,162,855
24,034,202
3,324,063
103,462,885
(15,415)
136,968,590
12,945,632
66,541,310
5,017,989
-
-
495,407
85,000,338
51,968,252
213,953,293
-
533,304
-
89,320
622,624
2,563,343
Net on-balance 
sheet position
In KHR’000 equivalents
Oﬀ-balance sheet items
Bank guarantees 
and letters of credits
Unused portion 
of overdrafts
Unused portion 
of credit cards
Term loan commitments
In KHR’000 equivalents
As at 31 December 2022
Financial assets
Cash on hand
Deposits and placements 
with the central bank
Deposits and placements 
with other banks
Loans and advances 
at amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Total ﬁnancial assets
Financial liabilities
Deposits from banks
Deposits from customers
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities
Other ﬁnancial liabilities
Total ﬁnancial liabilities
Net on-balance 
sheet position
In KHR’000 equivalents
Oﬀ-balance sheet items
Bank guarantees 
and letters of credits
Unused portion 
of overdrafts
Unused portion 
of credit cards
Term loan commitments
In KHR’000 equivalents
89,580,002 
365,934,309 
277,221,985 
65,795,988 
12,366,196 
17,883,006 
373,267,175 
1,524,796,409 
53,574,614
120,906,100
63,496,732
1,019,457,213
934,309
1,258,368,968
224,907,872
847,725,348
21,738,894
47,405,592
7,935,261
10,942,901
1,160,655,868
97,713,100
402,284,834
266,761,830
67,581,494
11,545,053
13,072,549
358,960,926
1,477,842,132
138,042 
563,902 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-
-
948,302
-
193
948,495
-
840,233
-
-
-
50,070
890,303
58,192
239,576
-
-
-
-
-
-
(191,648)
(782,882)
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-
-
69,398
-
-
69,398
-
-
-
-
-
320,237
320,237
(250,839)
(1,032,704)
-
-
-
-
-
-
5,525 
22,570 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-
-
199,685
-
7,903
207,588
-
201,494
-
-
-
1,382
202,876
4,712
19,399
-
-
-
-
-
-
76,136 
311,016 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-
-
40,837
-
23,552
64,389
-
129,262
-
-
-
33,973
163,235
(98,846)
(406,949)
-
-
-
-
-
-
(157,841)
(644,780)
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-
-
11,698
-
-
11,698
-
15,968,940
-
-
-
77,089
16,046,029
(16,034,331)
(66,013,341)
-
-
-
-
-
-
(563,321)
(2,301,166)
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-
-
1,883,256
-
-
1,883,256
1,070
2,053,133
-
-
-
1,107
2,055,310
(172,054)
(708,346)
-
-
-
-
-
-
593,152 
2,423,026 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-
-
3,473,556
-
5,751
3,479,307
19,155
2,881,007
-
-
-
49,099
2,949,261
530,046
2,182,199
-
-
-
-
-
-
TotalOthersMYRGBPSGD
In US$ equivalent
AUDTHBEURKHRUS$
135
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 136 ----
Asset/(Liability)
Khmer Riel (KHR)
Euro (EUR)
Thai Baht (THB)
Australian Dollar (AUD)
Singapore Dollar (SGD)
Great Britain Pound (GBP)
Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)
Others
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
213,953,293
2,182,199
(708,346)
(66,013,341)
(406,949)
19,399
(1,032,704)
239,576
148,233,127
51,968,252
530,046
(172,054)
(16,034,331)
(98,846)
4,712
(250,839)
58,192
36,005,132
 359,062,889 
 2,423,026 
 (2,301,166)
 (644,780)
 311,016 
 22,570 
 (782,882)
 563,902 
 358,654,575 
 87,897,892 
 593,152 
 (563,321)
 (157,841)
 76,136 
 5,525 
 (191,648)
 138,042 
 87,797,937 
Sensitivity analysis
The Bank takes on exposure to the eﬀects of ﬂuctuations in the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates on their ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows. 
The table below sets out the principal structure of foreign exchange exposures of the Bank:
As shown in the table above, the Bank is primarily exposed to changes in US$/KHR exchange rates. The sensitivity of proﬁt or loss to changes 
in exchange rates arises mainly from KHR denominated ﬁnancial instruments.
The analysis below is based on the assumption that the KHR exchange rate has increased or decreased by 1% which is set based on the 3-year 
moving average of the exchange rate from 2021 to 2023 and using 1% as the basis to assess the sensitivity analysis for other currencies.
An analysis of the exposures to assess the impact of 1% change in the foreign currency exchange rates to the proﬁt after tax are as follows:
Increase/(Decrease)
-1%
Khmer Riel (KHR)
Australian Dollar (AUD)
Other currencies
Increase/(Decrease)
+1%
Khmer Riel (KHR)
Australian Dollar (AUD)
Other currencies
 1,728,914 
 (533,440)
2,371 
 1,197,845 
 (1,694,681)
 522,880 
(2,322)
 (1,174,123)
 419,945 
 (129,570)
576 
 290,951 
 (411,630)
 127,005 
(564)
 (285,189)
 2,901,514 
 (5,208)
 1,911 
 2,898,217 
 (2,844,059)
 5,106 
 (1,875)
 (2,840,828)
 710,285 
 (1,275)
 468 
 709,478 
 (696,220)
 1,250 
 (459)
 (695,429)
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
136 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 137 ----
51,013,545 
82,095,552 
257,277,325 
944,834,674 
1,561,001 
1,336,782,097 
189,100,405 
994,615,728 
1,152,015 
47,405,592 
6,164,900 
8,763,455 
1,247,202,095 
89,580,002 
365,934,309 
277,221,985 
65,795,988 
12,366,196 
17,883,006 
373,267,175 
1,524,796,410 
-   
7,804,334 
-   
134,580,279 
-   
142,384,613 
73,929,444 
468,547,551 
276,704 
86,918 
1,184,312 
-   
544,024,929 
(401,640,316)
(1,640,700,691)
271,475,205 
-   
-   
14,075,302 
285,550,507 
1,166,473,821 
-   
-   
222,021,559 
19,529,868 
-   
241,551,427 
65,471,958 
361,669,648 
9,294 
-   
129,139 
-   
427,280,039 
(185,728,612)
(758,701,380)
2,053,878 
65,795,988 
12,366,196 
-   
80,216,062 
327,682,613 
-   
-   
-   
280,119,229 
-   
280,119,229 
-   
-   
784,844 
-   
3,971,978 
-   
4,756,822 
275,362,407 
1,124,855,433 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
As at 31 December 2023
Financial assets
Cash on hand
Deposits and placements with the central bank
Deposits and placements with other banks
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Total ﬁnancial assets
Financial liabilities
Deposits from banks
Deposits from customers
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities
Other ﬁnancial liabilities
Total interest rate repricing gap
In KHR’000 equivalent
Oﬀ-balance sheet items
Bank guarantees and letters of credits
Unused portion of overdrafts
Unused portion of credit cards
Term loan commitments
In KHR’000 equivalent
51,013,545 
74,291,218 
10,165,540 
-   
1,561,001 
137,031,304 
609,158 
75,220,480 
-   
-   
-   
8,763,455 
84,593,093 
52,438,211 
214,210,092 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
440,047,692 
-   
440,047,692 
-   
-   
23,793 
47,000,000 
619,878 
-   
47,643,671 
392,404,021 
1,602,970,426 
-   
-   
-   
3,807,704 
3,807,704 
15,554,471 
-   
-   
25,090,226 
70,557,606 
-   
95,647,832 
49,089,845 
89,178,049 
57,380 
318,674 
259,593 
-   
138,903,541 
(43,255,709)
(176,699,571)
3,692,902 
-   
-   
-   
3,692,902 
15,085,505 
Total
US$
Non-interest
rate sensitive
US$
 Over 5 years
US$
 1 to 5 years
US$
3 to 12 months
US$
 1 to 3 months
US$
 Up to 1 month
US$
(ii) Price risk
The Bank is not exposed to a securities price risk because it does not have any investment held and classiﬁed on the statement of ﬁnancial position 
at fair value.
(iii) Interest rate risk
Cash ﬂow interest rate risk is the risk that the future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate because of changes in market interest rates. 
Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate because of changes in market interest rates. Interest 
margins may increase as a result of changes but may reduce losses in the event that unexpected movements arise. 
 
The Bank’s main interest rate risk arises from borrowings with variable rate which exposes the Bank to cash ﬂow interest rate risk. The Bank does 
not have fair value interest rate risk as the interest rates of ﬁnancial instruments measured at amortised cost are similar to prevailing market rates.
The management of the Bank at this stage does not have a policy to set limits on the level of mismatch of interest rate repricing that may be 
undertaken; however, the management regularly monitors the mismatch. In addition, the management regularly analyses and foresees the 
expected changes in the interest rates and manages cash ﬂow interest rate risk by assessing its impacts and developed actions to respond to 
the interest rate risk.
The table below summarises the Bank’s exposure to interest rate risks. It includes the Bank’s ﬁnancial instruments at net carrying amounts, 
categorised by the earlier of contractual repricing or maturity dates.
137
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 138 ----
-
23,835,720
43,596,824
17,261,181
-
84,693,725
39,198,052
378,229,837
1,034,096
-
152,320
-
418,614,305
(333,920,580)
(1,374,751,028)
1,341,974
67,581,494
11,545,053
-
80,468,521
331,288,901
As at 31 December 2022
Financial assets
Cash on hand
Deposits and placements with the central bank
Deposits and placements with other banks
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Total ﬁnancial assets
Financial liabilities
Deposits from banks
Deposits from customers
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities
Other ﬁnancial liabilities
Total interest rate repricing gap
In KHR’000 equivalent
Oﬀ-balance sheet items
Bank guarantees and letters of credits
Unused portion of overdrafts
Unused portion of credit cards
Term loan commitments
In KHR’000 equivalent
53,574,614
120,906,100
63,496,732
1,019,457,213
934,309
1,258,368,968
224,907,872
847,725,348
21,738,894
47,405,592
7,935,261
10,942,901
1,160,655,868
97,713,100
402,284,834
266,761,830
67,581,494
11,545,053
13,072,549
358,960,926
1,477,842,132
53,574,614
92,776,130
5,406,260
-
934,309
152,691,313
689,463
88,440,871
-
-
-
10,942,901
100,073,235
52,618,078
216,628,630
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
482,248,274
-
482,248,274
-
-
107,174
47,000,000
908,183
-
48,015,357
434,232,917
1,787,736,919
-
-
-
6,245,513
6,245,513
25,712,777
-
-
-
325,819,777
-
325,819,777
-
-
16,077,881
-
5,229,106
-
21,306,987
304,512,790
1,253,679,156
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
3,185,343
-
134,062,714
-
137,248,057
110,733,871
305,640,869
3,465,003
86,918
1,340,982
-
421,267,643
(284,019,586)
(1,169,308,636)
262,265,308
-
-
6,827,036
269,092,344
1,107,853,180
-
1,108,907
14,493,648
60,065,267
-
75,667,822
74,286,486
75,413,771
1,054,740
318,674
304,670
-
151,378,341
(75,710,519)
(311,700,207)
3,154,548
-
-
-
3,154,548
12,987,274
Total
US$
Non-interest
rate sensitive
US$
 Over 5 years
US$
 1 to 5 years
US$
3 to 12 months
US$
 1 to 3 months
US$
 Up to 1 month
US$
Sensitivity analysis
The interest rate sensitivity shows the impact on proﬁt after tax and equity of ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities bearing ﬂoating interest rates 
and ﬁxed rate ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities carried at fair value.
Proﬁt or loss is sensitive to higher/lower interest expense as a result of changes in interest rates. As of 31 December 2023, the Bank has no 
interest-bearing ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities that are contracted under ﬂoating interest rate (2022: US$15 million). 
The table below outlines the impact on post tax proﬁt on the changes in interest rates of borrowings:
Impact on post tax proﬁt
Interest rate increased by 1%
Interest rate decreased by 1%
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
(490,440)
490,440
(120,000)
120,000
 - 
-
 - 
 -
138 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 139 ----
35.3 Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is unable to meet its payment obligations associated with its ﬁnancial liabilities when they fall due and to replace 
funds when they are withdrawn. The consequence of this may be the failure to meet obligations to repay depositors and fulﬁl commitments to lend.
(a) Liquidity risk management process
The Bank’s management monitors balance sheet liquidity and manages the concentration and proﬁle of debt maturities. Monitoring and reporting 
take the form of the daily cash position and project for the next day, week and month respectively, as these are key periods for liquidity management. 
The management monitors the movement of the main depositors and projection of their withdrawals.
(b) Funding approach
The Bank’s main sources of liquidities arise from shareholder’s paid-up capital, borrowings, subordinated debts and deposits from banks and 
customers. The sources of liquidity are regularly reviewed daily through management’s review of maturity of term deposits and key depositors.
(c) Non-derivative cash ﬂows
The table below presents the cash ﬂows payable by the Bank under non-derivative ﬁnancial liabilities based on remaining contractual maturities at 
the balance sheet date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash ﬂows, whereas the Bank manages the inherent 
liquidity risk based on expected undiscounted cash ﬂows.
As at 31 December 2023
Financial assets
Cash on hand
Deposits and placements with the central bank
Deposits and placements with other banks
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Total ﬁnancial assets
Financial liabilities
Deposits from banks
Deposits from customers
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities
Other ﬁnancial liabilities
Total ﬁnancial liabilities
Net ﬁnancial (liabilities)/assets
In KHR’000 equivalent
Oﬀ-balance sheet items
Bank guarantees and letters of credits
Unused portion of overdrafts
Unused portion of credit cards
Term loan commitments
In KHR’000 equivalent
51,013,545 
82,142,002 
257,731,947 
1,233,856,097 
1,561,001 
1,626,304,592 
193,477,646 
1,014,568,200 
1,213,118 
58,100,100 
6,729,408 
8,763,455 
1,282,851,927 
343,452,665 
1,403,004,136 
277,283,323 
65,795,988 
12,366,196 
17,889,886 
373,335,393 
1,525,075,080 
-   
-   
-   
293,633,759 
-   
293,633,759 
-   
-   
23,979 
50,442,344 
746,666 
-   
51,212,989 
242,420,770 
990,288,845 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
482,398,742 
1,020,051 
483,418,793 
-   
-   
820,829 
5,836,028 
4,188,417 
-   
10,845,274 
472,573,519 
1,930,462,825 
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
7,850,784 
-   
296,792,729 
112,277 
304,755,790 
77,803,055 
487,656,063 
296,603 
1,251,771 
1,344,286 
1,703,108 
570,054,886 
(265,299,096)
(1,083,746,807)
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
25,285,137 
101,896,689 
-   
127,181,826 
49,520,473 
89,932,334 
62,199 
569,957 
300,026 
49,374 
140,434,363 
(13,252,537)
(54,136,614)
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
-   
51,013,545 
74,291,218 
232,446,810 
59,134,178 
428,673 
417,314,424 
66,154,118 
436,979,803 
9,508 
-   
150,013 
7,010,973 
510,304,415 
(92,989,991)
(379,864,113)
277,283,323 
65,795,988 
12,366,196 
17,889,886 
373,335,393 
1,525,075,080 
Total
US$
Over 5 years
US$
1 to 5 years
US$
3 to 12 months
US$
1 to 3 months
US$
Up to 1 month
US$
139
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 140 ----
As at 31 December 2022
Financial assets
Cash on hand
Deposits and placements with the central bank
Deposits and placements with other banks
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Other ﬁnancial assets
Total ﬁnancial assets
Financial liabilities
Deposits from banks
Deposits from customers
Borrowings
Subordinated debts
Lease liabilities
Other ﬁnancial liabilities
Total ﬁnancial liabilities
Net ﬁnancial (liabilities)/assets
In KHR’000 equivalent
Oﬀ-balance sheet items
Bank guarantees and letters of credits
Unused portion of overdrafts
Unused portion of credit cards
Term loan commitments
In KHR’000 equivalent
53,574,614
120,970,894
63,654,005
1,330,583,940
934,309
1,569,717,762
229,019,808
859,730,669
24,750,156
59,911,901
8,808,022
10,942,901
1,193,163,457
376,554,305
1,550,274,074
266,846,645
67,581,494
11,545,053
13,088,544
359,061,736
1,478,257,167
-
-
-
319,092,084
-
319,092,084
-
-
109,272
50,442,344
968,889
-
51,520,505
267,571,579
1,101,592,191
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
546,236,476
868,764
547,105,240
-
-
18,021,430
7,652,792
5,752,716
-
31,426,938
515,678,302
2,123,047,569
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
3,225,785
-
312,323,237
16,116
315,565,138
114,237,157
317,022,417
4,579,739
1,249,922
1,550,365
1,758,641
440,398,241
(124,833,103)
(513,937,885)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1,114,174
14,632,376
110,581,139
-
126,327,689
74,818,966
75,903,237
1,054,508
566,843
356,861
10,965
152,711,380
(26,383,691)
(108,621,656)
-
-
-
-
-
-
53,574,614
116,630,935
49,021,629
42,351,004
49,429
261,627,611
39,963,685
466,805,015
985,207
-
179,191
9,173,295
517,106,393
(255,478,782)
(1,051,806,145)
266,846,645
67,581,494
11,545,053
13,088,544
359,061,736
1,478,257,167
Total
US$
Over 5 years
US$
1 to 5 years
US$
3 to 12 months
US$
1 to 3 months
US$
Up to 1 month
US$
35.4 Fair value of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities
(a) Financial instruments measured at fair value 
The Bank did not have ﬁnancial instruments measured at fair value.
(b) Financial instruments not measured at fair value 
As at the balance sheet date, the fair values of ﬁnancial instruments of the Bank approximate their carrying amounts.
The estimated fair values are based on the following methodologies and assumptions:
i. Deposits and placements with the central bank and other banks
The carrying amounts of deposits and placements with the central bank and other banks approximate their fair values, since these accounts consist 
mostly of current, savings and short-term deposits. 
140 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 141 ----
ii. Loans and advances to customers
For ﬁxed rate loans with a remaining period to maturity of less than one year, the carrying amounts are generally reasonable estimates of their fair 
values.
For ﬁxed rate loans with remaining period to maturity of one year and above, fair values are estimated by discounting the estimated future cash ﬂows 
using a current lending rate as the prevailing market rates of loans with similar credit risks and maturities have been assessed as insigniﬁcantly 
diﬀerent to the contractual lending rates. As a result, the fair value of non-current loans and advances to customers might approximate their carrying 
value as at reporting date. 
iii. Deposits from banks and customers
The fair value of deposits from banks and customers with maturities of less than one year approximate their carrying amount due to the relatively 
short maturity of these instruments. The fair value of deposits from banks and customers with remaining maturities of more than one year are 
expected to approximate their carrying amount due to the Bank oﬀering a similar interest rate of the instrument with similar maturities and terms.
The estimated fair value of deposits with no stated maturities, which includes non-interest bearing deposits, deposits payable on demand is the 
amount payable at the reporting date.
iv. Other ﬁnancial assets and other ﬁnancial liabilities
The carrying amounts of other ﬁnancial assets and other ﬁnancial liabilities are assumed to approximate their fair values as these items are not 
materially sensitive to the shift in market interest rates.
v. Borrowings and subordinated debts
Borrowings and subordinated debts are not quoted in the active market and their fair value approximates their carrying amount because the 
interest rate is similar to the prevailing market rate.
35.5 Capital management
The Bank’s objectives when managing capital, which is a broader concept than the ‘equity’ shown on the balance sheet, are:
• to comply with the capital requirement set by the central bank;
• to safeguard the Bank’s ability to continue as a going concern so that it can continue to provide a return for shareholders and beneﬁts for other 
stakeholders; and
• to maintain a strong capital base to support business development.
The central bank requires all commercial banks to i) hold the minimum capital requirement, ii) maintain the Bank’s net worth at least equal to 
the minimum capital and iii) comply with solvency and liquidity coverage ratios. 
The table below summarises the composition of regulatory capital:
Tier 1 capital
Share capital
Reserves
Retained earnings
Less: Intangible assets
Less: Loans to related parties
Tier 2 complementary capital
General provision
Subordinated debts
 308,775,000 
 104,983,500 
  98,440,447
 (6,955,297)
 (11,227,294)
  494,016,356 
 48,499,656 
 193,499,000 
 241,998,656 
  736,015,012 
 75,000,000 
 25,500,000 
 23,910,723 
 (1,689,409)
 (2,727,057)
 119,994,257 
 11,780,339 
 47,000,000 
 58,780,339 
 178,774,596 
 306,375,000 
 171,570,000 
 180,877,219 
 (4,793,752)
 (11,431,864)
 642,596,603 
 52,775,610 
 191,995,000 
 244,770,610 
 887,367,213 
 75,000,000 
 42,000,000 
 44,278,389 
 (1,173,501)
 (2,798,498)
 157,306,390 
 12,919,366 
 47,000,000 
 59,919,366 
 217,225,756 
2022
US$ KHR’000
2023
US$ KHR’000
141
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

---- Page 142 ----
I, the undersigned, being the Executive Director/Chief Executive Oﬃcer of CIMB Bank PLC, do hereby state that in my opinion, the accompanying 
supplementary ﬁnancial information consisting of the disclosure requirements set by the relevant Prakas of the National Bank of Cambodia, is proper-
ly drawn up so as to reﬂect fairly the required ﬁnancial information of the Bank as at 31 December 2023. Information and data contained herein are 
the responsibility of the Bank’s management. This supplementary ﬁnancial information and the ﬁnancial statements are consistent with one another, 
and this information does not contain any material misstatements.
Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.
            
___________________________________________
Mr. Bun Yin
Executive Director / Chief Executive Oﬃcer      
Phnom Penh, Kingdom of Cambodia
28 March 2024
SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED 
BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS
142 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 143 ----
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank’s Liquidity Coverage Ratio was 
214.73%.
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio calculation is detailed in Schedule 1.
This note does not form part of the audited ﬁnancial statements.
The Bank shall calculate Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) using new 
reporting template from 1 January 2016 via a phase-in period until 
fully comply by 1 January 2020. The Bank shall, at all time, maintain 
an adequate stock of eligible liquid assets to fulﬁl the LCR limits as 
determined in accordance with the following timeline:
1.  LIQUIDITY COVERAGE RATIO, PRAKAS 
NO. B7-015-349 AND CIRCULAR NO. B7-020-003 C.L
2. MINIMUM REGISTERED CAPITAL REQUIREMENT, 
PRAKAS NO. B7-016-117
3. NET WORTH, PRAKAS NO. B7-010-182
The Bank’s Net Worth as at 31 December 2023 amounted to 
US$217,225,756 as computed in Schedule 2.
Banks must maintain their net worth at least equal to the minimum 
capital. As at 31 December 2023, the Bank’s net worth of 
US$217,225,756 was higher by US$142,225,756 compared to the 
minimum capital of US$75,000,000. 
The Net Worth calculation is detailed in Schedule 2. 
The Central Bank’s Prakas No. B7-016-117 on the minimum registered 
capital of banks and ﬁnancial institutions requires the commercial banks 
established under the foreign branch banks that have the parent 
company with the investment rating scaled by a reputable rating agency 
must have minimum capital equal to at least KHR200 billion (or US$50 
million) and commercial banks incorporated as locally companies or 
as the subsidiaries of foreign banks must have minimum capital of at 
least KHR300 billion (or US$75 million) within two years, starting from 
signing date 22 March 2016. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank had paid-up statutory capital of 
US$75,000,000 which meet the minimum registered capital requirement. 
1 Sep
2016
1 Sep
2017
1 Sep
2018
1 Jun
2019
1 Jan
2020
Minimum LCR 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
Eﬀect from
4. SOLVENCY RATIO, PRAKAS NO. B7-00-46, 
B7-04-206, AND B7-07-135
Banks are required to maintain a Solvency Ratio of at least 15%.
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank maintained a Solvency Ratio of 
19.33% of net worth as a percentage of its risk-weighted assets and 
oﬀ-balance sheet items.
The Solvency Ratio calculation is detailed in Schedule 3.
5. FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS, 
PRAKAS NO. B7-00-50
6. NET OPEN POSITION IN FOREIGN CURRENCY, 
PRAKAS NO. B7-07-134 AND LETTER NO. B7-020-868
The Bank transacts its business primarily in United States Dollars (US$) 
and maintains its books of accounts in US$. Accordingly, all currencies 
other than US$ are considered as foreign currencies.
Balance sheet items
As at 31 December 2023, in accordance with Prakas No. B7-00-50, all 
assets and liabilities of the Bank that were denominated in foreign 
currencies were translated using the year end exchange rate.
Oﬀ-balance sheet items
The Bank is required to record oﬀ-balance sheet items from the capital 
commitments arising from purchases and sales of foreign currencies 
relating to spot transactions (with a completion period of two days) 
and forward foreign exchange transactions. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank did not have commitments of this 
nature for forward foreign exchange transactions, and the Bank was 
in compliance with this Prakas.
Banks are required, under the conditions of the above Prakas, to 
maintain their net open position in foreign currencies in either any 
foreign currency or overall net open position in all foreign currencies, 
whether long or short, shall not exceed twenty percent (20%) of Banks’ 
net worth, except for Khmer Riel and US Dollar.
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank did not have net open position in 
foreign currencies exceeding 20% of the Bank’s net worth as detailed 
in Schedule 5.
The central bank’s circular B7-021-2314 on classiﬁcation and provisioning 
requirement on restructured loan dated 28 December 2021 (implemented 
from 1 January 2022) requires the ﬁnancial institutions to classify and 
make provision on the restructured loan into three groups of viable, 
need more restructuring, and non-viable. Each group is classiﬁed into 
ﬁve classiﬁcations with the minimum level of provision accordingly.
The Central Bank’s circular B7-023-001 dated 23 November 2023 on 
restructuring loans for tourism in Siem Reap province to allow banks 
and ﬁnancial institutions to restructure their tourism-related loans in 
Siem Reap province. The ﬁnancial institutions can restructure loan two 
times, starting from the eﬀective date of this circular until the end of 
December 2024. The ﬁnancial institutions can maintain same loan 
classiﬁcation as before restructuring and do not require to make 
additional provisions. 
CLASSIFICATION OF AND PROVISIONING FOR 
LOSSES ON FINANCIAL FACILITIES, PRAKAS NO. 
B7-017-344 AND CIRCULAR NO. B7-018-001, 
CIRCULAR NO. B7-021-2314, AND CIRCULAR NO. 
B7-023-001 
143
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA

---- Page 144 ----
After loan restructuring, if the institutions found that the status of 
ﬁnancial hardship and repayments diﬃculties of the restructured 
customers was not temporary, the institutions shall immediately 
downgrade loan classiﬁcation and provide additional provisions for 
the restructured loan. 
The institutions can apply for upgrading loan classiﬁcation based on 
assessing the repayment capacity of customer for the next six-month 
for long-term loans ( next 3 months for short-term loans) after the last 
grace period (end of December 2024) in accordance with the Prakas 
B7-017-344 on Credit Risk Grading and Impairment Provisioning.
As at 31 December 2023, there is no restructuring loan for tourism in 
Siem Reap province.
The amount of the provision for impairment losses on ﬁnancial facilities 
determined as at 31 December 2023 is in accordance with the 
requirements of this Prakas and Circulars. 
The details of the computation of the required ﬁnancial facilities 
provision are provided in Schedule 4.
Banks are required, under the conditions of the above Prakas, to 
maintain at all times a maximum ratio of 20% between their overall 
exposure resulting from their operations with each individual beneﬁciary 
and their net worth and the aggregate individual large credit exposure 
must not be more than 300% of the Bank’s net worth.
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank had no large exposure with a single 
beneﬁciary where such exposure exceeded 20% and 300% as aggregate 
of individual large credit exposure of the net worth as computed in 
Schedule 2.
For large exposure to net worth, please refer to Schedule 7, ratio 20 
on other ratio computations.
The Bank is required to maintain total weighted outstanding of loans 
to related parties to be not more than 10% of the Bank’s net worth.
As at 31 December 2023, loans to related party’s exposure did not 
exceed 10% of the net worth as computed in Schedule 2.
For loans to related parties to net worth, please refer to Schedule 7, 
ratio 19 on other ratio computations.
Fixed assets acquired by banks for operational purposes shall be less 
than 30% of total bank’s net worth as deﬁned in Prakas B7-010-182. 
Fixed assets with no direct link to operating the Bank shall be sold not 
later than one year after the date they became property of the Bank.
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank’s ﬁxed assets amounting to 
US$7,631,104 (including intangible assets of US$1,535,693) was 
equivalent to 3.51% of the Bank’s net worth.
The Bank is required to have its loans in national currency at least 10% 
of the total loan portfolio based on the Prakas N.B7-016-334 issued on 
1 December 2016 which shall be fully implemented by 31 December 2019. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank’s loans in national currency (Khmer 
Riel) amounting to US$102,543,432 which was equivalent to 10.72% 
of the Bank’s total loan portfolio.
8. LARGE CREDIT EXPOSURES, PRAKAS NO. B7-06-226 
9. LOANS TO RELATED PARTIES, PRAKAS NO. 
B7-02-146
10. FIXED ASSETS, PRAKAS NO. B7-01-186
11. PREPAID RENTAL AND LEASE, PRAKAS NO. 
B7-04-037
12. DETERMINATION OF CAPITAL BUFFER OF BANKS 
AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, PRAKAS NO. 
B7-018-068, CIRCULAR NO. B7-020-002 C.L, LETTER 
NO. B7-020-622, AND LETTER NO. B7-023-2621
13. PROVISION OF CREDIT IN NATIONAL CURRENCY 
OF BANKING AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, 
PRAKAS NO. B7-016-334
The Central Bank issued Prakas No. B7-04-037 on 9 March 2004 which 
stipulates that banks are only allowed to lease properties if these 
are directly related to its banking operations. Moreover, this Prakas 
stipulates that prepaid rental or lease should not exceed one year of the 
rental or lease term. In addition, rental with related parties is required to 
be reported as part of the loans and advances to related parties in a 
bank's quarterly related parties transactions and balances declaration 
with the Central Bank. In the event that a bank has prepaid rental or 
lease of more than one year, the bank should be in compliance with the 
provisions of this Prakas within six months after 9 March 2004 and 
thereafter, the prepaid rental or lease of more than one year shall be 
deducted in calculating the bank’s net worth.
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank’s rents were for its operations and 
rental prepayment did not exceed one year rent.
The Central Bank issued Prakas No. B7-018-068 on 22 February 2018 
with aims at:
• Strengthening capital base to settle any loss which may arise from 
risk of institution;
• Preventing the decrease of capital to that lower than minimum 
capital; and 
• Reducing risk deriving from relationship between ﬁnancial sector 
and pro-cyclicality
The Bank is required to build up capital conservation buﬀer by 1.25% 
and 2.50% from 01 January 2019 and from 01 January 2020 respectively 
in addition to minimum tier 1 capital. Following the Letter No. 
B7-020-622 dated 13 April 2020, the capital buﬀer is reduced back 
to 1.25%. 
On 23 November 2023, The Central Bank issued Letter No. B7-023-2621 
to allow banks and ﬁnancial institutions to maintain a capital conservation 
buﬀer at 1.25% until 31 December 2024.
Distribution of annual proﬁt shall be prohibited when tier capital 1 ratio 
(MCR1) of institution is under any quartile of capital conservation buﬀer 
as stipulated in article 11 of the present Prakas. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank’s capital buﬀer is 11.83% which 
is already exceed the required capital conservation buﬀer of 1.25%. 
Please refer to Schedule 6 for details.
144 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 145 ----
Notes and coins
Reserves requirement 
with the NBC > minimum 
reserve requirement
Reserves requirement 
with the NBC in KHR
Reserves requirement 
with the NBC in USD
Amounts deposited at the 
NBC excluding settlement 
account and capital 
guarantee account
NCDs (and any other securities) 
issued by the NBC
Market value of unencumbered 
marketable debt securities on 
or guaranteed by sovereigns 
and central banks, with rating 
comprised between AAA and 
AA- included BIS, IMF, ECB, EU, 
and MDBs when rated AAA
Total 1 = Σ (1.11 ; 1.17)
Market value of unencumbered 
marketable debt securities on 
or guaranteed by sovereigns 
and central banks, with 
rating between A+ and A-
Market value of unencumbered 
marketable debt securities on 
or guaranteed by Public Sector 
Entities (PSEs) and MDBs not 
included in 1.17 with rating 
higher or equal to A-
Unencumbered eligible 
debt securities (including 
commercial paper) and 
covered bonds, with rating 
higher or equal to AA-
Gold  for own account
Total 2 = Minimum [OLA ; 
40% (HQLA+OLA)]
Total 3 = Total 1 + Total 2
51,013,545
-
2,739,547
65,556,400
54,058,287
-
-
173,367,779
-
-
-
-
-
173,367,779
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
43,981,591
-
-
65,556,400
47,378,773
-
-
156,916,764
-
-
-
-
-
156,916,764
7,031,954
-
2,739,547
-
6,679,514
-
-
16,451,015
-
-
-
-
-
16,451,015
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
43,981,591
-
-
93,652,000
47,378,773
-
-
185,012,364
-
-
-
-
-
185,012,364
7,031,954
-
2,739,547
-
6,679,514
-
-
16,451,015
-
-
-
-
-
16,451,015
1.11
1.12
1.13
1.14
1.15
1.16
1.17
1.21
 
1.22
1.23
1.24
1
1
1
0.7
1
1
1
0.85
 
0.85
0.85
0.75
HQLA
OLA
Total assets
Weighted amounts TotalNon weighted amountsin US$
Other
currenciesUS$KHRASSETS
Other
currenciesUS$KHR
SCHEDULE 1
LIQUIDITY COVERAGE RATIO 
UNAUDITED AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
145
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA

---- Page 146 ----
Retail cash outﬂows 
(regardless of amount) and 
qualifying SME deposits (less 
than or equal to USD 100,000 
or equivalent)
Stable deposits
Less stable deposits
Unsecured wholesale funding
operational deposits (unsecured 
funding generated by 
clearing, custody and cash 
management activities)
non-operational deposits 
from non-ﬁnancial corp.
not qualifying for reporting 
in 2.11  to  2.12
non-operational deposits 
from sovereigns, 
central banks, and PSEs 
non-operational deposits from 
banks and ﬁnancial institutions 
(as deﬁned in Annex 2)
non-operational deposits 
from all other legal entities
any other unsecured 
wholesale funding 
including debt securities 
Secured funding
secured funding transactions 
backed by HQLA
secured funding transactions 
backed by OLA other than Gold
secured funding transactions 
backed by Gold for own account
all other secured 
funding transactions
Increased liquidity needs 
related to derivatives 
and other transactions
derivative payables
outﬂows from market valuation 
changes of collateral for 
derivative transactions
other derivative cash outﬂows
-
92,330,242
40,339,645
60,841,586
-
64,219,653
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
844,661
20,531
195,372
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
90,290,543
38,493,550
53,962,142
-
54,351,114
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1,195,038
1,825,564
6,684,072
-
9,868,539
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
5,631,072
82,122
488,431
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
601,936,950
153,974,201
134,905,354
-
54,351,114
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
7,966,918
7,302,255
16,710,181
-
9,868,539
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
2.11
2.12
 
2.21
2.22
2.23
2.24
2.25
2.26
 
2.31
2.32
2.33
2.34
 
2.41
2.42
2.43
0.05
0.15
 
0.25
0.4
0.4
1
1
1
 
0
0.15
0.25
1
 
1
1
1
NET CASH OUTFLOWS = 
expected cash outﬂows - expected cash inﬂows
OUTFLOWS  
CASH
OUT
FLOWS
Weighted amounts TotalNon weighted amountsin US$
Other
currenciesUS$KHR
Other
currenciesUS$KHR
146 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 147 ----
Committed facilities
for the undrawn portion 
of committed credit 
and liquidity facilities
to retails and SMEs
credit facilities
liquidity facilities
to non ﬁnancial corporates, 
sovereigns and central banks
credit facilities
liquidity facilities
to banks and ﬁnancial institutions 
(as deﬁned in Annex 2)
credit facilities
liquidity facilities
to other ﬁnancial institutions 
credit facilities
liquidity facilities
to other legal entities
credit facilities
liquidity facilities
Other contingent funding 
obligations (whether 
contractual or not)
unconditional revocable 
credit and liquidity 
facilities' agreements
trade ﬁnance related 
obligations (report average 
of monthly net outﬂows 
in last 12 month period)
Guarantees and letters 
of credit other than 
trade ﬁnance related 
obligations (report average 
of monthly net outﬂows 
in last 12 month period)
Other contractual outﬂows
Total 4 = Σ ( 2.11 ; 2.81)
 618,310 
 -   
 14,624,786 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
17,364,981
32,462,453
-
152,822
322,954,478
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
-
-
-
-
1,060,564
 618,310 
 -   
 
14,547,204 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
17,343,195
32,462,453
-
152,761
302,221,272
 -   
 -   
 77,582 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
21,786
-
-
61
19,672,642
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
-
-
-
-
6,201,625
 12,366,196 
 -   
 145,472,040 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
173,431,950
32,462,453
-
152,761
1,309,053,019
 -   
 -   
 775,820 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
217,859
-
-
61
42,841,633
 
 
 
2.51
2.52
 
2.53
2.54
 
2.55
2.56
 
2.57
2.58
 
2.59
2.60
 
2.71
2.72
2.73
2.81
 
 
 
 
0.05
0.05
 
0.1
0.3
 
0.4
0.4
 
0.4
1
 
1
1
 
0.1
1
0.5
1
 
NET CASH OUTFLOWS = 
expected cash outﬂows - expected cash inﬂows
OUTFLOWS  
CASH
OUT
FLOWS
Weighted amounts TotalNon weighted amountsin US$
Other
currenciesUS$KHR
Other
currenciesUS$KHR
147
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA

---- Page 148 ----
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1,117,136
-
 -   
-
1,117,136
265,141
-
Outstanding Reverse 
repos and securities 
borrowing with remaining 
maturities within 30 days 
where the collateral received 
is not re-hypothecated
covered by HQLA
covered by OLA
covered by other assets
where the collateral received 
is re-hypothecated
covered by HQLA
covered by OLA
covered by other assets
Undrawn committed facilities 
from banks and ﬁnancial 
institutions as deﬁned in Annex 2 
Committed facilities from banks 
and ﬁnancial institutions other 
than those reported in 3.22
Committed fund facilities 
with parent bank
Other contractual inﬂows, 
either secured or 
unsecured, within 30 days
from retail customers
from SMEs
from non-ﬁnancial corporates 
from central banks
from banks and ﬁnancial 
institutions as 
deﬁned in Annex 2
from other ﬁnancial institutions 
as deﬁned in Annex 2
from other legal entities
from sovereigns
deposits with banks and 
ﬁnancial institutions 
as deﬁned in Annex 2
derivative cash inﬂows
net contractual derivative 
cash inﬂows within 30 days
Contractual inﬂows 
from other securities 
maturing within 30 days
Any other contractual inﬂows 
due in the next 30 days 
Total 5 = Σ ( 3.11 ;  3.70)
Total 6 = Total 4 - Min 
(Total 5; 75% Total 4)
LCR= Total 3/Total 6
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
30,000,000
10,059,177
109,811
2,267,435
-
-
-
-
-
219,530,568
-
 -   
-
261,966,991
80,738,620
214.73%
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
30,000,000
9,507,664
94,459
292,312
-
-
-
-
-
203,725,550
-
 -   
-
243,619,985
75,555,318
207.68%
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
551,513
15,352
1,975,123
-
-
-
-
-
14,687,882
-
 -   
-
17,229,870
4,918,161
334.50%
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1,117,136
-
 -   
-
1,117,136
5,084,489
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
30,000,000
19,015,327
188,918
584,624
-
-
-
-
-
203,725,550
-
 -   
-
253,514,419
1,055,538,600
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1,103,026
30,703
3,950,245
-
-
-
-
-
14,687,882
-
 -   
-
19,771,856
23,069,777
 
 
3.11
3.12
3.13
 
3.14
3.15
3.16
 
3.21
3.22
 
3.31
3.32
3.33
3.34
3.35
3.36
3.37
3.38
3.39
 
3.50
3.60
3.70
 
 
 
0
0.25
1
 
0
0
0
 
0
1
 
0.5
0.5
0.5
1
1
0.5
0.5
0.5
1
 
1
1
0
INFLOWS
CASH
IN
FLOWS
TOTAL NET CASH OUTFLOWS
LIQUIDITY COVERAGE RATIO
Weighted amounts TotalNon weighted amountsin US$
Other
currenciesUS$KHR
Other
currenciesUS$KHR
148 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 149 ----
Tier 1: (Core Capital)
I. Sub-total A
 + Paid-in capital/Capital endowment         
 + Reserves (other than revaluation reserves)
 + Audited Net Proﬁt (last ﬁnancial year)
 + Retained Earnings 
 + Other Items (to be detailed and supported by and NBC approval to be referred to)
1. Provide reference of NBC's authority/approval
2. Provide reference of NBC's authority/approval
Sub-Total A 
 + Limited check on retained earnings (max. 20% of Sub-Total A)
    
II. Sub-total B (Deduction)
 + Own shares held (at Book Value)
 + Accumulated losses 
 + Intangible assets to be deducted
 + Shareholders, Directors, Related Parties (deduct)
1. Unpaid portion(s) of capital (a)
2. Loans, overdrafts and other advances (b)
3. Debt instruments held bearing signature of Shareholders, Directors, Related Parties (c)
 + Other losses
    (a), (b), and (c) to be itemized in an attachment
Sub-Total B
Total Tier 1 (Core Capital) (A) - (B)
Tier 2: (Complementary Capital)
III. Sub-Total C
 + Re-evaluation reserves (NBC's Approval ref.)
 + Provisions for general banking risks (NBC's Approval ref.)
 + 1% General provision (Prakas on Asset Class)
 + Subordinated Debts Instruments (Provided complying with condition set forth in article 7)
 + Other items (to be detailed and supported)
1. Provide reference of NBC's authority/approval
2. Provide reference of NBC's authority/approval
Sub-Total C
 + Limit check on Subordinated Debts (max. 50 % of Tier 1 Capital)
IV. Sub-Total D (Tier 2, Deductions)
 + Equity participation banking & Fin. Institution
 + Other items to be deducted (def. charge…)
Sub-Total D
Total Tier 2 (Complementary Capital) (C) - (D)
 + Limit check on Tier 2 capital (Tier 2 = max. 100 % of Tier 1)
Regulatory Net Worth (A) - (B) + (C) - (D)
in US$NET WORTH CALCULATION in Million KHR
 306,375 
 171,570 
 49,113 
 131,765 
 -   
 -   
 658,823 
 20.00% 
 -   
 -   
 4,794 
 11,432 
 -   
 11,432 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 16,226 
 642,597 
 -   
 -   
 52,776 
 191,995 
 -   
 -   
 244,771 
 29.88% 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 244,771 
 38.09% 
 887,368 
 75,000,000 
 42,000,000 
 12,022,693 
 32,255,696 
 -   
 -   
 161,278,389 
 20.00% 
 -   
 -   
 1,173,501 
 2,798,498 
 -   
 2,798,498 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 3,971,999 
 157,306,390 
 -   
 -   
 12,919,366 
 47,000,000 
 -   
 -   
 59,919,366 
 29.88% 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 59,919,366 
 38.09% 
 217,225,756 
SCHEDULE 2
NET WORTH 
UNAUDITED AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
149
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA

---- Page 150 ----
 276,349,110 
 51,013,545 
 -   
 185,987,099 
 39,348,466 
 -   
 4,737,235 
 -   
 4,737,235 
 222,435,576 
 -   
 222,435,576 
 958,449,210 
 958,449,210 
 -   
 -   
 1,461,971,131 
 265,842,098 
 265,842,098 
 -   
 2,283,582 
 2,283,582 
 -   
 105,209,713 
 101,395,129 
 -   
 3,814,584 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 373,335,393 
-
-
-
-
-
-
 947,447 
 -   
 947,447 
 111,217,788 
 -   
 111,217,788 
 958,449,210 
 958,449,210 
 -   
 -   
 1,070,614,445 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 456,716 
 456,716 
 -   
 52,604,857 
 50,697,565 
 -   
 1,907,292 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 53,061,573 
 1,123,676,018 
19.33%
I- Balance Sheet Items, weighted by degree of Counter-Party Risks
1- Weighting 0% on Assets with low Risk
1.1- Cash
1.2- Gold
1.3- Claims on the National Bank of Cambodia
1.4- Assets collateralized by Deposits 100% lodged with Banks
1.5- Claims on or Guaranteed by Sovereigns rated AAA to AA- or equivalent
2- Weighting 20% on Assets with Moderate Risk
2.1- Claims on or Guaranteed by Sovereigns rated A+ to A- or equivalent
2.2- Claims on or Guaranteed by banks rated AAA to AA- or equivalent
3- Weighting 50% on Assets with Medium Risk
3.1- Claims on or Guaranteed by Sovereigns rated BBB+ to BBB- or equivalent
3.2- Claims on or Guaranteed by Banks rated A+ to A- or equivalent
4- Weighting 100% on Assets with Full Risk
4.1- All other Assets, besides mentioned above
5- Weighting 120% on Tradable Securities
5.1- Tradable Securities
Total (I) = (1) + (2) + (3) + (4)
II- Oﬀ-Balance Sheet items, weighted by degree of Counter-Party Risk
1- Weighting 0% on Operations with low Risk
1.1- Undrawn Facilities, particularly overdrafts and commitments to lend, 
which are for an initial term of not more than one year
1.2- Other items carrying a low risk
2- Weighting 20% on Operations with Moderate Risk
2.1- Documentary credits is sued or conﬁrmed where the underlying goods 
serve as collateral and other similar transactions
2.2- Other Items carrying moderate risk
3- Weighting 50% on Operations with Medium Risk
3.1- Commitments to pay resulting from documentary credits, 
issued or conﬁrmed, where the underlying goods do not serve as collateral
3.2- Warranties and indemnity bonds (including tender, performance, customs 
and tax bonds) and guarantees not having the character of credit substitutes
3.3- Undrawn facilities, particularly overdrafts and commitments 
to lend with an initial term of more than one year
3.4- Other items carrying medium risk
4- Weighting 100% on Operations with Full Risk
4.1- Loan guarantees (deductible from the risk exposure in respect of the beneﬁciary)
4.2- Acceptances
4.3- Endorsement on bills not bearing the name of another bank or ﬁnancial institution
4.4- Transactions with recourse
4.5- Irrevocable credit lines, or guarantees, having the character of credit substitutes
4.6- Other items carrying a high risk
Total (II) = (1) + (2) + (3) + (4)
III- Total Assets and Operations after weighting Risk = (I) + (II)
Solvency Ratio = Total Net Worth / III ( >15% )
in US$ in Million KHR
-
-
-
-
-
-
 3,870 
 -   
 3,870 
 454,325 
 -   
 454,325 
 3,915,265 
 3,915,265 
 -   
 -   
 4,373,460 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 1,866 
 1,866 
 -   
 214,891 
 207,100 
 -   
 7,791 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 216,757 
 4,590,217 
19.33%
in US$ Weighting
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
20%
20%
50%
50%
100%
120%
0%
0%
20%
20%
50%
50%
50%
50%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
SCHEDULE 3
SOLVENCY RATIO
UNAUDITED AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
150 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 151 ----
SCHEDULE 4
CLASSIFICATION OF AND PROVISIONING FOR BAD AND DOUBTFUL FINANCIAL FACILITIES 
UNAUDITED AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
Financial facilities
Financial facilities
Financial facilities
Financial facilities
Financial facilities
Total
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
US$
12,919,366
352,681
1,213,196
1,963,652
6,362,581
22,811,476
US$
12,919,366
352,681
1,213,196
1,963,652
6,362,581
22,811,476
1%
3%
20%
50%
100%
US$
8,459,870,954
46,317,281
14,608,738
42,126,419
37,240,175
8,600,163,567
Rate
The Central Bank
requirement
Classiﬁcation
Estimated
Collateral
Value
The Central
Bank’s
Provision
The Central
Bank’s Required
Provision
Provision
recorded
by the Bank
Diﬀerence
in Provision
amount
Normal
Special mention
Substandard
Doubtful
Loss
US$
Financial
facilities
amountThe Bank
1,291,936,589
11,756,047
6,065,980
3,927,304
6,362,581
1,320,048,501
US$
151
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA

---- Page 152 ----
SCHEDULE 5
NET OPEN POSITION
UNAUDITED AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
N/A
N/A 
20%
20%
20%
20%
20%
20%
20%
20%
20%
20%
20%
20%
20%
-0.12%
0.12%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.92%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
-0.92%
5=1-2+3-4
 
 (262,820)
 262,820 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 2,002,008 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 (2,002,008)
 -   
Limit
N/A
N/A
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
Excess
Net open
position/net
worth
Net open
position
Currency
payables
4
 
 993,679 
 372,273,496 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 373,267,175 
Currency
receivables
Oﬀ-balance
sheet
Oﬀ-balance
sheet
3
 
 993,679 
 372,273,496 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 373,267,175 
Liabilities
and capital
Elements after deduction of aﬀected provision
2
 
 144,132,559 
1,309,163,424 
 1,847,520 
 407,868 
 9,082 
 1,859,929 
 (1,499)
 -   
 626,571 
 23,462 
 166,664 
 10,679 
 -   
 -   
 2,244,560 
1,460,490,819 
Assets
1
 
 143,869,739 
 1,309,426,244 
 1,847,520 
 407,868 
 9,082 
 1,859,929 
 2,000,509 
 -   
 626,571 
 23,462 
 166,664 
 10,679 
 -   
 -   
 242,552 
 1,460,490,819 
Currency
USD
KHR
EUR
SGD
HKD
THB
JPY
PHP
AUD
CAD
GBP
CNY
KRW
VND
OTHERS
Total
No
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
152 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 153 ----
Capital conservation buﬀer
Countercyclical capital buﬀer
Total capital buﬀer 
Tier 1 Capital
Tier 2 Capital
Total Capital (Net Worth)
Risk Weighted Assets - RWA
Tier 1 capital needed for Minimum Solvency ratio
Available Tier 1 Capital for Capital Buﬀer 
Additional Tier 1 Capital buﬀer to be built up
Minimum Tier 1 capital ratio + available Tier 1 capital for capital buﬀer
Minimum Capital Conservation ratio (expressed as percentage of earnings)
Buﬀer to be built as % of RWAAmount
1.25
 -   
1.25
14.00
5.33
19.33
9.67
4.33
 -   
11.83
 -   
 14,045,950 
 -   
 14,045,950 
 157,306,390 
 59,919,366 
 217,225,756 
 1,123,676,018 
 108,632,037 
 48,674,353 
 -   
Tier 1 Capital Ratio
≥ MCR1 (7.5%) to (MCR1 + 0.625%)
> (MCR1 + 0.625%) to (MCR1 + 1.25%)
> (MCR1 + 1.25%) to (MCR1 + 1.85%)
> (MCR1 + 1.85%) to (MCR1 + 2.5%)
> (MCR1 + 2.5%)
THE BANK
Speciﬁc rules applicable to the institution:
Minimum solvency ratio =
Minimum Tier1 solvency ratio =
Capital conservation buﬀer (%) =
Countercyclical buﬀer (%) =
Tier 1 Capital Ratio Minimum Capital Conservation Ratio 
(expressed as percentage of earning)
100
80
60
40
0
%
15
7.5
1.25
0
SCHEDULE 6
DETERMINATION OF CAPITAL BUFFER
UNAUDITED AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
153
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA

---- Page 154 ----
SCHEDULE 7
OTHER RATIO COMPUTATIONS
UNAUDITED AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
1    Equity to total assets (A/B)
A – Equity
B – Total assets
 
2    Capital Tier I to total assets (A/B)
A – Capital Tier 1
B – Total assets
 
3    Capital Tier I to risk weighted assets (A/B)
A – Capital Tier 1
B – Risk weighted assets
 
4    Capital Tier I + Tier II to risk weighted assets (A/B)
A – Capital Tier I + Tier II
B – Risk weighted assets
 
5    Net worth to assets (A/B)
A – Net worth  
B – Total assets 
6    Solvency ratio (A/B)
A – Net worth
B – Risk weighted assets
 
7    Debt to total assets (A/B)
A – Total liabilities
B – Total assets
 
8    Debt to equity (A/B)
A – Total liabilities 
B – Equity
 
9    Dividend to net proﬁt (A/B)
A – Dividend
B – Net proﬁt
CAPITAL US$
13.91%
 203,114,150 
 1,460,490,819 
10.77%
 157,306,390 
 1,460,490,819 
14.00%
 157,306,390 
 1,123,676,018 
19.33%
 217,225,756 
 1,123,676,018 
14.87%
 217,225,756 
 1,460,490,819 
19.33%
 217,225,756 
 1,123,676,018 
86.09%
 1,257,376,669 
 1,460,490,819 
619.05%
 1,257,376,669 
 203,114,150 
0.00%
 -   
 16,613,449 
10  Banking reserve to total loans (A/B)
A – Banking reserves
B – Total loans (gross)
 
11  Banking reserve to total assets (A/B)
A – Banking reserves
B – Total assets 
 
12  Non-performing loans to total loans (A/B)
A – Non-performing loans
B – Total loans (gross)
ASSET QUALITY US$
4.42%
 42,000,000 
 949,606,017 
2.88%
 42,000,000 
 1,460,490,819 
1.72%
 16,355,865 
 949,606,017 
13  Non-performing loans to total assets (A/B)
A – Non-performing loans
B – Total assets
14  Classiﬁed assets to total loans (A/B)
A – Classiﬁed assets
B – Total loans (gross)
 
15  Classiﬁed assets to total assets (A/B)
A – Classiﬁed assets
B – Total assets
 
16  Classiﬁed assets to equity (A/B)
A – Classiﬁed assets
B – Equity 
 
17  Loans to related parties to total loans (A/B)
A – Loans to related parties
B – Total loans (gross)
 
18  Large exposure to total loans (A/B) 
A – Large exposure
B – Total loans (gross)
 
19  Loans to related parties to net worth (A/B)
A – Loans to related parties
B – Net worth
 
20  Large exposure to net worth (A/B) 
A – Large exposure
B – Net worth 
 
21  General provision to total loans (A/B)
A – General provision
B – Total loans (gross)
 
22  Speciﬁc provision to total loans (A/B)
A – Speciﬁc provision
B – Total loans (gross)
 
23  Speciﬁc provision to non-performing loans (A/B)
A – Speciﬁc provision
B – Non performing loans
 
24  All allowances to total assets (A/B)
A – Total all allowances
B – Total assets
 
25  Loans to deposits (A/B)
A – Total loans to non-bank customers (gross)
B – Customer’s deposits
ASSET QUALITY US$
1.12%
 16,355,865 
 1,460,490,819 
1.72%
 16,355,865 
 949,606,017 
1.12%
 16,355,865 
 1,460,490,819 
8.05%
 16,355,865 
 203,114,150 
0.29%
 2,798,498 
 949,606,017 
8.85%
 84,022,292 
 949,606,017 
1.29%
 2,798,498 
 217,225,756 
38.68%
 84,022,292 
 217,225,756 
1.36%
 12,919,366 
 949,606,017 
1.04%
 9,892,110 
 949,606,017 
60.48%
 9,892,110 
 16,355,865 
1.56%
 22,811,476 
 1,460,490,819 
90.14%
 896,544,682 
 994,615,728 
154 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 155 ----
26  Return on assets(ROA) (A/B)
A – Net proﬁt
B – Total assets
 
27  Return on equity (ROE) (A/B)
A – Net proﬁt
B – Equity
 
28  Gross yield (A/B)
A – Interest income
B – Total assets
 
29  Net interest margin (NIM) to total assets ((A-B)/C)
A – Interest income
B – Interest expense
C – Total assets
 
30  Other income (OTINC) to total assets = (A/B)
A – Other incomes
B – Total assets
 
31  Provision to total assets (A/B)
A – Provision
B – Total assets
32  Overhead to total assets = (A/B)
A – Non-interest expense
B – Total assets
 
33  Net income before tax (NIBT) to total assets = (A/B)
A – Net income before tax
B – Total assets
 
34  Tax to total assets (A/B)
A – Tax 
B – Total assets
 
35  Interest margin to gross income ((A-B)/C)
A – Interest income
B – Interest expense
C – Gross income
 
36  Non-interest income to gross income (A/B)
A – Non-interest income
B – Gross income
 
37  Non-interest expense to gross income (A/B)
A – Non-interest expense
B – Gross income
38  Times interest earned ((A+B)/C)
A – Income before tax
B – Interest expense
C – Interest income
EARNINGS US$
1.14%
 16,613,449 
 1,460,490,819 
8.18%
 16,613,449 
 203,114,150 
5.60%
 81,780,225 
 1,460,490,819 
2.65%
 81,780,225 
 43,120,993 
 1,460,490,819 
0.64%
 9,394,995 
 1,460,490,819 
1.56%
22,811,476 
 1,460,490,819 
2.15%
 31,440,778 
 1,460,490,819 
1.45%
 21,169,706 
 1,460,490,819 
0.31%
 4,556,257 
 1,460,490,819 
42.40%
 81,780,225 
 43,120,993 
 91,175,220 
10.30%
 9,394,995 
 91,175,220 
34.48%
 31,440,778 
 91,175,220 
78.61%
 21,169,706 
 43,120,993 
 81,780,225 
 
39  Liquid assets to total assets (A/B)
A – Liquid assets
B – Total assets
 
40  Short-term liabilities to total assets (A/B)
A – Short-term liabilities (less than one year)
B – Total assets
 
41  Net Liquid assets ((A-B)/C)
A – Liquid assets
B – Short-term liabilities (less than one year)
C – Total liabilities
 
42  Quick ratio (A/B)
A – Quick assets
B – Current liabilities
 
43  Deposit to total loans (A/B)
A – Total customers’ deposits
B – Total loans to non-bank customers (gross)
LIQUIDITY US$
26.61%
 388,641,477 
 1,460,490,819 
67.17%
 981,064,355 
 1,460,490,819 
-47.12%
 388,641,477 
 981,064,355 
 1,257,376,669 
39.61%
 388,641,477 
 981,064,355 
110.94%
 994,615,728 
 896,544,682 
155
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION REQUIRED BY THE NATIONAL BANK OF CAMBODIA

---- Page 156 ----
07

---- Page 157 ----
CORPORATE DIRECTORY
158 Branch Network
160 Group Corporate Directory

---- Page 158 ----
BRANCH NETWORK
HEAD OFFICE
60, Preah Monivong Boulevard, 
Village 10, Sangkat Wat Phnom, 
Khan Daun Penh, Phnom Penh
CHAMKAR MON BRANCH
763, Street 93, Sangkat Boeng 
Trabaek, Khan Chamkar Mon, 
Phnom Penh
PREAH SIHANOUK 
BOULEVARD BRANCH
57F, Preah Sihanouk Boulevard, 
Sangkat Chaktomok, Khan 
Daun Penh, Phnom Penh
MAO TSE TOUNG 
BOULEVARD BRANCH
187 E0E1, Mao Tse Toung 
Boulevard, Sangkat Toul Svay 
Prey I, Khan Chamkarmon, 
Phnom Penh
OLYMPIC BRANCH
201, Jawaharlal Nehru 
Boulevard, Sangkat Phsar 
Doeum Kor, Khan Toul Kork, 
Phnom Penh
TUOL KOUK BRANCH
150NB and 152B1 E0E1E2E3E4, 
Street 516, Sangkat Boeung 
Kak I, Khan Tuol Kouk, 
Phnom Penh
KHAN MEANCHEY - 
SANGKAT STEUNG MEANCHEY 
TI I BRANCH
75, Samdech Monireth 
Boulevard, Sangkat Steung 
Meanchey I, Khan Meanchey, 
Phnom Penh
BAK TOUK BRANCH 
Ground Floor, Building VTrust 
Tower, Street 169, Sangkat 
Veal Vong, Khan 7 Makara, 
Phnom Penh
TUEK THLA BRANCH 
Unit 1E&F, Ground Floor, 
California Social House, Russian 
Federation Boulevard, Sangkat 
Tuek Thla, Khan Sen Sok, 
Phnom Penh
HEAD OFFICE
60, Preah Monivong Boulevard, 
Village 10, Sangkat Wat Phnom, 
Khan Daun Penh, Phnom Penh
CHAMKAR MON 
763, Street 93, Sangkat Boeng 
Trabaek, Khan Chamkar Mon, 
Phnom Penh
TUOL KOUK 
150NB and 152B1 E0E1E2E3E4, 
Street 516, Sangkat Boeung 
Kak I, Khan Tuol Kouk, 
Phnom Penh
BAK TOUK  
Ground Floor, Building VTrust 
Tower, Street 169, Sangkat 
Veal Vong, Khan 7 Makara, 
Phnom Penh
MAO TSE TOUNG 
BOULEVARD 
187 E0E1, Mao Tse Toung 
Boulevard, Sangkat Toul Svay 
Prey I, Khan Chamkarmon, 
Phnom Penh
OLYMPIC 
201, Jawaharlal Nehru 
Boulevard, Sangkat Phsar 
Doeum Kor, Khan Toul Kork, 
Phnom Penh
TUEK THLA  
Unit 1E&F, Ground Floor, 
California Social House, Russian 
Federation Boulevard, Sangkat 
Tuek Thla, Khan Sen Sok, 
Phnom Penh
EXCHANGE SQUARE BRANCH
Ground Floor, Exchange Square, 
Street 51-61 & 102-106, Sangkat 
Wat Phnom, Khan Daun Penh, 
Phnom Penh
KRONG PREAH 
SIHANOUK BRANCH
90, Ek Reach Boulevard, Sangkat 
No 4, Krong Preah Sihanouk, 
Preah Sihanouk Province
KRONG SIEM REAP BRANCH
38-39-40, Sivatha Street,
Sangkat Svay Dangkom,
Krong Siem Reap,
Siem Reap Province
KRONG KAMPONG CHAM - 
SANGKAT KAMPONG 
CHAM BRANCH
Village 4, Sangkat Veal Vong, 
Krong Kampong Cham, 
Kampong Cham Province
KRONG BATTAMBANG
98-99, Sangkat Svay Por,
Krong Battambang,
Battambang Province
BRANCH 
LOCATION
CIMB PREFERRED
CENTRE
158 CORPORATE DIRECTORY BRANCH NETWORK
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 159 ----
159
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE DIRECTORY BRANCH NETWORK
ANGKOR MARKET 
(SIEM REAP PROVINCE)
National Road 6, Phum 
Salakanseng, Sangkat Svay 
Dongkum, Krong Siem Reap, 
Siem Reap 17252
TOTAL (PHNOM PENH THMEY)
Street 1986, Sangkat Phnom 
Penh Thmey, Khan Sen Sok, 
Phnom Penh
THE PARK DEVELOPMENT 
COMMUNITY
National road #1, Sangkat Nirot, 
Khan Chbar Ampov, 
Phnom Penh
AEON MALL SEN SOK
Second ﬂoor of AEON MALL, 
Bayarb Village, Phnom Penh 
Thmey Commune, Sen Sok 
District, Phnom Penh Capital
MAKRO MALL
No 5734, Street 1003, 
Sangkat Phnom Penh Thmey, 
Khan Sen Sok, Phnom Penh
AEON MALL
Behind Adidas, AEON mall, 
No.132, Samdech Sothearos 
Boulevard, Sangkat Tonle 
Bassac, Khan Chamkarmon, 
Phnom Penh
NAGA WORLD I & 
NAGA WORLD II
Samdech Techo Hun Sen Park, 
Phnom Penh
PTT (POCHENTONG)
No.7A, Russian Boulevard, 
Sangkat Kakab, Khan 
Posenchey, Phnom Penh
EXCHANGE SQUARE
Ground Floor, Exchange Square, 
Street 51-61 & 102-106, Sangkat 
Wat Phnom, Khan Daun Penh, 
Phnom Penh
LIM LONG (VENG SRENG)
Dey Lo #9, Veng Sreng 
Boulevard, Sangkat Chom Chao, 
Khan Posenchey, 
Phnom Penh
TOTAL 598
Street 598, Phum 4, 
Sangkat Chrang Chamres 1, 
Khan Russey Keo, Phnom Penh
MAKRO MALL CHROY CHANGVA
National Road No. 6, Bak Khaeng 
Leu Village, Sangkat Bak Khaeng, 
Khan Chroy Changva, 
Phnom Penh
MAJOR LAND
108, Samdech Sothearos 
Boulevard, Sangkat Tonle 
Bassac, Khan Chamkarmon,  
Phnom Penh
EDEN GARDEN
Phnom Penh City Center (PPCC), 
Sangkat Sras Chork, Khan 
Daun Penh, Phnom Penh
RAINTREE
#299, Street Preah Ang Duong, 
Sangkat Wat Phnom, Khan 
Daun Penh, Phnom Penh
THE BRIDGE
The Bridge SoHo Tower, National 
Assembly Street, Sangkat Tonle 
Bassac, Khan Chamkarmorn, 
Phnom Penh
CAMBREW (PREAH SIHANOUK 
PROVINCE)
Phum 3, Sangkat 1, Krong Preah 
Sihanouk, Preah Sihanouk 
Province
OFFSITE ATM

---- Page 160 ----
GROUP CORPORATE DIRECTORY
CIMB THAI BANK PUBLIC 
COMPANY LIMITED
44, Langsuan Road
Lumpini, Pathumwan
Bangkok 10330, Thailand
Tel : 662 638 8000
   662 626 7000
Fax  : 662 657 3333
Website : www.cimbthai.com
CIMB GROUP HOLDINGS 
BERHAD
Level 13, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 2261 8888
Fax  : 603 2261 0099
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB BANK BERHAD
Level 17, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 2261 8888
Fax  : 603 2261 0099
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB BANK BERHAD
SHANGHAI BRANCH
Unit 1805-1807, Azia Centre
1233, Lujiazui Ring Road
Pudong New District
Shanghai 200120, China
Tel  : 86 21 2026 1888
Fax  : 86 21 2026 1988
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB BANK BERHAD
HONG KONG BRANCH
Rooms 2501 & 2507-2510
25th Floor, Gloucester Tower
The Landmark, 15 Queen's Road
Central, Hong Kong
Tel : 852 2586 7288
Fax : 852 2556 3863
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB BANK PLC
60, Preah Monivong Boulevard
Village 10, Sangkat Wat Phnom
Khan Daun Penh, Phnom Penh 
120209 Cambodia
Tel  : 855 23 988 388
Fax  : 855 23 988 099
Website : www.cimbbank.com.kh
CIMB BANK (VIETNAM) LIMITED
Level 2, Cornerstone Building
16 Phan Chu Trinh
Hoan Kiem District
Hanoi, Vietnam
Tel : 84 24 3266 3388
Fax : 84 24 3266 3389
Website : www.cimbbank.com.vn
CIMB INVESTMENT BANK 
BERHAD
Level 17, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 2261 8888
Fax  : 603 2261 0099
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB ISLAMIC BANK BERHAD
Level 17, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel : 603 2261 8888
Fax  : 603 2261 0099
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB BANK BERHAD
PHILIPPINES BRANCH
22th Floor, Bonifacio Stop 
Over Corporate Center, 2nd 
Avenue Corner 31st Street, 
Bonifacio Global City, Taguig
1634 Philippines
Tel  : 63 2 8858 0102
Fax  : Nil
Website : www.cimbbank.com.ph
CIMB BANK (L) LIMITED
Level 14(A), Main Oﬃce Tower
Financial Park Labuan
Jalan Merdeka
87000 W P Labuan, Malaysia
Tel  : 6087 597 500
Fax  : 6087 597 501
   6087 597 502
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB BANK BERHAD
SINGAPORE BRANCH
30 Raﬄes Place #04-01
Singapore 048622
Tel  : 65 6333 7777
Fax  : 65 6337 5335
Website : www.cimb.com.sg
CIMB BANK BERHAD
LONDON BRANCH
27 Knightsbridge
SW1X 7LY
United Kingdom
Tel  : 44 0 20 7201 3150
Fax  : Nil
Website : www.cimb.com
PT BANK CIMB NIAGA TBK
Graha CIMB Niaga
Ji. Jend Sudirman Kav. 58
Jakarta 12190, Indonesia
Tel  : 62 21 250 5252
   62 21 250 5353
Fax  : 62 21 250 5205
Website : www.cimbniaga.co.id
CIMB BANK BERHAD
LABUAN OFFSHORE BRANCH
Level 14(A), Main Oﬃce Tower
Financial Park Labuan
Jalan Merdeka
87000 W P Labuan, Malaysia
Tel  : 6087 597 500
Fax  : 6087 597 501
   6087 597 502
Website : www.cimb.com
160 CORPORATE DIRECTORY GROUP CORPORATE DIRECTORY
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

---- Page 161 ----
PRINCIPAL ASSET MANAGEMENT
BERHAD
Level 32, Exchange 106
Lingkaran TRX
55188 Tun Razak Exchange
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 8680 8000
Fax  : 603 2717 0381
Website : www.principal.com.my
CIMB COMMERCE TRUSTEES 
BERHAD
Level 21, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 2261 8888
Fax  : 603 2261 9894
Website : www.cimb.com
ICIMB (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
CIMB HUB, Level 9
No. 26, Jalan Sultan Ismail
50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 2180 7600
Fax  : Nil
Website : www.cimb.com
TOUCH ‘N GO SDN. BHD.
Level 6, Tower 6
Avenue 5, The Horizon
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, Bangsar South
59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel : 603 2714 8888
Fax : 603 2714 8889
Website : www.touchngo.com.my
TNG DIGITAL SDN. BHD.
Level 3A, Tower 6
Avenue 5, The Horizon
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, Bangsar South
59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 5022 8888
Fax  : Nil
Website : www.touchngo.com.my
PRINCIPAL ISLAMIC ASSET
MANAGEMENT SDN. BHD.
Level 32, Exchange 106
Lingkaran TRX
55188 Tun Razak Exchange
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 8680 8000
Fax  : 603 2717 0381
Website : www.principalislamic.com
CIMB BANK BERHAD
YANGON REPRESENTATIVE
OFFICE
1008 Level 10, Sakura Tower
Kyauktada Township, Yangon
Myanmar
Tel : 951 8 255 430
Fax : 951 8 255 430
Website : www.cimb.com
ICIMB (MSC) SDN. BHD.
CIMB HUB, Level 9
No. 26, Jalan Sultan Ismail
50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 2180 7600
Fax  : Nil
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB ISLAMIC TRUSTEE BERHAD
Level 21, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 2261 8888
Fax  : 603 2261 9894
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB TRUST LIMITED
Level 14(A), Main Oﬃce Tower
Financial Park Labuan
Jalan Merdeka
87000 W P Labuan, Malaysia
Tel  : 6087 414 252
Fax  : 6087 411 855
Website : www.cimb.com
CIMB FOUNDATION
Level 17, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 2261 8888
Fax  : 603 2261 8874
Website : www.cimbfoundation.com
CGS-CIMB SECURITIES 
INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.
(F.K.A. KAF EQUITIES SDN. BHD.)
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel  : 603 2261 8888
Fax  : 603 2261 0099
Website : www.cimb.com
161
CIMB BANK PLC  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE DIRECTORY GROUP CORPORATE DIRECTORY

---- Page 162 ----
www.cimbbank.com.kh
CIMB Bank PLC
No. 60, Preah Monivong Boulevard
Phum 10, Sangkat Voat Phnum
Khan Doun Penh, Phnom Penh
120211, Kingdom of Cambodia