---- Page 1 ----
CIMB GROUP HOLDINGS BERHAD
195601000197 (50841-W)INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
www.cimb.com
FORWARD
WITH YOU
MOVING
CHAMPIONING A HIGH-PERFORMANCE CULTURE
Achieved top-quartile placement in the Organizational 
Health Index (OHI) regionally, and recognised as one 
of Asia’s best employers
page 39
ENHANCING TECHNOLOGY RESILIENCE
With almost RM3.5 billion CAPEX invested in the last four years, 
it has improved digital platform availability, enabled growth of 
digital transactions, and reduced operational lapses risk
page 39
ADVANCING SUSTAINABLE FINANCE
Mobilised RM86.2 billion of sustainable finance since 
2021, and set science-based Net Zero targets for 
Power and Palm Oil portfolios
page 41
INTEGRATED
ANNUAL REPORT
2023

---- Page 2 ----
We have taken conscious eﬀ  orts to manage and minimise the 
environmental impact of our annual report and related processes.
You too can contribute towards this. Did you know that the equivalent 
of one football ﬁ  eld of forest is cut down every second? 
Download the soft copy of CIMB’s Integrated Annual Report, 
Financial Statements and Sustainability Report, instead of requesting 
for a hard copy.


---- Page 3 ----
We have taken conscious eﬀorts to manage and minimise the
environmental impact of our annual report and related processes.
You too can contribute towards this. Did you know that the equivalent
of one football ﬁeld of forest is cut down every second?
Download the soft copy of CIMB’s Integrated Annual Report,
Financial Statements and Sustainability Report, instead of requesting
for a hard copy.
This report is printed on FSC Mix paper,  which means it is made with one or more of the following material categories: FSC 100%, FSC Recycled, 
FSC Controlled Wood, post-consumer reclaimed and/or pre-consumer reclaimed.
• FSC 100%:
FSC claim for products based on inputs exclusively from FSC-certiﬁ  ed natural forests or plantations.
• FSC Recycled:
FSC claim for recycled products based on inputs exclusively from reclaimed sources.
• FSC Controlled Wood:
Material or product with the ‘FSC Controlled Wood’ claim, i.e., material conﬁ  rmed as being in conformity with FSC standard FSC-STD-40-005 (Requirements
for Sourcing FSC Controlled Wood), standard FSC-STD-40-004 (Chain of Custody Certiﬁ  cation), or standard FSC-STD-30-010 (FSC Controlled Wood Standard
for Forest Management Enterprises).
The FSC Mix labelled paper meets the FSC standard FSC-STD-40-005 (Requirements for Sourcing FSC Controlled Wood) at a minimum, which means that such 
paper does not contain material from unacceptable sources,  which are: 1) Illegally harvested wood; 2) Wood harvested in violation of 
traditional and human rights; 3) Wood from forests in which High Conservation Values (HCVs) are threatened by management activities; 4) Wood from forests 
being converted to plantations or non-forest use; and 5) Wood from forests in which genetically modiﬁ  ed trees are planted.
The Forest Stewardship Council ® (FSC ®) – a non-proﬁ  t organisation governed by environmental, social, and economic perspectives equally – covers more than 
160 million hectares of certiﬁ  ed forests and is the global benchmark for sustainable forestry. NGOs, consumers, and businesses alike trust FSC to protect and 
enhance healthy and resilient forests, for all, forever. 
By choosing to use FSC ®-certiﬁ  ed paper, CIMB is supporting responsible management of the world’s forests.
This report is printed by Thumbprints Sdn Bhd (FSC-C101773) who is a FSC-certiﬁ  cate holder (FSC licence code:  FSC-C101773; FSC certiﬁ  cate code:SA-COC-002654. 
Thumbprints Sdn Bhd sources FSC-certiﬁ  ed paper from  Shinsei Pulp & Paper (M) Sdn Bhd (FSC-C164777; SGSHK-COC-450037).


---- Page 4 ----
Our covers depict various moments in an individual’s journey. 
Through the headline “Moving Forward with You”, these 
covers showcase our commitment to helping individuals 
achieve their aspirations.
Integrated Annual Report
A daughter joyfully celebrates her 
graduation and hugs her mother. Her 
graduation symbolises growth, while 
her mother’s unwavering support 
shines through their embrace. This 
moment is a shared journey of their 
progress and resilience, and CIMB’s commitment to moving 
forward hand in hand with you to support and celebrate 
every step of your journey.
Financial Statement
A small business owner beams with 
gratitude while completing a 
transaction with a customer. Their 
exchanged smiles symbolise shared 
success. This cover embodies 
progress, partnership, and the 
fulfillment of aspirations – a partnership CIMB takes pride in 
as we continue to move forward with you.
These covers exemplify shared aspirations that connect our 
employees, customers, and communities, highlighting our 
commitment to fostering meaningful relationships and making 
a positive impact on society. Moreover, our covers celebrate 
#teamCIMB and their families. Each of the talents featured on 
our covers and inside layouts are our very own CIMB 
employees and their children, showcasing the diversity and 
talent within our organisation while emphasising our strong 
sense of community and EPICC values.
Sustainability Report
A mother watches appreciatively as 
her family embraces sustainable 
practices. This cover portrays a family 
moving forward together towards a 
sustainable future with the aid of 
innovative banking solutions provided 
by CIMB.

---- Page 5 ----
OVERVIEW
4 About This Report
7 Shared Value@CIMB
8 Stakeholders’ Expectations and 
Material Matters
11 Our Integrated Approach to 
Managing and Driving Performance
16 How Do We Create Shared Value?
19 CIMB’s Value Creation Model
22 Message from the Chairman
28 Overview of CIMB Group
30 Our Presence
32 Corporate Milestones
34 Key Highlights of 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION 
AND ANALYSIS
Strategic Review
36 Group CEO’s Reflections
44 Economic Review and Outlook
47 Key Risks and Mitigation
52 Group’s  Strategic 
Themes
54 Group Chief Operating & People 
Officer’s (GCOPO) Message
Performance Review
59 Group CFO’s Financial Performance 
Review
70 5-Year Group Financial Highlights
71 5-Year Group Financial Summary
72 Simplified Statements of 
Financial Position
73 Quarterly Financial Performance
74 Key Interest Bearing Assets and 
Liabilities
75 Statement of Value Added and 
Value Distributed
76 Capital Management
78 Credit Ratings
82 Balance Sheet Management
83 Investor Relations
91 Financial Calendar
Business Review
92 Group Consumer and Digital Banking
96 Group Commercial and Transaction 
Banking
100 Group Wholesale Banking
102 Group Islamic Banking
LEADERSHIP
104 Board of Directors
106 Board of Directors’ Profiles
115 Group Company Secretary’s Profile
116 Boards of Major Subsidiaries
118 Corporate Structure
119 Group Shariah Committee Profile
122 Group Management
124 Group Management Profile
129 Group Organisation Structure
GOVERNANCE
130 Chairman’s Statement on Corporate 
Governance
132 Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement
152 Additional Disclosures
154 Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control
166 Risk Management
179 Audit Committee Report
185 Board Shariah Committee Report
SUSTAINABILITY 
STATEMENT
190 Sustainability Statement
196 Governance and Risk
197 Sustainable Action
198 Sustainable Business
199 Corporate Citizenship
200 Sustainability Highlights
HIGHLIGHTS AND 
ACHIEVEMENTS
202 Regional Notable Deals
207 Notable Achievements
208 Corporate Event Highlights
210 Media Highlights
STAKEHOLDER 
INFORMATION
212 Shareholders’ Statistics
216 Internal Policies, Procedures and 
Guidelines
223 Top 10 Properties of CIMB Group
224 Corporate Information
226 Group Corporate Directory 2023
228 Notice of Annual General Meeting
234 Statement Accompanying  
Notice of Annual General Meeting
243 Administrative Details for 67th 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) of
 
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad
• Proxy Form
67th
Annual General 
Meeting
Level 31, Menara CIMB,
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2,
Kuala Lumpur Sentral,
50470 Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia
Monday, 29 April 2024
10:00 am
View our Integrated Annual Report online and 
on-the-go. Our reports, accounts and other 
information about CIMB can be found at 
www.cimb.com
What’s
Inside

---- Page 6 ----
As a globally significant financial 
institution in ASEAN, CIMB continues to 
embrace principles for responsible 
banking in advancing customers and 
society. Our commitment to sustainability 
is at the forefront of these principles, 
ensuring that every decision and action 
contributes positively to environmental 
and social welfare. We continue to 
pioneer market-relevant, customer-
centric, and industry-catalytic financial 
solutions in 10 countries, with a 
stronghold in ASEAN. During the year, we 
were able to build our momentum and 
accelerate our journey towards the final 
year of the Forward23+ Strategy. We 
continued to demonstrate our 
commitment to and leadership in 
sustainable financing, value-based 
intermediation financing and impact, as 
well as in seamless customer experience. 
Our focus remained on delivering a 
profitable year, while creating shared 
value for our stakeholders.
This Integrated Annual Report is a factual 
narrative covering areas of our 
performance, the progress on our 
Forward23+ strategy and Sustainability 
Roadmap. This report is also our call-to-
action to maintain and accelerate our 
momentum towards creating value for 
our shareholders and stakeholders alike.
REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARIES
This Integrated Annual Report records our financial and 
non-financial performance during the period 1 January 2023 to 
31 December 2023. It includes a comprehensive review of our 
sustainability initiatives and their impact.
This report is our humble effort to update our stakeholders on 
CIMB Group’s continuing progress; key programmes and 
initiatives; our ability to navigate through various market 
challenges; our deployment of resources towards seamless 
delivery of business solutions; our achievements; mid- to 
long-term direction; and the overall health of operations in 2023 
in various geographical markets where we operate. The report 
also presents rich insights and forward-looking statements on 
initiatives and performance in the year ahead.
Our report is particularly relevant for our stakeholders in the 
ASEAN markets of Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, 
Cambodia, Phillipines, Myanmar and Vietnam. A range of other 
stakeholders across the globe will also find our report as a 
useful reference.
Our financial statements are independently audited and provide 
in-depth and transparent disclosure of our financial 
performance. Unless we indicate otherwise, all the data 
presented relates to the Group, which includes our banking 
operations and our subsidiaries.
In preparing our report, we were guided by the requirements of 
local and international statutory and reporting frameworks, 
including those of Bursa Malaysia and Value Reporting Foundation.
MATERIALITY
This Integrated Annual Report presents a balanced and 
accessible assessment of our strategies, performance, 
governance, sustainability and prospects in relation to our 
material matters. The material matters are determined by a 
range of considerations, such as quantitative and qualitative 
criteria; issues likely to impact our ability to deploy our 
strategies or create shared value and long-term financial and 
non-financial performance; the matters covered in reports 
presented to our Board of Directors; the risks identified; and 
the interests of our key stakeholders.
We have also assessed dependencies and drivers of impact 
against each of the material matters and how they affect 
various capital inputs and outputs. The first phase of this 
exercise, undertaken in 2021, helped us to better understand 
the inter-relationships between our strategies, material matters, 
and capitals in the context of both stakeholder expectations and 
business priorities.
INTEGRATED THINKING AND 
REPORTING PROCESS
In documenting our reports, our attempt this year in particular 
has been to overcome silos, encourage cross-functional dialogues, 
and develop a holistic understanding of inter-relationships 
between the key factors that drive our business, direct resources, 
and deliver performance and impact. It is a continuous process 
of learning and improvement as we adopt and work to the 
principles of Integrated Reporting, making our narrative not just 
about the year under review, but about areas that will continue 
to deliver value to our stakeholders in the mid to long-term, 
enhancing brand equity, strengthening our business relationships, 
and promising meaningful development for all.
SUSTAINABILITY RISKS AND 
GOVERNANCE
In all the ASEAN markets where we operate, including the core 
markets of Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and 
Cambodia (MISTC), material economic, environmental, social and 
governance (EES&G) risks/factors are taken into due 
consideration when shaping business strategies, policies, 
programmes and when planning our outcomes and value 
creation performance metrics for stakeholders. This is in 
alignment with our adherence to the Principles for Responsible 
Banking, ensuring that our business strategies are not only 
financially sound but also socially responsible and 
environmentally sustainable.
To visually underscore our commitment to these principles and 
our EES&G considerations, we have integrated EES impact icons 
throughout this section. These icons represent the economic, 
environmental, and social impacts of our governance strategies 
4
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
About 
This Report

---- Page 7 ----
 Strategic Themes 
Delivering 
Sustainable 
Financial Returns
Customer 
Centricity
Disciplined 
Execution
Transform 
Fundamentals
Purpose-driven 
Organisation
Capitals 
Financial Strength Physical Network Valued People Robust Relationships
Intellectual Capital Natural Capital Strategic Capital
Material ESG Matters 
Sustainable and responsible finance Climate change
Governance and ethics Diversity and inclusion
Cybersecurity and data privacy Customer experience
Financial inclusion and literacy Biodiversity and ecosystem integrity
Risk management and business resilience Talent attraction, growth and retention
Digitalisation and innovation Corporate citizenship
Human rights Economic Performance
and initiatives. This approach reflects our commitment to not only financial success but also to 
being a responsible corporate citizen.
Economic Impact Environmental Impact Social Impact
DRIVERS AND BENEFICIARIES OF VALUE CREATION
At CIMB, our people are our catalysts and partners in all success and growth. With around 33,000 
employees and about 1,800 partners and suppliers, we thrive on relationships built on trust. This 
is part of the many enhancements on our Integrated Reporting journey as well as to reinforce the 
values we live by to create value for all the stakeholders associated with CIMB towards advancing 
customers and society.
The contents of this report have been reviewed by independent auditors and verification companies:
Assurance Scope Independent Assurance Provider
Consolidated Financial Statements Audit PwC
Carbon Footprint Assessment KPMG
Sustainability Disclosures Verification KPMG
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
We may have included certain forward-looking statements on our future priorities, strategies and 
growth opportunities. These are based on projections and expectations that may be evolving and 
subject to change based on market conditions, operating environment and factors that are beyond our 
control. All forward-looking statements are not conclusive and have not been reviewed by the auditors.
STATEMENT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF CIMB 
GROUP HOLDINGS BERHAD
The Board acknowledges its responsibility to ensure the integrity of the CIMB Group’s Integrated 
Annual Report 2023. In the Board’s opinion, the report addresses all material issues and matters 
and fairly presents the Group’s performance for the year 2023.
Approved by the Board of Directors and signed on behalf of the Board:
 
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad  Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
Chairman
 Group Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
Integrated Annual Report 2023
5
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 8 ----
Our stakeholders are not just contributors but 
also direct beneficiaries of the value our 
initiatives generate, making their interests a 
fundamental focus and top priority for us.
Forward
with You
6
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE

---- Page 9 ----
Shared Value at CIMB extends beyond offering products and 
services that meet our customers’ requirements. We are 
dedicated to supporting the professional growth of our 
employees, fostering the ambitions of our supply chain 
partners, and ensuring robust returns for our investors and 
shareholders.
At CIMB, the concept of Shared Value fuels our drive to integrate stakeholders 
deeply into our mission. Our primary aim is to adopt an inclusive strategy, 
encouraging stakeholder engagement to significantly influence the creation of a 
sustainable future and enhance prospects for improvement. This means our 
stakeholders are not just contributors but also direct beneficiaries of the value  
our initiatives generate, making their interests a fundamental focus and top  
priority for us.
We continuously try to bridge the gap between the value expected by our 
stakeholders and the value proposed and delivered by us. Towards this, we refine 
our resource management, enhance our capabilities, and utilise our governance 
frameworks to ensure meaningful value is provided to all our stakeholders.
In the long term, we aim to build a high-performing, sustainable 
organisation that not only excels in economic, environmental, 
social, and governance aspects but also drives positive systemic 
changes across the economy.
The whole process of value creation requires us to:
Reduce our negative impacts (our footprint) from our business 
and operations, making our performance resilient and 
meaningful
Create positive impacts (our handprint) through sustainable 
finance solutions, as well as by promoting sustainability 
principles and leadership to advance customers and society
Integrated Annual Report 2023
7
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Shared Value  
@ CIMB

---- Page 10 ----
Understanding the evolving needs and expectations of our stakeholders is second to none at CIMB. What contributes to this process of engagement is the evidence that’s tracked and 
analysed from various stakeholder touchpoints.
The evidence comes in many forms including stakeholders’ response towards our products and services and their feedback on our business and operations. The analysis of the data 
collected helps us to reassess and reprioritise areas that are mission-critical for both business and stakeholders. These areas are further examined for their dual materiality to further 
narrow down the focus.
In previous years (2018 and 2022), our materiality assessment across our core markets of Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and Cambodia was based on the significance of various 
impacts and business priorities. The ranking exercise included severity, likelihood and urgency in the context of various environmental, social and governance impacts associated with our 
business, stakeholders and focus areas.
We updated our materiality assessment to thoroughly reevaluate the relevance of ESG concerns for the Group’s principal stakeholders. Our next scheduled materiality refresh will be in 
2024. For detailed information, refer to page 20 in the CIMB Sustainability Report 2023.
Capitals Affected (Input and Output)
Highly Material Topics Assessed Physical Network Valued People Robust Relationships Intellectual Capital Natural Capital
Sustainable and Responsible Finance
Governance and Ethics
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Financial Inclusion and Literacy
Risk Management and Business Resilience
Digitalisation and Innovation
Human Rights
Climate Change
 High   Medium   Low
8
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Stakeholders’ Expectations 
and Material Matters

---- Page 11 ----
The journey of Shared Value Creation begins with 
gathering authentic input and feedback from our 
key stakeholders on diverse facets of our business 
and operations.
We’re
listening
to you
Integrated Annual Report 2023
9
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 12 ----
Our focus is on ensuring that resources are 
optimised to drive both financial and  
non-financial performance and create value for 
our multiple stakeholders.
We’re
focused on 
a better
tomorrow
10
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE

---- Page 13 ----
The lifeline of any business relies on critical resource inputs. Our key resource inputs, in the form of various capitals, include Financial Strength, Physical Network, Valued People, Robust 
Relationships, and our Intellectual, Natural, and Strategic Capitals. Irrespective of the areas where these resources are deployed, our focus is on ensuring that these resources are optimised 
to drive both financial and non-financial performance and create value for our multiple stakeholders.
During the year, we undertook a critical assessment to gauge our readiness to enter the final year of Forward23+ with robust capacity in terms of resources that will help accelerate us 
toward our performance targets. We continued to engage with various shareholders and stakeholders to identify and meet specific expectations. We also started assessing how we can 
elevate our performance indicators beyond Forward23+ to reflect our continuing aspirations.
The table below establishes the relationships between various components of our business and the impact indicators that contribute to CIMB Group’s financial and non-financial 
performance.
DELIVERING 
SUSTAINABLE 
FINANCIAL 
RETURNS
Profitable Growth
Turnaround Underperforming 
Businesses
Cost Efficiency
Digital Deployment (Automation %)
Data and Analytics
Investments
New Technology Investments
 Strategic Themes Impact/Performance Indicators Our Material Matters Capitals Assessed/Affected
Dividend Pay-out (%)
ROE (%)
Impact ROE (%)
CET1 Ratio (%)
CIR (%)
Total Investments (RM)
Total Ecosystem Trade Financing ($)
Value Add Features (#)
Total Technology Investments in 
Strategic Business (RM)
Digital Transactions (%)
Total Technology Investments for Data 
Projects (RM)
Data Use Cases Implemented (#)
Green, Social, Sustainable Impact 
Products and Services Mobilised  
(RM billion)
Economic Performance
Digitalisation and Innovation
Risk Management and Business 
Resilience
Sustainable and Responsible Finance
Physical Network
Intellectual Capital
Financial Strength
Strategic Capital
Integrated Annual Report 2023
11
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Our Integrated Approach to 
Managing and Driving Performance

---- Page 14 ----
DISCIPLINED 
EXECUTION
Performance Culture
Regional Operating Model
Corporate Oversight and Management 
Structure
 Strategic Themes Impact/Performance Indicators Our Material Matters Capitals Assessed/Affected
Organizational Health Index (%)
Forward23+ Milestones Met (%)
Economic Performance
Governance and Ethics
Valued People
Strategic Capital
CUSTOMER 
CENTRICITY
Reliability
Treating Customers Fairly (TCF)
Customer Journey Transformation
 Strategic Themes Impact/Performance Indicators Our Material Matters Capitals Assessed/Affected
Value Chain Operations Digitalised/
Customer Interactions or Transactions 
Digitalised (%)
Active Online Inquiries and 
Transactions (#)
Active Internet/Mobile Banking 
Customers (#)
NPS (%)
Customer Satisfaction Score (%)
Customer to Branch Ratio/Physical 
Touchpoints per Customer
Complaints/Cases Assessed Related to 
TCF policy (#)
Lending through E-Commerce 
Platforms (RM, Beneficiary Profiles)
Financing Provided to Underserved 
Communities (RM)
Customer Experience
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Digitalisation and Innovation
Financial Inclusion and Literacy
Physical Network
Valued People
Robust Relationships
Intellectual Capital
Strategic Capital
12
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Our Integrated Approach to Managing and Driving Performance

---- Page 15 ----
Culture and Values
Human Capital
Risk Management
Finance and Compliance
Capital Optimisation
 Strategic Themes
 Strategic Themes
Impact/Performance Indicators
Impact/Performance Indicators
Our Material Matters
Our Material Matters
Capitals Assessed/Affected
Capitals Assessed/Affected
Training Hours Delivered (#)
Total Training Investments (RM)
Employees Trained under Digital and 
Data Academy (#)
Employees Trained on Sustainability 
(#)
Key Compulsory e-Learning Modules 
Completion Rate (%)
Value Creation/Knowledge Platforms 
(#, Partnerships)
Female Directors on the Board (%)
Women in leadership  
(GCEO-2 level and up, and Key 
Management)
Internal Talent Mobility (%)
Gender Pay Gap (Ratio)
Relative Net Promoter Score (NPS)  
compared to peers (%)
CET1 Ratio (%)
Credit Costs (RM) | Risk Rating/Credit 
Ratings
Capital Efficiency (%)
Compliance and Audit Ratings
Breaches Reported on Governance 
and Compliance (#)
Cases Assessed for Reported Financial 
Crime and Corruption (#)
Talent Attraction, Growth and 
Retention
Governance and Ethics
Diversity and Inclusion
Human Rights
Customer Experience
Governance and Ethics
Risk Management and Business 
Resilience
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Financial Strength
Physical Network
Robust 
Relationships
Natural Capital
Valued People
Strategic Capital
Robust Relationshipsl
Strategic Capital
TRANSFORM 
FUNDAMENTALS
PURPOSE-
DRIVEN 
ORGANISATION
Integrated Annual Report 2023
13
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 16 ----
Sustainability
 Strategic Themes Impact/Performance Indicators Our Material Matters Capitals Assessed/Affected
S&P Global Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment Percentile (%)
Material Issues Supported by Policy 
Commitments (#)
Improvement in Governance Score on 
S&P Global Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment (CSA)
Vulnerable customers with insurance 
and wealth-building products (#)
GHG emissions reduction (Scope 1 
and 2) (%)
Reductions in Scope 3 financed 
emissions (%)
Clients with E&S Action Plans that 
implemented them (%)
Clients that implemented action plans 
related to Human Rights
CSR investments disbursed (RM) and 
Employee Volunteer Hours (#) – 
Brand Value (Ranking)
Suppliers Engaged on Sustainability 
Issues (#)
Sustainable and 
Responsible 
Finance
Climate Change
Human Rights
Governance and 
Ethics
Financial Inclusion 
and Literacy
Biodiversity and 
Ecosystem Integrity
Corporate 
Citizenship
Financial Strength
Physical Network
Robust 
Relationships
Natural Capital
Valued People
Strategic Capital
PURPOSE-
DRIVEN 
ORGANISATION
(Continued)
14
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Our Integrated Approach to Managing and Driving Performance

---- Page 17 ----
HOW DO WE DEFINE CAPITALS?
Financial Strength
Our management of financial flows ensures a healthy balance sheet, facilitating future investments and satisfying customer expectations. A robust financial 
position enables us to generate shareholder value and support the efficacy of other capitals, enhancing CIMB’s overall performance and delivering value for 
stakeholders. This financial stewardship positively impacts the Group’s stability across our operational geographies.
Physical Network
Our physical and digital infrastructures are pivotal in achieving high operational performance. Digital infrastructure, in particular, is crucial for enhancing the 
efficiency of other capitals, pivotal in providing secure, reliable customer experience, and instrumental in advancing financial inclusivity by broadening access 
and diversifying our service delivery models.
Valued People
Human capital is the most critical input into our business and our focus is not just on building a productive and skillful workforce, but also on preparing 
them to thrive and be competitive in the disruptive marketplace of the future. A nurturing environment and empowering culture allow our people to 
seamlessly deliver to organisational needs and expectations, while also catalysing their own personal and professional growth. Our ultimate objective is to 
improve human capital development, diversity, inclusion, and wellbeing of our staff.
Robust Relationships
The strength of our brand and the depth of our stakeholder relationships underpin our performance across the region. These relationships enhance our 
social and relationship capital, facilitate partnerships, expand our clientele, and support the development of shared-value ecosystems, reinforcing our position 
in the ASEAN region.
Intellectual Capital
Our competitive edge in the ASEAN banking sector is sharpened by our proprietary knowledge, technological innovations, and unique processes. These assets 
differentiate us from competitors and provide a strategic advantage in the marketplace.
Natural Capital
Our operations, as well as the clients we support, consume water, energy, and other raw materials, while producing waste and emissions. Our management 
of natural capital rests on minimising our direct and indirect negative footprint across the value chain, while creating positive handprints through strategic 
interventions. It also includes our investments into priority SDGs as per our Green, Social, Sustainable Impact Products and Services (GSSIPS) Framework. We 
measure our direct footprint and Scope 3 financed emissions for carbon-intensive sectors with 2030 sector targets for our Thermal Coal Mining, Cement, 
Palm Oil and Power portfolios.
Strategic Capital
CIMB’s distinct statement of purpose, where we aspire to build a high-performing sustainable organisation to help advance customers and society, is the core 
of our Forward23+ strategies which is enabled by our anchor Target Empowerment and Alignment Model (TEAM), supported by sound principles of 
governance, risk management, and human rights as well as CIMB’s differentiated EPICC values (EPICC – Enabling Talent; Passion; Integrity and Accountability; 
Collaboration and Customer Centricity).
Integrated Annual Report 2023
15
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 18 ----
FOR CIMB AND #teamCIMB
We conduct our business and guide our people with the responsibility of delivering sustainable and meaningful 
financial outcomes. A commitment to principles of good governance and the strategic role of our Board, Senior Leadership 
and skilled workforce collectively contribute to shaping a profitable organisation.
Risk, Governance and Culture
• Remain resilient and responsive to the dynamic operating
 
environment
• Integrate environmental, social and governance risks into our
 
risk management framework
• Uphold high standards of corporate governance in the
 
conduct of business and value chain
• Create a culture of high-performance, by promoting
 
#teamCIMB ethos and EPICC values
• Operate with integrity and transparency towards
 
stakeholders
• Strengthen risk management, compliance, monitoring and
 
reporting controls and mechanisms
Talent, Diversity, Inclusion, Health, Safety and Wellbeing
• Future-proof employees by upskilling and reskilling talent,
 
enabling them to manage emerging risks and opportunities
• Safeguard health, safety, and wellbeing towards enhancing
 
productivity and motivating performance
• Promote diversity to foster innovation and drive
 
performance
• Create growth and development opportunities for employees
 
and value chain partners
• Operationalise inclusive and agile policies and processes that
 
contribute to employee productivity and wellbeing
What Matters
• Strengthen our value proposition and ability to deliver  
returns to investors and shareholders
• Allocate our resources strategically and reinforce our
 
ability to plan and achieve resilient value creation
• Create a better work environment that is safe, efficient,
 
empowered, inclusive, diverse and participative, with 
horizontal and vertical growth opportunities for employees How We 
Create Value
• Group Enterprise-Wide Risk Management Framework
• Group Dividend Policy
• Group Human Resource Policies and Procedures: Code of
 
Ethics and Conduct; Human Rights Policy
• Group Employee Diversity and Inclusion Policy: Board
 
Diversity
• Performance Management Framework; Group Training
 
Policy
• Group Occupational Safety and Health Policy and
 
Procedures
• Group Procurement Policy
Key Drivers of 
Shared Value
46.9%
Cost to Income 
or Efficiency 
Ratio
10.7%
Return on 
Equity
Top Quartile 83%
Organizational 
Health Index Score
33%
Female Representation 
on Board of Directors
RM1.4 billion
Procurement Spend 
Towards Suppliers/
Vendors
2023 
Highlights
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCEOVERVIEW16
How Do We Create 
Shared Value?

---- Page 19 ----
Customer Centricity, enabled by Technology
• Cultivate a ‘customer-first’ mindset
• Transform customer journeys to create a consistently excellent
 
experience
• Design and deliver suitable, secure, reliable and accessible financial and
 
digital solutions that contribute to wellbeing and welfare
• Protect customers’ data and safeguard customers against cyber-crimes
 
and scams through enhanced safety checks and awareness
• Offer bespoke products, services, and advisory to empower businesses
 
to achieve their ambitions
• Establish partnerships to raise awareness and build capacity to drive
 
responsible and competitive businesses of the future
Sustainable and Responsible Finance
• Mobilise capital flows towards the whole-of-economy climate transition
 
needed to meet global climate goals while meeting business objectives
• Establish policies and guidelines to manage exposure to various
 
sustainability risks, including climate change, biodiversity loss, and 
human rights risks
• Create positive impacts, and reduce potential negative impacts through
 
products and proactive engagement
Financial Inclusion and Literacy
• Contribute to socio-economic development by creating banking
 
opportunities and improving financial literacy for underserved and 
disadvantaged communities and demographics, towards building a 
more resilient and financially secure population
• Encourage and enable individuals and businesses to manage their
 
finances better, improving their wellbeing and quality of life
What Matters
Relative Net Promoter Score 
(NPS) within 69% relative to 
peers
12.2 million
CIMB Digital Users  
(MY & ID Clicks/Octo users)
57
Financing Clients with new 
Environmental and Social (E&S) 
Action Plans
42,828:1
Customer to Branch Ratio or 
Physical Touchpoints per 
Customer
• Treat customers fairly, with integrity and commitment to financial  
inclusiveness and wellbeing
• Provide access to finance to all and offer responsible products and
 
services while enabling and encouraging sustainable business and 
lifestyle practices
• Improve credit quality by meeting responsible lending standards
• Protect medium to long-term shareholder and stakeholder value by
 
incorporating ESG risks (such as climate change) into business and 
financing decisions
• Enable a just transition to a low-carbon economy through our
 
financial solutions
How We 
Create Value
• Group Treating Customers Fairly Policy
• Group Sustainable Financing Policy (GSFP) and Sector Guides
• Group Human Rights Policy
• IT Security Policy and Group Personal Data Protection Policy
Key Drivers of 
Shared Value
2023 
Highlights
FOR CUSTOMERS AND 
CLIENTS
We champion the aspirations of our customers and clients through 
an inclusive approach to development. Our aim is to generate a net 
positive impact with our offerings, fostering progress for our customers 
and establishing banking as a force for good.
17Integrated Annual Report 2023SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 20 ----
FOR SOCIETY AND  
THE COMMUNITY
We advocate for impactful programmes that empower 
communities and foster environmental sustainability.  
Addressing key areas such as financial education, 
entrepreneurship, community empowerment, and ecological 
conservation, we identify and address barriers to socio-economic 
advancement in communities that matter to us. We tackle  
these challenges head-on, pave the way for a more  
prosperous and sustainable future for everyone.
Corporate Citizenship
• Understand the needs and expectations of communities
• Instil a sense of social responsibility and community stewardship
 
among employees
• Encourage partnerships with grassroots organisations, lead NGOs
 
and community groups for greater impact
Climate Change and Biodiversity
• Minimise the negative impact of our operations and financed
 
activities on the environment and communities
• Manage our direct carbon and biodiversity impacts by monitoring
 
and reducing emissions and waste from our operations
• Work with industry peers and stakeholders to raise awareness and
 
mobilise action on climate resilience and the importance of nature 
in the financial services sector and beyond
Community Development and Human Rights
• Establish safeguards to respect human rights, mitigate social
 
inequalities and injustices in communities that matter to us
• Empower communities by equipping them with skills, resources,
 
and opportunities that will advance their welfare and wellbeing
• Integrate community members into the mainstream marketplace by
 
promoting entrepreneurial and education programmes
What Matters
• Provide opportunities for employees to design as  
well as contribute to community programmes
• Channel significant investments to impactful
 
community programmes and initiatives
• Create long-term net positive environmental and
 
social impact in areas that matter to 
communities
How We 
Create Value
• Group Sustainability Policy
• Group Administration and Property Management
 
Policy
• Group Corporate Responsibility Policy
• Flex4Sustainability Policy (Employee Volunteerism)
Key Drivers of 
Shared Value
88th percentile
in the S&P Global 
Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment
26%
Reduction in Scope 1 
and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions (vs 2019 
baseline)
203,245
Volunteer Hours Invested Towards Communities
2023 
Highlights
18
How Do We Create Shared Value?
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCEOVERVIEW

---- Page 21 ----
In our ongoing efforts to enhance our integrated approach, our cross-functional teams engage in 
regular assessments of our value creation business model, ensuring it aligns with the dynamic 
requirements of our business and stakeholders. This approach offers a comprehensive and long-term 
perspective on our resources, market environment, strategic advancements, tangible outcomes, and 
societal impact. Through this process, we reinforce our commitment to generating purposeful value for 
our stakeholders and solidifying our position as a leading ASEAN bank.
Financial Strength
Physical Network
Valued People
Robust Relationships
Intellectual Capital
Natural Capital
Strategic Capital
 |  Read more about Our Integrated 
Approach to 
Managing and Driving 
Performance on page 11 of this report 
for CIMB’s scope/definitions of the 
Capitals
EPICC VALUES
E P I C C
Enabling you to develop 
your talent and reach 
your potential
Passion to pursue 
excellence in all that we 
do
Integrity and 
accountability
Collaboration for our 
collective success
Customer 
centricity
 |  Read more about Our Integrated Approach to Managing and Driving Performance for various value creation and impact/performance indicators on pages 11 to 14 of this 
report, mapped against our Forward23+ strategic themes, our material matters and capitals
Integrated Annual Report 2023
19
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
CIMB’s 
Value Creation Model

---- Page 22 ----
BUSINESSINPUTS
 COMMERCIAL  
BANKING
 CONSUMER  
BANKING
 WHOLESALE  
BANKING
 CIMB  
DIGITAL 
ASSETS
 TRANSACTION  
BANKING
 ISLAMIC  
BANKING
OUR 
BUSINESS
PILLARS
Priority SDGs
Our value creation framework illustrates 
the alignment of critical business 
dimensions with CIMB’s seven selected 
sustainable development goals (SDGs), 
foundational to our sustainability 
agenda. These SDGs are integral, 
reflecting our business imperatives and 
aligning with stakeholder expectations. 
By integrating these critical elements, 
we are equipped to deliver positive 
impacts on the environment, society, 
and economy, thereby adhering to our 
corporate responsibilities.
 |  Read more about Sustainability Principles 
for our Scorecards and how we meet our 
priority SDGs on 
pages 16 to 17 of the 
CIMB Group Sustainability Report 2023
OUR VISION
 To be the leading focused  
ASEAN bank
OUR PURPOSE
 To build a high performing  
sustainable organisation to 
help advance customers and 
society
OUR RESOURCES AND 
RELATIONSHIPS
OUR STRATEGY AND 
FOCUS AREAS
FINANCIAL STRENGTH
Strong balance sheet with 
invested capital and total assets 
valued at RM733.6 billion and 
market capitalisation at RM62.4 
billion as at end December 2023
PHYSICAL NETWORK
601 retail branches, 6,889 
self-service customer access 
points
NATURAL CAPITAL
Seven sector guides with No 
Deforestation, No Peat and No 
Exploitation commitment 
required where relevant
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Engagement, advocacy, capacity 
building, and knowledge 
platforms such as The Cooler 
Earth Sustainability Summit
ROBUST RELATIONSHIPS
Around 25 million customers and 
1,900 registered partners and 
suppliers, >203,000 hours of 
employee volunteerism
VALUED PEOPLE
Over 33,000 workforce across 10 
countries
STRATEGIC CAPITAL
Target Empowerment and 
Alignment Model (TEAM) driven 
by our EPICC values
Delivering 
Sustainable
Financial Returns
Customer Centricity
OUR KPIs (2024)
ROE
Top Quartile
CET1
>13.5%
CIR
≤45%
NPS and S&P Global Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment
Top Quartile
Overall Net Zero
GHG by 2050
for all Scopes
including financed
emissions
GHG Scope 1 and 2
net zero emissions
in our operations by
2030
STRATEGIC THEMES
Disciplined 
Execution
Transform 
Fundamentals
Purpose Driven
Organisation
20
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE

---- Page 23 ----
IMPACTACCOUNTABILITYPURPOSEBUSINESS
CUSTOMER VALUE PROPOSITION
We place customers at the heart of 
everything we do through:
•
 Easy and efficient banking, and always
 
going the extra mile
•
 Personalised financial solutions
•
 Safe and secured digital platforms
•
 Treating customers fairly
EMPLOYEE VALUE PROPOSITION
We make CIMB the best place for the best 
talent to work through:
•
 Competitive remuneration and benefits
•
 Learning and talent development
•
 Diversity and inclusion
•
 Corporate responsibility
•
 Health, safety, wellbeing and welfare
SUPPLIER VALUE PROPOSITION
We forge partnerships that advance mutual 
interests and aspirations through:
•
 Suppliers’ safety, wellbeing and project
 
continuity
•
 Inculcation of sustainable procurement
 
practices
•
 A competitive landscape aligned to the
 
strategies of the bank for suppliers to 
develop and grow
INVESTOR VALUE PROPOSITION
We observe highest standards of governance 
and integrity to build confidence through:
•
 Timely and adequate disclosures
•
 Differentiated and responsible approach
 
to planning and delivering growth
•
 Oversight, controls, independent
 
assurance and reporting
COMMUNITY VALUE PROPOSITION
We work towards building healthy and 
resilient communities in ASEAN through:
•
 Prioritising of at-risk and most vulnerable
 
communities
•
 Channeling finance to enable a low-
carbon and just economy
GOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIP
Focus
Governance for oversight of effectiveness, 
adequacy and integrity of CIMB’s system of 
internal controls and risk management
Accountability
Board of Directors (BOD), Group Executive 
Committee, Group Chief Risk Officer (GCRO), 
Group Legal and Compliance (GLC)
Controls
Internal and External Independent Audits 
and Assurance
GROUP KPIs AND SCORECARDS
Focus
Key measures on profitability, cost, capital, 
mid- to long-term strategic initiatives, people, 
sustainability, risk, audit and compliance
Accountability
BOD, Special Purpose Committees and 
Group CEO
Controls
Group Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, BOD
CORE VALUES
Focus
EPICC Values to deliver impact the right way 
across CIMB
Accountability
Group Chief Human Resources Officer
Controls
Organizational Health Index (OHI); People 
Engagement/Enculturation
CIMB AND #teamCIMB
83/100 Group Organizational Health 
Index
33% Female Directors on the Board
10.7% Return on Equity
RM32.4 billion of Sustainable Finance 
in Green, Social, Sustainable Impact 
Products and Services (GSSIPS)
CUSTOMERS AND CLIENTS
Within 69% in NPS across the key markets
12.2 million CIMB Digital Users (MY & 
ID Clicks/Octo users)
623 Total Cases of Enhanced Sustainability 
Due Diligence (ESDD) Completed
99.74% Clicks Availability¹
99.95% Bizchannel Availability¹
42,828:1 Customer to Branch Ratio
SOCIETY AND COMMUNITY
88th percentile on S&P Global 
Corporate Sustainability Assessment
26% Reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG Emissions (vs. 2019 baseline)
RM32.9 million Investment in 
communities
12 of 13  Material issues supported by 
policy commitments
¹  Average of uptime availability in Malaysia, 
Indonesia, Singapore and Thailand, excluding 
scheduled maintenance
OUR VALUE CREATION 2023OUR INTERNAL CONTROLSOUR STAKEHOLDER 
PROPOSITIONS
MATERIAL ESG MATTERS
Sustainable and responsible finance
Governance and ethics
Cybersecurity and data privacy
Financial inclusion and literacy
Risk management and business 
resilience
Digitalisation and innovation
Human rights
Climate change
Diversity and inclusion
Customer experience
Biodiversity and ecosystem integrity
Talent attraction, growth and 
retention
Corporate citizenship
OUR KPIs (2024)
ROE
Top Quartile
CET1
>13.5%
CIR
≤45%
NPS and S&P Global Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment
Top Quartile
Overall Net Zero 
GHG by 2050
for all Scopes 
including financed 
emissions
GHG Scope 1 and 2
net zero emissions 
in our operations by 
2030
Integrated Annual Report 2023
21
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 24 ----
Message from the
Chairman


---- Page 25 ----
Dear Stakeholders,
The year in review saw many economies 
emerging from the drag caused by 
monetary tightening, with the resilience of 
the US economy and normalisation of 
supply chains playing a part in the better-
than-expected global growth. Declining 
energy prices, robust consumer balance 
sheets, and the reopening of the Chinese 
economy contributed to a strong start to 
the year. GDP and employment levels 
outperformed expectations, resulting in 
strong wage growth despite soaring 
inflation in 2022. Still, some significant risks 
prevail, such as a possible return of 
inflation and further deterioration of the 
geopolitical environment that could 
destabilise commodity prices.
The financial markets recovery was considered as uneven 
throughout 2023 by various analysts. However, for CIMB, it 
was an exciting year where we regained our pre-COVID 
momentum as the Forward23+ Strategic Plan took a strong 
foothold. We are closing-in on our ambition to become 
ASEAN’s leading focused bank in two years. What’s 
interesting to note are the many cycles of transformation 
that the bank had to go through in response to some of 
the most dynamic market challenges that we may have 
witnessed in our entire history. We are at a critical juncture 
where CIMB is geared for not just new growth, but 
sustainable growth, where we are open to new possibilities 
and opportunities into the future.
IN THE POST-COVID ERA, WHAT WERE THE SENTIMENTS IN RELATION TO 
CIMB’S RECOVERY AND PROGRESS IN 2023 AND BEYOND?
Our transition over the last two years as one of ASEAN’s leading financial institutions has been phenomenal. We sailed 
through many challenges – from mobilising finance to implementing sustainable banking principles and practices, from 
navigating through the evolving market and policy landscape to shaping organisational culture and change, from achieving 
stability and business momentum to finding new opportunities for growth. With pride, I acknowledge CIMB’s strong and 
resilient leadership, which was instrumental in helping the bank grow from strength to strength despite these challenges.
In 2023, our strategies were continually stress tested. We remained agile in understanding our customers and delivering 
personalised banking solutions. We continued to lay much emphasis on our EPICC values/culture, which will go a long way in 
establishing our competitive edge. We reinforced our commitment to principles of responsible banking. As a result, we were 
able to evolve in our value proposition, accelerate our performance, create positive impact and shared value.
Throughout the year, prioritising and addressing stakeholders’ concerns remained critical, and we are committed to 
transparency in this process. This annual Integrated Report serves as a testament to our efforts, establishing how we align 
our business strategies, stakeholders, and the creation of sustainable value.
The launch of “CIMB Forward 100 Years and More” with the wonderful #teamCIMB on 27th February 2024.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
23
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 26 ----
HOW DID CIMB STRENGTHEN ITS RISK AND 
GOVERNANCE MECHANISM IN 2023?
Amidst a business environment fraught with uncertainty, governance priorities centred on 
strengthening our risk management framework. The Group’s Board of Directors continued to 
assess various business risks, spanning technology, digital infrastructure, cybersecurity, 
employee wellbeing, productivity, performance, human rights, climate change, supply stability 
and community relations. The deliberations focused on minimising potential threats to 
business continuity while maximising stakeholder value.
The Board was instrumental in striking a delicate balance between long-term value and 
short-term considerations in determining the best risk mitigation strategies. The Board also 
acknowledged various trade-offs – between the need for immediate solutions to address 
immediate risks, and foresight that catalyses profound transformative changes to strengthen 
the Group’s resilience and responsiveness to anticipated/future risks.
HOW ARE YOU PROGRESSING WITH YOUR FORWARD23+ 
STRATEGY, ESPECIALLY WITH THE MARKET CONDITIONS 
IN 2023?
We have regained our pre-COVID momentum with the Forward23+ strategy and are on 
track towards achieving its targets. We remain steadfast in our organisational aspirations, 
having aggressively pursued our yearly Forward23+ targets and even overachieving  in some 
areas. CIMB is in a strong position to achieve all the final outcomes that the Board and 
leadership team had set out to achieve.
During the year, our focus was on ‘rebuilding’ with our stakeholders. That was partly 
possible due to strategic restructuring of our portfolio, enhanced technological capabilities, 
improved cost efficiencies, and most importantly the EPICC culture. Our general 
understanding is that culture will continue to play a pivotal role in successful implementation 
of our customer-centric approaches and strategies. In short, our relentless efforts in 2023 
have positively advanced Forward23+ objectives, and reinforced our ability to create 
stakeholder value in all the ASEAN markets where we have a strong presence.
Moving into 2024, we are motivated as #teamCIMB to deliver results that will propel us to 
the finish line across all five priority areas of Forward23+ in delivering sustainable financial 
returns, disciplined execution, customer centricity, transforming fundamentals, and becoming 
a purpose-driven organisation.
KDYMM Seri Paduka Baginda Raja Permaisuri Agong graced the launching ceremony of CIMB Artober Art&Soul at 
the Malaysia International Trade and Exhibition (MITEC) on 5th October 2023.
CIMB Group’s 66th Annual General Meeting on 13th April 2023 was held virtually through live streaming and online 
voting.
24
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Message from the Chairman

---- Page 27 ----
HOW DID YOU PRIORITISE AND PERFORM ON THE 
SUSTAINABILITY PILLAR OF FORWARD23+ STRATEGY?
Sustainability remained a top priority for CIMB and an integral part of our Forward23+ 
strategic plan. We have consistently stayed on target or even outperformed on our 
sustainability aspirations year on year. Our efforts did not go unrecognised. For the second 
year in a row, our score in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment remained in 
the global top quartile, at 88th. Among 400 international financial institutions, CIMB ranked 
seventh worldwide in the 2023 Financial System Benchmark, which assesses performance in 
the areas of governance and strategy, respecting planetary boundaries, and adhering to 
social conventions. These recognitions serve as a reminder of our ongoing sustainability 
agenda and leadership.
I am particularly proud of our continuous efforts to facilitate a just transition, where we are 
also catering to the critical mass of SMEs, which are the backbone of Malaysian economy. In 
2023, we introduced our first of its kind comprehensive Sustainability-Linked Financing (SLF) 
for small and medium enterprises under CIMB’s GreenBizReady™ programme. Expanding 
upon our sustainable products and services offerings, SLF incentivises SMEs to cut emissions 
through attractive financing rebates of up to 0.50% per annum. Access to preferential rates 
is tied to sustainability performance specifically in the areas of energy and fuel consumption.
During the year, we also announced the extension of the CIMB Flood Relief Assistance Plan 
which offers a six-month payment relief on loan and financing products for individual and 
SME/business customers experiencing financial constraints due to floods. Additionally, 
RM700,000 was allocated to our Disaster Relief Facility at a preferential rate.
Adding to our current offering of sustainable products and services, CIMB Bank Berhad and 
CIMB Islamic Bank launched a suite of Electric Vehicle (EV) financing solutions to encourage 
the adoption of low-carbon transportation alternatives.
Concluding The Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit, CIMB’s flagship event, in 
September 2023.
On 10th October 2023, CIMB Bank Cambodia collaborated with the APSARA 
Authority for the Campaign on Trees and Grass Planting at the Angkor 
Archaeological Park in Siem Reap. The event was officiated by HE. Dr. Phoeurng 
Sackona, Minister of Culture and Fine Arts, Cambodia.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
25
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 28 ----
In continuing our support for education, RM7.6 million in scholarships were awarded to 14 
students across ASEAN under the 2023 CIMB ASEAN Scholarship Programme. The 
scholarships support students in the countries where we operate and will have the 
opportunity to enter CIMB’s structured management trainee programme, The Complete 
Banker. Meanwhile, CIMB Islamic contributed seed funding of RM350,000 to Yayasan DiRaja 
Sultan Mizan (YDSM) to train university graduates in agriculture-based careers, as part of a 
tripartite agreement with YDSM and University Sultan Zainal Abidin.
In its fifth instalment, CIMB’s flagship sustainability-focused event, The Cooler Earth 
Sustainability Summit was held over ten days in September 2023 across the region. With 
over 7,000 participants from the ASEAN business community, once again, leaders from the 
public and private sectors convened in a series of conferences, panel discussions, 
masterclasses, and networking events to explore the theme of the summit, Sustainability in 
Action: Opportunities For a Better Tomorrow.
The first EPICC Karrrnivaaal on 28 October 2023 to celebrate #teamCIMB’s achievements, hard work and commitment.
WHAT WERE YOUR TOPLINE PRIORITIES IN PROMOTING 
AND STRENGTHENING #TEAMCIMB CULTURE?
At CIMB, we believe culture drives performance. We strive to maintain a workplace culture 
that prioritises learning, development, and organisational values as the foundation of a high 
performing and engaged workforce.
EPICC values were launched in 2022 and we continued to embed these in #teamCIMB 
throughout 2023. Standing for ‘Enabling Talent; Passion; Integrity and Accountability; 
Collaboration; and Customer Centricity’, EPICC underlies the Target Empowerment and 
Alignment Model (TEAM) that we deploy as part of our People strategy.
As we work towards becoming a Purpose-Driven Organisation, EPICC guides our people to 
deliver impact the right way and this was our top-line priority in 2023. I take pride in 
working with a team that shares the same set of core values, but also celebrates value in 
diversity. Our continuing efforts are to dedicate resources for the wellbeing of our people, 
new ways of working and creating a happier workplace, motivating personal and professional 
development alongside business priorities.
26
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Message from the Chairman

---- Page 29 ----
WERE THERE ANY SIGNIFICANT LEADERSHIP 
MOVEMENTS OR SIGNIFICANT DEVELOPMENTS IN THE 
BOARD OR IN YOUR BUSINESS UNITS?
In June 2023, Novan Amirudin who is the Co-CEO of Group Wholesale Banking, was 
appointed Chief Executive Officer of CIMB Investment Bank Berhad, taking over from Jefferi 
Hashim who now heads Private Banking and ESG Advisory and Solutions of Group 
Wholesale Banking. The Board welcomes this strategic change in leadership and is confident 
of their positive contributions to business.
Three of our most valuable and experienced Board members, Mr. Robert Neil Coombe, 
Sustainability Sponsor on Board of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad; Ms. Teoh Su Yin, Board 
Member of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad & Chairperson/Board Member of CIMB Investment 
Bank Berhad and Puan Nadzirah Abd Rashid, Board Member of CIMB Bank Berhad and 
CIMB Investment Bank Berhad retired in 2023. On behalf of the Board, I acknowledge their 
collective contributions and their strong leadership, which was unparalleled by all standards.
We also had seven new appointments during the year, which include: Ms. Christina Ong Soo 
Chan on the Board of CIMB Bank; Puan Zuhaida Zulkifli on the Board of CIMB Islamic; Ms. 
Kee E-Lene on the Board of CIMB Bank Berhad; Datin Azlina binti Mahmad on the Board of 
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad; Ms. Tan Ting Min on the Board of CIMB Investment Bank 
Berhad; Dr. Nurmazilah Dato’ Mahzan on the Board of CIMB Bank Berhad; and Mr. 
Raymond Yeoh Cheng Seong as Chairman/Board Member of CIMB Investment Bank Berhad. 
We now have a strong team of specialists on the Boards, and I am confident of the new 
Boards’ leadership in accelerating CIMB’s journey into the future.
I am also happy to share that as at December 2023, 33% of our Board is represented by 
female leaders, continuing a track record that we intend to maintain in line with our 
commitment to the 30% Club and our emphasis on gender diversity.
KDYMM Seri Paduka Baginda Yang di-Pertuan Agong receiving the zakat contribution from CIMB Islamic at the 
Majlis Zakat Korporat Federal Territories Islamic Religious Council Zakat Collection Centre (PPZ-MAIWP) at Istana 
Negara in November 2023.
FINAL REMARKS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
I would like to express our gratitude to the various stakeholders who continue to play a 
vital role in our journey – #teamCIMB, regulators, customers, suppliers, partners, investors, 
and the larger community. The consistent progress we have made on the Forward23+ 
Strategic Plan owe much to the confidence of our stakeholders. Looking ahead, I am eager 
to witness the completion of Forward23+ aspirations and to close the final leg of that 
journey. As always, CIMB remains here for our stakeholders, committed to Moving Forward 
With You.
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
Chairman
Integrated Annual Report 2023
27
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 30 ----
One of the top
banks in ASEAN
FOCUSED
We will not be everything to 
everyone. We shall focus on key 
markets and segments, where we 
play to win.
LEADING
We seek to be amongst the leading 
ASEAN banks (top quartile) when 
measured by financial metrics such 
as ROE and CIR as well as non-
financial metrics such as NPS, 
Organisational Health and 
Sustainability.
ASEAN
We are a local ASEAN bank and 
this is our key differentiation. This 
identity resonates with our staff 
and external stakeholders.
The Group is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and offers Consumer Banking, 
Commercial Banking, Wholesale Banking, Islamic Banking, Wealth Management and Digital 
Payment Products and Services. It is the fifth largest banking group by assets in ASEAN and,  
as at the end of December 2023, had over 33,000 staff and around 25 million customers.
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad has been listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia since 1987 
and has market capitalisation of RM62.4 billion as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 December 
2023, total assets stood at RM733.6 billion, with total shareholders’ funds of RM69.8 billion and 
total Islamic assets of RM205.7 billion. At the end of December 2023, the substantial 
shareholders were Khazanah Nasional Berhad with 23.0%, Employees Provident Fund with 12.3% 
and Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) with 6.0%.
CIMB Group is a leading focused ASEAN bank and 
one of the region’s foremost corporate advisors. 
It is also a world leader in Islamic finance.
28
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Overview of 
CIMB Group

---- Page 31 ----
Net Profit
RM6.98
Billion
Market Capitalisation
RM62.4
Billion
Total Assets
RM733.6
Billion
Our Values
“Deliver impact together the right way”
Lead the market on customer experience and service  
for focused customer segments
Stay competitive in providing value to customers by 
becoming more efficient
Leverage our ASEAN footprint as a differentiator  
where relevant
Invest in technology, digital and analytics to lead on 
service, experience and value
Be brilliant at the basics; end to end risk management, 
controls, performance orientation
How we will win
Universal in appeal:
Focus across all segments
Focused Bank:  
Consumer and SME; high quality Wholesale
ASEAN focus:  
ASEAN Wholesale and Preferred; niche in Commercial
Focused player: 
ASEAN Wholesale and Preferred; niche in
Consumer finance
Strong position:
Community-focused bank
Selective investments: 
Digital attacker leveraging on partnerships to 
create a hedge for the future
 
How we will compete
We enable and develop our people.
We want to be the best place for the best 
talent.
Enabling TalentE
We act in an ethical and trustworthy manner.
We take ownership of all our actions.
Integrity and AccountabilityI
We put customers at the heart of everything 
we do.
We always do right by them.
Customer CentricityC
We pursue excellence in all we do and deliver 
beyond the ordinary.
PassionP
We commit to team over individual success.
CIMB’s success is our success.
CollaborationC
Integrated Annual Report 2023
29
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 32 ----
 CIMB BANK
CIMB Bank is the Group’s commercial bank in Malaysia with 
217 branches across the country. It has subsidiaries in 
Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam, as well as branches in 
Singapore, Philippines, London, Hong Kong, Shanghai and a 
representative office in Yangon.
 CIMB INVESTMENT BANK
CIMB Investment Bank is a licensed entity offering curated 
advice and services to a number of client segments such 
as corporates, public sector, institutions and high-net worth 
individuals. CIMB Securities, which provides institutional 
stockbroking and equity research, is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of CIMB Investment Bank.
 CIMB ISLAMIC
CIMB Islamic is the Group’s Islamic banking and financial 
services franchise, with an extensive suite of innovative 
Shariah-compliant products and services. It operates in 
parallel with the Group’s banking platform.
OUR PROFILE
Our Retail and Institutional 
Customers: Around
25 
Million
Our Self-Service Access Points:
6,889
Our Retail Branches:
601
Our Workforce: Over
33,000
MALAYSIA
Branches: 217
SINGAPORE
Branch: 1
THAILAND
Branches: 54
INDONESIA
Branches: 309
Payment and Cash 
Centres, Digital Lounges 
and Mobile Cash Vans: 90
PHILIPPINES
Branches/Offices: 1
VIETNAM
Branches/Offices: 2
CAMBODIA
Branches/Offices: 14
MYANMAR
Representative Office: 1
OTHER MARKETS
GREATER CHINA
Branches: 2
(Shanghai, Hong Kong)
UNITED KINGDOM
Branch: 1
30
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Our 
Presence

---- Page 33 ----
Consumer
Banking
Transaction
Banking
Commercial
Banking
Islamic
Banking
Wholesale
Banking
CIMB Digital
Assets
 CIMB NIAGA
CIMB Niaga is the Group’s banking franchise 
in Indonesia. It is the 2nd largest private 
bank and 7th largest bank in Indonesia by 
assets. CIMB Niaga offers a comprehensive 
portfolio of conventional and Shariah 
banking services in Indonesia with over 300 
branches across the country.
 CIMB THAI BANK
CIMB Thai is the Group’s banking franchise 
in Thailand. It has been listed on the Stock 
Exchange of Thailand and is the 8th largest 
bank in Thailand by assets, with 54 
branches nationwide.
 CIMB BANK PLC
CIMB Cambodia is the Group’s banking 
franchise in Cambodia, with 14 branches 
across the country. It offers a wide range 
of banking products and services for 
individuals, businesses and corporates.
 CIMB BANK VIETNAM
Established in 2016, CIMB Vietnam was the 
first within the Group’s franchise to adopt a 
digital bank model. It is today recognised as 
one of Vietnam’s most innovative and 
emerging digital banks.
OUR PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS
Integrated Annual Report 2023
31
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 34 ----
1991
Bank of Commerce 
merges with United Asian 
Bank. In a major 
restructure, the merged 
banks become Bank of 
Commerce (Malaysia) 
Berhad, under holding 
company Commerce-
Asset Holding Berhad 
(CAHB). CIMB becomes a 
separate CAHB subsidiary.
2005
CIMB acquires Southern 
Bank. The new-look CIMB 
Group launches in the 
presence of the Malaysian 
Prime Minister Dato’ Sri 
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi.
2009
CIMB Group launches 
retail banking operations 
in Singapore. CIMB Group 
acquires a 19.99% stake 
in the Bank of Yingkou, 
China. Holding company 
BCHB is renamed as 
CIMB Group Holdings 
Berhad.
1987
Bank of Commerce 
successfully lists on Bursa 
Malaysia.
Bian Chiang Bank 
established in Kuching, 
Sarawak by brothers Wee 
Kheng Chiang and Wee 
Kheng Whatt and seven 
other partners.
2003
CIMB lists on Bursa 
Malaysia. The listing lasts 
only three years and 
delivers returns of 340% 
to shareholders.
1924
1974
Pertanian Baring Sanwa 
Multinational Bank (PBSM) 
established in Kuala 
Lumpur and launched by 
Prime Minister Tun Abdul 
Razak Hussein.
1999
Bank of Commerce 
(Malaysia) Berhad merges 
with Bank Bumiputra 
Malaysia Berhad to form 
Bumiputra-Commerce 
Bank Berhad.
1986
PBSM changes name to 
Commerce International 
Merchant Bankers Berhad 
(CIMB) after 
acquisition 
by Bank of 
Commerce.
32
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Milestones

---- Page 35 ----
2016
CIMB opens its first 
branch in Vietnam. This 
100% owned subsidiary 
allows CIMB to establish 
its presence in the 
country as a universal 
banking platform and 
strengthen its banking 
franchise in ASEAN.
2017
CIMB and China Galaxy 
Securities Group become 
50:50 shareholders in 
CIMB Securities 
International Pte, Ltd., 
repositioning CIMB’s 
stockbroking business as 
a pure play broker with 
the client base of a 
universal ASEAN bank.
2023
2019
CIMB Group, as a 
Founding signatory to the 
United Nations 
Environment Programme 
Finance Initiative 
Principles for Responsible 
Banking (PRB), makes a 
public commitment to 
mobilise and influence its 
networks towards 
sustainable business and 
lifestyle practices. The 
Group launches a 
sustainability roadmap to 
realise CIMB’s priority UN 
Sustainable Development 
Goals and held our 
inaugural The Cooler 
Earth Sustainability 
Summit 2019.
2021
CIMB became the first 
ASEAN bank to join the 
Net-Zero Banking Alliance 
and announced 
strengthened 
sustainability 
commitments, including 
mobilising RM30 billion 
towards sustainable 
finance by 2024 and 
achieving overall Net Zero 
GHG by 2050 (including 
financed emissions).
2020
CIMB became the first 
bank in Malaysia and the 
first significant emerging 
market bank globally to 
commit to phasing out 
coal from its portfolio by 
2040, reinforcing the 
Group’s commitment to 
effectively manage its 
footprint and create 
positive impact through 
green and sustainable 
products and services.
CIMB has strengthened its commitment to sustainability by 
raising its sustainable finance target to RM100 billion by 2024 
through the Group’s Green, Social, Sustainable Impact Products 
and Services (GSSIPS) Framework. This new target follows 
CIMB’s success in achieving the RM60 billion target announced 
in 2022 ahead of plan. To date, CIMB has mobilised close to 
over RM86.2 billion in sustainable finance since 2021.
CIMB and CIMB Islamic introduced their first branch with 
integrated sustainable features located in a Green Building 
Index (GBI) certified building at IOI City Towers @ IOI Resort 
City, Putrajaya. The branch exemplifies CIMB’s commitment 
to make banking services more inclusive and accessible to 
customers with special needs, and at the same time reduce 
its environmental impact.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
33
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 36 ----
Our strategic programme aimed at improving asset quality has yielded 
tangible results. The significant reduction in credit costs in FY23 and a 
commendable drop in the Gross Impaired Loan (GIL) ratio from 3.3% as 
at Dec-22 to 2.7% as at Dec-23 underscore the success of these efforts.
We also emphasised on a strong risk management culture and 
implemented proactive risk management strategies. This commitment 
extended to encouraging employees to report potential risk and 
compliance issues without fear of retaliation. The implementation of 
“Safeguarding the Bank” initiative on a bank-wide scale has prompted a 
more focused tone from the top, fostering greater recognition of staff 
contributions to operational risk mitigation.
Our initiatives in optimising capital and asset allocation and implementing 
a comprehensive finance transformation plan have all contributed to the 
Group’s stronger, more resilient financial structure.
TRANSFORM FUNDAMENTALS
Despite headwinds from the global macro-economic environment, CIMB 
Group delivered another year of strong performance resulting in an ROE 
of 10.7%, compared to reported ROE of 9.0% in FY22, displaying the best 
ROE expansion amongst Malaysian banks.
We recorded a solid rise in PBT by 14.0% and Net Profit by 28.3%, on 
the back of robust operating income growth. 
In the pursuit of financial resilience, CIMB also prioritised cost discipline 
amidst revenue pressures. We have reduced the Group’s CIR substantially 
from 53.4% in FY19 to 46.9% in FY23 with a structured cost take out of 
RM1 billion over three years.
DELIVERING SUSTAINABLE FINANCIAL RETURNS
We have made headway in fortifying operational resiliency and digital 
platform reliability with an investment of almost RM3.50 billion in capital 
expenditure over the last four years. This has enhanced digital 
transactions and platform uptime and markedly reduced the risk of 
operational lapses. 
Furthermore, we strengthened security measures against fraud and 
scams by launching a cross-divisional initiative to enhance fraud 
prevention and customer awareness, complemented by a new freeze 
function in our banking apps for immediate response to suspected fraud. 
These enhancements were critical in delivering a seamless and secure 
banking experience, thus strengthening our reputation as a customer-first 
institution in the ASEAN banking landscape.
The combined NPS score across our four core markets have improved, 
and is within 69% of the industry average, with notable progress in 
Malaysia and Thailand. We also recorded NPS improvements across all 
markets for both retail and non-retail segments, reflecting our 
strengthened customer relationships. 
CUSTOMER CENTRICITY
We surpassed our targets in 2023 to mobilise RM60 billion of sustainable 
finance under the Group’s Green, Social, Sustainable Impact Products and 
Services (GSSIPS), and subsequently revised this target to RM100 billion 
which is more than triple our initial target in 2021. 
We also set two new ambitious climate targets for our Palm Oil and 
Power portfolios, becoming the first bank globally to set a science-based 
decarbonisation target for our Palm Oil portfolio. 
Our global leadership in sustainability was acknowledged by our seventh 
ranking among 400 global financial institutions evaluated in the 2023 
Financial System Benchmark and our rating in the S&P Global Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment which improved from 80th percentile to 88 th 
percentile. 
Additionally, the bank-wide inculcation of our EPICC values reinforced a 
culture underscoring our dedication to being a purpose-driven 
organisation. These contributed to an improvement in Organizational 
Health Index (OHI) from 77 to 83, securing our position in the top 
quartile regionally.
PURPOSE-DRIVEN ORGANISATION
We carried the momentum of our 
Forward23+ strategy into 2023, 
navigating through global economic 
volatility with resilience. This year’s 
progress underscores our strategic 
vision of becoming the leading 
focused ASEAN bank committed to 
advancing customers and societies 
in our markets through a 
customer-centric approach.
BUSINESS   
HIGHLIGHTS
34
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Key 
Highlights
of 2023

---- Page 37 ----
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
DIVIDEND  
PER SHARE:
43.00 sen
OPERATING INCOME:
RM21.01 
billion
GROSS LOANS:
RM440.9 
billion
NET PROFIT:
RM6.98 
billion
TOTAL ASSETS:
RM733.6 
billion
DEPOSITS FROM 
CUSTOMERS:
RM497.7 
billion
ROE:
10.7%
CET1:
14.5%
 
Set FINANCIAL INCLUSION TARGETS for low income groups in Malaysia, with a goal to 
improve financial health and wellbeing
 
Published 2030 PARIS-ALIGNED TARGETS for our Power and Palm Oil Portfolios. FIRST 
BANK GLOBALLY to announce Paris-aligned targets for PALM OIL, and FIRST IN 
MALAYSIA for POWER
 
Launched Malaysia’s first comprehensive SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED FINANCING 
PROPOSITION for SMEs
 
Mobilised over RM86.2 BILLION in GREEN, SOCIAL, SUSTAINABLE IMPACT Products 
and Services since 2021. Tripled our sustainable finance target to RM100 BILLION by 
2024
 
INVESTED RM32.9 MILLION and OVER 203,000 VOLUNTEER HOURS in local communities
 
RANKED 12/150  among Financial Institutions, and TOP FOR PALM OIL for the strength 
and implementation of our commitments on our DEFORESTATION AND HUMAN RIGHTS 
POLICIES by Forest 500
Integrated Annual Report 2023
35
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 38 ----
DATO’ ABDUL RAHMAN AHMAD
CEO’s
Reflections
Group


---- Page 39 ----
The global economic landscape in 2023 was characterised by a complex interplay of 
challenges and opportunities. Despite the continuing recovery from the disruptions caused 
by the COVID-19 pandemic, uncertainties persisted. The year witnessed dynamic shifts in 
trade disputes, worsening geopolitical tensions, and ongoing inflationary pressures.  
This led to a prolonged period of high US Dollar interest rates, which affected global 
growth. The varying pace of economic growth across regions influenced market sentiments 
and investment decisions. In addition, the sudden collapse of two prominent banks sent 
shockwaves and exposed certain vulnerabilities within the global financial industry. 
Regulatory authorities responded swiftly, implementing measures to enhance regulatory 
oversight and restore resilience in the global financial system. This proactive action 
underscored a commitment to safeguarding the integrity of financial markets and 
restoring investor confidence. These events served as a reminder of the importance  
of robust risk management practices within financial institutions.
Within the ASEAN region, economic dynamics reflected a nuanced picture, showcasing  
resilience in the face of uncertainties. Domestic consumption, supported by improving 
consumer sentiment and rising disposable incomes with continued Foreign Direct Investment 
(FDI) continued to play a crucial role in stimulating economic activity. However, governments 
had to strike a balance between fostering economic expansion and managing their monetary 
policy in view of currency movements against the strong US Dollar. In the major markets  
CIMB operates in, Malaysia recorded a GDP growth of 3.8%, Indonesia 5.1%, Singapore 1.1%  
and Thailand 1.9%.
From the regional financial industry perspective, loan demand remained robust while banks 
encountered fierce competition for deposits, exerting pressure on Net Interest Margins (NIM) 
levels across the industry. As a consequence, average NIMs dipped below pre-pandemic levels, 
impacting income growth for banks across Malaysian and ASEAN markets. Notably, Singapore 
stood out as an exception, benefiting from significant liquidity inflows.
Against this backdrop, CIMB Group maintained its unique position as a leading focused ASEAN 
Bank and delivered strong positive performance guided by our strategic plan, Forward23+.
GDP growth
 Malaysia
3.8%
 Singapore
1.1%
 Indonesia
5.1%
 Thailand
1.9%
“CIMB Group maintained 
its unique position as a 
leading focused ASEAN 
Bank Bank and delivered 
strong positive performance 
guided by our strategic plan, 
Forward23+.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
37
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 40 ----
As we reflect on the macroeconomic environment, the Group remained vigilant and agile in 
responding to evolving challenges and capitalising on emerging opportunities. The strategic 
initiatives undertaken by CIMB were informed by an understanding of these factors, which 
resulted in the Group meeting most of its FY23 targets. Our Profit Before Tax (PBT) and Net 
Profit grew by 14.0% and 28.3% YoY to reach RM9.54 billion and RM6.98 billion respectively. 
This translated to a Return on Equity (ROE) of 10.7%, compared to the reported ROE of 
9.0% in FY22.
Our robust operating income grew by 5.9% YoY to hit RM21.01 billion, driven by strong 
growth in Non-Interest Income (NOII) of 36.5% YoY from investment and market-related 
income. This offsets the challenging Net Income margin (NIM) environment caused by the 
continued elevated cost of deposits, with Net Interest Income (NII) dipping 3.5% to RM14.63 
billion. Total gross loans, deposits and CASA grew strongly by 8.3%, 8.1% and 11.5% YoY, 
respectively, underpinned by growth across all countries and business segments.
We saw a marginally higher Cost-to-Income (CIR) ratio of 46.9% as our Operating Expenses 
(OPEX) rose by 6.9% YoY due to cost inflationary pressures and technology investments. 
Total provisions declined by 26.4% YoY, with credit cost improving from 51bps in FY22 to 
32bps in FY23, in line with the moderated credit environment and sustained improvement 
in asset quality from portfolio reshaping.
The operating income growth and lower provision enabled us to deliver another year of 
strong growth in profits, making CIMB now the clear top two Malaysian banks by absolute 
profit metric. We remained well-capitalised with a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio of 
14.5%, which is above our target of more than 13.5%. Given the strong capital position 
coupled with the healthy financial performance, we were able to distribute record dividends 
to our shareholders amounting to RM4.59 billion, which incorporated a special dividend of 
RM747 million, providing our shareholders with higher returns.
Compared to the other industry players, CIMB displayed the best ROE expansion amongst 
Malaysian banks and achieved strongest operating income growth as all players grappled 
with constrained NII growth and NIM compression, reflecting #teamCIMB’s ability to adapt 
and navigate challenges swiftly.
CIMB was also one of the best performing large cap stocks where our share price has 
nearly doubled from RM3.18 as at 1 June 2020 to RM6.43 as at 28 February 2024, 
representing a value creation of around RM38.1 billion, with an annualised total 
shareholders return of 20.7% as compared to KLCI of 1.0% over the same period.
At our 1H23 results press conference with Khairul Rifaie, our Group Chief Financial Officer
Net Profit
RM6.98
BILLION 28.3% YoY
CAN YOU ELABORATE ON CIMB GROUP’S 2023 KEY FINANCIAL METRICS? HOW DO THESE METRICS COMPARE TO 
INDUSTRY BENCHMARKS?
“CIMB displayed the best ROE expansion amongst 
Malaysian banks and achieved strongest operating 
income growth as all players grappled with 
constrained NII growth and NIM compression, 
reflecting #teamCIMB’s ability to adapt and navigate 
challenges swiftly.
38
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group CEO’s Reflections

---- Page 41 ----
The Group strategically implemented a series of initiatives that significantly strengthened  
its competitive position across key operational dimensions. One principal focus was on 
strengthening our Current Account Savings Account (CASA) and Deposit franchise, with a 
suite of initiatives deployed across all business segments and countries. The impact is 
notable, demonstrated by the 11.5% YoY growth in CASA, resulting in a CASA ratio of  
41.2%, which exceeds the industry average. This achievement surpasses the pre-pandemic 
CASA ratio of 34.4% recorded as at end Dec-19.
Furthermore, the Group made significant progress in expanding its NOII, driven by 
investment and market-related income and structured realisation of NPL sale programme. 
This led to NOII to Total Income ratio growing significantly from 23.6% in FY22 to a strong 
30.4% in FY23.
In the pursuit of financial resilience, CIMB also prioritised cost discipline amidst revenue 
pressures. We have reduced the Group’s CIR substantially from 53.4% in FY19 to 46.9% in 
FY23 with a structured cost take out of RM1 billion over 3 years. However, we acknowledge 
given the inflationary pressure and the ongoing need for technology investments, it is 
imperative for us to double our efforts in cost management, going forward.
Our strategic programme aimed at improving asset quality has yielded tangible results. The 
significant reduction in credit costs in FY23 and a commendable drop in the Gross Impaired 
Loan (GIL) ratio from 3.3% as at Dec-22 to 2.7% as at Dec-23 underscore the success of 
these efforts.
Lastly, we have made headway in fortifying operational resiliency and digital platform 
reliability. With an investment of almost RM3.50 billion in capital expenditure over the last 
four years, this initiative has significantly enhanced our digital platform availability, facilitated 
robust growth in digital transactions, and markedly reduced the risk of operational lapses. 
These strategic investments reflect the bank’s commitment to technology and operational 
excellence, positioning it as a leader in the ever-evolving financial landscape.
All the accomplishments above are proof of the hard work of #teamCIMB, which ties back 
to the meaning and importance of embracing our values and culture, EPICC. Over the year, 
we had more engagements such as town halls and Teh Tarik sessions with senior leaders 
while rolling out our Signature Leadership programmes with renowned business schools 
such as IMD Business School, targeted at the next generation leaders in the organisation. 
We also had more than 800 senior leaders attending the Leadership and Culture Dialogue 
Series and taking part in navigating change as well as ways to make CIMB a better place for 
all employees. We are pleased that these efforts are reflected by the overall improvement of 
the Group’s Organizational Health Index (OHI) from the second quartile to the first quartile, 
with all countries making a considerable increase in their respective OHI scores.
With #teamCIMB Malaysia at our EPICC Karrrnivaaal in October
WHAT WERE THE KEY FOCUS STRATEGIC INITIATIVES IMPLEMENTED IN 2023 THAT PUT AN EDGE TO THE BANK’S 
COMPETITIVE POSITION?
Integrated Annual Report 2023
39
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 42 ----
In times of intensified regulatory scrutiny, CIMB implemented a proactive and collaborative 
approach. The bank engaged in continuous dialogue with regulatory bodies, fostering open 
communication channels to address concerns and seek clarification on regulatory 
expectations. Regular consultations with regulators allowed CIMB to align its practices with 
evolving standards and anticipate potential compliance hurdles. We also acknowledge the 
need to further improve our efforts towards positioning CIMB as a responsible and 
compliant financial institution within the diverse regulatory landscape of ASEAN.
CIMB prioritised a culture of risk and compliance throughout our operations from the top 
down by emphasising a strong risk management culture and implementing proactive risk 
management strategies. Leadership actively communicated the importance of regulatory 
adherence, embedding a strong risk and compliance ethos within the organisational culture. 
This involved fostering awareness and understanding of regulatory requirements among all 
staff members, ensuring that compliance was ingrained through regular training sessions 
and establishing communication channels to keep employees updated on evolving regulatory 
landscapes, empowering them to make informed decisions aligned with compliance 
standards. This commitment extended to encouraging employees to report potential risk 
and compliance issues without fear of retaliation. The implementation of “Safeguarding the 
Bank” initiative on a bank-wide scale has prompted a more focused tone from the top, 
fostering greater recognition of staff contributions to operational risk mitigation.
The management of operational risk at our organisation has also seen significant 
enhancements. Firstly, the setup of the Risk Control Unit (RCU) across all business units  
and enablers in Malaysia has strengthened our operational risk controls at the forefront, 
enhancing our ability to identify and mitigate risks effectively. We have also strengthened 
our product approval processes and governance, placing a heightened emphasis on holistic 
risk assessments and operational readiness to ensure the robustness of our offerings. 
Moreover, through enhanced reconciliation governance and monitoring tools, we have made 
significant strides towards elimination of late or non-submissions of general ledger account 
reconciliations, underscoring our commitment to operational excellence.
Lastly, our Risk and Controls framework has been bolstered with streamlined risk taxonomy 
and more prescriptive assessment methodologies, further enhancing our ability to identify, 
assess, and mitigate risks across the organisation’s operations. These initiatives collectively 
reinforce our dedication to put a more effective risk framework in place and ensure the 
resilience of our operations.
Overall, the Group’s success in navigating risk challenges across ASEAN can be attributed to 
its holistic approach, combining technology, proactive engagement, and a culture of risk and 
compliance to ensure the bank’s operations align with regulatory expectations in the diverse 
markets it serves.
HOW DID CIMB NAVIGATE OPERATIONAL RISK AND REGULATORY CHALLENGES, AND WHAT STRATEGIES WERE 
IMPLEMENTED TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE?
“The implementation of “Safeguarding the Bank” 
initiative on a bank-wide scale has prompted a more 
focused tone from the top, fostering greater 
recognition of staff contributions to operational risk 
mitigation.
40
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group CEO’s Reflections

---- Page 43 ----
I am proud to share our consistent and bold efforts to make sustainability a core strategic 
pillar and seeing our ESG and sustainability journey growing from strength to strength.
We recognise the limited time we have to transition to a sustainable economy and the 
narrowing window of opportunity for positive climate action, and we are accelerating our 
efforts. In the three years to FY23, we cumulatively achieved RM86.2 billion of sustainable 
finance under the Group’s Green, Social, Sustainable Impact Products and Services (GSSIPS) 
Framework. Having surpassed our target this year to mobilise RM60 billion of sustainable 
finance by 2024, the Group revised our target to RM100 billion, which is more than triple 
our initial target announced in 2021.
In keeping with our commitment to Net Zero by 2050, including Scope 3 financed 
emissions, we have set interim climate targets and created transition plans for our high-
carbon emitting industry portfolios. CIMB published a whitepaper, which provides an 
overview of the approach and methodologies taken to set our 2030 Net Zero targets that 
are science-based in line with a 1.5-degree scenario.
In 2023, we set two new ambitious climate targets for our Palm Oil and Power portfolios, 
making us the first bank globally to set a science-based decarbonisation target for our Palm 
Oil portfolio. The first target is to achieve a 16% reduction in emissions intensity by 2030 
through active engagement with clients to shift production towards sustainable palm oil.  
The second target is to achieve a 38% reduction in emissions intensity by 2030 by focusing 
on low-carbon and renewable alternatives, and to accelerate the decarbonisation plans of 
our clients in the power sector. We take pride in the fact that beyond our own business,  
we are partnering with our clients to accelerate their transition to sustainable business 
practices.
During the year, CIMB Malaysia signed a Memorandum of Collaboration (MoC) with Bursa 
Malaysia for a partnership on Bursa Carbon Exchange (BCX), which offers a streamlined 
trading platform for high quality carbon credits via standardised contracts. Through capacity-
building initiatives, the collaboration aims to build awareness of voluntary carbon markets 
and increase access to carbon credits for CIMB’s clients.
Finally, our commitment to sustainability was further demonstrated through the 
enhancement of our GreenBizReadyTM programme, offering SMEs valuable access to partners 
and resources aimed at elevating their competitiveness and facilitating cost savings through 
sustainable practices. An additional initiative involved the introduction of a Sustainability-
Linked Financing programme tailored for SMEs in Malaysia. This innovative programme not 
only provides financial incentives for improved sustainability disclosures and performance, 
but also provides simple tools for SMEs to measure their emissions. At the same time, 
recognising the growing emphasis on human rights risks within global supply chains, we 
took proactive steps to partner and assist SME clients with high human rights risks, fostering 
increased awareness and the implementation of best practices to effectively address and 
mitigate these risks.
All the above contributed to CIMB’s rating in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment which improved from 80 th percentile to 88 th percentile. Furthermore, out of 400 
global financial institutions evaluated in the 2023 Financial System Benchmark, CIMB secured 
the seventh spot worldwide. This benchmark examines performance across governance and 
strategy domains, reaffirming CIMB’s commitment to excellence in sustainability.
Unlocking Insights panel with Dato’ Amirul Feisal, En Zulqarnain Onn and Datuk Seri Amir Hamzah at The Cooler 
Earth event in September 2023
WHAT KEY STRIDES IN SUSTAINABILITY DID CIMB MAKE IN 2023, AND HOW DOES THE BANK BALANCE FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY?
Integrated Annual Report 2023
41
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 44 ----
The global economic outlook remains uncertain with world economic growth expected to 
further moderate from 2.6% in 2023 to 2.4% in 2024. The expected constrained growth 
stems from several factors, including the potential delayed impact of quantitative easing. 
While it is likely that policy rates in major advanced economies have reached or are very 
close to their peak, any rate cuts expected this year are anticipated to be gradual, despite  
a noticeable easing of inflationary pressures worldwide.
Turning our attention to the ASEAN-5 economies, a growth projection of 4.6% in 2024 
reflects the region’s resilience amid an increasingly uncertain external environment. However, 
despite decelerating inflation, regional central banks are expected to be more circumspect 
with regards to employing looser monetary policies in an effort to stem further currency 
depreciation. The impact of global elections and geopolitical instability further adds to the 
uncertainties, emphasising the need for a cautious stance.
In navigating these complex economic dynamics in the final year of our Forward23+ Strategy, 
CIMB will prioritise the execution of our focused strategies in 2024. We will place continued 
significance on enhancing CASA and deposit franchise, with an emphasis on effective balance 
sheet management to improve NIM regionally, as well as sustaining growth in NOII through 
wealth management, affluent and our one bank wholesale strategy to provide a buffer 
against challenging NII growth in 2024.
We further expect CIMB Digital Assets to start contributing positively to the Group’s financial 
performance driven by CIMB Philippines having broken even in 2023, and TNG Group and 
CIMB Vietnam moving in the right direction towards financial sustainability.
Amid inflationary pressures and the need for continued technological investments, it is 
critical for us to continue managing costs with discipline through productivity gains, ensuring 
efficiency and sustainability.
Another area of focus is the pivotal roles of asset quality and sustaining the Group’s credit 
costs. Through rigorous monitoring and proactive measures, we seek to further strengthen 
our loan portfolio, thereby reducing the new formation of non-performing loans and driving 
down impaired loan ratio. Additionally, efforts will be directed towards sustaining credit costs 
at optimal levels and ensuring prudent provisioning practices. By prioritising asset quality 
and credit risk management, we aim to fortify our financial position and reinforce investor 
confidence in the years ahead.
The bank’s strategic roadmap for 2024 also underscores a heightened focus on technology 
investment and operational resiliency improvements. In an increasingly digitised landscape, 
the bank recognises the imperative of leveraging technology particularly in advanced digital 
platforms and data analytics to drive customer acquisition and elevate customer 
experiences. Investments in automation tools are prioritised to streamline processes, reduce 
costs to serve, and mitigate operational risks. Concurrently, the bank places a strong 
emphasis on strengthening operational resiliency, ensuring robust infrastructure, and 
implementing comprehensive contingency plans to mitigate potential disruptions. By aligning 
technology investment with operational resiliency enhancements, the bank aims to reinforce 
its competitive edge, adapt to evolving market dynamics, and position itself for sustainable 
growth in 2024 and beyond.
IN YOUR FINAL SPRINT OF FORWARD23+ STRATEGY, WHAT IS YOUR OUTLOOK ON THE ECONOMY AND BANKING 
INDUSTRY, AND HOW WILL IT AFFECT CIMB’S POSITIONING IN THE COMING YEAR?
Group Executive Committee (GEXCO) members and their leaders at our offsite meeting in September 2023
42
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group CEO’s Reflections

---- Page 45 ----
In 2023, there were several key leadership changes to help the Group be more focused  
in order to meet our ambitious Forward23+ targets and ambition. We welcomed the 
appointment of Ahmad Shazli Kamarulzaman and Lawrence Darius Loh as Co-CEOs of 
Group Commercial and Transaction Banking, and also expanded Gurdip Singh’s role to 
Group Chief Operating & People Officer. I would also like to thank Rafe Haneef, CEO of 
Group Transaction Banking and CIMB Foundation, who left our Group May 2023, for his 
contributions to the Group.
At the Board level, there has been an injection of new board members and I am pleased to 
welcome Datin Azlina binti Mahmad to the Board of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad, Christina 
Ong, Dr. Nurmazilah Dato’ Mahzan and Kee E-Lene to the Board of CIMB Bank Berhad; 
Zuhaida Zulkifli to the Board of CIMB Islamic Berhad; and Raymond Yeoh Cheng Seong and 
Tan Ting Min as Chairman and Board Member of CIMB Investment Bank Berhad, 
respectively. We now have a very diverse multi skilled Board, and I am confident their 
experience and exposure will add value to the Board’s oversight and strategic decision-
making.
Meanwhile, allow me to express my sincerest gratitude to Robert Neil Coombe, our very  
first Sustainability Sponsor on CIMB Group Holdings Berhad; Teoh Su Yin, Senior 
Independent Director of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad and Chairperson/Board Member of 
CIMB Investment Bank Berhad, and Nadzirah Abd Rashid, Board Member of CIMB Bank 
Berhad and CIMB Investment Bank Berhad who had retired in 2023 as well Hafriz Rahman 
who had also relinquished his position as a Board member of CIMB Bank in January 2024. 
Their guidance has been instrumental in the strength of CIMB’s business performance, and 
we wish them all the best in their future endeavours.
We are also deeply saddened by the passing of Surina Shukri, a Board Member of CIMB 
Investment Bank in February 2024. It was a privilege to have her on our board where she 
played an important role in driving our growth and contributed immensely to our 
Investment Banking franchise.
To our esteemed Chairman and Board of Directors, I thank you for your unwavering trust, 
support and confidence. I would also like to express my appreciation to the regulatory 
authorities for their diligent oversight of the banking industry and invaluable guidance 
amidst the evolving regulatory landscape. Our profound thanks also go to our shareholders, 
customers, clients, peers, and partners for their continued faith and trust in our endeavours.
Finally, I would like to convey my heartfelt appreciation to #teamCIMB for your hard work 
and valuable contributions to bring us to where we are today. I know it has not been an 
easy journey so, from the bottom of my heart, I thank you for the commitment and 
support. I look forward to collaborating closely with each of you as we strive to achieve our 
goal of becoming the leading focused ASEAN bank.
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
Group Chief Executive Officer
CONCLUSION AND APPRECIATION
With Chairman and senior management at the Kelantan state town hall in October
Integrated Annual Report 2023
43
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 46 ----
2023: MILDLY POSITIVE GROWTH
2023 was regarded as a soft landing, albeit more subdued 
than expected. Globally, growth slowed to 2.7% from 3.5% 
in 20221. Headline inflation trended lower while core 
inflation mirrored a similar but slower trajectory, neither 
completely normalised.
The US, while bracing for the worst amid soaring inflation in 
2022, avoided a recession altogether and revised growth 
upwards. Exceeding expectations, US GDP and labour 
market showed resilience while inflation decelerated. GDP 
growth is now on track to reach pre-pandemic levels.
The Asian economic region was buoyed by strong domestic 
demand, driven also by the reopening of China’s economy 
and downward inflation. Southeast Asian growth slowed to 
4.0% compared to 5.6% in 2022 due to tightening policies 
to control inflation and weaker trade demand.
WHAT WERE THE ECONOMIC AND 
MARKET FORCES IN PLAY IN 2023?
The US hit its debt ceiling in January 2023, sparking 
concerns of default. As the year progressed, the unexpected 
resilience of the US economy quelled fears of a near 
recession. Chinese growth was dampened by its struggling 
property sector, which saw more than a 30% rise in 
property foreclosures across the country. The debt-riddled 
real estate sector accounts for roughly 30% of China’s 
economy, creating spillover effects on external trade. The 
prolonged Russia-Ukraine conflict continued to destabilise 
food and energy security, forcing countries to establish or 
accelerate alternatives.
HOW DID THE MALAYSIAN ECONOMY 
PERFORM IN THIS LANDSCAPE?
Despite weaker external demand, domestic demand in the 
country underscored growth bolstered by household 
spending due to improvements in the labour market. 
Accelerated project implementation, rebounding tourism 
sector, and favourable labour conditions sustained growth at 
3.7%, down from 8.7% in 20222.
The services sector, particularly tourism, recovered further 
while agriculture and mining activities were hampered by the 
climate. Low commodity prices and external demand 
weakened prospects in Malaysia’s financial markets, further 
dampened by lacklustre global conditions and tightening 
policies in external markets.
Government spending drove investment, and investment-
related loan demand remained healthy. Outstanding 
corporate bonds grew to 4.9% from 4.4%, and outstanding 
household loans grew to 5.1%, albeit with slower growth in 
outstanding business loans overall3.
The ringgit slumped against the dollar by 5.8% in the 
second quarter of 2023. Still, it rose again by 1.1% in the 
third quarter, supported by expectations that US monetary 
policy will soon end and improving financial market 
conditions.
2024: PERSISTENT FRAGILITY
WHAT IS THE GLOBAL OUTLOOK, AS 
PER YOUR ANALYSIS?
Globally, projections for economic activity are cautiously 
optimistic. Despite some heightened tail risks – mainly driven 
by the escalation in geopolitical conflicts in the Middle East 
and South China Sea – fears of a recession have abated, 
replaced by expectations of a soft landing. The International 
Monetary Fund revised the predicted GDP growth rate to 
2.9% in 20244, with the World Bank forecasting a slower 
rate of 2.4% 5.
On the upside, monetary tightening has largely halted as 
inflation decelerates further for many economies. A key 
development will be the reversal of the US Federal Reserve’s 
policy rate hikes, expected in the second half of 2024.
On the other hand, geopolitical risks and guarded policies 
threaten to destabilise commodity prices, which dispersed 
considerably in 2023. China’s handling of its property slump 
could dampen demand in the regional and global markets. 
At the same time, threats of a trade war between the US 
and China offer both risks and opportunities for their trade 
partners in Asia.
1 https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO
2 https://www.mof.gov.my/portal/en/news/press-citations/strong-8-7-gdp-growth-for-2022-shows-restored-confidence-in-
national-economy-anwar
3 https://www.bnm.gov.my/-/qb23q2_en_pr
4 https://fortune.com/2023/10/10/imf-cuts-2024-growth-forecast-world-economy-loses-momentum-high-interest-rates-
russia-war-ukraine/
5 https://www.worldbank.org/en/news/press-release/2024/01/09/global-economic-prospects-january-2024-press-release
6 https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2023/10/18/tr101823-transcript-of-press-briefing-on-reo-for-asia-and-pacific-
singapore-october-2023
7 https://belanjawan.mof.gov.my/pdf/belanjawan2024/economy/economy-2024.pdf
8 https://theedgemalaysia.com/node/682038
44
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Economic Review and Outlook

---- Page 47 ----
Within Malaysia, the economy 
is projected to grow between 
4.0-5.0% in 2024, with headline 
and core inflation moderating 
further, as predicted by the 
Ministry of Finance7.
CLIMATE CHANGE: THE ECONOMICS OF JUST TRANSITION
BROADLY, WHAT IS THE CURRENT STATUS OF THE CLIMATE?
In the AR6 Synthesis Report published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in 2023, certain future 
scenarios as a result of climate change are inevitable or irreversible. However, their extent can be curtailed through 
profound, swift, and consistent cuts to greenhouse gas emissions globally. Collectively, we are losing time, as adaptation 
options become unfeasible with the passing of time and as global temperatures continue to rise due to historical, as well as 
new, emissions. Our current trajectory pushes us towards adaptation limits, where human and natural systems are unable to 
cope with the impacts.
Broad progress has been made in climate adaptation and mitigation. However, gaps persist where global financial flows are 
insufficient to meet climate goals. The silver lining is that in spite of the seemingly insurmountable task at hand, net negative 
emissions may be effective in gradually reducing global temperatures. Considering the difficulty of reaching Net Zero, this 
should not be a strategy we should rely on. Political commitment, well-coordinated multi-level governance and institutional 
frameworks collectively facilitate effective climate action. Accelerated climate action is contingent on critical enablers such as 
finance, technology, and international cooperation.
WHAT DOES YOUR CRYSTAL BALL SAY 
ABOUT THE ASEAN-5, INCLUDING 
YOUR HOME MARKET?
The medium-term outlook remains moderate, but the 
ASEAN-5 economies will be sustained by strong domestic 
demand and resilience in key sectors and financial systems. 
Forecasts put average GDP growth among the ASEAN-5 at 
4.6% and inflation at a further year-on-year decline at 3.5% 
in 20246. As a primary sector in the ASEAN-5, agriculture will 
face challenges due to the combined effects of El Nino and 
the changing climate. Manufacturing, as another key sector, 
will likely be restrained by weak external demand.
Downside risks exist, such as volatile commodity prices 
exacerbated by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict. While 
China’s regulators are yet to see significant effects of 
property easing measures, the crisis continues to threaten 
the domestic financial sector and cause ripple effects across 
the region.
Within Malaysia, the economy is projected to grow between 
4.0-5.0% in 2024, with headline and core inflation 
moderating further, as predicted by the Ministry of Finance7. 
We expect gross export growth to remain modest at 5.1% 
due to weak external demand, while private consumption is 
expected to grow slightly to 5.7% from 5.6% in 2023 and 
domestic demand from 4.9% growth to 5.3%. Public 
investment is expected to grow by 3.9% year-on-year largely 
due to federal government expenditure to support the 
ongoing implementation of projects, notably the 
development of industrial parks in Sabah and Sarawak, 
Perlis, and Kelantan, as well as the Central Spine Road and 
the National Digital Network Plan. Meanwhile, private 
investment is predicted to grow 6.4% year-on-year, boosted 
by projects across key economic areas8.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
45
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 48 ----
WHAT HAS BEEN SOME GLOBAL 
ACTION TO ADDRESS MITIGATION AND 
JUST TRANSITION?
Climate change disproportionately affects marginalised 
communities and low-income economies, highlighting the 
need for a just transition. The main outcome of COP27 was 
the agreement to set up a loss and damage fund. Rather 
than mitigation, the fund focuses on compensating the most 
vulnerable nations for climate-related damage. Its principles 
are in line with a just transition, where financial flows are 
channelled to assist at-risk nations in adapting to the effects 
of climate change.
Fast forward to 2023, leaders have ironed out the details of 
the fund mechanism weeks ahead of COP28. At the crux of 
it lies voluntary contributions as the source of funding. This 
raises further questions as to the effectiveness of 
fundraising, the justness of the mechanism if no country is 
obligated to pay, or how funds will be allocated.
The UN’s COP is the single biggest concerted effort to 
facilitate collective climate action between governments. 
However, whether towards adaptation or mitigation, global 
action lags behind what is needed to avert the worst of 
climate change. Climate action cannot rely on goodwill or 
compensation alone – leaders need to raise the stakes if 
climate mitigation and a just transition are to be achieved.
On the other hand, the financial sector has never before 
been as conscious of the stakes and its responsibility as it is 
now. In 2021/2022, the world rallied USD1.3 trillion in 
climate finance, the majority of it concentrated among 
high-polluting nations (China, the US, Europe, Brazil and 
Japan)9.
Governments and corporations are pledging support, with 
149 nations and 929 companies committed to Net Zero in 
the Net Zero Stocktake 2023 report10. Governments and 
regulators are working closely with the private sector to 
deploy innovative financial mechanisms or provide climate-
related incentives and to facilitate a green transition, an 
encouraging sign of the global consensus to take collective 
action.
HOW DOES CLIMATE CHANGE AFFECT 
THE ECONOMICS OF THE FINANCIAL 
SECTOR?
The Climate Policy Initiative concludes that current “climate 
finance must increase by at least five-fold annually, as 
quickly as possible, to avoid the worst impacts of climate 
change”. This translates into strategic decision-making in 
financial institutions that prioritise rapid shifts to low-
emissions or cleaner alternatives. Financial Institutions (FIs) 
must be very selective about capital allocation as the sector 
undergoes a massive shift in supporting a green transition. 
Climate risks and opportunities are being reviewed at the 
portfolio level and integrated into risk management 
frameworks.
Within this transition, capital allocation is focused on several 
high-impact sectors. Notably, the majority of climate finance 
is channelled into clean energy investment. Where financing 
falls short, large pockets of opportunity exist in agriculture 
and industry, as well as emerging technologies such as 
battery storage and hydrogen, which are both sectors with 
high impact in the climate transition.
HOW IS CIMB BUILDING THE RESILIENCE 
OF ITS ASEAN FINANCING PORTFOLIO 
TOWARDS JUST TRANSITION?
Across the board, FIs and investors are reassessing 
portfolios and investing criteria, developing ESG or climate 
frameworks to integrate sustainability and climate-related 
risks into decision-making. CIMB is fully committed, with due 
recognition, that being prepared for a role in the climate 
transition will position the business to anticipate the 
challenges and risks ahead.
Through our Green, Social, Sustainable Impact Products and 
Services (GSSIPS) Framework, we channel accessible financing 
to ESG-related business activity, including climate-related 
projects and infrastructure. In 2023, we exceeded our RM60 
billion sustainable finance target set for 2024, reaching 
RM86.2 billion since 2021. Building on this success, we have 
now expanded our commitment to RM100 billion by 2024.
Simultaneously, we have stepped up engagement with new 
clients in transitioning toward a low-carbon, climate-resilient 
economy. Our primary focus is on strengthening 
collaborations with energy clients, governments, and various 
stakeholders to bolster their energy and electrification 
initiatives, specifically by providing financing for cleaner 
energy sources like solar and wind. The Group reduced 
Thermal Coal Mining exposure to 63% compared to our 
2021 baseline as of the end of 2022, in line with our 
commitment to divest from coal entirely by 2040.
As a Net-Zero Banking Alliance signatory, the Group is 
formulating reduction targets for other carbon-intensive 
sectors. In 2023, a new goal was set for the Group’s entire 
Palm Oil portfolio to reduce emissions intensity by 16% by 
2030, including Scope 1, 2 and upstream Scope 3 emissions. 
This target aligns with our No Deforestation, No Peat, and 
No Exploitation policy. Additionally, we have also set an 
emissions intensity reduction target for our Power portfolio 
of 38% by 2030, intending to redirect financing to cleaner 
energy alternatives.
9 https:// www.climatepolicyinitiative.org/publication/global-landscape-of-climate-finance-2023/
10 https:// zerotracker.net/analysis/net-zero-stocktake-2023
46
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Economic Review and Outlook

---- Page 49 ----
CREDIT RISK
Capitals 
Affected:
WHAT IS THE RISK AND WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Associated with failure of an obligor, market counterparty or an issuer 
of securities or other instruments held to perform contractual 
obligations to the Group
Financial  
Strength
Robust  
Relationships
Valued  
People
WHAT ARE THE MITIGATION ACTIONS PUT IN PLACE?
• Review and enhance credit risk policy framework to adapt existing prudent lending/
financing guidelines to current operating environment with the objective of minimising
 
credit defaults and losses
• Maintain a portfolio of credit risk which is adequately diversified by country, industry,
 
market, sector, product, customer segment and duration
• Monitor through Early Warning Indicators and Watchlist Process credit risk management
 
tool to identify deteriorating credits at early stages, thereby minimising any potential credit 
loss
• Conduct thematic stress test exercise on portfolio for early identification of potential
 
problematic accounts as part of the Group’s proactive management of portfolio
• Assess quality of loans/financing approved via a regular independent post-credit review
 
process
• Enhance 
management of asset quality by utilising improved Group Asset Quality Committee 
(GAQC) Dashboard and Heatmap to better forecast and manage Expected Credit Loss 
(ECL) and Gross Impaired Loan (GIL)
• Ensure provisioning sufficiency through management overlay provisioning for portfolio
 
under repayment/payment assistance
• Review 
and set direction periodically under the guidance of the Board Risk and Compliance 
Committee (BRCC) and Group Risk and Compliance Committee (GRCC) using the Risk 
Posture and Risk Appetite frameworks
• Identify, measure, monitor and manage credit risk within the approved Risk Appetite as
 
well as within the confines of the Group’s credit policies
• Provide oversight on various credit risk and governance, as well as review and report
 
exposures regularly to GRCC and BRCC
• Leverage data and analytics to assess portfolios, identify problem areas and decide on
 
corrective actions
• Adopt best practices for credit risk management in the region
• Keep abreast of market and regulatory developments which impact the Group’s credit risk
 
metrics and make recommendations for suitable changes
HOW DOES IT IMPACT SHARED VALUE?
Such risk creates potential losses and depletes financial capital, 
compromising our ability to allocate adequate investments to manage 
other material matters
HOW DO WE MEASURE SHARED VALUE?
• Credit quality (i.e. Delinquency, Impairment and Loan Loss Provision)
• Risk appetite metrics (Risk Adjusted Return on Capital or RAROC)
• Earnings and Growth
Integrated Annual Report 2023
47
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Key Risks and Mitigation

---- Page 50 ----
MARKET RISK
Capitals 
Affected:
WHAT IS THE RISK AND WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Associated with fluctuations in the value of financial instruments due 
to changes in market risk factors such as interest rates/profit rates, 
currency exchange rates, credit spreads, equity prices, commodities 
prices and their associated volatility
Financial  
Strength
Robust  
Relationships
Valued  
People
WHAT ARE THE MITIGATION ACTIONS PUT IN PLACE?
• Identify, measure, monitor and manage market risk within the approved Risk Appetite as  
well as the confines of the Market Risk Policy Framework
• Design and implement a best-in-class Market Risk Management and control environment
 
across the Group, supported by consistent and effective Group policy and procedures
• Provide oversight on various areas of risk and governance through the Group Market and
 
Conduct Risks Committee, a subcommittee of the GRCC that is supported by several 
working groups
• Provide constructive challenge to the first line-of-defence
• Introduce, promote and constantly evolve a culture which adopts the best practices for
 
market risk management in the region with the highest standards of quality and integrity
• Provide clear and considered guidance to the regional teams, to ensure any revision to
 
operating practices or processes is appropriately agreed by all stakeholders and 
communicated effectively
• Keep abreast of market and regulatory developments which impact the Group’s market
 
risk metrics and make recommendations for suitable changes
HOW DOES IT IMPACT SHARED VALUE?
Market risks affect our financial capital and losses beyond our risk 
appetite would pose challenges to managing performance and growth
HOW DO WE MEASURE SHARED VALUE?
• Market Risk Limits
• Risk appetite metrics
• Earnings and Growth
LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING RISK
Capitals 
Affected:
WHAT IS THE RISK AND WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Associated with the inability to efficiently meet the present and future 
funding needs or regulatory obligations, when due
Financial  
Strength
Robust  
Relationships
Valued  
People
WHAT ARE THE MITIGATION ACTIONS PUT IN PLACE?
• Maintain high-quality liquefiable assets (HQLA) and well-diversified sources of funds as  
liquidity risk buffer under both business-as-usual (BAU) and stress scenarios
• Measure, monitor and manage liquidity risk positions to comply with regulatory Basel III
 
liquidity risk requirements and internal risk appetite
• Perform semi-annual consolidated stress tests to identify vulnerable areas in portfolio
• Discuss and deliberate on liquidity risk and funding profile at the Group Asset Liability
 
Management Committee (Group ALCO), a subcommittee of GRCC
HOW DOES IT IMPACT SHARED VALUE?
Such risks may adversely affect business continuity and result in 
unacceptable losses in the mid-term
HOW DO WE MEASURE SHARED VALUE?
• Adequate HQLA
• Well diversified funding sources
48
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Key Risks and Mitigation

---- Page 51 ----
INTEREST RATE RISK/RATE OF RETURN RISK 
IN THE BANKING BOOK (IRRBB/RORBB)
Capitals 
Affected:
WHAT IS THE RISK AND WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Associated with the current and potential risk to the Group’s earnings 
and economic value arising from movement in interest rates/profit 
rates
Financial  
Strength
Robust  
Relationships
Valued  
People
WHAT ARE THE MITIGATION ACTIONS PUT IN PLACE?
• Measure, monitor and manage IRRBB/RORBB benchmarking against minimum Basel  
requirement and internal risk appetite
• Perform semi-annual consolidated stress tests to identify vulnerable areas in portfolio
• Discuss and deliberate IRRBB/RORBB at the Group Asset Liability Management Committee
 
(Group ALCO), a subcommittee of GRCCHOW DOES IT IMPACT SHARED VALUE?
Such risks may affect the Group’s financial position in the form of 
short term Net Interest Income (NII)/Net Profit Income (NPI) or longer 
term financial position
HOW DO WE MEASURE SHARED VALUE?
• Balance Sheet Composition
• Earnings and Growth
COUNTRY RISK
Capitals 
Affected:
WHAT IS THE RISK AND WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Associated with the risks attributed to country specific risk factors 
(such as economic, social, and institutional/political risk) as well as 
transferability & convertibility risk, resulting in an obligor being unable 
to fulfil their financial obligations to the Group
Financial  
Strength
Robust  
Relationships
Valued  
People
WHAT ARE THE MITIGATION ACTIONS PUT IN PLACE?
• Establish country limits to capture and manage country risk arising from credit exposure to  
obligors
• Review relevant country limits and business requirements through the Group Credit
 
Committee before approval of country limits
HOW DOES IT IMPACT SHARED VALUE?
Such risks may influence the internal policies and effectiveness of 
various credit and other strategies as they create potential losses and 
depletes financial capital, compromising our ability to allocate 
adequate investments to manage other material matters
HOW DO WE MEASURE SHARED VALUE?
• Country positions (brand and ranking)
• Earnings and Growth
Integrated Annual Report 2023
49
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 52 ----
SHARIAH NON-COMPLIANCE (SNC) RISK
Capitals 
Affected:
WHAT IS THE RISK AND WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Associated with non-compliance to various policies and regulations 
mandated by the Shariah Advisory Council (SAC) of Bank Negara 
Malaysia (BNM) and Securities Commission (SC), Board Shariah 
Committee (BSC) of the Group and other Shariah regulatory 
authorities of the jurisdictions where the Group operates
Financial  
Strength
Robust  
Relationships
Intellectual 
Capital
Valued  
People
WHAT ARE THE MITIGATION ACTIONS PUT IN PLACE?
• Establish the BSC and four Shariah functions, as required under BNM Shariah Governance  
Policy Document
• Develop Shariah-related policies and procedures, with necessary approvals from BSC for all
 
Islamic banking business and operations
• Deploy risk management tools to facilitate how Business Units (BU)/Business Enablers (BE)
 
identify and manage such inherent risks to business
• Develop SNC risk scenarios and stress test impact of non-compliance on bank’s capital
 
position
HOW DOES IT IMPACT SHARED VALUE?
Such risks may pose serious consequences in terms of compromised 
market reputation and credibility, profit could not be recognised, as 
well as legal sanctions and punitive damages
HOW DO WE MEASURE SHARED VALUE?
• Market positions (brand and ranking of Islamic banking)
• Integration of Value-based Intermediation (VBI) principles
• Earnings and Growth
SUSTAINABILITY RISKS
Capitals 
Affected:
WHAT IS THE RISK AND WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Associated with various economic, environmental, social and 
governance (EES&G) issues stemming from banking transactions/
activities, business operations or supply chain activities
Financial  
Strength
Robust  
Relationships
Natural  
Capital
Valued  
People
WHAT ARE THE MITIGATION ACTIONS PUT IN PLACE?
• Institutionalise Sustainability Risk Management Framework, and integrate sustainability  
considerations (including climate-related matters) into business decision-making
• Monitor sustainability risk profile of the Group’s business through the Group Sustainability
 
Council (GSC)
• Subscribe to local, regional and international standards and best practices to adopt and
 
promote principles for responsible banking
• Ensure effective implementation of appropriate policies, procedures and controls to
 
enhance EES&G performance
• Engage with high sustainability risk sector clients, as well as financing clients with
 
sustainability action plans
• Set sector specific Net Zero targets for carbon intensive sector portfolios, in order to
 
mitigate climate change transition risks
HOW DOES IT IMPACT SHARED VALUE?
Such risks may negatively impact our assets, relationships, reputation, 
costs, profitability, capital, competitiveness and our ability to deliver 
resilient long-term growth
HOW DO WE MEASURE SHARED VALUE?
• Market positions (EES&G performance on market indices)
• Adoption of Sustainability Standards (GRI, SASB etc.)
• Alignment to the UNEP FI Principles for Responsible Banking and
 
climate-related guidelines such as Guidelines for Climate Target 
Setting for Banks
50
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Key Risks and Mitigation

---- Page 53 ----
NON-FINANCIAL RISK
Capitals 
Affected:
WHAT IS THE RISK AND WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Operational Risk
Associated with losses resulting from inadequate or failed 
processes, people and systems or from external events. It 
includes legal risk but excludes strategic and Shariah 
noncompliance risks
Technology Risk
Associated with inadequate or weaknesses in strategy, people 
and process to manage technology & cyber assets, operations 
and information, or external events, which includes financial risk, 
regulatory/compliance risk and the risk of reputational loss/
damage
Outsourcing Risk
Associated with risk emanating from outsourcing arrangements 
that could result in a disruption to business operations, financial 
loss or reputational damage
Fraud Risk
Associated with the risk of loss resulting from an act or course 
of deception or omission with the intention to conceal, omit, 
distort, misrepresent, falsify, etc
Business Continuity Management
Associated with the challenge to manage disruptions well in 
order to get back to the business of running the organisation 
as quickly as possible
Financial  
Strength
Valued  
People
WHAT ARE THE MITIGATION ACTIONS PUT IN PLACE?
• Undertake on-going thematic and focused review/gap analysis on non-financial risk areas in  
an effort to improve the governance and effectiveness of control practices
• Carry-out operational risk stress tests focusing on the material risks impacting the Group’s
 
key business segments and systems
• Implement and continued enhancement of the Operational Risk Management framework,
 
including tools, methodologies and processes to effectively drive identification, assessment, 
management and reporting of material non-financial risks of the Group.
• Have in place a senior management committee (i.e., Group Operational and Resiliency Risk
 
Committee) at the Group and respective local countries, tasked to oversee the non- 
financial risk framework and policies, and to ensure they are appropriate for the size and 
complexity of the current and future operations of CIMB Group
• Institutionalise a Business Continuity Management (BCM) Steering Committee to promote
 
and maintain sound BCM practices, which reports directly to the Group Executive 
Committee (GEXCO)
• More robust outsourcing governance with involvement of subject matter experts from IT
 
Security, Business Continuity Management, Technology Risk Management, Procurement and 
Legal and establishment of Key Risk Indicators for monitoring of Outsourced Service 
Providers
• Ongoing enhancements and strengthening of Technology & Cyber Resilience to support
 
the Group’s Digital Transformation with implementation of Group-wide Technology Risk 
Management Framework and Policy that incorporates Cloud, Emerging Technologies and 
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning (AI/ML) Risk Frameworks, and supported with 
robust independent assurance programmes such as Red Teaming, and Independent Risk 
Assessment Programme for Technology (iRAPT)
HOW DOES IT IMPACT SHARED VALUE?
Non-financial risks may negatively impact the Group’s productivity, in 
particular, the Group’s Operational Resilience and its ability to 
continue to operate and provide the essential financial services to its 
customers when faced with disruption. Such risks, upon materialising, 
may also result in financial losses, negative customer experience, loss 
of competitive advantage and business failure, and these would 
eventually adversely impact the returns to our shareholders
HOW DO WE MEASURE SHARED VALUE?
• Earnings and Growth
Integrated Annual Report 2023
51
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 54 ----
5  Purpose-Driven Organisation a) Culture and Values b) Human Capital c) Sustainability
1   Delivering Sustainable 
Financial Returns
a) Reshape portfolio
• Accelerate profitable growth
• Fix & turnaround underperfoming
 
businesses
• Capital & balance sheet
 
optimisation
b)  Drive cost efficiency
• Embed cost discipline
• Increase productivity
c)  Digitise for value
• Address technology resiliency
• Digitise & automate front & back
 
office
• Focus on data & analytics
d)  Focused investments
• Deepen CASA & deposit franchise
• Invest in Wealth & Affluent
 
business, Wholesale, and 
Transaction Banking
• Grow Islamic finance
• Selected digital investments
2  Disciplined Execution
• Performance culture
• Regional operating model
3  Customer Centricity
• CX transformation including transforming customer  
journeys
• Treat Customers Fairly
4  Transform Fundamentals
• Risk management & asset quality
• Enhance operational resiliency
• Finance & compliance resiliency
VISION
To be the leading focused ASEAN bank
Strategic Themes
The Group's Forward23+ Strategic Plan (2020-2024), in its third year has been marked with improvements in CIMB's numbers and financial metrics. It is 
aimed at creating sustainable shareholder value through meaningful improvement in ROE contributed by improved asset quality, diversification of revenue 
and portfolio reshaping. The overall progress is very positive and provides good momentum to deliver Forward23+ targets, given the diversified ASEAN 
portfolio, providing a degree of earnings resiliency amidst the challenges in Malaysia post-COVID era. Our vision is to become the leading focused ASEAN 
bank by passionately embracing a customer-centric mindset to advance customers and societies in the markets where we operate.
Five strategic themes drive the turnaround plan, namely Delivering Sustainable Financial Returns, Disciplined Execution, Customer Centricity, 
Transform Fundamentals; and Purpose-Driven Organisation.
Group’s  Strategic Themes
52
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE

---- Page 55 ----
Strategic Themes
What Does It Mean? Stakeholders’ Expectations Priority Focus Areas (2023) Headline KPIs (2020-2024)*
1    Delivering  
Sustainable 
Financial Returns
Catalyse growth and 
turnaround businesses by 
tapping on high-potential 
opportunities across 
ASEAN
• Build a robust business portfolio, with promising  
returns
• Champion responsible banking operations that focus
 
on sustainable business growth
• Ensure a data-driven and fact-based dynamic asset
 
allocation
• Deliver leading digital solutions in key growth areas
• Deepen CASA and deposit franchise for retail and non-retail
• Enhance asset quality through increased focus on GIL, credit cost and
 
recoveries
• Improved RAROC and asset allocation in key growth areas around Consumer,
 
SME and selected Wholesale
•	 Strengthen
	Wealth
	and
	Affluent
	franchises
	through
	focused
	investments
	and	
greater regionalisation
• Continued cost discipline through stringent technology investments
 
prioritisation
	and
	enhanced
	staff
	productivity
• To become a leading focused ASEAN  
bank (top quartile) when measured 
by
	financial
	metrics
• Top quartile ROE
•	
CIR
	of
	≤45%
• CET1 of >13.5%
2    Disciplined  
Execution
Instil disciplined execution 
amongst #teamCIMB at all 
levels to manage 
performance, inculcate 
operational resiliency, 
improve efficiencies and 
accelerate growth
• Deliver organisational targets consistently
• Reduce organisational complexity to improve the
 
speed of decision making
• Recalibrate 
the operating model of the bank across its 
different
	markets
	and
	businesses
• Enhance the culture of risk and compliance awareness through “Safeguarding  
the Bank” campaign
• Continuous improvement to the performance management and KPI
 
framework
• Embedding of Target Empowerment and Alignment regional operating Model
 
(TEAM)
• Collective scorecards for bonus pool  
determination
• Implementation of initiatives to
 
embed Target Empowerment and 
Alignment Model (TEAM)
3    Customer  
Centricity
Deliver on our CX 
promises to make banking 
Easy, Efficient and always 
going the Extra Mile for 
our customers – CIMB 
Group’s key differentiator
• Deliver superior customer experience consistently
• Treat customers fairly
• Deploy agile solutions and accelerate digitalisation to
 
make operational processes and service delivery 
simpler,
	faster
	and
	more
	efficient
• Proactively safeguard our customers from fraud an
 
scams
•	 Transform 	customer 	journeys 	by 	accelerating 	digitalisation 	efforts
• Implement process reengineering and digitalisation initiatives to drive superior
 
customer experience and operational excellence
• Enhance key customer touchpoints to deliver on service level agreements
 
(SLA), channel reliability and uptime
• Strengthen end-to-end security controls to prevent and mitigate the
 
proliferation of fraud and scams in the market to safeguard our customers
• Top quartile in NPS
4    Transform  
Fundamentals
Ensure the ASEAN 
franchise has the right 
level of support and a 
uniform set of standards 
and guidelines to operate 
optimally
• Adopt a holistic approach to client selection,  
underwriting, market risks and collections
•	 Drive
	finance
	as
	the
	single
	source
	of
	truth,	
modernisation and automation of support processes,
 
and enhance compliance culture
• Ensure robust management of our capital position,
 
asset quality and balance sheet
• Instil culture of operational resiliency awareness and
 
responsibility across the organisation
• Strengthen operational processes from end to end,
 
including robust controls, regular monitoring and clear 
roles & responsibilities
• Ongoing comprehensive review of bank-wide operations to strengthen  
operational resiliency
• Deploy strategies to optimise capital, asset allocation and balance sheet
 
management
• Enhance funds transfer pricing (FTP) framework and governance to improve
 
guidance on pricing and return
•	 Ongoing
	implementation
	of
	group-wide
	finance
	transformation
	plan
	to	
strengthen
	finance
	resiliency
	and
	efficiency
• Capital Adequacy Ratio
• Credit Cost
•	
CIR
	of
	≤45%
5    Purpose-Driven  
Organisation
Advance customers and 
society through our 
corporate values and 
responsible banking 
practices, shaping a better 
tomorrow and a 
sustainable planet
•	 Build 	a 	culture 	that 	is 	reflective 	of 	a 	purpose-driven	
organisation
• Instil a #teamCIMB mindset through EPICC values of
 
Enabling Talent, Passion, Integrity and Accountability, 
Collaboration and Customer Centricity
• Demonstrate environmental stewardship in own
 
operations
	and
	financed
	activities,
	and
	deploy
	capital	
to green and low-carbon projects
•	
Reduce
	social
	inequalities
	by
	enabling
	financial
	inclusion,	
and by respecting and promoting human rights
• Encourage Sustainable Supply Chain Practices
• Adopt international standards and Principles for
 
Responsible Banking and Value-based Intermediation 
(VBI)
•	 Strengthen 	environmental 	and 	social 	safeguards 	in 	financing, 	via 	enhancement	
of sector guides, including the implementation of NDPE commitments
•	
Develop
	and
	promote
	innovative
	sustainable
	financial
	products
	and
	services,	
including
	for
	financial
	inclusion
• Develop and implement strategies to achieve Net Zero for our operational
 
and
	financed
	emissions
	and
	Climate
	Risk
	Management
• Bank-wide rollout of EPICC culture to inculcate the right organisational values
• Strengthen human capital through enhancements to employee experience,
 
training and development, and performance assessments
• Top quartile on S&P Global Corporate  
Sustainability Assessment
• Increase female representation in
 
Board and leadership roles
• Close gender-based remuneration
 
gaps
• Mobilise RM100 billion in sustainable
 
finance
	by
	2024
•	
Invest
	RM150
	million
	over
	five
	years	
and 100,000 hours a year in
 
employee volunteerism by 2024
• Net zero GHG Scope 1 and 2
 
emissions in our operations by 2030
• Overall Net Zero GHG by 2050
 
(including
	Scope
	3
	financed	
emissions)
* not comprehensive
Integrated Annual Report 2023
53
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 56 ----
     Group 
Chief Operating 
& People Officer’s
(GCOPO) Message
GURDIP SINGH SIDHU


---- Page 57 ----
Enhancing resiliency, productivity and service experience across 
our operating environment remained a key focus throughout 
2023. Efforts were intensified to drive comprehensive 
improvement initiatives that have translated into meeting and 
exceeding the expectations of our key stakeholders, namely our 
customers, employees, regulators, investors and society.
WITH PEOPLE AS YOUR CRITICAL ASSET,  
WHAT WERE THE KEY PRIORITIES IN 2023?
The people agenda in CIMB is driven via the following four key focus areas:
•
 Enhancing employee experience and overall productivity
•
 Talent management and career growth
•
 Recognition and total rewards
•
 Culture and values
In 2023, we further developed and enhanced various aspects within these areas:
a)
 Enhancing employee experience and overall productivity:
 We focused on 
optimising our resources and enhancing processes to ensure that our people have a 
positive experience and are able to operate efficiently.
b)
 Talent management and career growth:
 We set out to attract, train and develop 
our people to help them attain personal and professional growth. This included, 
amongst others, investing in the best training and development programmes for our 
employees.
c)
 Recognition and total rewards:
 We recognised and rewarded our people 
competitively to build a high-performance culture. In driving this, we recognise the 
need to differentiate and tailor our benefits and rewards approach to the diverse 
needs of our employees.
d)
 Culture and values:
 We strived to inculcate the right organisational values and 
culture to become a great place to work.
Central to these achievements were our people. During the year, we launched multiple 
initiatives to strengthen the culture and leadership capabilities of our people managers. Our 
dedication to development, wellbeing, and welfare is integral to our operational resilience 
and long-term growth. This approach underscores the importance of creating a nurturing 
and supportive environment, with our workforce playing a critical role in driving operational 
excellence and adapting to workplace changes.
Overall, we made significant investments in time and resources to ensure our people’s needs 
and expectations are addressed and aligned with organisational strategies and Forward23+ 
priority focus areas. Our efforts culminated in a top-quartile placement in the Organizational 
Health Index (OHI)* regionally, and recognition as one of Asia’s best employers, underscored by 
various HR awards won across the region in 2023. These achievements reflect our success in 
fostering an environment where people are engaged, motivated, and empowered to contribute 
to our collective goals.
We also take pride in being recognised by the industry as a leader in the Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion (DEI) agenda. This recognition comes on the back of our continued 
commitment to promoting gender diversity in leadership, ensuring pay parity, providing 
equal opportunities and fair treatment, fostering inclusiveness, and upholding dignity and 
respect – all of which contribute to our unique EPICC work culture.
2021 2022 2023
75
Third Quartile
77
Second Quartile
83
Top Quartile
CIMB’s Organizational Health Index improved to Top Quartile in 2023
*
 The Organizational Health Index (OHI) 
is McKinsey & Company’s proprietary diagnostic that measures critical 
elements of a high-performing culture in an organisation, benchmarking against more than 2,500 organisations 
in a range of geographies and industries. The survey is administered for CIMB on an annual basis, and CIMB’s 
OHI scores are benchmarked against ASEAN financial institutions.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
55
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 58 ----
WHERE IS THE GROUP IN ITS CULTURE TRANSFORMATION JOURNEY?
At CIMB, we believe that organisational culture plays a critical role in people effectiveness and people performance. A 
positive and enabling culture not only improves efficiencies, but can also drive new growth. Therefore, embedding the EPICC 
culture at CIMB remains essential to our transformation journey. Our efforts continue to be focused on helping #teamCIMB 
to not only embrace EPICC values but also demonstrate them in every action and every decision at the workplace.
Our strategy in cascading EPICC across the organisation focuses on three main components:
Culture transformation is an ongoing process that demands high levels of commitment, consistency and camaraderie across 
all levels of the organisation. Ultimately, our objective is to create a healthy work environment that boosts motivation and 
productivity among our workforce.
Now, two years into our journey of cultural transformation, we are encouraged by the meaningful progress observed in 
2023. The unified approach from our leadership, coupled with a variety of initiatives, has translated into #teamCIMB 
embracing EPICC well. The positive feedback from our people via our surveys and other channels confirm this success. 
Moreover, affirmations from external stakeholders further validate that our people are more engaged and cooperative, 
leading to enhanced customer satisfaction and stronger resilience for the Group.
Awareness & 
Acceptance
Leading by
Example
Change 
Interventions
Why
(Intent & 
Desired 
Response)
How
(Delivery)
Invite participation to 
develop greater 
understanding and build 
conviction and desire for 
positive change
Inspire change through 
positive examples and 
demonstrated leadership 
through EPICC values
Integrate EPICC values into 
policies, processes, 
framework etc. to drive 
behavioural change
• EPICC e-learning module
• Thematic campaigns
• Physical & digital
 
engagement
• Division-level 
engagements by Top 
Leadership, supported by 
CIMB’s Change Agent 
Network (CAN)
• Talent acquisition
• Learning & development
• 
Performance 
management
OHI Scores (by Country)
Indonesia
Vietnam
Cambodia
Thailand
Singapore
Malaysia
Philippines
2023 2022
91 86
87 87
87 85
83 81
80 75
78 70
76 59
“At CIMB, we believe that 
organisational culture plays a 
critical role in people effectiveness 
and people performance.
56
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group Chief Operating & People Officer’s Message

---- Page 59 ----
WHAT IS THE ROLE OF LEADERSHIP 
IN SHAPING ORGANISATIONAL 
CULTURE AND PERFORMANCE?
Leaders, particularly people managers, have a critical 
influence in shaping organisational culture. The collective 
effectiveness of leadership in nurturing a robust 
organisational culture catalyses business performance and 
growth.
In championing and demonstrating EPICC values, CIMB 
leadership intensified its engagement with employees 
through multiple touchpoints. In 2023 we focused on our 
top 900 leaders, initiating a series of initiatives to deepen 
their understanding of our core values and equipping them 
with the necessary tools and techniques to refine their 
leadership skills. The main objective has been to create a 
common understanding, enhance clarity and improve 
transparency on the company’s progress, future direction, 
and how people can contribute to and benefit from CIMB’s 
success. This effort was facilitated through the Leadership & 
Culture Dialogue Series, Turun Padang initiatives, and various 
town halls at Group, country and divisional levels.
Through the EPICC values, we have enhanced leadership 
accountability by introducing improved bottom-up and 
top-down feedback mechanisms. This includes the evaluation 
of leaders based on demonstrated behaviours via our 180° 
and 360° feedback assessments.
To build and expand our current and future pipeline of 
quality leadership, in 2023, we launched three CIMB 
Signature Leadership programmes. These programmes were 
uniquely curated for employees at three management levels 
within the organisation: key and senior, middle and junior. 
We partnered with renowned global institutions such as the 
International Institute of Management Development (IMD) 
and the Melbourne Business School. Additionally, an 
encouraging 53% of participants in these programmes were 
women, underscoring our commitment to diversity and 
inclusion in leadership.
WHAT IS CIMB’S APPROACH IN ATTRACTING AND RETAINING THE BEST 
TALENT, AND ENSURING EMPLOYEES REMAIN ENGAGED AND MOTIVATED?
CIMB is committed to being an employer of choice, aiming to attract and retain top talent by fostering an environment that 
promotes their holistic wellbeing and professional growth, ensuring they find career fulfilment throughout their tenure with 
CIMB.
A key initiative introduced in 2023 to support #teamCIMB in 2023 is the introduction of the flexible benefits programme. 
This initiative empowers employees to customise their benefits, selecting additional options that best meet their individual 
needs, such as various health care options, fertility treatments, and extended medical coverage for family members. The roll 
out of the flexible benefits programme aligns with our commitment to promoting inclusiveness and overall wellbeing of 
employees from diverse backgrounds. Initially launched in Malaysia and Indonesia, CIMB is actively reviewing the potential for 
expansion across the region.
Recognising that career development is a key motivator for employees, CIMB is committed to providing continuous learning 
and meaningful growth opportunities. Throughout 2023, we focused on developing an integrated career development journey 
that allows employees to plan their career progression at CIMB through skill-gap-based learning and internal mobility. This 
initiative, set for broader implementation in 2024, will be enhanced by HR technologies to improve the overall employee 
experience.
Furthermore, leveraging CIMB’s position as a leading focused ASEAN bank, we offer employees unique opportunities for 
regional exposure and advancement within the Group. This includes regional rotations as part of our flagship graduate 
programme, The Complete Banker, and facilitating secondments across our network. In 2023, we had over 100 employees 
benefiting from enriched roles and career paths outside their home country.
 |  For more details, refer to Talent Attraction, Growth and Retention on pages 73-81 of CIMB Sustainability Report.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
57
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 60 ----
WHAT IS YOUR OUTLOOK FOR 2024?
2024 will be a pivotal year for the Group as we conclude our Forward23+ medium-term 
strategy and commence the development of our next strategic phase. This transition 
presents an exciting opportunity for our people.
Regarding our People strategy, we intend to intensify our efforts across previously 
mentioned key areas. Some key areas that I am particularly passionate about for 2024 
include:
•
 Culture:
 We will focus on deriving a higher level of consistency across the organisation 
in terms of adoption of our EPICC values. Additionally, we will embed culture into how 
we recognise and reward our people.
•
 Learning and career growth:
 We will enhance and make key investments in raising 
the bar on our training efforts, incorporating new content and advanced delivery 
method.
•
 Workforce operating models:
 As we prepare for the next phase of our strategy, we 
will deepen our focus on aligning our organisation and talent strategy to map out future 
roles and responsibilities.
Beyond the People agenda, and in line with my other portfiolios, we will embark on a 
broader set of transformational initiatives aimed at enhancing our resiliency, productivity and 
service experience. Some of the notable priorities in this area include:
•
 Group Operations transformation:
 We are set to transform our Group Operations 
through digital innovation, impacting our team of over 1,900 employees who support 
critical customer services. A dedicated programme is underway to achieve significant 
enhancements in this area.
•
 Workplace transformation:
 Our efforts will focus on redesigning office spaces to 
better facilitate our hybrid work model, promoting flexibility and collaboration. I would 
like to use these physical enhancements to further ignite our people and drive up 
motivation.
•
 Sustainability:
 Our sustainability journey has been a very defining one. We have 
outlined many of our successes and plans in the Sustainability Report. Whilst 2023 saw 
me relinquishing the Group Chief Sustainability Officer role, this area remains very close 
to my heart. In 2024, I will continue to work with and guide our sustainability team as 
we accelerate ahead on our Net Zero operationalisation efforts and begin to chart the 
next phase of our sustainability journey.
#teamCIMB has come a long way in 2023 and I am looking forward to working with all of 
them to ensure that 2024 will be a productive and fulfilling year for all.
Gurdip Singh Sidhu
Group Chief Operating & People Officer
“Furthermore, leveraging CIMB’s position as a leading focused ASEAN bank, we offer employees with unique opportunities 
for regional exposure and advancement within the Group.
58
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group Chief Operating & People Officer’s Message

---- Page 61 ----
CFO’s
Financial
Performance
Review
Group
KHAIRUL RIFAIE


---- Page 62 ----
“We are pleased that the Group 
posted a strong net profit growth 
of 28.3% to RM6.98 billion, 
translating to an EPS of 65.5 sen
The economic and industry backdrop in 2023 proved to be 
challenging following a very strong global economic recovery in 
the previous year. As such, we took a cautious stance from the 
start in light of the macroeconomic risks, this included 
continued upward pressure on interest rates, elevated global 
inflation and the heightened geopolitical tensions, coupled with 
industry specific uncertainties surrounding financial markets 
and deposit pricing competition. Despite this, ASEAN economies 
remained relatively resilient with decelerating inflation and 
improving domestic consumption and investments. Against 
these conditions, we are pleased that the Group posted a 
strong net profit growth of 28.3% to RM6.98 billion, translating 
to an earnings per share (“EPS”) of 65.5 sen. The positive 
financial performance was attributed to all business segments 
and countries, barring Thailand which faced industry-wide 
challenges against a backdrop of muted economic growth. We 
met all targets but one on cost-to-income ratio (“CIR”) due to 
the deposit price competition. There was an improvement in 
ROE compared to 2022, at 10.7% and within the FY23 target, 
while total gross loan growth of 8.3% and loan loss charge of 
32bps exceeded the target. We declared a higher dividend 
payout of 55.0% and a special dividend amounting to RM747 
million, bringing total dividend payout to a record amount of 
RM4.59 billion as our capital levels, CET 1 ratio, remain healthy 
at 14.5%, above the FY23 target.
HOW DID THE OPERATING ENVIRONMENT IN 2023 
AFFECT THE OVERALL FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE?
The operating backdrop for 2023 remained challenging as market sentiment was overcast 
by global uncertainties and volatility throughout the year. Global trade was also weak in 
2023 and as a result, Malaysia being an open economy grew at a more modest 3.7% in 
2023, driven by continued growth in private consumption and with unemployment remaining 
low. Headline inflation declined to a manageable 2.5% from 3.3% previously while the 
Malaysian banking industry saw sustained loan growth. Despite this, one major challenge 
faced by the Group and the sector was the pressure on Net Interest Margin (“NIM”) arising 
from the sustained deposit price competition in Malaysia as well as the higher cost of funds 
regionally. To mitigate the pressure on higher deposit rates, the Group put in place 
strategies and initiatives to strengthen and grow the low cost CASA, which brought relative 
success with Group CASA expanding 11.5% YoY, raising the CASA ratio to 41.2% by end-23 
which is higher than the pre-pandemic level of 34.4% in 2019. The Group kept a tight rein 
on escalating costs as inflationary pressures emanated across all segments. On a positive 
note, all asset quality indicators improved through the year from a combination of a 
stabilisation of the credit environment and the Group’s portfolio reshaping initiatives over 
the past few years. Despite approaching the year cautiously, we achieved a strong financial 
improvement in 2023 as we remained guided by the Forward23+ strategy.
The record PBT of RM9.54 billion (an increase of 14.0% YoY) in 2023 was underpinned by 
firstly, robust revenue growth from the strong expansion in Non-Interest Income (“NOII”) and 
secondly, sustained asset quality improvements arising from good credit risk management. 
The absence of Cukai Makmur this year also contributed to the 28.3% YoY increase in 
reported net profit to RM6.98 billion compared to RM5.44 billion in 2022. Excluding the 
exceptional items of intangible assets and accelerated amortisation, restructuring costs and 
one-off tax impact in 2022, the Group’s underlying PBT and net profit grew 12.4% and 
60
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group CFO’s Financial Performance Review

---- Page 63 ----
• NII contracted 3.5% YoY to RM14.63 billion despite an  
increase in Group gross loans. This was due to the NIM 
compression mainly in Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand, 
driving NIM lower by 29bps YoY to 2.22% from 2.51% in 
2022.
•
 NOII was the key driver of operating income growth in
 
2023, expanding 36.5% YoY to RM6.39 billion on the 
back of strong investment and market related income, as 
well as gains on non-performing loan (“NPL”) sales and 
recoveries from Indonesia.
•
 Operating expenses rose 6.9% YoY to RM9.87 billion on
 
the back of cost inflation and technology investments. 
The increase was within management expectations as 
the Group’s pre-provision operating income (“PPOP”) 
grew 5.1% YoY. Despite this, the negative JAW from the 
challenged NII growth brought about a marginally higher 
CIR of 46.9% (+40bps YoY) compared to 46.5% in 2022.
•
 The Group’s Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) on loans,
 
advances and financing reduced to RM1.53 billion 
compared to RM1.95 billion in 2022 attributed to lower 
provisions in Consumer and Commercial segments, as 
well as an improving credit environment. All asset quality 
indicators improved commendably during the year as the 
Group prioritised prudent risk management, optimised 
recoveries and continued portfolio de-risking. The 
Group’s gross impaired loans ratio (“GIL”) fell to 2.7% 
with a significantly improved Loan Loss Charge (“LLC”) of 
32bps compared to 51bps the year before, as well as a 
higher loan loss coverage of 97.0%.
•
 Total gross loans grew strongly by 8.3% YoY across all
 
targeted segments and key markets. Wholesale Banking 
loans grew 9.5%, followed by Commercial Banking at 
8.8% and Consumer Banking at 7.4%. By geography, 
Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore and Thailand grew 5.3%, 
8.5%, 11.0% and 4.5% respectively. Malaysia came in 
within the industry average, while Singapore and 
Thailand expanded above their local loan growth levels.
•  Group deposits grew 8.1% YoY contributed by all core  
markets and driven by an 11.5% expansion in CASA in 
line with the Group’s continued focus to strengthen the 
CASA franchise. As a result, the CASA ratio improved to 
41.2% as at end-2023, comparable to levels during the 
COVID-19 pandemic period (41.3% as at Dec-20), when 
there was flushed liquidity in the system resulting in an 
extraordinary expansion of low cost CASA funding. 
Consumer and Commercial deposits grew strongly at 
16.5% and 8.6% respectively, while Wholesale deposits 
fell marginally by 0.6% YoY. We maintained a healthy 
liquidity and funding position with the Loan to Deposit 
Ratio at 88.6%, whilst the Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
continues to be comfortably above 100% for all banking 
entities.
•
 With strong capital adequacy levels for all banking
 
entities, higher dividends were proposed for the year 
and the Group’s CET1 ratio was maintained at 14.5% as 
at end-2023.
“All asset quality 
indicators improved 
commendably during the 
year as the Group 
prioritised prudent risk 
management, optimised 
recoveries and continued 
portfolio de-risking.
12.5% YoY respectively. Effective cost control while ensuring 
positive investments in areas such as technology, kept our 
Cost-To-Income Ratio (“CIR”) under control at 46.9%. This 
came in above our FY23 target of <46.5%, due to the lower 
than expected revenue as a result of the NIM compression. 
Nonetheless, we ended the year with a strengthened 
balance sheet and remained well capitalised, enabling the 
Group to declare a higher full-year dividend payout of 
55.0%, as well as a special dividend of RM747 million, this 
translates to a record dividend payout of RM4.59 billion.
We achieved this positive financial performance due to the 
Forward23+ strategic plan execution which focusses on 
sustainable business growth, stronger credit risk 
management, tighter cost controls and strengthening the 
Group’s deposit and CASA proposition. Targeted loan growth 
was prioritised in tandem with our portfolio reshaping 
strategy, with an emphasis on higher quality corporate loans 
and secured loans as well as wealth and private banking 
segments. We remain extremely vigilant on risk management 
and asset quality, identifying segments or businesses under 
stress via early detection systems and ensuring that 
appropriate precautionary and proactive measures are 
taken. The Group had also done well in digital reliability and 
customer centricity with improved platform availability in 
2023 and steady growth in digital transactions. Similar to 
previous years, we made significant investments in our 
technology infrastructure and architecture in 2023, to ensure 
that our operational resiliency and stability is ahead of the 
market benchmark. Sustainability remains at the forefront of 
it all as part of the strategy to advance the ESG agenda to 
ensure that CIMB continues to be the industry leader in 
championing sustainable practices.
Some of the factors below drove the financial performance 
in 2023:
•
 The Group’s revenues were 5.9% higher at RM21.01
 
billion compared to RM19.84 billion in 2022.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
61
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 64 ----
• The management and the optimisation of cost of funds  
was a crucial objective for 2023, considering the intense 
deposit price competition. We doubled down on 
strengthening the CASA franchise to offset the NIM 
compression and coupled with a comprehensive balance 
sheet management policy and effective optimisation of 
the business mix, the Group witnessed an 11.5% YoY 
uptick in CASA, contributed by all segments and 
countries, and the pressure on higher cost of funds 
moderated in the latter part of the year. This raised the 
Group’s CASA ratio to 41.2%, close to the high achieved 
during the pandemic (2020: 41.3%).
•
 The robust 36.5% YoY NOII growth was achieved across
 
the board, largely underpinned by Trading and FX 
income, which expanded by 78.4% YoY from increased 
investment and market related income driven by 
improved spreads, positive market movements, increased 
volatility and trading activity. The 104.3% YoY increase in 
other income was attributed to gains from planned and 
opportunistic NPL sales in Indonesia. More traditional fee 
and commission income were more subdued, recording 
a 2.1% growth mainly from Consumer and Investment 
banking.
•
 In spite of the 6.9% YoY escalation in operating
 
expenses, strict cost controls were exercised and the 
increase was within expectations. Management ensured 
that the structural costs taken out between 2020-2022 
were not reintroduced and closely monitored all 
spending over the year. As seen across all businesses 
around the world, inflationary factors were the principal 
reason for the higher costs, in addition to planned 
technology investments in an era where technological 
efficiency and resiliency are crucial. The Group utilised 
approximately 85% of the RM900 million planned 
technology capex for 2023; as part of our commitment 
to stakeholders to continuously improve our 
infrastructure reliability, as well as continue with the 
digitisation of the business.
•  More comprehensive credit risk management practices  
resulted in a continued improvement in the Group’s 
asset quality indicators over the past 2 years. We made 
significant strides in driving the gross impaired loans 
ratio lower and raising the Group’s allowance coverage. 
This is seen in the 26.4% YoY reduction in ECL on loans, 
advances and financing and other provisions from a 
combination of lower loan provisions in Consumer and 
Commercial Banking and a stable credit environment. As 
such, the 2023 LLC improved significantly by 29bps YoY 
to 0.32% from 0.51% in 2022, exceeding our target for 
the year and appears to have settled on a steady run 
rate. GIL fell to 2.7% from 3.3% the year before and 
allowance coverage ratio increased to 97.0% from 93.1% 
a year ago, providing greater stability and resiliency going 
forward.
CASA ratio
Operating Income Breakdown
(RM’million) 2023 2022 YoY
Net interest 
income 14,626 15,158 (3.5%)
Non-interest 
income 6,388 4,680 36.5%
Total 21,014 19,838 5.9%
WHAT WERE THE GROWTH DRIVERS 
THAT LED TO THE STRONG 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE FOR THE 
YEAR?
The Group’s robust 2023 bottom-line performance was 
predominantly led by the solid NOII growth in treasury and 
markets revenues as well as foreign exchange income, 
coupled with lower overall provisions from prudent risk 
management, improved recoveries and portfolio de-risking. 
The strategy to focus on targeted segments and the 
reshaping of the portfolio have lowered the Group’s risk 
profile and improved the asset quality. We were also able to 
enhance our deposit proposition across businesses and 
countries to better manage the headwinds on NIM.
•
 Businesses were focused on growing in targeted loan
 
segments, guided by the Forward23+ strategic plan of 
reshaping our portfolio, whilst improving the Risk-
Adjusted Return On Capital (“RAROC“). Malaysia loans 
grew 5.3% YoY across all divisions, particularly with the 
Consumer segment gaining market share in mortgages 
(+9.1%), auto loans (+9.4%) and credit cards (+14.0%), 
while Commercial and Corporate loans expanded 
healthily. CIMB Niaga’s loan engine revved up in 2023, 
growing 8.5% YoY, gaining firm ground in the Consumer 
(mainly mortgages and auto loans) and SME segments. 
CIMB Thai’s gross loans grew decently by 4.5% YoY 
buoyed by the Consumer segment, largely from the 
2-wheeler business, as the Commercial book will 
continue to run down following our exit in 2021. 
Singapore grew loans strongly at 11.0% YoY, led by 
Commercial (+18.6%) and Wholesale (+13.0%), while the 
Consumer growth of 5.9% YoY was driven by mortgages 
(+8.7%) and credit cards (+14.7%).
62
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group CFO’s Financial Performance Review

---- Page 65 ----
WILL CIMB CONTINUE TO BE 
OPTIMALLY CAPITALISED?
The Group’s capital position remains solid, with a CET1 ratio 
of 14.5% as at end Dec-23, unchanged compared to end 
Dec-22. The Group’s strong capital adequacy and healthy 
capital position was achieved even after declaring a higher 
dividend payout of 55.0% and a special dividend of RM747 
million. The special dividend was declared as part of the 
Group’s capital optimisation plan. The Group’s CET1 ratio 
has improved in recent years from the significant capital 
accretion driven by the Group’s Forward23+ strategy of 
focusing on high RAROC segments. Our target CET1 ratio 
remains
	unchanged
	at
	≥13.5%
	as
	we
	continue
	to
	optimally	
manage our capital to meet the requirements for our
 
business growth and expectations of our stakeholders. The 
Group’s Tier-1 and total capital ratios were also strong at 
15.1% and 18.2%, respectively while the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratios remains comfortably 
above target levels and regulatory requirement.
As part of the Forward23+ plans, the Group will explore 
areas for further capital optimisation in 2024 to further drive 
the Group’s ROE. It is also noted that if the Group’s CET1 
ratio was at 13.5% as per the original target, the Group’s 
ROE would have been 60bps higher than the current ROE 
level of 10.7%. To ensure efficient deployment of capital 
over the next year and optimal capital utilisation for 
identified growth segments and businesses across the 
region, the Group will maintain efforts to strategically 
manage its capital via: (i) RAROC driven capital deployment, 
(ii) evaluation of options on optimising capital, (iii) continued 
prudent liability management and (iv) RWA-optimisation 
exercises.
WHAT ARE THE RETURNS TO 
SHAREHOLDERS FOR THE YEAR?
The Board approved and declared a higher dividend payout 
of 55.0% (2022: 50.5%) for 2023 with total dividends 
amounting to RM3.84 billion or 36.00 sen per share 
distributable to shareholders. The first interim dividend of 
17.50 sen per share was paid in October 2023, while the 
second interim of 18.50 sen per share is expected to be 
paid by April 2024. In view of the Group’s strong levels of 
capital, the Dividend Reinvestment Scheme has been 
discontinued and both interim dividends for financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 will be paid wholly in cash. As 
part of the capital optimisation plan, the Group also 
announced a special dividend amounting to RM747 million 
or 7.00 sen per share to be paid concurrently with the 
second interim dividend by April 2024. The declaration of 
the higher dividend payout and special dividend reflects the 
Group’s continuous efforts in maintaining a healthy capital 
level to support growth whilst ensuring that shareholders 
returns are optimised.
HOW DID THE GROUP'S BUSINESS 
UNITS PERFORM IN 2023?
• Consumer Banking  recorded a respectable PBT growth 
of 8.0% YoY to RM2.98 billion in 2023 compared to 
RM2.76 billion in 2022, from a combination of higher 
NOII and improved provisions. Operating income grew 
marginally at 0.8% underpinned by a higher NOII growth 
from FX income and NPL sale gains in Indonesia, offset 
by the lower NII which was impacted by the lower NIM 
over the year. Operating expenses rose 6.9% YoY, 
resulting in a negative PPOP of 6.3% YoY. The significant 
decline in ECL of 38.9% YoY largely from Malaysia, 
translated to the higher YoY PBT.
•
 Commercial Banking
 performance was strong, posting 
a PBT of RM1.79 billion in 2023, a 22.6% increase 
compared to RM1.46 billion in 2022. The improved 
performance was underpinned by higher operating 
income and significantly lower provisions. Revenue was 
5.1% higher from marginally higher NII of 0.9% attributed 
to strong loan and deposit growth of 8.8% and 8.6% 
YoY, respectively, as well as robust NOII growth buoyed 
by higher FX income and NPL sale gains in Indonesia. 
Operating expenses rose 7.8% YoY bringing about a 
2.6% growth in PPOP. Significantly lower provisions of 
55.2% YoY from the improved asset quality in Malaysia 
and Indonesia, led to the robust PBT growth.
•
 Wholesale Banking
 sustained its performance with a 
2.9% YoY PBT growth to RM3.15 billion in 2023 
compared to RM3.06 billion in 2022 mainly attributed to 
a strong 61.9% NOII growth from higher trading and FX 
income. This was partially offset by the 24.1% YoY 
decline in NII from higher funding costs, higher operating 
expenses of 4.4% and increased provisions of 27.8% 
from lower recoveries. Gross loans grew 9.5% YoY from 
all key markets while deposits were marginally lower by 
0.6% due to the softer CASA in Indonesia and Thailand, 
as well as weaker fixed and structured deposits in 
Singapore.
•  CIMB Digital Assets & Group Funding’s  (CDAGF) PBT 
improved by 33.6% YoY attributed to strong investment 
income, an improved CDA performance and a gain on 
sale of the remaining interest in CGS-CIMB. The strong 
NOII income of 250.8% YoY was supplemented by an 
18.7% YoY increase in NII, bringing about a 33.9% uptick 
in total operating income. This was offset by increased 
operating expenses as a result of higher partnership 
costs in Philippines, and higher provisions of 105.8%. 
The Group’s digital businesses continue to grow strongly 
with TNG Digital reaching 15.7 million annual transacting 
users, a 70.7% increase YoY, and 1.3 million merchants 
Integrated Annual Report 2023
63
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 66 ----
as at Dec-23. CIMB Philippines broke even after four years in operation as per target and is now one of the leading 
digital banks in ASEAN with more than 7.4 million customers and a deposit book of RM2.09 billion, up 24.0% YoY. As a 
result, CDAGF PBT came in higher at RM1.63 billion compared to RM1.22 billion in 2022.
Revenue by Segment
(RM’million) 2023 2022 BAU* YoY
Consumer Banking 8,766 8,698 0.8%
Commercial Banking 3,955 3,764 5.1%
Wholesale Banking 5,757 5,482 5.0%
Corporate Banking 3,138 3,030 3.6%
Treasury & Markets 2,149 2,051 4.8%
Investment Banking 470 401 17.2%
CIMB Digital Assets & Group Funding 2,536 1,894 33.9%
Total Revenue 21,014 19,838 5.9%
PBT by Segment
(RM’million) 2023 2022 BAU* YoY
Consumer Banking 2,981 2,760 8.0%
Commercial Banking 1,785 1,456 22.6%
Wholesale Banking 3,149 3,059 2.9%
Corporate Banking 1,844 1,748 5.5%
Treasury & Markets 1,262 1,297 (2.7%)
Investment Banking 43 14 207.1%
CIMB Digital Assets & Group Funding 1,626 1,217 33.6%
PBT 9,541 8,492 12.4%
Note: *  Excludes RM121 million of exceptional items (“EI”) encompassing: Intangible assets write-off and accelerated amortisation of RM97 million; and other 
EI of RM24 million
64
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group CFO’s Financial Performance Review

---- Page 67 ----
HOW DID THE GROUP PERFORM BY COUNTRY?
The Group remains committed to executing the Forward23+ strategic plan in line with the Group’s aspiration to be the leading focused ASEAN bank. With this, the Group scaled down its 
presence to 8 ASEAN countries, while still deriving benefits of the diversification efforts across with focused investments and gaining positive traction from the reshaping of our portfolio. The 
following section provides an overview of the Group’s performance by country:
Others: Cambodia continued its positive momentum, while the Group’s digital businesses in 
Philippines and Vietnam gained market share over the year. CIMB Philippines broke even as 
per target while CIMB Vietnam narrowed its losses, both contributing to the Group’s PBT 
positively.
Malaysia continues to be the biggest profit contributor to the Group at 60% and remains 
focused on expanding the Consumer, Wealth, Private Banking and SME segments, as well as 
strengthening the CASA franchise. PBT grew 9.3% YoY from strong trading and FX income, 
coupled with lower provisions in the Consumer and SME portfolio. Malaysia’s NIM was 
particularly challenging as the intense deposit competition that began in 2022 carried over 
into the first quarter of 2023 before moderating through the year, and ending the year with 
the seasonal year-end competition for deposits. As such, Malaysia NII declined even as gross 
loans grew by 5.3% YoY in line with industry and expectations. Deposits increased 5.5% YoY 
as CASA expanded by 6.5% in tandem with our strategy to grow the deposit and CASA 
franchise.
Thailand remains focused on expanding the Consumer finance segment, specifically the 4- 
and 2-wheeler business and wealth management, as the Commercial Banking book runs 
down from the exit in 2021. However, Thailand’s PBT contribution declined 45.5% to RM265 
million in 2023 due to the significant increase in provisions as the Bank adopted a more 
conservative provisioning policy, in addition to some asset quality weakness in the 4-wheel 
hire purchase portfolio. The lower PBT was exacerbated by a drop in operating income 
largely due to the weak NOII from Consumer, as well as higher operating expenses. This 
was partially offset by a muted NII growth driven by gross loans growing 4.5% YoY which 
was partly neutralised by the contraction in NIM from higher cost of funds and lower loan 
yields. With this, CIMB Thai’s CIR increased to 62.7% from 57.7% in 2022 from the lower 
NIM and Consumer wealth management income.
Singapore performance was strong recording a 30.6% YoY increase in PBT to RM987 
million in 2023 driven by growth in operating income from NIM expansion mainly driven by 
an enhanced consumer deposit franchise. Singapore’s topline expansion was also attributed 
to the 11.0% YoY gross loan growth driven mainly by the SME and Corporate segment. 
Deposit growth was strong at 6.1% YoY, buoyed by CASA growing at 24.5%, reflecting the 
growing strength of Singapore’s deposit franchise. Despite higher operating expenses and 
provisions, Singapore’s much improved performance was underpinned by robust top line 
performance across all segments.
Indonesia PBT performance was strong, growing 25.8% YoY to RM2.54 billion on the back 
of higher NOII from gains on sale of impaired loans, and significantly lower provisions 
underpinned by improvement in all asset quality metrics and portfolio mix. NII was 
marginally weaker as NIMs were lower by 29bps YoY at 4.40% in 2023, partially offset by 
strong gross loans growth of 8.5% YoY. The higher gross loans were attributed to CIMB 
Niaga’s reshaping of its portfolio strategy and focussing to grow in targeted segments, 
specifically Consumer, SME and higher-quality Corporate clients. Indonesia deposits grew 
3.8% YoY as CASA expanded 4.3% YoY with CIMB Niaga’s priority on further entrenching the 
CASA franchise. Prudent cost management was evident with operating expenses marginally 
reducing, as CIR was relatively unchanged at 44.8% compared to 44.9% previously. For the 
second consecutive year, CIMB Niaga reported a record net profit.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
65
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 68 ----
Loans by country as at 31 December 2023 Deposits by country as at 31 December 2023
Revenue by country
(RM’million) 2023 2022 YoY
Malaysia 10,857 10,654 1.9%
Indonesia 5,561 5,504 1.0%
Thailand 1,712 1,661 3.1%
Singapore 1,983 1,483 33.7%
Other countries 901 536 68.1%
Total Revenue 21,014 19,838 5.9%
Loans Growth YoY
Malaysia 5.3%
Indonesia^ 8.5%
Thailand^ 4.5%
Singapore^ 11.0%
Others** 4.5%
Group 8.3%
PBT by country
(RM’million) 2023 2022 BAU YoY
Malaysia^ 5,734 5,248 9.3%
Indonesia 2,539 2,018 25.8%
Thailand 265 486 (45.5%)
Singapore* 987 756 30.6%
Other countries 16 (16) 200.0%
PBT 9,541 8,492 12.4%
Notes: BAU excludes exceptional items of: ^RM120 million and *RM1 million
Deposits Growth YoY
Malaysia 5.5%
Indonesia^ 3.8%
Thailand^ 8.7%
Singapore^ 6.1%
Others** 22.8%
Group 8.1%
Notes: ^ In local currency
 # Based on geographical location of counterparty
 ** Including Cambodia, Vietnam and Philippines
66
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group CFO’s Financial Performance Review

---- Page 69 ----
HOW DID THE NON-FINANCIAL ASPECTS OF BUSINESS CONTRIBUTE TO 
CIMB'S OVERALL PERFORMANCE AS WELL AS ITS PURPOSE?
Non-financial performance indicators enable CIMB to track and assess the broader impact and success of our business 
practices beyond traditional financial outcomes. These measures provide valuable insights on our role and effectiveness in 
areas such as environmental stewardship, social responsibility and good governance. In 2023, we measured the following 
non-financial indicators:
Given the ample evidence pointing to a positive relationship between responsible business and a company’s financial 
wellbeing, the traditional indicators of financial performance like ROE, can be attributed to the ability of the company to 
create value for multiple stakeholders beyond shareholders. CIMB recognises that financing is vital in supporting 
organisational growth and our critical role in closing the gap in financing sustainable development, especially in emerging 
markets. We continue to focus on lowering the average cost of capital for low-carbon and equitable solutions in our efforts 
to shape a sustainable ecosystem.
As a leading focused ASEAN bank, we are committed to mobilise capital for sustainability-focused projects and programmes 
and most importantly, our commitment to catalysing low-carbon and just transition. In 2023, we increased our sustainable 
finance commitment to RM100 billion by 2024, having achieved our earlier-raised RM60 billion target announced in 2022 well 
ahead of time. Since 2021, we have mobilised RM86.2 billion in sustainable financing. Impact on other forms of capital are 
as follows:
•
 Financial Capital:
 By channelling sufficient capital towards sustainable solutions, CIMB is able to tap into emerging 
opportunities in areas such as renewable energy, waste technologies and green transportation, amongst others. These 
are new strategic focus areas where CIMB can demonstrate its leadership and achieve new growth. By pivoting our 
portfolio towards lower-carbon exposures, we also mitigate our climate-related transition risks, which serves to reduce 
CIMB's credit risk in the medium term.
•
 Human Capital:
 By investing in employee capabilities and expertise in sustainable finance and ethical banking, we are 
creating a new talent pool for the industry whilst supporting our new growth objectives and focus areas.
•
 Social and Relationship Capital:
 Our focus on sustainable finance strengthens partnerships with regulators, 
policymakers, sectoral leaders and civil society to bring to market new solutions and accelerate the sustainability agenda. 
This commitment to sustainability also reinforces the Group's reputation, promotes financial inclusivity and minimises 
social disparities within our sphere of influence.
•
 Natural Capital:
 Our commitment to responsible banking, which is operationalised through our Sustainable Finance 
Policy and Sector Guides, actively contributes to mitigating climate change, preserving biodiversity and tackling various 
environmental challenges.
In 2023, our focus on customer centricity was marked by a 
dedicated push towards digitalisation and process 
optimisation, with the objective of enhancing customer 
relationships and operational efficiency. We intensified digital 
transformation efforts, streamlined customer journeys, and 
implemented process reengineering to significantly improve 
customer service quality and operational excellence. As a 
result, our focused investments in Wealth, Transaction 
Banking, Islamic and various digital technologies contributed 
to improved customer journeys. This translated to an 
improved NPS in 2023, reflecting a positive momentum in 
terms of customer loyalty and excellence. These impacted:
•
 Financial Capital:
 The enhancement of customer 
service and experience contributes to a reduction of 
incidence and operational costs associated with 
customer complaints. In addition, it contributes to 
enhancing customer loyalty and brand reputation, which 
ultimately contributes to revenue growth.
•
 Social and Relationship Capital:
 Building a culture of 
customer excellence contributes to improved customer 
confidence in #teamCIMB as well as CIMB’s commitment 
to a positive and fair customer experience.
•
 Human Capital:
 Our emphasis on integrating customer-
centric principles within our employee development 
programmes promotes a culture of learning, innovation, 
and meaningful contribution.
•
 Intellectual Capital:
 The implementation of advanced 
processes and new policy frameworks is essential for 
enhancing customer experiences and improving 
operational efficiency. These initiatives not only improve 
service quality but also contribute to cost savings, 
demonstrating our focus on practical and impactful 
improvements.
Sustainability
Customer Centricity
Integrated Annual Report 2023
67
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 70 ----
Employees are the backbone of any organisation, and 
#teamCIMB is essential to the Group’s strategic growth and 
success. The integration of the EPICC culture is a key 
component of our transformation and over 2023. We 
invested in programmes and initiatives to reinforce these 
EPICC values, guiding employees towards embracing new 
ways of working and embracing a high-performance culture. 
Our efforts included targeted initiatives that accelerated 
employee wellbeing and performance. All these efforts 
helped us to achieve a top-quartile ranking in the regional 
Organizational Health Index (“OHI“) survey. These positively 
impacted other forms of capital as follows:
•
 Human Capital:
 The improved OHI ranking and 
recognition through HR awards highlights our 
commitment to a strong workplace culture, positively 
impacting employee morale, productivity and satisfaction. 
This also plays a large part in attracting and retaining 
talent, which is crucial for the Group’s long-term success.
•
 Financial Capital:
 Investing in our employees goes a 
long way in boosting productivity and efficiency, leading 
to innovation that contributes to the Group via improved 
financial outcomes, including higher revenues and profits 
over the longer term.
We proactively enhanced our compliance infrastructure in 
2023 in line with the escalation of the complexity of 
compliance challenges, particularly in IT and cybersecurity 
within the financial sector. This was essential to navigate the 
heightened regulatory expectations and as a safeguard 
against operational vulnerabilities inherent in the digital 
financial landscape.
Our targeted investments in compliance infrastructure 
included the deployment of a Trade Surveillance System to 
monitor trading activities, the establishment of a Risk Control 
Unit to identify and mitigate compliance risks, and the 
implementation of an eKYC solution to enhance customer 
verification processes. Additionally, the upgrading of systems 
enabled continuous screening of beneficiary owners’ names 
which was critical for adhering to anti-money laundering 
regulations and preventing financial crimes.
Impact on Capitals:
•
 Financial Capital:
 Adherence to compliance and 
governance safeguards the Group's financial assets by 
preventing costly legal and regulatory penalties.
•
 Social and Relationship Capital:
 Strengthening 
compliance frameworks underscores CIMB's dedication 
to integrity and responsible conduct, improving our 
relationship with clients, investors, and broader 
stakeholders.
•
 Human Capital:
 CIMB invests in its workforce with the 
provision of training on topics covering compliance and 
governance, elevating employees’ competencies and 
comprehension in these critical areas.
People and CultureCompliance
WHAT ARE THE GROUP’S OUTLOOK 
AND PLANS MOVING FORWARD 
INTO 2024?
We approach 2024 with cautious optimism backed by sound 
strategies and plans to overcome or manage the many 
external challenges, which should translate to a better 
financial performance for 2024. The domestic and regional 
economies remain resilient, as inflationary pressure ease, 
consumption and investments improve and global trade 
recovers. Nonetheless, we expect uncertainties abound 
through 2024 with geopolitical tensions remaining high and 
exacerbated by the uncertainties on the interest rate 
outlook and on the ripple effects from the economic 
slowdown in China. We continue to keep a close watch on 
these economic risks as we navigate our businesses guided 
by the Group’s strategies.
Going into the final 12 months of the 5-year Forward23+ 
strategic plan, we are resolute in our efforts towards 
achieving the end-2024 ambitions and targets. We remain 
steadfast in executing the strategies and initiatives, 
specifically in growing within our targeted segments, 
tightening credit risk management and maintaining strict 
cost controls. Efforts will continue to be put into lowering 
impaired loans and maintaining a high level of loan loss 
coverage via prudent risk management and asset quality 
monitoring. With expectations of the NIM environment 
remaining challenging, the Group intends to emphasise NIM 
and balance sheet management as well as continuing to 
strengthen our CASA and deposit franchise. In these times 
of escalating costs, we are watchful on our operating 
expenses without sacrificing much-needed investments to 
improve our technological and operational resiliency and 
digital capabilities.
68
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group CFO’s Financial Performance Review

---- Page 71 ----
Operating Income, PBT, and Tax by Country (Based on Reported Numbers)
2023 2022
The Group
Revenue
RM’000
PBT
RM’000
Current
year tax
RM’000
Taxation
paid
RM’000
Revenue
RM’000
PBT
RM’000
Current
year tax
RM’000
Taxation
paid
RM’000
Malaysia 10,857,003 5,733,680 (1,738,923) (1,591,264) 10,653,686 5,128,345 (2,119,091) (1,733,043)
Indonesia 5,560,720 2,538,857 (455,700) (497,700) 5,504,369 2,017,875 (490,169) (504,730)
Thailand 1,711,823 265,076 (58,218) (41,648) 1,660,704 486,231 (141,157) (199,478)
Singapore 1,983,333 986,829 (143,196) (33,389) 1,482,721 754,985 (26,099) -
Other countries 901,603 16,289 (30,323) (45,737) 536,036 (16,426) (37,558) (37,139)
21,014,482 9,540,731 (2,426,360) (2,209,737) 19,837,516 8,371,010 (2,814,074) (2,474,389)
The financial targets for 2024 comprise of an ROE of between 11.0-11.5%, total loan growth of between 5-7%, CIR of below 46.9% and an LLC of between 30-40bps. We expect to maintain 
our CET1 ratio at or above 13.5% and maintaining the dividend payout ratio of between 40-60%, with a guidance of 55%. The ROE and CIR guidance will likely fall short of the Forward23+ 
targets
	originally
	set
	in
	2020
	(ROE
	of
	11.5-12.5%
	and
	CIR
	of
	≤45%)
	largely
	due
	to
	the
	higher
	accumulated
	capital
	as
	well
	as
	the
	negative
	impact
	on
	NII
	from
	compressed
	NIM
	arising
	from	
the challenging cost of deposit environment. We aim to navigate this more efficiently in 2024 and have put in place plans to pr
ioritise NIM and capital management. With this, we believe 
the Group has created a solid platform under the Forward23+ strategy to further propel CIMB to greater heights and we look forward to achieving it together with you, our esteemed 
stakeholders.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
69
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 72 ----
GROSS LOANS, ADVANCES AND FINANCING
(RM’000)
ROE
(%)
TOTAL CAPITAL RATIO 2
(%)
DEPOSITS FROM CUSTOMERS 1
(RM’000)
DIVIDEND PER SHARE
(Sen)
1 Include investment accounts of customers and structured investments 
classified as financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss and other liabilities.
2 Before deducting proposed dividend.
3 Includes proposed single-tier special dividend of 7.00 sen per 
ordinary share in respect of the financial year ended 31  December 
2023.
70
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
5-Year Group Financial Highlights

---- Page 73 ----
Financial Year Ended 31 December
Key Highlights
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
2021
RM’000
2020
RM’000
2019
RM’000
Consolidated Statement of Income
Net income5 21,014,482 19,837,516 19,512,940 16,987,379 17,539,165
Overheads5 9,865,076 9,345,507 9,418,949 8,775,170 9,616,191
Profit before expected credit losses 11,149,406 10,492,009 10,093,991 8,212,209 7,922,974
Expected credit losses on loans, advances and financing 1,534,446 1,952,725 2,613,587 5,342,209 1,638,785
Profit before taxation and zakat 9,540,731 8,371,010 5,789,478 1,530,329 5,974,840
Net profit for the financial year 6,980,962 5,439,863 4,295,334 1,194,424 4,559,656
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Gross loans, advances and financing440,921,867 407,057,108 378,032,634 365,844,401 369,491,503
Total assets 733,572,152 666,721,225 621,907,058 602,354,899 573,245,655
Deposits from customers 1 497,660,583 460,567,161 440,404,971 410,839,559 401,681,309
Total liabilities 663,733,261 602,937,372 561,798,310 545,180,777 515,776,579
Shareholders’ funds 68,326,961 62,491,206 58,863,263 55,925,641 56,237,171
Commitments and contingencies 1,662,078,807 1,371,423,297 1,213,155,193 1,123,995,768 1,146,023,486
Financial Ratios (%)
Common equity tier 1 ratio2 15.3 14.9 14.6 13.3 13.3
Tier 1 ratio 2 15.9 15.8 15.5 14.6 14.4
Total capital ratio 2 18.9 18.9 18.4 17.6 17.1
Return on average equity 10.7 9.0 7.5 2.1 8.5
Return on average total assets 1.00 0.84 0.70 0.20 0.82
Net interest margin 5 2.22 2.51 2.45 2.27 2.41
Cost to income ratio 5 46.9 47.1 48.3 51.7 54.8
Gross impaired loans to gross loans 2.7 3.3 3.5 3.6 3.1
Allowance coverage ratio 97.0 93.1 100.2 91.6 80.7
Loan loss charge 0.32 0.51 0.73 1.51 0.45
Loan deposit ratio 88.6 88.4 85.8 89.0 92.0
Net tangible assets per share (RM) 5.62 5.09 4.95 4.65 4.70
Book value per share (RM) 6.41 5.86 5.76 5.64 5.67
CASA ratio 41.2 39.9 42.5 41.3 34.4
Other Information
Earnings per share (sen)
– basic 65.5 52.2 42.9 12.0 47.0
Dividend per share (sen) 43.06 26.0 23.0 4.8 26.0
Dividend payout ratio (%) 666 51 50 40 56
Number of shares in issue (‘000) 3 10,665,102 10,665,102 10,221,452 9,922,966 9,922,966
Weighted average number of shares in issue (‘000) 10,665,102 10,425,806 10,022,287 9,922,966 9,705,987
Non-Financial Highlights
Share price at year-end (RM) 5.85 5.80 5.45 4.30 5.15
Number of employees 4 33,632 32,696 33,265 34,183 35,265
1 Include investment accounts 
of customers 
and structured 
investments classified as 
financial liabilities designated 
at fair value through profit 
or loss and other liabiliities.
2 Before deducting proposed 
dividend.
3 Excludes 4,908 ordinary 
shares held as treasury 
shares.
4 Excludes headcoun t borne by 
third parties.
5 2019-2020 restated for 
certain expenses which are 
considered as incremental 
and directly attributable to 
the acquisition of a financial 
liability and treated as an 
integral part of the effective 
interest/profit rate. These 
expenses were previously 
included under overheads 
and is now recognised as 
interest expense.
6 Includes proposed single-tier 
special dividend of 7.00 
sen 
per ordinary share in respect 
of the financial year ended 
31  December 2023.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
71
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
5-Year Group Financial Summary

---- Page 74 ----
ASSETS
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 C ash and short term funds, reverse repurchase 
agreements/reverse Collateralised Commodity Murabahah 
and deposits and placements with banks and other 
financial	i
nstitutions
	 Portfolio	of	financial	investments
	 Loans,	advances	and	financing
 S tatutory deposits with central banks
 O ther assets (including intangible assets)
 D eposits from customers
 I nvestment accounts of customers
	 Deposits	and	placements	of	banks	and	other	financial	
i
nstitutions
 B ills and acceptances payable and other liabilities
 D ebt securities issued and other borrowed funds
 O rdinary share capital
 Reserves
 P erpetual preference shares
 N on-controlling interests
72
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Simplified Statements of Financial Position

---- Page 75 ----
2023
RM’000 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4
Net income 4,997,245 5,333,953 5,308,056 5,375,228
Net interest income  
(after modification loss) 2,713,621 2,756,227 2,840,561 2,773,297
Net non-interest income 
and income from Islamic 
banking operation 2,283,624 2,577,726 2,467,495 2,601,931
Overheads (2,343,515) (2,405,067) (2,491,764) (2,624,730)
Profit before taxation and 
zakat 2,236,389 2,481,513 2,492,113 2,330,716
Net profit attributable to 
owners of the Parent 1,644,910 1,773,088 1,847,792 1,715,172
Earnings per share (sen) 15.42 16.63 17.32 16.09
Dividend per share (sen) – 17.50 – 25.50*
* The dividend per share includes the special dividend of 7.00 sen per share.
2022
RM’000 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4
Net income 4,736,369 4,884,369 4,997,115 5,219,663
Net interest income  
(after modification loss) 2,720,211 2,822,141 2,980,062 3,107,214
Net non-interest income 
and income from Islamic 
banking operation2,016,158 2,062,228 2,017,053 2,112,449
Overheads (2,277,538) (2,299,546) (2,280,963) (2,487,460)
Profit before taxation and 
zakat 2,047,666 2,104,838 2,201,877 2,016,629
Net profit attributable to 
owners of the Parent 1,426,984 1,280,695 1,407,232 1,324,952
Earnings per share (sen) 13.96 12.30 13.43 12.49
Dividend per share (sen) – 13.00 – 13.00
Integrated Annual Report 2023
73
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Quarterly Financial Performance

---- Page 76 ----
Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
As at
31 December
RM’million
Effective
interest rate
%
Interest
income/
expense
RM’million
Interest earning assets:
Cash and short-term funds & 
deposits and placements with 
banks and other financial 
institutions 37,980 3.63 1,757
Total securities1 198,538 3.91 7,111
Loans, advances and financing 429,450 5.81 24,036
Interest bearing liabilities:
Total deposits2 541,166 2.96 15,581
Bonds, Sukuk, debentures and 
other borrowings 22,620 5.23 1,013
Subordinated obligations 11,134 4.51 497
1 Total securities include financial investments at fair value through profit or loss, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and debt instruments at amortised cost
2 Total deposits include deposits from customers, investment accounts of customers, deposits and placements of banks and other financial institutions, financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss and structured 
deposits
Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022
As at
31 December
RM’million
Effective
interest rate
%
Interest
income/
expense
RM’million
Interest earning assets:
Cash and short-term funds & 
deposits and placements with 
banks and other financial 
institutions 47,105 2.23 1,093
Total securities1 156,109  3.23 5,091
Loans, advances and financing 394,557 4.81 18,430
Interest bearing liabilities:
Total deposits2 497,929 1.65 8,066
Bonds, Sukuk, debentures and 
other borrowings 18,183 3.16 590
Subordinated obligations 11,015 3.86 408
74
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Key Interest Bearing Assets and Liabilities

---- Page 77 ----
2023
RM’000
2022
RM’000
Value Added
Net interest income (before modification loss) 11,087,453 11,622,921
Modification (loss)/gain (3,747) 6,707
Net interest income (after modification loss) 11,083,706 11,629,628
Income from Islamic banking operations 4,260,336 3,999,849
Net non-interest income 5,670,440 4,208,039
Overheads excluding personnel costs, depreciation and amortisation, and payments to 
community and suppliers/vendors (1,489,639) (959,814)
Expected credit losses on loans, advances and financing (1,534,446) (1,952,725)
Expected credit losses written back/(made) for commitments and contingencies 174,921 (30,756)
Other expected credit losses and impairment allowances made (231,928) (177,757)
Share of results of joint ventures (58,914) (26,022)
Share of results of associates 41,692 66,261
Value added available for distribution 17,916,168 16,756,703
Distribution of Value Added
To employees:
Personnel costs 5,935,888 5,539,404
To the Government:
Taxation and zakat 2,378,636 2,778,079
To providers of capital:
Cash dividends paid to shareholders 3,252,856 649,579
Non-controlling interests 181,133 153,068
To the community 1:
Community investments 32,900 34,000
To the suppliers/vendors2:
Suppliers/Vendors 1,400,000 1,700,000
To reinvest to the Group:
Dividend reinvestment plan – 1,994,866
Depreciation and amortisation 1,006,649 1,112,289
Retained earnings 3,728,106 2,795,418
Value added available for distribution 17,916,168 16,756,703
1. Community investments include contributions to charities, NGOs 
and research institutes (unrelated to the organisation’s 
commercial research and development); funds to support 
community infrastructure, such as recreational facilities; and 
direct costs of developing and implementing social and 
environmental programmes, including arts, and educational 
events – all channelled through CIMB Foundation as well as 
respective business units. Community investments in 2021, 2020 
and 2019 were RM28.7 million, RM29.3 million and RM45.8 
million respectively.
2.
 Suppliers/Vendors include payment made towards products or
 
services or investments in any supplier education or development 
programmes. Payments made to suppliers/vendors in 2021, 2020 
and 2019 were RM1,900.0 million, RM1,200.0 million and 
RM945.0 million respectively.
 T o employees
 T o the Government
 T o providers of capital
 T o the community 1
 T o the suppliers/vendors 2
 T o reinvest to the Group
Integrated Annual Report 2023
75
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Statement of Value Added and Value Distributed

---- Page 78 ----
To maintain a strong and efficient capital base for the Group and its entities to 
(a) meet regulatory capital requirements at all times; (b) realise returns for 
shareholders through sustainable return on equity and stable dividend payout; 
and (c) withstand stressed economic and market conditions.
To allocate capital efficiently across the business units and subsidiaries to 
(a) support
	the
	organic
	growth
	generation;
	(b)
	take
	advantage
	of
	strategic	
acquisitions and new businesses when opportunities arise; and (c) optimise the
 
return on capital for the Group.
To maintain capital at optimal levels to meet the requirements of other 
stakeholders of the Group, including rating agencies and customers through 
(a) liability
	management;
	(b)
	dividend
	reinvestment
	scheme;
	(c)
	deployment
	of	
capital based on risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC) performance
 
measurement; (d) risk-weighted assets (RWA) optimisation exercise; and 
(e) exploring
	strategic
	divestments,
	if
	any.
OVERVIEW
Capital management at CIMB Group remains focused on maintaining a healthy capital 
position through building an efficient capital structure. The capital position and structure of 
the Group are designed to meet the requirements of the Group’s key stakeholders, i.e. 
shareholders, customers, regulators, external rating agencies and others. Guided by CIMB 
Group’s Capital Management Policy and Procedure, the objectives of capital management 
are as follows:
76
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Capital Management

---- Page 79 ----
* Payout ratio based on BAU PAT excluding transformational cost.
**
 Payout 
ratio based on BAU PAT excluding exceptional items.
***
 Payout 
ratio excluding special dividend.
****
 Payout 
ratio including special dividend.
The Group and its banking subsidiaries have always maintained a set of internal capital 
ratios that are above the minimum regulatory capital requirements. The following table 
shows the relevant capital ratios of each of the regulated banking entities of the Group.
Capital Ratios
Common Equity
Tier 1 Capital
As at
31 December
2023
Tier 1 Capital
As at
31 December
2023
Total Capital
As at
31 December
2023
CIMB Group 14.511% 15.126% 18.178%
CIMB Bank 14.695% 15.136% 19.015%
CIMB Islamic 12.996% 13.522% 15.545%
CIMB Investment Bank Group 98.955% 98.955% 98.955%
CIMB Niaga 22.394% 22.394% 23.527%
CIMB Thai 15.255% 15.255% 20.876%
The Group also monitors the leverage ratio which stood at 7.09% as at the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023. The leverage ratio is computed by dividing the Tier 1 capital of 
RM54.99 billion with Total Exposures** of RM775.50 billion. For reference, the leverage ratio 
for financial year ended 31 December 2022 was 7.26%, based on Tier 1 capital of RM51.12 
billion with Total Exposures** of RM704.58 billion.
** Total Exposures computed in line with BNM Basel III Leverage ratio guideline.
KEY INITIATIVES
Our goal is to continuously maintain a sustainable and robust capital position, whilst 
optimising its use fully to create shareholders’ value. Tools that are employed to achieve this 
include but not limited to the following:
(1)
 liability management via redemption and issuance of new Basel III instruments;
(2)
 dividend reinvestment scheme (DRS);
(3)
 RWA optimisation; and
(4)
 Group-wide stress testing and impact assessment.
Key capital management initiatives that were undertaken during the 2023 calendar year include:
(1)
 CIMB Group redeemed RM0.7 billion Basel III Tier 2 Subordinated Debt and RM1.0
 
billion Basel III AT1 Capital Securities.
(2)
 CIMB Group issued RM1.3 billion Basel III Tier 2 Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah. It also
 
issued RM0.4 billion Basel III Additional Tier 1 Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah.
(3)
 The continuing RWA optimisation initiatives during the year, largely through active loan
 
portfolio rebalancing, system and data enhancements and model recalibrations.
DIVIDEND POLICY
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023, the Board had declared a first interim 
dividend of 17.50 sen per ordinary share, a second interim dividend of 18.50 sen per 
ordinary share and a special dividend of 7.00 sen per ordinary share equivalent to RM747 
million, bringing total FY23 dividend to a record of 43.00 sen per ordinary share equivalent 
to RM4.59 billion. The dividends declared for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
are all paid in cash.
DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT SCHEME
The DRS was implemented in 2013 to provide shareholders with an option to reinvest 
dividends into new ordinary shares of CIMB and at the same time to help preserve the 
Group’s capital. It was first applied to the Group’s second interim dividend for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2012. The dividend reinvestment rate has been encouraging, with 
an average take-up rate of approximately 80.1% since inception. The DRS was not made 
applicable to all dividends declared for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 as the 
Group continues its efforts to manage and optimise its capital proactively as well as meeting 
its stakeholders’ expectations.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
77
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 80 ----
CIMB BANK BERHAD
Rating 
Agency
Rating 
Date Rating Classification
Rating 
Accorded Outlook
Moody’s 
Investors 
Service 
(Moody’s)
June 2023 1.
 Long-term Foreign Currency
 
Bank Deposits Rating
2.
 Short-term Foreign Currency
 
Bank Deposits Rating
3.
 Long-term Domestic
 
Currency Bank Deposits 
Rating
4.
 Short-term Domestic
 
Currency Bank Deposits 
Rating
5.
 Senior Unsecured Notes
6.
 USD1.0 billion Multi-
Currency Euro Medium
 
Term Notes Programme
7.
 USD5.0 billion Euro Medium
 
Term Note Programme 
(Senior Unsecured/
Subordinated)
A3
P-2
A3
P-2
A3
(P)A3
(P)A3/(P)Ba1
Stable
Standard & 
Poor’s Ratings 
Services (S&P)
November 
2023
1.
 Long-term Foreign Currency
 
Rating
2.
 Short-term Foreign Currency
 
Rating
3.
 Long-term Local Currency
 
Rating
4.
 Short-term Local Currency
 
Rating
A-
A-2
A-
A-2
Stable
Rating 
Agency
Rating 
Date Rating Classification
Rating 
Accorded Outlook
RAM Rating 
Services 
Berhad (RAM)
August 
2023
1.
 Long-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
2.
 Short-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
3.
 RM10.0 billion Tier 2 Basel
 
III Compliant Subordinated 
Debt Programme
a.
 Issuances on or after 1
 
January 2016 with 
non-viability events 
linked to CIMB Bank 
Berhad as well as CIMB 
Group Holdings Berhad 
and its subsidiaries
4.
 RM10.0 billion Additional
 
Tier-1 Capital Securities 
Programme
5.
 RM20.0 billion Medium
 
Term Notes Programme
6.
 RM15 billion Senior Sukuk
 
Wakalah Programme
7.
 RM15 billion Tier-2
 
Subordinated Sukuk 
Wakalah Programme
8.
 RM15 billion Additional
 
Tier-1 Sukuk Wakalah 
Programme
AAA
P1
AA2
A1
AAA
AA1
AA2
A1
Stable
Malaysian 
Rating 
Corporation 
Berhad 
(MARC)
September 
2023
1.
 Long-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
2.
 Short-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
3.
 RM10.0 billion Tier 2 Basel
 
III Subordinated Debt 
Programme
AAA
MARC-1
AA+
Stable
78
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Credit Ratings

---- Page 81 ----
CIMB GROUP HOLDINGS BERHAD
Rating 
Agency
Rating 
Date Rating Classification
Rating 
Accorded Outlook
Moody’s 
Investors 
Service 
(Moody’s)
June 2023 1.
 Long-term Issuer Rating
2.
 Short-term Issuer Rating
Baa1
P-2 Stable
RAM Rating
 
Services 
Berhad (RAM)
August 
2023
1.
 Long-term Corporate Credit
 
Rating
2.
 Short-term Corporate Credit
 
Rating
3.
 RM6.0 billion Conventional
 
and Islamic Medium-term 
Notes Programme
4.
 RM10.0 billion Additional
 
Tier-1 Capital Securities 
Programme
5.
 RM15 billion Senior Sukuk
 
Wakalah Programme
6.
 RM15 billion Tier-2
 
Subordinated Sukuk 
Wakalah Programme
7.
 RM15 billion Additional
 
Tier-1 Sukuk Wakalah 
Programme
8.
 Proposed RM3 billion
 
Conventional Commercial 
Papers Programme
AA1
P1
AA1
A1
AA1
AA2
A1
P1
Stable
Rating 
Agency
Rating 
Date Rating Classification
Rating 
Accorded Outlook
Malaysian 
Rating 
Corporation 
Berhad 
(MARC)
September 
2023
1.
 Long-term Corporate Credit
 
Rating
2.
 Short-term Corporate Credit
 
Rating
3.
 RM10.0 billion Tier 2 Basel
 
III Compliant Subordinated 
Debt Programme
AA+
MARC-1
AA
Stable
Integrated Annual Report 2023
79
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 82 ----
CIMB INVESTMENT BANK
Rating 
Agency
Rating 
Date Rating Classification
Rating 
Accorded Outlook
Moody’s 
Investors 
Service 
(Moody’s)
June 2023 1.
 Long-term Issuer Rating
2.
 Short-term Issuer Rating
A3
P-2 Stable
RAM Rating
 
Services 
Berhad (RAM)
August 
2023
1.
 Long-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
2.
 Short-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
AAA
P1 Stable
CIMB ISLAMIC BANK
Rating 
Agency
Rating 
Date Rating Classification
Rating 
Accorded Outlook
Moody’s 
Investors 
Service 
(Moody’s)
June 2023 1.
 Long-term Foreign Currency
 
Bank Deposits Rating
2.
 Short-term Foreign Currency
 
Bank Deposits Rating
3.
 Long-term Domestic
 
Currency Bank Deposits 
Rating
4.
 Short-term Domestic
 
Currency Bank Deposits 
Rating
A3
P-2
A3
P-2
Stable
RAM Rating 
Services 
Berhad (RAM)
August 
2023
1.
 Long-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
2.
 Short-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
3.
 RM10.0 billion Sukuk
 
Wakalah Programme
AAA
P1
AAA
Stable
Malaysian 
Rating 
Corporation 
Berhad 
(MARC)
September 
2023
1.
 Long-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
2.
 Short-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
3.
 RM5.0 billion Tier 2 Junior
 
Sukuk Programme
4.
 RM10.0 billlion senior Sukuk
 
Wakalah Programme
AAA
MARC-1
AA+IS
AAAIS
Stable
80
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Credit Ratings

---- Page 83 ----
CIMB THAI
Rating 
Agency
Rating 
Date Rating Classification
Rating 
Accorded Outlook
Moody’s 
Investors 
Service 
(Moody’s)
June 2023 1.
 Long-term Issuer Rating
2.
 Long-term Foreign Currency
 
Bank Deposits Rating
3.
 Short-term Foreign Currency
 
Bank Deposits Rating
4.
 Long-term Domestic
 
Currency Bank Deposits 
Rating
5.
 Short-term Domestic
 
Currency Bank Deposits 
Rating
Baa2
Baa2
P-2
Baa2
P-2
Positive
RAM Rating 
Services 
Berhad (RAM)
August 
2023
1.
 Long-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
2.
 Short-term Financial
 
Institution Rating
3.
 RM2.0 billion Tier 2
 
Subordinated Debt 
Programme
AA2
P1
AA3
Stable
Fitch Ratings August 
2023
1.
 Long-term National Rating
2.
 Short-term National Rating
3.
 Long-term Rating on
 
Subordinated Lower Tier 2
4.
 Short-term Rating for
 
Short-term Debt
AA-(tha)
F1+(tha)
AA-(tha)
F1+(tha)
Stable
CIMB NIAGA
Rating 
Agency
Rating 
Date Rating Classification
Rating 
Accorded Outlook
Moody’s 
Investors 
Service 
(Moody’s)
June 2023 1.
 Long-term Issuer Rating
2.
 Long-term Foreign Currency
 
Bank Deposits Rating
3.
 Short-term Foreign Currency
 
Bank Deposits Rating
4.
 Long-term Domestic
 
Currency Bank Deposits 
Rating
5.
 Short-term Domestic
 
Currency Bank Deposits 
Rating
Baa2
Baa2
P-2
Baa2
P-2
Positive
Pefindo September 
2023
1.
 Corporate Rating
2.
 Shelf Registration Bond
3.
 Shelf Registration Sukuk
 
Mudharabah
4.
 Subordinated Bond
idAAA
idAAA
idAAA(sy)
idAA
Stable
Integrated Annual Report 2023
81
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 84 ----
The FTP framework promotes an efficient Group-wide allocation of 
funding costs and benefits to the business units by considering the 
interest rate and liquidity positions of the Bank. In ensuring sustainable 
balance sheet funding, a liquidity premium is charged to the user of 
funds based on the tenure of the transactions; and liquidity credit 
incentivises the provider of funds that generate long-term, stable 
funding. Presently, we focus on attracting stable retail deposits to 
provide sustainable funding required to extend long-term retail and SME 
credit that are beneficial to the economic livelihood of the society.
The Group maintains a robust liquidity profile to comply with internal 
measures that adhere to the best market practices as guided by the 
Basel Standards. The Group also observes Basel III Liquidity Framework, 
namely the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), with a primary focus on 
ensuring a sufficient buffer of liquid assets to survive a significant stress 
scenario lasting 30 calendar days.
Balance Sheet Management team is responsible for implementation of 
the Standardised Base Rate (SBR) which replaced Base Rate (BR) as the 
new reference rate for retail floating-rate loans and financing for 
individuals from 1 August 2022. SBR is set at the prevailing Overnight 
Policy Rate (OPR). SBR is governed by the Reference Rate Framework 
(RRF) issued by Bank Negara Malaysia (Aug 2021). Existing BR and BLR/
BFR loans will move exactly in tandem with the SBR.
The loans, advances and financing of the Group’s assets is funded from 
a funding mix comprising of customer deposits and investment accounts 
alongside stable long-term borrowings such as senior funding, 
subordinated obligations, as well as securitised assets. Our core source 
of funding, deposits and investment accounts from customers have 
shown growth of 8.0% in 2023 as CASA and Fixed Deposit grew YoY. 
Loans, advances, and financing grew by 8.3% in 2023, however the Net 
Interest Margin contracted YoY mainly due to market competition 
resulting in higher costs of deposits.
The core functions of Balance Sheet Management team include generating balance sheet strategies and providing guidance to business units on sustainable value 
creation for the Group by optimising structural funding and liquidity profile of the Group’s Banking book. The team also maintains a robust and responsive Funds 
Transfer Pricing (FTP) framework, which is governed by the Group Asset Liability Committee (GALCO). The FTP mechanism is reviewed and calibrated based on best 
market practices and various regulatory principles while accommodating for balance sheet strategies as approved by the management and the Board of Directors.
LCR
The Group maintained a healthy and stable level of liquid assets, reflected by a Bank Global Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) of 138% and Bank Islamic LCR of 149% as at 31 December 2023, which is well above the minimum 
requirement of 100%. The bank also observes its level of liquidity using indicators such as loans-to-funding (LTF) 
which includes debt issuances in addition to deposits and loan-to-fund-and-equity (LTFE) which expands the 
measure with the inclusion of equity. The measure for LTF and LTFE for the Group as at 31 December 2023 
remains healthy at 83% and 73% respectively. The Group also tracks the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and 
ensures sufficient growth of high-quality liquid assets as well as sticky deposits to maintain a sustainable liquidity 
buffer to support assets growth.
82
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Balance Sheet Management

---- Page 85 ----
CIMB Group navigated 2023 cautiously in a year fraught with the greatest volatility and uncertainty since the pandemic. The positive reaction from the investment 
community to this measured approach was reflected in the foreign shareholding remaining high and with the share price achieving all-time high levels. The Group’s 
Investor Relations initiative revved into full gear over the year as we bridged the gap with investors at home in Malaysia as well as across the major global financial 
centers, in addition to two Investor Days for CIMB Digital Assets and Sustainability. We pursued and fulfilled our objective to consistently update the investment 
community on all pertinent financial and non-financial matters either by businesses or countries, while ensuring that the Forward23+ plan underlines the overall 
strategic direction. Despite multiple challenges over the 12-month period, the Group was able to meet and exceed all but one of the 2023 financial targets, even after 
upgrading selected guidance post the 1H23 financial results.
2023 witnessed greater geopolitical polarity across the globe which coupled with economic 
and market volatility, transpired to fuel markets with uncertainty over the 12 month period. 
Emergence of new conflicts and tensions in the Middle East added to the 3-year Russia-
Ukraine war, further complicating the already disrupted global supply chain which was 
exacerbated by China’s structural slowdown. Global central banks collectively halted interest 
rate hikes by mid-year as runaway inflation was finally reined in, while stronger-than-
expected macroeconomic data suggests possible fiscal easing going into 2024. ASEAN was 
fairly subdued in terms of developments which presented a more conducive and stable 
operating environment, albeit with an eye on the Indonesia elections in early 2024 and the 
potential follow through effects from the deceleration in China. The Investor Relations team 
clearly communicated the Group’s strategies to manage these challenges transparently and 
realistically, which we believe was appreciated by the investment community.
The Group stayed true to the objective of strengthening operational resiliency and digital 
reliability through the year, whilst continuing to champion the Sustainability agenda for the 
Malaysian banking industry with the focus of creating value for a broader set of 
stakeholders by further raising the sustainable financing target for GSSIPS to RM100 billion 
from RM60 billion. From a corporate development perspective, the Group completed the 
sale of its remaining 25% interest in the stockbroking entity CGS-CIMB on the final business 
day of 2023. We saw several senior management changes with the appointment of Gurdip 
Singh Sidhu as Group Chief Operating & People Officer, Novan Amirudin as CEO of CIMB 
Investment Bank as well as the appointments of Lawrence Loh and Ahmad Shazli 
Kamarulzaman as co-CEOs of Group Commercial and Transaction Banking. These 
represented some of the variety of financial and non-financial matters that the Investor 
Relations team addressed from the investment community.
Undoubtedly, investors and stakeholders place greatest emphasis on financial information 
and performance. CIMB Group adheres strictly to the principle of ensuring all stakeholders 
are accorded equal access to information as timely and transparently as possible, and 
where appropriate, matters are addressed directly by senior management. Through the year, 
management actively updated the investment community on the strategic direction of the 
Group, business lines and country performances. The pertinent topic for the year was 
mainly the state of deposit price competition in the key operating countries, which had an 
adverse impact on industry NIM, and how the Group dealt with this challenge via 
strengthening
	of
	its
	deposit
	and
	CASA
	franchise.
	Other
	relevant
	issues
	included;
	i) 
cost	
management and the impact on CIR, ii) the sustainability of the Group’s improved asset
 
quality and steps taken to ensure its stability, iii) capital management and the prescribed 
level of comfort for CET, iv) capital optimisation strategies and the ability to increase 
dividend payout, v) strategies to improve CIMB Niaga’s contribution to the Group, and 
vi) direction
	and
	updates
	on
	key
	Forward23+
	developments
	towards
	achieving
	the	 
targeted ROE.
Understanding investors’ needs and wants is essential for a successful Investor Relations
 
initiative. The team ensured that all queries and concerns were addressed as timely and 
comprehensively as possible, whilst providing maximum access for external stakeholders to 
CIMB Group’s senior management via the facilitation of one-on-one meetings, 
teleconferences, non-deal roadshows and investor conferences. Both the Group CFO Khairul 
Rifaie and Group CEO Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad led the engagements and were aided by 
other members of senior management, namely Ibu Lani Darmawan (President Director and 
CEO of CIMB Niaga), Effendy Shahul Hamid (CEO Group Consumer & Digital Banking), 
Lee Kai
	Kwong
	(CFO
	CIMB
	Niaga)
	and
	Luanne
	Sieh
	(Group
	Chief
	Sustainability
	Officer).
Integrated Annual Report 2023
83
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Investor Relations

---- Page 86 ----
In October 2023, the Group hosted the CIMB Digital Assets 
Investor Day to bring forth a comprehensive overview of the 
Group’s strategies with regards to the operations of the 
Touch ‘n Go Group (including Touch ‘n Go Digital), CIMB 
Philippines and CIMB Vietnam. The Investor Day was led by 
the CEO of Group Consumer & Digital Banking, Effendy 
Shahul Hamid and the Group CFO, supported by the CEOs 
of CIMB Philippines and TnG Digital, who shone the spotlight 
on up-and-coming businesses which have the potential to 
be growth drivers for the Group. The hybrid event was well 
attended and received positive feedback. In September 
2023, we conducted the annual Sustainability Investor Day in 
conjunction with The Cooler Earth Summit. The Group Chief 
Sustainability Officer, Luanne Sieh held court in providing 
exciting updates on the Group’s progress and initiatives.
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS:
Date Event 
16 June 2023 CIMB Group appoints Novan Amirudin as CEO of CIMB Investment Bank Bursa Announcement
23 June 2023 CIMB Group appoints Gurdip Singh Sidhu as Group Chief Operating & 
People Officer
Bursa Announcement
4 September 2023 CIMB Group appoints Lawrence Loh and Ahmad Shazli Kamarulzaman as 
Co-CEOs of Group Commercial and Transaction Banking
News
29 December 2023 CIMB completes divestment of remaining 25% interest in CGS-CIMB Bursa Announcement
ANALYST BRIEFINGS
The customary quarterly financial results analyst and investor briefings were led by the Group CEO and Group CFO, where the 
financial performance for each quarter were presented, as well as progress updates on the Forward23+ strategy. All briefings 
were conducted virtually and continued to receive strong involvement from both domestic and regional equity and debt 
analysts and fund managers with active Q&A sessions.
The Investor Relations team is committed to greater disclosure, transparency and stakeholder inclusiveness by ensuring that 
Financial Statements and press releases are uploaded to Bursa Malaysia within the stipulated dates and times. Additionally, 
relevant documents are shared with internal and external stakeholders via email. These documents, together with the 
recording of the investor briefings are made available on the Group’s Investor Relations webpage in a timely manner. The 
The CEO of Group Consumer and Digital Banking, Effendy Shahul 
Hamid, presenting at the CIMB Digital Assets Investor Day
Ms. Luanne Sieh (Group Chief Sustainability Officer), Ms. Teoh Su 
Yin (Independent Director of CIMB Group and Chairperson of the 
Group Sustainability and Governance Committee) and Ms Tania 
Davina Yoganathan (Head of Sustainability Malaysia) at the 
Sustainability Investor Day 2023
The Group CEO and CFO at the 4Q23 results briefing
84
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Investor Relations

---- Page 87 ----
Group continues to host press conferences for the announcement of the half- and full-year 
financial results. The Group CEO and CFO present the financial performance to members of 
the media and provides an avenue to take questions on either the financials or other 
operational and relevant matters.
ANNOUNCEMENT OF FINANCIAL RESULTS:
Date Event Type of Meeting
31 May 2023 CIMB Group 1Q23 Results Conference Call
30 August 2023 CIMB Group 2Q23 Results Conference Call
30 November 2023 CIMB Group 3Q23 Results Conference Call
29 February 2024 CIMB Group 4Q23 Results Conference Call
AGM/EGM
The Group held its 66th Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 13 April 2023 at its corporate 
headquarters in Menara CIMB, and was conducted virtually for the fourth consecutive year. 
Although COVID-19 restrictions had eased, several non-Malaysian members of the Board of 
Directors were unable to travel and had to participate virtually. Likewise, the decision was 
made to conduct a full-virtual AGM for the safety and wellbeing of our shareholders.
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad addressed shareholders in a more upbeat tone than the 
previous years in view of the much improved Group revenues, robust loan growth, the 
recovery of deposit growth most notably CASA, the tight cost management measures and 
the lowering of loan provisions. These factors led to the improved Group profitability and 
ROE in 2022 as well as capital levels. Further, the Group CEO elaborated on the progress of 
the various Forward23+ programmes, which laid firm foundation towards achieving the 
Group’s 2024 targets. Dato’ Abdul Rahman painted a cautiously optimistic picture for 2023, 
with particular emphasis on the escalating geopolitical conflicts globally, sustained disruptions 
in major economies and the intensifying deposit competition.
The 66th AGM was as interactive as previous years, as the virtual Q&A session tackled a 
variety of pre-submitted and “live” questions, feedback and opinions, which were answered 
by the Group CEO, CFO and members of the Board. Dato’ Abdul Rahman also addressed a 
list of official questions from the Minority Shareholders Watch Group (MSWG) and 
Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB). The shareholders’ topics focused on asset quality, 
Forward23+ initiatives and strategic direction, operational issues in Malaysia as well as 
Sustainability matters.
The Board of Directors addressing shareholders at the 66th AGM
INVESTOR MEETINGS
2023 saw a gradual return of in-person investor meetings as foreign investors increased visits 
to regional corporates. The opportunity to host institutional investors in our meeting rooms 
which laid idle since the pandemic was pleasant and welcomed. Face-to-face interactions are 
crucial for the Investor Relations function to facilitate direct engagement with senior 
management. The Group intensified participation in non-deal roadshows and investor 
conferences across the main financial centers globally, with both the Group CEO and CFO 
reaching out to investors in their home countries. It was the first opportunity for many 
investors to meet and speak to Dato’ Abdul Rahman personally and the ability to engage 
directly on various internal and external issues strengthens relationships and builds trust.
In 2023, the Group held 88 investor meetings, a significant increase from the 71 meetings 
in 2022. This included 13 in-house meetings and 21 teleconference and virtual calls. The 
number of sell- and buy-side analysts and fund managers met were slightly lower at 447 for 
the year compared to 490 in 2022, mainly due to the Group conducting higher quality 
one-on-one, face-to-face meetings and smaller group meetings. With free movement and 
travel, the investment community is striking a better balance between virtual calls for ease 
of logistics and convenience, and face-to-face interactions for the better quality discussions.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
85
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 88 ----
CIMB Niaga maintained the same number of investor meetings (29) in 2023, in light of the interest in ASEAN & Indonesian 
financial institutions from the favourable economic developments. CIMB Niaga saw an increase in the number of investors 
met in 2022, as investors favour the face-to-face investor engagement.
As per previous years, the Investor Relations team hosted eight virtual meetings with the domestic buy- and sell-side before 
each quarterly closed period to keep investors updated on latest progress updates. This is an addition to the four regular 
quarterly financial announcement briefings, the recordings of which are permanently accessible on the Group’s Investor 
Relations webpage.
NO. OF MEETINGS/NO. OF FUND MANAGERS AND ANALYSTS
CIMB Group
2022 2023
Meetings FM/Analysts Meetings FM/Analysts
In-house meetings 12 27 13 36
Conferences 13 155 15 68
Non-deal roadshows 23 50 39 79
Teleconferences 23 258 21 264
Total 71 490 88 447
CIMB Niaga
2022 2023
Meetings FM/Analysts Meetings FM/Analysts
In-house meetings 29 97 29 104
Total 29 97 29 104
CONFERENCES AND ROADSHOWS
The Group actively attended investor conferences and 
conducted non-deal roadshows (NDRs) physically in 2023, 
both regionally and globally. One of the principal 
responsibilities of the Investor Relations division is to ensure 
that existing and potential strategic institutional investors are 
accorded face time with members of senior management to 
discuss latest developments, listen to updates on strategic 
direction and business trends and to pose questions directly 
without fear or favour. The Group CEO and CFO travelled to 
and met numerous investors in Singapore, Hong Kong, 
London, the United States of America and several financial 
centers in Europe to personally update on the Forward23+ 
plan, discuss the financial performance and engage on 
various topics affecting the global financial sector. We also 
participated in several virtual conferences, which remained 
an option during the year.
We increased our direct engagement efforts and participated 
in 4 conferences and 4 NDRs in 2023, comprising a total of 
54 investor meetings (15 meetings in conferences and 39 
meetings in NDRs) and meeting 147 buy- and sell-side 
institutional participants. This was a significant increase in 
the number of meetings compared to the previous year. 
The Investor Relations team continues to utilise shareholder 
analysis tools and services to target the right investors and 
maximise management’s time utility.
86
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Investor Relations

---- Page 89 ----
CONFERENCES AND ROADSHOWS
Date Event Location Organiser
6 January 2023 CGS-CIMB 15th Annual Malaysia Virtual Corporate Day Kuala Lumpur CGS-CIMB
8 March 2023 Non-Deal Roadshow Singapore UBS
9-10 March 2023 19th Annual CITIC CLSA ASEAN Forum Bangkok CLSA
20-21 March 2023 Credit Suisse 26th Asian Investment Conference Hong Kong Credit Suisse
6 June 2023 Macquarie ASEAN Banks Tour Kuala Lumpur Macquarie
12 September 2023 CIMB ESG Corporate Day 2023 Kuala Lumpur CIMB
11-13 September 2023 Non-Deal Roadshow London UBS
14 September 2023 Non-Deal Roadshow Paris UBS
18-19 September 2023 Non-Deal Roadshow Boston, Des Moines UBS
9-10 October 2023 Non-Deal Roadshow Singapore JP Morgan
18-20 October 2023 Non-Deal Roadshow Hong Kong Citi
31 October 2023 CIMB Group Digital Assets Investor Day 2023 Kuala Lumpur CIMB
RESEARCH COVERAGE
As the third largest company by market capitalisation on Bursa Malaysia as at end-2023 and a core component of the FBMKLCI Index, CIMB 
Group’s blue chip status ensures strong coverage by the investment community. Additionally, the Group remains the second largest financial 
institution in Malaysia by assets and the fifth largest in ASEAN. As of end December 2023, the stock (Bursa: 1023, Bloomberg: CIMB:MK) 
remains actively covered by a total of 21 sell-side analysts and research houses and has a substantial following amongst domestic, regional and 
global buy-side analysts and fund managers.
No Research House
1
 Affin Hwang Investment Bank
2
 AllianceDBS Research
3
 AmInvestment Bank
4
 BofA Global Research
5
 Citi Investment Research
6
 CLSA Securities
7
 Credit Suisse Securities
8
 Hong Leong Investment Bank
9
 JP Morgan Securities
10
 KAF-Seagroatt & Campbell Securities
11
 Kenanga Investment Bank
12
 Macquarie Capital Securities
13
 Maybank Investment Bank
14
 MIDF Amanah Investment Bank
15
 Morgan Stanley Research
16
 Nomura Securities
17
 Public Investment Bank
18
 RHB Research
19
 TA Securities
20
 UBS Securities
21
 UOB Kay Hian
Integrated Annual Report 2023
87
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 90 ----
CREDIT RATING
Independent external evaluations of corporates are an 
essential part of views and opinions formed by existing and 
potential institutional investors, correspondent banks, 
counterparty financial institutions, business partners and 
stakeholders. The Investor Relations team leads the 
engagements with local, regional and global credit rating 
agencies to ensure that the ratings and factual data 
encompassed are comprehensive and fair. Given the 
upheavals in global economies and the banking sector over 
the recent years, it remains essential for external 
stakeholders to be provided with independent reviews of 
the resilience, strength and creditworthiness of the Group’s 
financials, risk and asset quality management, capital 
adequacy and operational performance.
As such, the Investor Relations team maintains a strong 
relationship with these credit rating agencies during annual 
review periods as well as for ad-hoc updates and 
clarifications. The Group’s senior management meets virtually 
and physically to discuss and outline the Group and banking 
entities’ strategic direction, plans and financial performance. 
Complete operational data and financial details are provided 
by the Investor Relations team to the agencies for their 
evaluation purposes. The Group maintains solicited and 
unsolicited arrangements with Moody’s Investors Services, 
Standard and Poor’s (S&P), RAM Ratings, Malaysian Rating 
Corporation (MARC) and Fitch Ratings; who provide local- 
and foreign-currency credit rating profiles for all licensed 
banking entities within the Group. The strong relationship 
also provides the Group with access to the latest insights 
and updates on regional and global economies and markets 
from the rating agencies’ perspective.
SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE AND FOREIGN SHAREHOLDING
The Group’s share price performance was commendable in 2023 despite the challenges to the Malaysian equity market over 
the year. This was buoyed by a strengthened financial performance, management’s realistic guidance on financial targets as 
well as delivering on operational improvements in line with the Forward23+ strategic plan. The Group’s share price rose by 
6.6% for the year, ending at RM5.85 as at end-2023 compared to the adjusted end-2022 price of RM5.49. The challenges in 
the earlier part of the year was reflected in the Group’s foreign shareholding which fell to a low of 28.5% in Aug-23 after 
starting the year at 30.8%. The share price movement tracks foreign shareholding closely as the share price was at the 
year-low of RM4.66 in Jun-23, before a posting strong rebound in the second half of the year as investor interest returned, 
with the stock hitting a high of RM5.96 in Dec-23 following the foreign shareholding trend which ended the year at 30.7%. 
The intensified investor engagement via NDRs, conferences and meetings appear to have achieved the desired outcome as 
the Group witnessed the entry of new investors and continued position-building by existing shareholders over the past 12 
months.
This effectively translated to a 9.3% outperformance against the FBMKLCI, which declined by 2.7% over the year. The Group 
also outperformed the wider Malaysian financial sector (KLFin Index) which declined by 0.3% in 2023, as domestic financial 
institutions faced profitability challenges from the intensified deposit competition which compromised NIMs and inflation-led 
operational cost increases. CIMB Group was able to buck the trend by delivering on its portfolio reshaping initiatives, a 
stronger financial performance from CIMB Niaga and turning around previously loss-making operations.
The Group met and surpassed all but one of its financial targets for the year, which was well received by the investment 
community. With all targets and Forward23+ initiatives on track, the Group declared a higher dividend payout of 55% for the 
year, with a proposed all-cash second interim dividend of 18.50 sen per share. In addition, the Group announced a special 
dividend of RM747 million, translating to 7.00 sen per share, bringing the total dividends declared for 2023 to a record 
RM4.6 billion or 43.00 sen per share.
“The Group announced a special 
dividend of RM747 million, translating 
to 7.00 sen per share, bringing the total 
dividends declared for 2023 to a record 
RM4.6 billion or 43.00 sen per share.
88
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Investor Relations

---- Page 91 ----
CIMB Group Share Price and Volume
CIMB Group Foreign Shareholding
Integrated Annual Report 2023
89
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 92 ----
Shareholders’ Returns (6 June 2005* – 31 December 2023)
5-year Foreign Shareholding Trend (December 2018 – December 2023)
1 YEAR 17.5 YEARS
CIMB +6.6% +363.2%
FBMKLCI -2.7% +65.4%
Note: *Date of announcement of the M&A between CIMB Berhad and CAHB
90
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Investor Relations

---- Page 93 ----
2024 TENTATIVE DATES
31 MAY 2024
1Q 2024
Financial Results
30 AUGUST 2024
2Q 2024
Financial Results
29 NOVEMBER 2024
3Q 2024
Financial Results
FEBRUARY 2025
4Q 2024
Financial Results
28 FEBRUARY 2023
Announcement of the unaudited 
consolidated financial results for the fourth 
quarter and financial year ended 
31 December
	2022
13 MARCH 2023
Notice of book closure for single tier 
second interim dividend of 13.00 sen per 
share for the financial year ended 
31 December
	2022
14 MARCH 2023
Date of entitlement for the single tier 
second interim dividend of 13.00 sen per 
share for the financial year ended 
31 December
	2022
16 MARCH 2023
Notice of 66th Annual General Meeting
16 MARCH 2023
Issuance of Annual Report for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022
12 APRIL 2023
Payment of the single tier second interim 
dividend of 13.00 sen per share for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022
13 APRIL 2023
66th Annual General Meeting
31 MAY 2023
Announcement of the unaudited 
consolidated financial results for the first 
quarter ended 31 March 2023
30 AUGUST 2023
Announcement of the unaudited 
consolidated financial results for the 
second quarter and half year ended 
30 June
	2023
20 SEPTEMBER 2023
Notice of book closure for single tier first 
interim dividend of 17.50 sen per share for 
the financial year ending 31 December 
2023
21 SEPTEMBER 2023
Date of entitlement for the single tier first 
interim dividend of 17.50 sen per share for 
the financial year ending 31 December 
2023
12 OCTOBER 2023
Payment of the single tier first interim 
dividend of 17.50 sen per share for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2023
30 NOVEMBER 2023
Announcement of the unaudited 
consolidated financial results for the third 
quarter ended 30 September 2023
29 FEBRUARY 2024
Announcement of the unaudited 
consolidated financial results for the fourth 
quarter ended 31 December 2023
Integrated Annual Report 2023
91
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Financial Calendar

---- Page 94 ----
GROUP CONSUMER AND DIGITAL BANKING
Effendy Shahul Hamid
Despite a challenging operating environment and 
ambitious targets set against a strong 2022, our 
businesses stayed on course and grew exceptionally 
well. We streamlined the consumer banking and digital 
assets divisions, laying the groundwork for long-term 
success and enabling best-in-class sharing and evolution. 
This positive momentum is echoed in our overall 
performance, and the total banking customer base 
continued its accelerated growth at 9.1% YoY through 
the expansion of products, services, and partnerships.
Our markets in Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand 
and Cambodia (MISTC) remained resilient through strong 
foundations, achieving a PBT growth of 8% YoY while we 
continued to strengthen the risk engines and digital 
proliferation to future-proof the business and better 
serve our customers. Digital businesses exceeded 
expectations with accelerated growth in loans and 
deposit books, including CIMB Philippines achieving its 
first year of profitability. We proudly stand among the 
select few in ASEAN who have successfully realised 
next-gen banking models.
We continued to accelerate our digital agendas, carefully 
listening to our customers to ensure we are designing 
the propositions they want. We have also begun 
thinking about product development cadence and 
capabilities, channel strategies and enterprise data 
initiatives for the future.
Overall, it has been a strong year for our consumer and 
digital franchise and we will continue charting the path 
towards building long-term value for our stakeholders.
WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO
Group Consumer and Digital Banking (GCDB) comprises the Group’s entire consumer banking franchise, retail segments, products and 
channels across seven ASEAN countries, including two digital banks. In addition, GCDB is also responsible for CIMB Group’s investments, 
partnerships and value-creation activities in the digital space, previously within the ambit of CIMB Digital Assets, which includes Touch ‘n 
Go (TNG) and TNG Digital (TNGD).
Operating a diverse banking footprint across Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, Cambodia, Philippines and Vietnam, GCDB 
provides a range of retail financial products and services collectively to around 25 million customers through a network of over 600 
retail branches, more than 6,800 self-service customer access points, and multiple digital banking platforms.
GCDB provides every day as well as bespoke banking solutions to individual customers covering both Conventional and Islamic (selected 
markets) financial products and services which include deposit accounts, property loans/financing, auto loans/financing, credit cards, 
personal financing, wealth management and investment, bancassurance, remittance and foreign exchange.
FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Overall performance is trending in the right direction towards our Forward23+ ambitions, marked by robust financial performance and 
balance sheet growth that outpaced the industry. 
Customer acquisition maintained an accelerated growth at 9.1% YoY, with the Preferred segment expanding by 9.2% YoY. This is 
attributed to the ongoing focus on product innovation, high-potential business segments, and strategic scaling in digital platforms and 
partnerships. CIMB Group has emerged as one of the largest in customer count among the top ASEAN banks by market capitalisation.
CONSUMER BANKING FRANCHISE (MISTC)
MISTC continued to deliver financial growth 
despite challenges from net interest margin (NIM) 
compression, a weaker investment environment 
and macro headwinds. PBT grew 8% YoY on the 
back of balance sheet expansion, contained 
expenses and lower provisions. Loans charted a 
7.4% growth YoY, with all MISTC franchises 
registering decent growth but mainly anchored by 
Malaysia, driven by mortgages and auto loans. 
Deposits grew 16.5% YoY driven by healthy CASA 
and strong FD growth across all markets.
Digital engagement continued to accelerate, with 
an 11.1% growth in digital transactions YoY.
Loans (RM’bil)  7.4% YoY PBT (RM’bil)  8% YoY
Deposits (RM’bil)  16.5% YoY
Revenue (RM’bil)  0.8% YoY
PPOP (RM’bil)  (6.3%) YoY
Clicks and Octo Registered Customers (#’mil)  10.8% YoY
Digital Transactions (Web + App) (#’mil)  11.1% YoY
92
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Business Review

---- Page 95 ----
Digital and Other Businesses (CIMB Philippines, CIMB Vietnam, 
TNG and TNGD)
Strong growth momentum in these businesses and accelerating the 
realisation of the Group’s digital banking aspirations.
TNG’s business fundamentals remain robust, enabling the achievement 
of profitability targets. In 2023, TNG stayed on course in strengthening 
digital capabilities, customer experience, and develop new business 
cases beyond payments to drive long term value.
TNGD continued its path towards monetisation with significant 
progress in expanding its array of digital financial services, customer 
loyalty programmes and other revenue streams. The eWallet achieved 
a new growth milestone, reaching over 26 million users and 1.2 million 
merchant points.
CIMB Philippines doubled down in driving loan and deposits growth, 
achieving loan growth of 89% YoY and deposits growth of 24% YoY, 
marking the first positive PBT since its establishment.
CIMB Vietnam continued to grow and sustain customer acquisition 
momentum, achieving the first 1 million customers via partnerships 
and new use cases.
Customers (#’mil)  12.8% YoY
CIMB Philippines CIMB Vietnam
TNGD
Loans (RM’bil)  89% YoY
Deposits (RM’bil)  24% YoY Merchants (#’mil)  75.5% YoY
Customers (#’mil)  46.9% YoY
Registered Users (#’mil)  41.1% YoY
• Challenging macroeconomic
environment with NIM
compression, a weaker
investment environment, and
geopolitical risks as well as
concerns on cybersecurity and
fraud risks
DRIVERS OF PERFORMANCE 
AND GROWTH
• Continued to drive balance sheet growth
while monitoring credit quality
• Doubled down in high-value areas where
digital capabilities and propositions are
concerned, for long-term value creation
STRATEGIES/APPROACHES 
DEPLOYED
Implemented various security measures and intensified efforts around 
operational resiliency in the areas of structure, processes, 
governance, and operating model
Consumer Banking (MISTC)
• +7.4% YoY loan growth
• +16.5% YoY deposit growth
CIMB Philippines
Deepened existing partnerships to broaden customer acquisition and
 
cross/up-sell financial product offerings to achieve profitability
VALUE CREATION RESULTS 
AND OUTCOMES
RISK
• Heightened competition with
challenges arising from both
digital banks and non-bank
financial services that disrupt
consumer behaviours, digital
operating models, and rising
cost of deposits
•
Streamlined divisions to facilitate
best-in-class sharing
• Leveraged on our ability to pivot and
expand on existing market advantages
to remain ahead of the curve, alongside
our pursuit of differentiated propositions
in terms of strategy, design and
execution
Accelerated digital-capability building, product and service offerings
  
within and beyond CIMB ecosystems
CIMB Niaga and CIMB Vietnam
Innovative digital build-out and unique in-market ability to pursue 
platform partnerships for financial services distribution
CIMB Philippines
Leading digital banking franchise in ASEAN, strong momentum and 
customer base for product cross-selling and monetisation
CHALLENGE
• Continued demand for
embedded financial services,
digital-platform-oriented plays,
and sustainability products
• Focused on developing market leadership
in sustainable banking solutions
• Continued building-out of partner-centric
business models across the board,
solidifying capabilities and positioning as
platform-based digital businesses
RM10.9 billion  disbursed in GSSIPS
TNGD
Leading digital platform in Malaysia, strongly positioned as partner of 
choice for financial institutions
OPPORTUNITY
WHAT INFLUENCED OUR ABILITY TO CREATE VALUE
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
GCDB has made significant strides in advancing its sustainability agenda across various fronts. We continued to promote 
existing products and introduce new sustainable options to communities and empower customers to adopt a sustainable 
lifestyle. These efforts have resulted in a total disbursement of RM10.9 billion in Green, Social & Sustainable Impact 
Products and Services1 (GSSIPS), with noteworthy initiatives such as the first-in-market to introduce the most 
comprehensive suite of Electric Vehicle (EV) financial solutions and Sustainable Living Home Solutions (CIMB Malaysia), as 
well as launching Green Renovation-i Financing (CIMB Singapore).
We also remained committed to building an inclusive, progressive and financially literate society through innovative 
products, technology, facilities, programmes, and partnerships, including:
• Improved branch facilities, services and processes to be more disabled friendly, with wheelchair services across all
Malaysia branches
• Introduced the first branch with integrated sustainable features encompassing environmental and social aspects (CIMB Malaysia)
• Championed the government’s e-credit disbursement initiatives, reaching the Malaysian masses (TNGD)
• Established inclusive workplace practices for differently-abled individuals (TNG, TNGD and CIMB Thai)
• Launched the 'Dana Rahmah' initiative to provide essential insurance coverage to Malaysia’s B40 community (TNGD)
For more details on our sustainability contributions, please refer to CIMB’s Sustainability Report 2023
1 CIMB MISTC
Integrated Annual Report 2023
93
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 96 ----
SHAREHOLDERS
Achieve operational stability, resilience, 
and efficiency while proliferating 
technology and high-growth digital 
businesses to ensure sustainable 
returns and long-term value creation
CUSTOMERS
Provide differentiated propositions, 
deliver best-in-class customer and digital 
platform experiences, and strengthen 
trust through a robust risk engine
COMMUNITIES
Champion community welfare and 
wellbeing through financial inclusivity, 
accessibility, and sustainability Initiatives
EMPLOYEES
Prioritise employee wellbeing and 
exposure through our diversified ASEAN 
portfolio
REGULATORS
Remain nimble to regulations and 
policies and deploy our robust risk 
management framework and compliance 
measures to ensure highest level of 
integrity
WHAT OUR STAKEHOLDERS EXPECTED
8%1 YoY
PBT growth
First-year profitability
with 89% YoY loan growth  
(CIMB Philippines)
Enhanced security features and 
data analytics to safeguard users 
Expanded product propositions and 
accessibility to digital financial 
services through strategic partnerships 
and innovation
Bank of the Year by Asian Banker and 
Euromoney (CIMB Malaysia)
TNGD awarded Fintech of the Year 
and Brand of the Year
Best bank in the Philippines and 
fastest-growing customer base 
amongst digital banks in ASEAN through 
CIMB Philippines’ digital delivery model
CIMB Flood Relief Assistance Plan 
supported customers affected by the 
floods (CIMB Malaysia)
Over 135k hours 2
of volunteer work and sustainability 
training 
RM10.9 billion 
disbursed in GSSIPS
First-in-market 
to introduce the most comprehensive 
suite of EV financial solutions
Introduced first branch  
with integrated sustainable features 
(CIMB Malaysia)
Championed financial inclusion  
with TNGD disbursed >50% of 
government’s e-credit initiatives, >50% of 
lending customers as first-time bank 
borrowers in the Philippines
Promoted inclusive communities 
including workplaces for differently-abled 
individuals (TNG, TNGD and CIMB Thai), 
wheelchair services in all Malaysia 
branches
Streamlined divisions  
and enabled best-in-class sharing
Best Company to Work
for in Asia (CIMB Vietnam)
Multi-award-winning bank in digital 
solutions including Best Bank for Digital 
Solutions (CIMB Malaysia), Most 
Innovative Digital Bank (CIMB Vietnam), 
Wealth Management Platform of the 
Year (CIMB Thai)
Intensified in-person staff engagement 
and sharing sessions 
OHI improved 
to top quartile
Advanced in risk management  
through regional oversight, process 
enhancement, and strengthened 
governance and controls
HOW WE CREATED VALUE IN 2023
Our Strategic Focus Areas
•
 Focused Investments
•
 Customer Centricity/Digitise for Value
•
 Sustainable Financial Returns
Material Matters
•
  Sustainable, Responsible Finance
•  Financial Inclusion and Literacy
•
 Customer Experience
•
 Digitalisation and Innovation
•
 Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
•
 Corporate Citizenship
•
 Risk Management and Business Resilience
Capitals Affected
•
 Financial Strength
•
 Intellectual Capital
•
 Physical Network
•
 Robust Relationships
1 CIMB MSTC 2 CIMB MISTC, TNG, TNGD
94
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Business Review

---- Page 97 ----
PROGRESS ON FORWARD23+ THEMES/FOCUS AREAS
FORWARD23+ 
STRATEGIC THEMES INITIATIVES RESULTS
Delivering 
Sustainable  
Financial Returns
Accelerated profitable growth through
 
loan growth and deposit gathering while 
optimising cost
•
 7.4% YoY loan growth and 16.5% YoY deposit growth in
 
Consumer Banking (MISTC)
•
 First-year profitability with 89% YoY loan growth in CIMB
 
Philippines
Doubled down on Preferred & Wealth 
with client-centric advisory model, 
exploiting regional corridors via referrals
•
 Growth in affluent AUM 16.3% and customers 9.2% YoY
•
 Over 220 cross-border referrals for insurance and wealth
 
financing
Focused on long-term growth and 
creating strategic hedges for the future in 
terms of platform economics, new 
revenue streams, and valuation upside
•
 TNG eWallet expanded digital financial services and
 
delivered additional revenue streams
Customer 
Centricity/Digitise 
for Value
Pursued new capabilities in technology, 
data and analytics to deliver differentiated 
services, value propositions and greater 
customer experience across the board
•
 9.1% YoY growth in total banking customers
•
 Implemented robust security features and processes to
 
safeguard customers
•
 Enhanced digitised banking experiences, including chatbots,
 
interactive displays for self-service and digital branches
•
 TNGD launched New GOrewards Loyalty Programme to
 
drive more value to customers
•
 Enhanced distribution and access to digital financial services
 
via new product development and digital partnerships
Focused 
Investments
Proliferated focused investments in key 
digital businesses and grow these 
ventures as attacker franchises, leveraging 
on equity and non-equity partnerships
•
 CIMB’s digital and other businesses continued to progress
 
strongly on multiple fronts, outperforming growth targets 
and capturing value for the Group
Consumer Banking Franchise (MISTC):
•
 CIMB Malaysia
 continues to focus on strong balance sheet growth, with a 
robust retail distribution engine and an affluent play. In 2024, the Group 
will continue to invest towards technology modernisation and operational 
optimisation.
•
 CIMB Niaga
 continues to sustain its growth momentum through product 
innovation, partnerships, and high-potential business segments to broaden 
ambitions for potential outsized value.
•
 CIMB Singapore
 will stay on course, strengthening its positioning as a 
regional wealth hub, and double down on digitisation, product designs and 
partnerships to scale.
•
 CIMB Thai
 remains focused on strong product propositions in the affluent 
space and is gearing towards a step change in digital capability and 
enabling ecosystem partnership models for high scalability potential and 
brand differentiation.
Digital and Other Businesses:
•
 CIMB Philippines
 is expected to continue operating on a robust growth 
trajectory as the leading digital bank in the market. We will continue to scale on 
acquisitions, deposits and loans at manageable credit risk costs while seeding 
new growth for the business.
•
 CIMB Vietnam
 will gear towards the next phase of scaling and accelerate our 
ambitions in the market through high-value partnerships, digital capabilities and 
expanding the loan and deposit portfolio.
•
 TNG
 is set forth on a growth expedition. 2024 will see us exploring new avenues 
for revenue and unifying core verticals to adapt to the changing landscape as we 
gear towards the next phase of TNG's evolution and realising its full potential.
•
 TNGD
 will continue to serve as a crucial platform for Malaysia. We will expand by 
creating differentiated products and services, leveraging our merchant network, 
and further optimising the cost structure as we move towards new growth.
2024 OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
As we set our course into the final year of our Forward23+ 
strategic plan, we remain focused on driving profitability through 
targeted loan and CASA growth, strengthening the Wealth 
segment and optimising core fundamentals. Our overarching 
principle is to future-proof the business, and we will undertake 
continued modernisation of technology and build digital 
capabilities around data analytics and consumer products to 
drive greater resiliency, speed of development, and innovation to 
capture long-term value.
We will continue to place people-first as our employees are the 
most valuable asset in driving the growth and success of the 
businesses. Our proficiency in full-digital next-gen banking 
models, alongside with our talents and leaders from these 
digital-native businesses, will add intrinsic value to the Group 
and position us to stay ahead in the face of heightened 
competition from emerging digital banks.
Global Retail Banking Innovation Awards 
2023
•
 Best Retail Bank – Malaysia
•
 Best Digital Bank – Malaysia
•
 Best Mobile Banking Initiative – Malaysia
•
 Best Savings Account – Malaysia
•
 Outstanding Retail Sales Across Digital
 
Channels – Malaysia
•
 Wealth Hub of the Year – Malaysia
•
 Best Credit Card for Affluent Clients
 
– Malaysia
Asiamoney Best Bank Awards 2023
•
 Best Domestic Bank – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Digital Solutions – Malaysia
Euromoney Award for Excellence 2023
•
 Best Bank – Malaysia
Asian Banker’s Global Excellence in
 
Retail Financial Services Awards 2023
•
 Best Retail Bank – Malaysia
International Finance Awards 2023
•
 Most Innovative Digital Bank – Vietnam
Global 
Banking & Finance Review Awards
•
 Excellence in Innovation – Digital Banking
 
– Vietnam
HR Asia
•
 Best company to work for in ASIA 2023
 
– Vietnam
Forbes’ World’s Best Banks 2023
•
 Best Bank – Philippines
Asian Banking & Finance (ABF) Retail
 
Banking Awards 2023
•
 Wealth Management Platform of the Year
 
– Thailand
•
 Analytics Initiative of the Year – Thailand
The Digital Banker Global Retail Banking
 
Innovation Awards 2023
•
 Best Marketing Personalisation Across
 
Channels – Thailand
Qorus Reinvention Award – APAC 2023
•
 Gold in Distribution – Indonesia
Putra Brand Awards 2023
•
 Putra Brand of the Year – TNGD
Fintech Frontier Malaysia Awards
•
 Fintech of the Year 2023 – TNGD
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
Integrated Annual Report 2023
95
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 98 ----
GROUP COMMERCIAL AND TRANSACTION BANKING
Lawrence Loh, Ahmad Shazli Kamarulzaman
2023 marked an important milestone as the Group 
took a big step in solidifying our customer value 
proposition by integrating Group Commercial Banking 
and Group Transaction Banking as a unified business 
unit. Leveraging on the opportunities for mutual 
synergies to drive our customer-centric strategies, we 
delivered a robust performance growing PBT at 22.6% 
contributing significantly to CIMB Group’s PBT growth 
despite the challenging macro environment which 
included elevated interest rates, heightened 
geopolitical tensions and the disruption in supply 
chain worldwide.
WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO
As a leading regional business, Commercial Banking is dedicated to serving the business community in ASEAN, ranging from small and 
medium enterprises (SMEs) to mid-corporates. With an integrated marketing approach, our full suite of financial services and 
comprehensive financial solutions are tailored to meet the specific needs of these segments. Our conventional and Islamic suite of 
solutions include credit/financing facilities, cash management solutions, treasury and structured products. Our products and services 
can be accessed by our customers through multiple channels such as online banking, dedicated relationship managers, SME and 
Business centres, and CIMB’s extensive branch network across the region.
In addition to serving the SME and Business Banking segments, the Group also provides specialised product solutions for the overall 
non-retail segment of the Banking Group through its Transaction Banking arm. This includes Trade Finance, Cash Management, Online 
Banking, Securities Services, as well as Financial Institutions solutions, covering SME, Mid-Corps, Corporate Banking, Financial as well as 
Non-Bank Financial Institutions. We provide comprehensive end-to-end cash management solutions to optimise cash flows, accessible 
through our digital channels for convenience. Our trade finance solutions span a broad range, from import and export services to 
buyer and seller financing, catering to the diverse needs of domestic and international trade. Additionally, we provide full securities 
services solutions, including fund accounting, agency, custody, and corporate trustee services, to meet our clients’ comprehensive 
business needs.
FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
COMMERCIAL BANKING
Group Commercial Banking recorded strong financial performance 
with a higher PBT of RM1.79 billion, a 22.6% YoY increase 
compared to RM1.46 billion in 2022. This is largely attributed to 
higher income and lower provisions. Income was at RM3.96 billion, 
5.1% higher compared to RM3.76 billion in the previous year, 
mainly supported by a strong fee based income growth from our 
continued focus on fee based products. Deposit growth remained 
strong with 8.6% YoY at RM91.3 billion compared to RM84.1 
billion in 2022. This was driven by a stronger current account 
deposits growth in Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore. Loans 
growth also improved to 8.8% YoY as we continued our efforts to 
grow the SME segment across the region.
TRANSACTION BANKING
Transaction Banking achieved a 15% revenue growth across the 
region, with all core countries showing an increase in business 
activity. Singapore and Thailand led this growth, expanding their 
business by over 50% in 2023. Net Interest Income (NII) saw a 
significant 17% rise, primarily driven by Cash Management. This 
increase was fuelled by the rising rate environment and a 
growth in average total deposit balances. Non-Interest Income 
(NOII) experienced a 7% uplift, aligned with our strategy to 
enhance transaction fees. Additionally, it is worth noting that 
Singapore’s contribution to the total revenue grew by 5%, 
reflecting the commendable growth achieved in that region.
96
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Business Review

---- Page 99 ----
Deposits (RM’bil) 8.6% YoY
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
• Global recession
•
 Geo-politics and
 
instability
DRIVERS OF PERFORMANCE 
AND GROWTH
• Devise a cautious  
loans growth strategy
•
 Emphasise on asset
 
quality discipline with 
predictive/
forward-looking 
indicators
•
 Plans for greater loan
 
loss coverage
STRATEGIES/
APPROACHES DEPLOYED
•  Moderate loans growth at  
8.8%
•
 Improvement in credit cost
•
 Recorded a higher
 
allowance coverage for the 
year
VALUE CREATION RESULTS  
AND OUTCOMES
RISK
• Shift in customer  
expectations and needs
•
 High interest rate
 
environment
•  Garner deposits
•
 Capitalise on
 
international 
transaction flows
•
 Expand on digital
 
banking proposition
•  8.6% increase in customer  
deposits
•
 24.5% increase in
 
fee-based income driven 
primarily by FX revenue
CHALLENGE
• Paradigm shift to Digital  
for sustained growth
•
 ESG proliferation and
 
advancement
•  Strengthen the Digital  
strategy – digital loans 
and online banking 
penetration
•
 Demonstrate ESG
 
stewardship by 
fostering greater 
awareness and 
acceptance
•  3% increase in Bizchannel  
penetration
•
 Total GSSIPS related
 
financing amounting to 
RM7,159 million out of 
which RM6,154 million for 
Micro and Small Enterprise 
Financing (Financial 
Inclusion) and RM1,005 
million for Green, Social 
and Sustainable Financing
OPPORTUNITY
WHAT INFLUENCED OUR ABILITY TO CREATE VALUE
Loans (RM’bil) 8.8% YoY
Op Income (RM’mil) 5.1% YoY
PBT (RM’mil) 22.6% YoY
COMMERCIAL BANKING
COMMERCIAL BANKING
TRANSACTION BANKING
TRANSACTION BANKING
Total Revenue
Maintaining 
competitiveness in the 
face of rising interest rates 
and increasing operational 
costs, impacting net 
interest margins and fee 
income
DRIVERS OF PERFORMANCE 
AND GROWTH
Strengthen client value 
proposition by expanding 
Main Operating Accounts, 
underpinned by targeted 
product programme and 
pricing strategies
STRATEGIES/
APPROACHES DEPLOYED
•
  Main Operating  
Accounts’ penetration 
increased 6% YoY
VALUE CREATION 
RESULTS AND OUTCOMES
RISK
Ensuring transactional 
platform stability to 
maintain client satisfaction 
as dependency on 
technology for transaction 
increases
Continuous investments 
and enhancements in 
digital platforms to 
bolster technological 
capabilities and ensure 
system stability
•
  Number of BizChannel  
users grew 11% YoY
•
 100% BizChannel uptime
CHALLENGE
Leveraging the 
e-commerce boom to 
enhance digital 
cross-border transaction 
services amid expanding 
global markets
Identify target clients and 
deepened penetration 
with tactical programmes, 
digital platform education, 
and competitive rates
•
  Increase in cross-border  
payments revenue of 
33%
OPPORTUNITY
Asian Banking & Finance Retail Banking Awards 2023
•
 SME Digital Innovation of the Year, Malaysia
Global Retail Banking Innovation Awards 2023
•
 Outstanding Digital Innovation in SME Banking, ASEAN
Credit Guarantee Corporation (CGC) Malaysia
•
 Top FI Partner Award (Islamic Financial Institution Category)
Asian Banking & Finance Wholesale Banking Awards 2023
•
 Singapore International SME Partnership Initiative Bank of the Year
Alpha SEA Islamic Finance Awards 2023
•
 Best Islamic Finance SME Bank, Indonesia
Syarikat Jaminan Pembiayaan Perniagaan Bhd (SJPP)
 
•
 The Best Performance
Asian Banking & Finance Wholesale Banking Awards 2023
•
 Singapore International Cash Management Bank of the Year
The Asset Triple A Treasurise Awards 2023
•
 Best Service Provider – Cash Management – Indonesia
SWA & Swanetwork
•
 Indonesia Best Business Transformation 2023
Integrated Annual Report 2023
97
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 100 ----
PROGRESS ON FORWARD23+ THEMES/FOCUS AREAS
FORWARD23+ 
STRATEGIC THEMES INITIATIVES RESULTS
Delivering 
Sustainable  
Financial Returns
•
 Increased granularity in loans growth by
 
doubling down on SME segment
•  Enhanced revenue mix through deposits  
and fee-based income
•
 8.8% SME year-on-year loans growth in
 
the region
•  24.5% increase in funding income and fee  
based income
Customer 
Centricity
•
 Accelerated digitalisation of SME
 
proposition for improved customer 
experience
•
 Personalised customer journeys for more
 
fulfilling and rewarding engagements
•
 Overall NPS Market position improved to
 
Rank 9 in 2023 from Rank 14 in 2022
•
 Simplified the audit confirmation request
 
for customers to reduce turnaround time
•
 Improved customer stickiness
Purpose-driven
 
Organisation
•
 Embedded sustainability principles and
 
framework as a guiding principle for 
growth
•
 Instilled a greater sense of purpose in
 
our people through well-concerted 
community welfare efforts
•
 Total GSSIPS related financing amounting
 
to RM7,159 million out of which RM6,154 
million for Micro and Small Enterprise 
Financing (Financial Inclusion) and RM1,005 
million for Green, Social and Sustainable 
Financing
•
 Total welfare hours of 8,873 hours
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
During the year, we launched the Sustainability-Linked Financing (SLF) Programme with a total allocation 
of RM3.0 billion through 2030. The SLF aims to incentivise SMEs to achieve credible greenhouse gas 
emission reduction targets through attractive financing rebates of up to 0.50% per annum. The 
programme also offers simple tools for measurement and verification. With such a complete value 
proposition, CIMB emerged as the first bank in the market to offer such impact-driven SLF opportunities 
for the SMEs.
With the foresight of Energy Efficiency and Conservation Bill 2023 being in force, we organised a session 
on Energy Efficiency (“EE”) for our customers during The Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit 2023. This 
session aims to bring forth EE as an equivalent and complementary solution to Renewable Energy for 
companies to reduce their cost and carbon emission.
During the year, CIMB continued in its efforts to support BNM Low Carbon Transition Facility (“LCTF”) 
and High-Tech and Green Facility (“HTG”). Through our internal campaign, more than RM150 million in 
financing was approved for our SME customers in 2023. This reinforces our commitment to mobilise 
sustainable finance through active participation of both our staff and customers.
2024 OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
2024 is the final year of the Forward23+ programme and we will accelerate our efforts to optimally 
deliver on our key strategic themes - delivering sustainable financial returns, customer centricity and 
being a purpose-driven organisation for our people and our customers. 2024 will also see us 
consolidating our position to achieve new growth by:
•
 Pushing the envelope on our SME proposition, which will continue to build on insight-driven
 
strategies, digital-led innovative solutions, and digital-enabled architecture that will drive operational 
excellence
•
 Driving deposits growth through seamless services, virtual onboarding, and promoting next
 
generation online banking
•
 Championing sustainability for growth, with our immersive ESG framework that’s both internally
 
and externally oriented
COMMERCIAL BANKING
SHAREHOLDERS
Grow and deliver 
sustainable returns, 
underpinned by a 
set of robust 
sustainability 
principles and 
framework
CUSTOMERS
Convenient access to 
affordable financing 
solutions to fuel 
business growth & 
transfer ESG 
knowledge and skills 
to remain 
competitive and in 
compliance with 
emerging ESG 
regulations
COMMUNITIES
Empower the 
marginalised 
segments to stay 
resilient and provide 
support and 
business know-how
EMPLOYEES
Create career 
progression 
opportunities and 
improve workplace 
wellbeing by 
championing CIMB’s 
EPICC corporate 
values and hybrid 
working options
REGULATORS
Continue to support 
and be the key 
patron for Regulatory 
and Government 
initiatives, particularly 
within the SME 
segment
WHAT OUR STAKEHOLDERS EXPECTED
Revenue Growth of
5.1%
Total GSSIPS related 
financing amounting 
to RM7,159 million 
out of which 
RM6,154 million for 
Micro and Small 
Enterprise Financing 
(Financial Inclusion) 
and RM1,005 million 
for Green, Social and 
Sustainable Financing
RM17,979 million
Total loans disbursed 
(limit) regionally
More than 100 SMEs 
benefited through 
CIMB 
GreenBizReady™ 
ESG capabilities and 
knowledge sharing
Facilitated 
engagements with 
more than 100 SMEs 
through CIMB 
MicroBizReady
8,873 hours of 
employee voluntary 
contribution 
regionally
100% hybrid working 
arrangement
146,435 training 
hours
RM2 billion loans 
disbursed through 
government schemes 
in Malaysia
HOW WE CREATED VALUE IN 2023
Our Strategic Focus Areas
•
 Delivering Sustainable Financial Returns
•
 Customer Centricity
•
 Purpose-driven Organisation
Material Matters
•  Sustainable and Responsible Finance
•  Talent Attraction, Growth and Retention
•
 Customer Experience
Capitals Affected
•
 Intellectual Capital
•
 Robust Relationships
98
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Business Review

---- Page 101 ----
PROGRESS ON FORWARD23+ THEMES/FOCUS AREAS
FORWARD23+ 
STRATEGIC 
THEMESINITIATIVES RESULTS
Delivering 
Sustainable 
Financial 
Returns
• Boosted NOII to diversify our revenue stream,
transitioning from reliance primarily on NII to
NOII
• Achieved a 7% YoY increase
in NOII
Customer
 
Centricity
• Invested in IT infrastructure to upgrade and
enhance existing platforms and transaction
features
• Developing a new client frontend portal to
transform digital interactions and transactions
• Active customers on the
BizChannel platform
increased by 19% YoY
2024 OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
Looking ahead, we aim to reinforce our position as a key player in the regional financial 
landscape. The upcoming year presents promising opportunities and strategies to enhance 
our presence. With the increasing significance of digital banking, we plan to introduce the 
new client front-end portal, CIMB Biz, rolling it out in stages across different countries 
following a new agile development model and begin migrating clients to this new digital 
platform starting in 2024. Our commitment to technological enhancement will continue, 
focusing on advancements in our product offerings to boost resiliency, stability, and safety. 
These efforts aim to deliver seamless and efficient services, thus elevating our customer 
experience as customer-centricity will remain a central focus in 2024.
In addition, we will concentrate on expanding and strengthening our deposit balances, 
including strategies to grow our Main Operating Accounts base. Introducing new products, 
solutions, and customised services will fortify our customer relationships and drive NOII 
growth, further diversifying our income structure. As we confront the opportunities and 
challenges ahead, the division is committed to driving innovation, enhancing customer 
satisfaction, and contributing to CIMB’s sustainable growth.
TRANSACTION BANKING
SHAREHOLDERS
Ability to swiftly 
identify and adapt to 
fast-changing trends, 
fostering sustainable 
growth and 
prosperity in our 
operational regions
CUSTOMERS
Emphasis on 
enhancing customer 
experiences and 
satisfaction, 
facilitating easy 
digital access to 
financial services
COMMUNITIES
Continue to evolve 
and roll out 
innovative solutions 
that meet the 
changing needs of 
business 
communities, 
ensuring their 
benefit
EMPLOYEES
Focus on prioritising 
employee wellbeing 
and growth through 
a positive work 
environment and a 
culture of learning
REGULATORS
Ensuring strict 
adherence to current 
regulations and 
governance through 
product procedures 
and policies
WHAT OUR STAKEHOLDERS EXPECTED
+15%
Growth in revenue
YoY
+19%
Increase in active
BizChannel clients
YoY
+11%
Increase in mobile
banking clients YoY
Enhanced employee 
satisfaction by 
enabling hybrid work 
options, offering 
greater flexibility
RM15.7 million 
invested in 20 
regulatory-related 
projects, reinforcing 
our commitment to 
compliance
HOW WE CREATED VALUE IN 2023
Our Strategic Focus Areas
•Delivering Sustainable Financial Returns
• Customer Centricity
• Disciplined Execution
Material Matters
•Economic Performance
• Digitalisation and Innovation
• Customer Experience
• Talent Attraction, Growth and Retention
• Governance and Ethics
Capitals Affected
•Financial Strength
• Intellectual Capital
• Robust Relationships
• Valued People
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
Transaction Banking champions sustainability with a strategic focus on impactful social contributions and product innovation, highlighted by our 
flagship Sustainable TIA-I initiative. This Shariah-compliant Investment Account directs investments towards supporting CIMB Group’s prioritised 
Sustainable Development Goals, specifically SDG 8, aimed at Decent Work and Economic Growth. Targeting micro, small, and medium-sized 
enterprises, the initiative has garnered RM309 million in assets as of 2023, reflecting our commitment to integrating financial services with social 
progress.
Strong governance is integral to our sustainability framework, ensuring our operations adhere to the highest standards of transparency and 
accountability. Additionally, our environmental initiatives, including river clean-ups and recycling drives, are designed to cultivate a culture of 
environmental stewardship within our employees and among our stakeholders. These efforts collectively showcase Transaction Banking’s dedication 
to sustainable development and responsible banking practices.
For more details on our sustainability contributions, please refer to CIMB’s Sustainability Report 2023. 
Integrated Annual Report 2023
99
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 102 ----
Chu Kok Wei, Novan Amirudin
Group Wholesale Banking (GWB) delivered positive 
growth in 2023, with all business streams up YoY. 
Overall income grew by 5.0% YoY to RM5.8 billion, 
with significant improvement in non-interest 
income (NOII). Double digit income growth was 
recorded across Financial Institutions, Investment 
Banking and Treasury Sales. Our market share in 
Investment Banking improved despite a decline in 
market wallet – we ranked top five across key 
regional markets and maintained our #1 position 
in Malaysia for the second year in a row.
Strategically, we completed the divestment of our 
residual stake in CGS-CIMB, a regional stockbroking 
business partnership with CGS International Holdings 
Limited (CGI) through the sale of shareholding to 
CGI, bringing total proceeds for the 100% sale since 
2018 to approximately RM2.5 billion. We have since 8 
March 2024 reinvested into the equities business by 
acquiring KAF Equties Sdn Bhd and have re-branded 
this as CIMB Securities Sdn Bhd. In terms of 
sustainability agenda, we are the first Malaysian 
bank to have announced sector targets and won 
awards by reputable bodies such as the ‘Best for 
ESG Investing in Malaysia’ by Asiamoney and the 
‘Best Sovereign Green Sukuk of the Year in Republic 
of Indonesia’ by Alpha Southeast Asia. Internally, we 
refreshed our operating model to fully embrace a 
customer-centric approach to championing business.
GROUP WHOLESALE BANKING
WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO
We are a leading wholesale banking franchise in Southeast Asia and 
provide comprehensive conventional and Islamic banking services to cater 
to our clients’ needs. Our solutions include loans and specialised finance, 
liquidity and payments solutions, treasury and markets products and 
investment banking advisory to a range of wholesale client segments such 
as corporates, public sector, financial institutions and high net worth 
individuals.
Our regional model is supported by focused presence across Southeast 
Asian countries and international locations such as Hong Kong, Shanghai, 
and London. Our vast geographical footprint offers a competitive 
advantage by building on our insights on regional markets and bespoke 
solutions. Our ultimate goal is to deliver best-in-class and seamless 
customer experience across all markets.
FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
GWB contributed RM5.8 billion of income to the Group in 2023, a 5.0% 
increase YoY, while Pre-Provision Operating Profit (PPOP) improved by 
5.5% against 2022. PPOP grew significantly in both Private Banking and 
Financial Institutions by 42% and 24% YoY respectively. Overall, GWB 
contributed 33% to the Group’s Profit Before Tax (PBT) with positive 
improvement in Risk-Adjusted Return on Capital.
Balance sheet was strong in 2023 with loan growth of 10% YoY, while 
deposit balances remained steady despite stiff competition for deposits. 
Our coverage teams successfully deepened wallet share, where corporate 
client segment cross-sell ratio improved to 39% in 2023 compared to 36% 
in 2022.
Investment banking income improved significantly by 20% YoY. We are the 
top Malaysian bank by wallet share across our key markets in Southeast 
Asia, in aggregation gaining 4.4% market share across debt capital 
markets, equity markets and mergers & acquisitions YoY. Private Banking 
have shown solid growth in multiple areas, with recorded YoY increase of 
19% in Net New Money (fresh funds to be managed), supported by a 
strong growth in new-to-bank clients regionally as a result of 
regionalisation efforts of key business functions and operations.
As a regional institution with established presence across Southeast Asia, 
we focus on supporting the trade and investment flows within the 
Southeast Asian network. Regional income continues to perform positively, 
especially in Singapore with a recorded impressive growth of 23% YoY, 
while income from cross-border referral grew by 9% YoY. Overall, income 
contribution from outside of Malaysia continue to make up more than half 
of GWB income in 2023.
Credit and asset quality
High portion of income 
generated from loan
Sustainable finance and 
other products
DRIVERS OF PERFORMANCE 
AND GROWTH
Robust asset quality 
monitoring and 
management
Diversification away 
from loans, focusing on 
cash and NOII cross-sell
Adherence to 
sustainability agenda 
and principles in 
providing solutions for 
clients
STRATEGIES/
APPROACHES DEPLOYED
Improvement in asset 
quality metrics, including 
lower credit cost and 
gross impaired loans, as 
well as increased loan 
loss coverage
Positive improvement in 
2023 RAROC as a result 
of improved cross-sell
Deployed RM14 billion of 
sustainable financial 
products across financing 
and bonds (including 
sukuk) amongst others
VALUE CREATION RESULTS 
AND OUTCOMES
RISK
CHALLENGE
OPPORTUNITY
WHAT INFLUENCED OUR ABILITY TO CREATE VALUE
Asian Banking and Finance Wholesale Banking Awards 2023
• Domestic Project Finance Bank of the year Indonesia
• Mergers & Acquisition Deal of the Year Malaysia
• Equity Deal of the Year Malaysia
• Sustainability Initiative of the Year Malaysia
• Sustainability Initiative of the Year Indonesia
The Asset Triple A Islamic Finance Awards
• Best Investment bank – Asia Pacific
• Sukuk Adviser of the Year – Asia Pacific
• Best Structured Products – Malaysia (Rates CiFR)
• Best Investment Solutions – Malaysia
The Asset Triple A Private Capital Awards
• Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Rates, Credit, FX, Commodities 
– Malaysia
• Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Multi Asset, Equity, Rates, FX 
– Indonesia and Thailand
Alpha Southeast Asia Best Financial Institution (FI) Awards
• Best Bond House for Sustainable Finance
• Best Bond House – Malaysia
• Best Equity House – Malaysia
Asiamoney Private Banking Awards
• Best Domestic Private Bank – Malaysia
• Best Digital Private Bank – Malaysia
• Best for ESG Investing – Malaysia
• Best for High Net Worth – Malaysia
Asian Banking and Finance – Corporate & Investment Banking Awards
• Syndicated Loan of the Year – Singapore
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
100
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Business Review

---- Page 103 ----
PROGRESS ON FORWARD23+ THEMES/FOCUS AREAS
FORWARD23+ 
STRATEGIC 
THEMES INITIATIVES RESULTS
Customer 
Centricity
Deepening client wallet 
through more systematic 
coverage i.e., creating 
seamless client experience 
across the region, invest in 
content and idea generation
Multiple awards received for solutions 
curated for clients and for specific 
products:
•Best Bank for Investment Solutions
• Best Structured Products and
Investment Solutions
• Syndicated Loan of the Year
• Sustainability Initiative of the Year
Disciplined
 
Execution
Strategic reorganisation to a 
regional operating model 
that focuses on productivity 
within organisation structure 
to identify and address 
pockets of inefficiency
Refreshed organisation structure with 
clearer roles and responsibilities to 
maximise productivity and improve 
product solutioning capabilities tailored 
for our clients
Deliver 
Sustainable 
Financial Returns
Diversification of income 
sources to reduce reliance 
on loan income
Growth in Current and Savings Account, 
Investment Banking and Treasury Sales 
income
2024 OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
The global economy is expected to remain moderate in 2024, supported by lower 
inflation forecast and gradual interest rate cuts, with uncertainties in the market due 
to continued geo-political tensions and political instability with general elections 
affecting almost half of the global population.
In line with the Group’s Forward23+ targets and strategies, we strive to serve clients 
better and further improve the way business is conducted. Key focus will be on:
1. Enhancing coverage: Further refinement of our client coverage model by driving a
“one bank” view for seamless best-in-class solutions customised to client needs,
providing sector-based expertise, and adding value beyond traditional banking
offerings. With the new stockbroking arm, CIMB Securities Sdn Bhd, GWB is now
better accommodated to clients’ needs
2. Increasing productivity: Operationalisation of our new operating model, which
includes more clearly defined roles and accountability, streamlined internal
processes for optimised risk management and higher productivity and improved
specialisation to deliver superior results. We continue to invest in digitalisation
efforts, spanning across sales enablement tools and distribution platforms to
improve overall process efficacy
3. Improving returns: Diversification of income sources, leveraging on more cross-sell
opportunities to maximise returns
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
We continued the momentum of positive ESG efforts from 2022 in 2023, completing multiple initiatives across business streams. We are the first bank 
globally to announce a science-based net zero target for palm oil. Key client deals in the year span across multiple sectors, for example:
• Renewable energy sector: Tenaga Nasional Berhad Power Generation Sukuk Wakalah issuance of RM2 billion and the largest mini hyd
ro project
financing deal in Malaysia of RM975 million
• Telecommunication sector: Sustainability Lead Arranger and Sustainability Structuring Agent for a sustainability-linked financi
ng of RM1.4 billion
Altogether, around RM7.0 billion of sustainable financing was approved in 2023.
Regionally, we contributed >6,000 hours serving the community through multiple CSR initiatives including blood donation campaigns and other 
contributions such as food supplies to the underprivileged. We initiated a cross-year initiative to support around 150 underprivileged students with 
the necessary IT equipment, positively contributing to their academic excellence.
Guided by the Group’s direction, GWB continued to be transparent with stakeholders in reporting progress against sustainability goals and 
commitments. Sustainability related targets have been incorporated across different levels and areas within GWB to ensure compliance with our 
Sustainability goals. This included setting sustainable finance targets and investing in staff training hours.
For more details on our sustainability contributions, please refer to CIMB’s Sustainability Report 2023 
SHAREHOLDERS
Provide better returns 
to shareholders 
through higher 
Risk-Adjusted Return on 
Capital (RAROC), while 
growing competitively 
beyond financing
CUSTOMERS
Continue to strengthen 
and diversify our 
capabilities to provide 
best-in-class products 
and services
COMMUNITIES
Contribute to the 
underserved 
communities beyond 
financial solutions
EMPLOYEES
Create a conducive 
environment for 
employees to thrive, 
while providing them 
with the right tools to 
succeed
REGULATORS
Ensure controls are 
implemented effectively 
and consistently to be 
in line with regulators’ 
direction
WHAT OUR STAKEHOLDERS EXPECTED
Continued 
improvement in RAROC 
through both higher 
income contribution 
from non-loan 
products and our 
ongoing efforts to 
optimise the utilisation 
of Risk Weighted 
Assets
#1
in Investment Banking 
in Malaysia by wallet 
share and the only 
Malaysian bank in the 
top five Investment 
Banks across key 
regional markets
Strong income growth 
across Private Banking 
and Financial 
Institutions client 
segments
~6000 hours 
volunteered by 
#teamCIMB in the 
region towards 
promoting recycling 
efforts and helping the 
underprivileged
>100,000
hours of training and
upskilling completed
including: ~1,400 hours
dedicated by senior
management to
complete CIMB –
Cambridge Institute for
Sustainability Leadership
Programme
IT hardware upgrade – 
laptops and dual 
monitors provided for 
employees to boost 
productivity
Achieved 99.5%
scoring from Control 
Effectiveness Testing 
Validation by Group 
Compliance
HOW WE CREATED VALUE IN 2023
Our Strategic Focus Areas
• Customer Centricity
• Transform Fundamentals
• Deliver Sustainable Financial Returns
Material Matters
• Sustainable and Responsible Finance
• Risk Management and Business Resilience
• Digitalisation and Innovation
• Corporate Citizenship
Capitals Affected
• Financial Strength
• Robust Relationships
• Intellectual Capital
• Strategic Capital
Integrated Annual Report 2023
101
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 104 ----
GROUP ISLAMIC BANKING
Ahmad Shahriman Mohd 
Shariff
2023 was a year of further 
growth for CIMB Islamic through 
the continued focus on the 
‘Islamic First’ strategy deployed 
by the Bank, complemented by 
government support towards the 
Islamic Banking industry. Various 
policies were announced and 
implemented, such as the Halal 
Industry Master Plan 2030 and 
the Madani Economy framework 
envisioning Malaysia as the 
global Islamic economy leader. 
CIMB Islamic continued to drive 
profitability growth in high-impact 
segments. Cost discipline 
remained an integral focal point 
as the Bank emphasised cost 
optimisation with various 
initiatives across segments and 
divisions. We remained firm in 
our commitment to support the 
growth of local SMEs and 
develop financing solutions for 
the green and social economy 
sectors.
WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO
We are the Islamic banking and financial services franchise of the Group with 
an extensive suite of innovative Shariah-compliant products and services. Our 
solutions include financing, sukuk, investment banking, transaction banking, 
banca-takaful, and securities services for individual, commercial, corporate and 
institutional customers across ASEAN.
In conducting Islamic business, we monitor and ensure good Shariah 
governance and compliance across the Group. With the execution of our 
‘Islamic First’ strategy, we aim to extend the value proposition of Islamic 
products to our customers and the wider public. We aspire to provide 
world-class Islamic banking and finance solutions, which will progressively 
integrate environmental, social and governance factors via a value-based 
approach, a hallmark in Islamic finance.
FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Group Islamic Banking had several product launches and notable deals in 
sustainable finance and value partnerships to deliver bespoke knowledge and 
capacity modules to the critical mass of small-medium enterprises (SMEs) and 
B40 entrepreneurs. Overall, regional Islamic financing, including asset under 
Restricted Agency Investment Account (RAIA), registered financing growth of 
13.8% YoY, closing the year at RM156 billion gross financing. Regional deposits 
also grew at 11.5% YoY to close the year at RM150 billion. The growth 
momentum for financing and deposits continued to be supported by the 
Islamic First strategy in Malaysia and Indonesia. Despite the challenging 
environment, regional operating income grew 4.4% YoY while maintaining its 
cost to income ratio through strict cost discipline. Regionally, Indonesia PBT 
performed well, back by the strong Consumer business while the robust 
Singapore PBT was contributed by its successful pivot to commercial financing.
The rebound in financing 
growth post pandemic 
combined with shortening 
of term deposit placements 
due to anticipation of 
higher interest rates 
triggered a deterioration in 
banks’ Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR). The shift was 
most prominent among 
banks with a larger reliance 
on interest-sensitive 
wholesale deposits, such as 
Islamic banks.
Nurturing the growth of 
SMEs is pivotal in ensuring 
the viability of micro-
entrepreneurs in the fast 
and challenging business 
landscape
Affluent Bumiputera 
individuals were identified 
as having significant 
concerns regarding Islamic 
Legacy Planning, with over 
45% lacking understanding 
of the Faraid concept and 
holding various 
misconceptions.
DRIVERS OF PERFORMANCE 
AND GROWTH
Adhered to BNM’s measures 
by maintaining healthy 
reserve ratios and 
diversifying sources of 
funding.
Conducted liquidity risk 
stress testing and monthly 
simulation of the liquidity risk 
position based on forecasted 
financing and deposit growth.
Expanded Value-based 
Intermediation (VBI) in line 
with BNM’s Financial Sector 
Blueprint focusing on 
entrepreneurship training 
and supporting vulnerable 
communities.
Hosted nine regional events 
for Muslim Preferred 
customers to address common 
misconceptions and raise 
awareness about the Faraid 
concept and Shariah laws 
related to estate planning.
Formed a strategic 
partnership with As-Salihin to 
launch Wasiat, Harta 
Sepencarian & Hibah in 2024, 
with Wasiat being the first 
product launched on 2nd 
January 2024.
STRATEGIES/APPROACHES 
DEPLOYED
Maintained healthy Common Equity Tier 
1 capital (CET1) ratio of 13.0% and 
robust LCR of 149% to ensure that the 
bank delivers sustainable returns. CASA 
recorded a double-digit growth of 24.7% 
YoY (from RM34.7 billion to RM43.3 
billion) while IA recorded 38.7% growth 
YoY (from RM13.7 billion to RM19.0 
billion).
–
 iTekad Asnaf Negeri provided a
 
comprehensive six-week training 
programme for the asnaf community, 
focusing on entrepreneurship, financial 
management, and technical skills to 
cultivate new social entrepreneurs.
–
 Program Keusahawanan
 6.0 offered 
targeted business grants and 
specialised training to home-bakers 
from underserved communities, 
enhancing their entrepreneurship and 
business management skills and 
providing opportunities to upscale 
their micro-businesses.
–
 Encourage graduates to venture into
 
agropreneur via the Melon Manis 
project in Terengganu by creating 
greenhouses for melon trees and in 
turn, support the Government’s 
national food security agenda.
Muslim Preferred customers from 9 
regions attended the Islamic Legacy 
Planning events, successfully addressing 
their misconceptions and informational 
gaps regarding the Faraid concept and 
Shariah-compliant estate planning. 
Islamic Legacy Planning is positioned as 
a focused proposition to drive 
BancaTakaful with Hibah through Sun 
Legacy Shield that was launched by Sun 
Life Malaysia on 17th July 2023.
Express & Comprehensive Wasiat was 
launched in partnership with As-Salihin 
Trustee on 1st January 2024 to address 
the complexities on Islamic Estate Planning.
VALUE CREATION RESULTS  
AND OUTCOMES
RISK
CHALLENGE
OPPORTUNITY
WHAT INFLUENCED OUR ABILITY TO CREATE VALUE
The Banker’s Islamic Bank of the Year 2023
•
 Islamic Retail Bank of the Year
Alpha SEA Islamic Finance Awards 2023
•
 Malaysia – CIMB Islamic: Best Islamic Finance Sukuk House
•
 Indonesia – CIMB Niaga Syariah – Best Islamic Finance SME
IFN Best Banks Poll 2023
•
 Best Islamic Bank
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
102
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Business Review

---- Page 105 ----
SHAREHOLDERS
Achieve stability, 
respond to 
customers’ needs 
and deliver resilient 
growth and 
sustainable returns
CUSTOMERS
Provide adequate 
financial facilities and 
knowledge to 
support customers’ 
evolving 
requirements
COMMUNITIES
Support the 
disadvantaged micro 
businesses by 
equipping them with 
relevant skills and 
providing access to 
financing
EMPLOYEES
Building our 
employee’s 
capabilities and 
skillsets, especially in 
the digital and 
tecnical aspects that 
will complement the 
Islamic financing 
expertise to deliver 
effective solutions
REGULATORS
Remain responsive 
to the changing 
market regulations 
and policies to 
strengthen the 
bank’s liquidity 
position and the 
needs of society
WHAT OUR STAKEHOLDERS EXPECTED
Group Islamic 
Banking's total asset 
hit the RM200 billion 
mark in 2023 and 
represents 30% of 
CIMB Group’s total 
assets 
Muslim Preferred 
customers in nine 
states were 
educated on Legacy 
Planning to address 
common 
misconceptions and 
raise awareness 
about the Faraid 
concept and Shariah 
laws related to 
estate planning
Contributed RM1.6 
million
to the Harapan 
Ramadan 
programme, which 
provides assistance 
in the form of food 
packs and cash 
vouchers to around 
30,000 beneficiaries 
from vulnerable 
communities across 
14 states
43%
increment in training 
hours compared to 
last year, averaging 
at 53.6 hours per 
employee
36% of total staff 
obtained various 
Islamic Finance related 
certifications and 5 
high potential staff 
were sent for CIMB 
signature programmes
Expanded VBI 
initiatives such as 
iTekad 2.0 and 
Program Keusahawan 
New Edition in line 
with BNM’s Financial 
Sector Blueprint 
focusing on 
entrepreneurship 
training and 
supporting 
vulnerable 
communities.
HOW WE CREATED VALUE IN 2023
Our Strategic Focus Areas
•
 Purpose Driven Organisation
•
 Disciplined execution
•
 Sustainable Financial Returns
Material Matters
•  Customer Experience
•  Sustainable Finance
•
 Financial Literacy, Inclusion and Wellbeing
Capitals Affected
•
 Financial Strength
•
 Robust Relationships
•
 Valued People
PROGRESS ON FORWARD23+ THEMES/FOCUS AREAS
FORWARD23+ 
STRATEGIC 
THEMES INITIATIVES RESULTS
Delivering 
Sustainable 
Financial 
Returns
• Completed three new projects to further  
accelerate Investment Account (IA) 
Growth: Durian-I, Enablement of eTIA via 
CIMB Clicks, TIA Board rate enhancements
•
 Launched special campaigns such as TIA-I
 
and CASA bundle to improve CASA 
balance
•  Investment Account grew 38.7% YoY  
through focused efforts, generating 
substantial Risk-Weighted Assets (RWA) 
savings for the Group.
•
 CASA balance grew by 24.7% YoY
Purpose 
Driven 
Organisation
• Expanded VBI initiatives in line with BNM’s  
Financial Sector Blueprint focusing on 
entrepreneurship training and supporting 
vulnerable communities. Examples include 
iTekad 2.0 and Program Keusahawan New 
Edition.
•
 Launched new EcoSave-I projects, such as
 
the Babagon Water Catchment initiative in 
Kota Kinabalu.
•
 Partnered with Yayasan Sultan Mizan on
 
Terengganu Melon Manis project to 
encourage graduates to venture into 
agropreneurship.
•
 Championed the Harapan Ramadhan
 
initiative as part of zakat wakalah 
distribution
•  Successful focus on entrepreneurship  
training and community support, 
illustrated by initiatives like iTekad 2.0 
and Program Keusahawan New Edition.
•
 Three hectares of forest in the Babagon
 
water catchment area, which provides 
57% of Kota Kinabalu’s clean water 
supply, will be restored.
•
 Established two greenhouses to
 
cultivate 3,000 melon trees, aiming to 
develop 20 new agropreneurs annually 
and support the government’s national 
food security agenda.
•
 Provided assistance to 30,134
 
beneficiaries in vulnerable communities 
across 14 states.
2024 OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
In 2024, CIMB Islamic is strategically positioned to achieve significant growth, advancing into the final 
stage of the Forward23+ programme. Our focus is firmly set on reaching our targets, with a strategic 
emphasis on enhancing our financing and CASA growth, Preferred Banking, wealth management 
services, and reinforcing our digital infrastructure and operational robustness. Our commitment 
extends beyond financial metrics, as we continue to empower our customers and communities, 
prioritising those in vulnerable positions, through our innovative, responsible, and sustainable financial 
solutions.
Key Focus Areas:
•
 Diversifying Financing Income:
 Increasing our focus on high-margin growth segments to diversify 
our financing income.
•
 Innovative and Digitally-Powered Customer Support:
 Implementing a stronger and more 
innovative approach to assist our customers in future planning, utilising our enhanced wealth 
planning product propositions, and introducing new distribution initiatives.
•
 Comprehensive Islamic Product and Service Suite:
 Ensuring we are well-positioned to capitalise 
on the growth of Islamic finance in Malaysia and Indonesia by offering a comprehensive suite of 
products and services in the Islamic finance space.
•
 Sustainability Awareness and Participation:
 Championing, engaging, and building capability and 
capacity for sustainability, both internally and externally, in Malaysia, Indonesia, and Singapore.
•
 Sustainable Financing Capabilities:
 Continue to develop our sustainable financing capabilities 
and enhancing our strategy in this space with new product developments and innovations.
•
 Responsible Profit Generation:
 Focusing on generating profits in a responsible manner, thereby 
creating a net positive impact through our products and services.
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
Environmental CIMB Islamic contributed towards environmental conservation through EcoSave Savings Account-i that included the 
launch of new projects such as the Babagon Water Catchment initiative in Kota Kinabalu which happened in conjunction with the 
Experiential Learning of The Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit 2023.
Social CIMB Islamic extended numerous contributions towards entrepreneurship programmes such as iTekad Asnaf, Programme 
Keusahawanan, and Melon Manis Agropreneur Programme by providing seed funding and business skill training. Continuous support 
was also given to alleviate the financial burden of vulnerable and disadvantaged communities in both Malaysia and Indonesia.
Governance CIMB Islamic participated in the development of the Value-based Intermediation Financing and Investment Impact 
Assessment Framework (VBIAF) Sectoral Guide for Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing to assist financial institutions and their 
counterparties in decision-making and to establish a basic framework to help the industry build capacity.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
103
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 106 ----
4
2
6
7
9
1
3
5
8
104 OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS GOVERNANCELEADERSHIP

---- Page 107 ----
BOARD
OF DIRECTORS
1  DATUK MOHD NASIR AHMAD
 Chairperson/Independent Director
2  AFZAL ABDUL RAHIM
 Independent Director
3  HO YUET MEE
 Independent Director
4  SHULAMITE N K KHOO
 Independent Director
5  DATO’ ABDUL RAHMAN AHMAD
 Group Chief Executive Officer/  
Executive Director
6  DATO’ LEE KOK KWAN
 Non-Independent Director
7  DATIN AZLINA MAHMAD
 Independent Director
8  DATO’ MOHAMED ROSS MOHD DIN
 Independent Director
9  DIDI SYAFRUDDIN YAHYA
 Independent Director
Integrated Annual Report 2023
105
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 108 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad is a Fellow of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), United Kingdom, a 
Chartered Accountant with Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA), and holds a Master of Business Administration 
(Finance) from Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia.
He is currently Chairman of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad, CIMB Bank Berhad, CIMB Bank PLC Cambodia and 
Touch ‘n Go Sdn Bhd. He was appointed as Independent Director of CIMB on 20 July 2015 and CIMB Group 
Chairman on 20 October 2018.
He was the President of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) from August 2011 to July 2013. In 
September 2013, he was elected to the Council of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) in 
the United Kingdom and completed the maximum 9 years’ tenure in November 2022, after being re-elected in 
September 2016 and November 2019.
On 1 May 2021, he was appointed a member of the Financial Reporting Foundation and Chairman of the 
Malaysian Accounting Standards Board (MASB).
He brings with him vast experience in the areas of leadership, management, operations, finance and accounting, 
which spans over 40 years, having started his career as a Trainee Accountant with Tenaga Nasional Berhad (TNB) 
in 1979 and moving on to hold various positions in the Finance Division.
In January 1993, Datuk Mohd Nasir was seconded to TNB’s subsidiary company, Malaysia Transformer Manufacturing 
Sdn Bhd, as Financial Controller before being appointed its Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in June 1994.
In January 2000, he joined Sharikat Permodalan Kebangsaan Berhad as its CEO. On 1 June 2001, he was 
appointed CEO of Perbadanan Usahawan Nasional Berhad, a position he held until his retirement on 1 June 2011.
Datuk Mohd Nasir is also Chairman of CIMB Foundation, Trustee of Yayasan Canselor UNITEN and Perdana 
Leadership Foundation, and board member of FIDE Forum.
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 Member, Group Board Risk and Compliance
 
Committee and Group Sustainability and 
Governance Committee
QUALIFICATION
•
 Fellow, Association of Chartered Certified
 
Accountants (ACCA), United Kingdom
•
 Chartered Accountant, Malaysian Institute of
 
Accountants (MIA), Malaysia
•
 Masters in Business Administration (Finance),
 
Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, Malaysia
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Operations, Risk Management, Investment &
 
Corporate Finance, Business Management & 
Corporate Leadership, Accounting, Finance & Audit
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 
Nil
Public Companies
•
 Chairperson/Director of CIMB Bank Berhad
•
 Chairperson/Director of CIMB Bank PLC (Cambodia) BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE
BOD AC BRCC GNRC GSGC
Chairperson
16/16 –
Member
7/7 –
Member
5/5
Declaration
• He does not have any conflict of interest or any family relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of the 
Company
•
 He has not 
been convicted for any offences within the past five (5) years, nor has he been imposed of any public sanction 
or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies in 2023
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
70
Gender
Male
Date of Appointment
20 July 2015
Length of Service
9 years
DATUK MOHD  
NASIR AHMAD
Chairperson/Independent Director
106
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors’ Profiles

---- Page 109 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad assumed the role of Executive Director and Group Chief Executive Officer 
of CIMB as well as Chief Executive Officer of CIMB Bank Berhad on 10 June 2020.
With over two decades of leadership experience spanning across various sectors, Dato’ Abdul Rahman 
held Chief Executive Officer positions in reputable organisations such as Malaysian Resources 
Corporation Berhad, Media Prima Berhad, Ekuiti Nasional Berhad and Permodalan Nasional Berhad. 
Prior to joining CIMB, he was the Non-Executive Non-Independent Chairman at Sime Darby Berhad 
and Velesto Energy Berhad.
Currently, Dato’ Abdul Rahman is a council member of Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB), 
Malaysia International Islamic Financial Centre (MIFC) Leadership Council and serves as a panel 
member of Kumpulan Wang Amanah Negara, Malaysia’s natural resource fund managed by Bank 
Negara Malaysia. Additionally, he is a member of the Association of Banks in Malaysia (ABM) and 
serves on the committee of the Joint Committee on Climate Change (JC3).
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 
Nil
QUALIFICATION
•
 Chartered Accountant, Malaysian Institute of
 
Accountants, Malaysia
•
 Chartered Accountant, Institute of Chartered
 
Accountants England and Wales, United Kingdom
•
 Master of Arts (Economics), University of
 
Cambridge, United Kingdom
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Business Management & Corporate Leadership,
 
Investment & Corporate Finance, Operations, Risk 
Management, Accounting, Finance & Audit
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 Commissioner, PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk
•
 Director, CIMB Thai Bank Pcl
Public Companies
•
 Chief Executive Officer/Director, CIMB Bank Berhad BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE
BOD AC BRCC GNRC GSGC
Member
16/16 – – – –
Declaration
• He does not have any conflict of interest or any family relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of the 
Company
•
 He has not 
been convicted for any offences within the past five (5) years, nor has he been imposed of any public sanction 
or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies in 2023
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
55
Gender
Male
Date of Appointment
10 June 2020
Length of Service
4 years
DATO’ ABDUL  
RAHMAN AHMAD
Group Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
Integrated Annual Report 2023
107
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 110 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Dato’ Mohamed Ross started his career with HSBC Bank Malaysia Berhad (HSBC) in early 1972 where 
he held various roles in Corporate and Retail Banking as well as Branch Management. His 
contributions extend to serving as the Head of Treasury Malaysia and Head of Group Audit Malaysia 
between 1987 and 1996, gaining experience in Foreign Exchange and Treasury operations during 
international assignments in Hong Kong, London and New York. In his capacity as the Managing 
Director in 2003, he oversaw HSBC Amanah’s Islamic onshore business in Malaysia until his retirement 
in December 2007.
Post-retirement, Dato’ Mohamed Ross assumed the role of Executive Director and Senior Advisor of 
HSBC Amanah Takaful Malaysia Sdn Bhd until December 2008. Simultaneously, he served as an 
Independent Director of HSBC Amanah Malaysia Berhad until April 2016, chairing the Risk Committee 
and contributing as a member of the Audit and Nominations Committee.
Currently, Dato’ Mohamed Ross sits on an Advisory Board for a Private Equity Fund as an Independent 
Member. Additionally, he serves a Trustee on the Board of Lembaga Zakat Selangor and as an 
Independent Director on the Board of an Asset Management company. In early 2021, he was 
appointed as a member of the Investment Panel of Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 
(KWAP).
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 Chairperson, Audit Committee
•
 Member, Group Board Risk and Compliance
 
Committee and Group Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee
QUALIFICATION
•
 Banking Diploma (Part 1), Institute of Bankers,
 
United Kingdom
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Operations, Risk Management, Investment &
 
Corporate Finance, Business Management & 
Corporate Leadership, Accounting, Finance & Audit
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 
Nil
Public Companies
•
 Chairperson/Director, CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE
BOD AC BRCC GNRC GSGC
Member
16/16
Chairperson
16/16
Member
7/7
Member
10/11 –
Declaration
• He does not have any conflict of interest or any family relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of the 
Company
•
 He has not 
been convicted for any offences within the past five (5) years, nor has he been imposed of any public sanction 
or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies in 2023
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
72
Gender
Male
Date of Appointment
19 April 2016
Length of Service
8 years
DATO’ MOHAMED ROSS  
MOHD DIN
Independent Director
108
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors’ Profiles

---- Page 111 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan served as the Deputy Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of CIMB prior to assuming his 
Board appointments. In this role, he oversaw a broad spectrum of functions including Treasury and 
Markets, encompassing Sales and Trading activities in interest rates, credit, foreign exchange, bonds, 
equity, commodities and derivatives for the Group. He played a pivotal role in developing these areas 
since joining CIMB in 1996, significantly expanding the businesses to become one of the largest global 
markets operations in ASEAN, along with corporate and transaction banking.
Before joining CIMB in 1996, Dato’ Lee accumulated over seven years of market and treasury 
experience within the Canadian banking sector. He held the position of Treasury Portfolio Manager, 
where he managed interest rates and optionality risk and return for a prominent Canadian bank. 
Additionally, he was a member of its Senior Asset-Liability Management Committee.
Dato’ Lee also serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Capital Markets Development Fund 
(CMDF) and assumed the role of Chairperson of the Bond and Sukuk Information Platform Sdn Bhd 
on 3 November 2017 and 22 November 2017 respectively. Furthermore, he holds directorships in 
several other private companies.
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 Member, Group Board Risk and Compliance
 
Committee
QUALIFICATION
•
 Master in Business Administration, Simon Fraser
 
University, Canada
•
 Bachelor of Business Administration (First Class
 
Joint Honours in Economics), Simon Fraser 
University, Canada
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Markets and Treasury, Corporate and Transaction
 
Banking, Business Management & Corporate 
Leadership, Investments and Risk Management
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 Director, IGB Berhad
Public Companies
•
 Director, CIMB Bank Berhad
•
 Director, CIMB Investment Bank Berhad
•
 Director, Cagamas Holdings Berhad
•
 Director, RAM Rating Services Berhad
BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE
BOD AC BRCC GNRC GSGC
Member
16/16 –
Member
6/7 – –
Declaration
• He does not have any conflict of interest or any family relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of the 
Company
•
 He has not 
been convicted for any offences within the past five (5) years, nor has he been imposed of any public sanction 
or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies in 2023
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
58
Gender
Male
Date of Appointment
20 July 2015
Length of Service
9 years
DATO’ LEE 
KOK KWAN
Non-Independent Director
Integrated Annual Report 2023
109
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 112 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
En Didi Syafruddin Yahya brings over two decades of experience from his tenure at J.P. Morgan Chase 
Bank (J.P. Morgan), where he held various leadership roles in Indonesia and later in Malaysia where he 
was Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking. During his time in J.P.Morgan he played a key 
role in client coverage offering strategic counsel on mergers and acquisitions, as well as equity and 
debt capital markets transactions to leading companies in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Commencing his banking career with Morgan Grenfell & Co. in London after earning his Chartered 
Accountant qualification, En Didi Syafruddin has garnered a wealth of expertise in the financial sector. 
Presently, he serves as the Chairman of the Investment Panel at Urusharta Jamaah Sdn Bhd.
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 Chairperson, Group Nomination and Remuneration
 
Committee and Board Risk and Compliance 
Committee
•
 Member, Group Sustainability and Governance
 
Committee
•
 Member, Audit Committee (resigned w.e.f
 
8 October
	2023)
QUALIFICATION
•
 Fellow Chartered Accountant, Institute of Chartered
 
Accountants in England and Wales, United Kingdom
•
 Master of Arts, University of Cambridge, United
 
Kingdom
•
 Bachelor of Arts, University of Cambridge, United
 
Kingdom
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Operations, Risk Management, Investment &
 
Corporate Finance, Business Management & 
Corporate Leadership, Accounting, Finance & Audit
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 President Commissioner, PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk
Public Companies
•
 
Nil
BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE
BOD AC BRCC GNRC GSGC
Member
16/16
Member
11/12
Chairperson
7/7
Member
11/11
Member
5/5
Declaration
• He does not have any conflict of interest or any family relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of the 
Company
•
 He has not 
been convicted for any offences within the past five (5) years, nor has he been imposed of any public sanction 
or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies in 2023
Nationality
Indonesian
Age
57
Gender
Male
Date of Appointment
7 May 2019
Length of Service
5 years
DIDI SYAFRUDDIN 
YAHYA
Independent Director
110
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors’ Profiles

---- Page 113 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
En Afzal Abdul Rahim is a prominent technology entrepreneur currently serving as the Chief Executive 
Officer of TIME dotCom Berhad (TIME), a leading ASEAN telecommunications operator specialising in 
Fixed Line, Data Centers, and Global Submarine Cable Systems. His association with TIME commenced 
in 2008 following the establishment of The AIMS Asia Group and Global Transit International in 2006.
En Afzal is recognised for his contributions to the technology industry. He founded the non-profit 
Malaysian Internet Exchange in 2006 and held a position as a Board Member of Endeavor Malaysia, 
an organisation dedicated to fostering high-impact entrepreneurs.
His professional journey began in the automotive sector, initially as a Chassis Development Engineer 
and later transitioning to client management within the engineering consultancy domain at Group 
Lotus PLC. Notably, En Afzal also holds a license as a Commercial Pilot.
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 Member, Group Nomination and Remuneration
 
Committee
QUALIFICATION
•
 Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering with Electronics,
 
University of Sussex at Brighton, United Kingdom
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Operations, Risk Management, Investment &
 
Corporate Finance, Business Management & 
Corporate Leadership, Technology, Human 
Resources
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 Chief Executive Officer, Time dotCom Berhad
•
 Director, Symphony Communication Public
 
Company Limited
Public Companies
•
 
Nil BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE
BOD AC BRCC GNRC GSGC
Member
16/16 – –
Member
9/11 –
Declaration
• He does not have any conflict of interest or any family relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of the 
Company
•
 He has not 
been convicted for any offences within the past five (5) years, nor has he been imposed of any public sanction 
or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies in 2023
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
46
Gender
Male
Date of Appointment
31 January 2019
Length of Service
5 years
AFZAL ABDUL 
RAHIM
Independent Director
Integrated Annual Report 2023
111
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 114 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Ms Shulamite Khoo served as the Group Human Resources Director and Executive Vice President of 
AIA Group, the largest publicly listed pan-Asian life insurance group headquartered in Hong Kong, from 
2011 until her retirement in 2018.
Before her tenure at AIA, Ms Khoo held several senior executive positions at AXA, a prominent French 
multinational insurance firm specialising in global insurance, investment management, and other 
financial services.
Ms Khoo’s expertise and leadership have been recognised beyond her corporate roles. She was 
previously appointed as an International Advisory Panel Member of the Singapore Civil Service. 
Additionally, she served on the Board of AIA Malaysia from 2018 until her resignation in February 
2020.
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 Member, Group Nomination and Remuneration
 
Committee
QUALIFICATION
•
 Chartered Fellow, Chartered Institute of Personnel
 
& Development, United Kingdom
•
 Bachelor of Science (Statistics & Actuarial Science),
 
University of Toronto, Canada
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Operations, Risk Management, Human Resources
 
and International Experience
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 Director, Shangri-La Asia Limited
Public Companies
•
 Director, AIA Co. Ltd., Hong Kong
BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE
BOD AC BRCC GNRC GSGC
Member
16/16 – –
Member
11/11
Member
3/5
Declaration
• She does not have any conflict of interest or any family relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of 
the Company
•
 She has not 
been convicted for any offences within the past five (5) years, nor has he been imposed of any public sanction 
or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies in 2023
Nationality
Singaporean
Age
63
Gender
Female
Date of Appointment
15 May 2020
Length of Service
4 years
SHULAMITE  
N K KHOO
Independent Director
112
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors’ Profiles

---- Page 115 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Before assuming her role as a Director at CIMB, Ms Ho Yuet Mee served as a director on the Board 
of CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad, a subsidiary of CIMB Bank Berhad. Ms Ho is a certified public 
accountant, having spent a significant portion of her career in prominent international accounting 
firms, primarily with EY, where she accumulated 25 years of experience. During her tenure at EY, she 
held various leadership positions, including serving as an audit partner for major government-linked 
companies and multinational clients.
Ms Ho played a pivotal role in establishing the global EY Entrepreneur Of The Year Programme in 
Malaysia and spearheaded its operations for several years. Additionally, she served as a Pacific 
Regional Partner, focusing on the implementation of global IT projects and oversaw the audit 
independence function regionally for an extended period.
In June 2011, Ms Ho opted for early retirement to join an engineering construction private limited 
company, founded by her husband, where she currently serves as its Finance Director. Alongside her 
corporate responsibilities, she is actively involved in the Board of World Wildlife Fund-Malaysia and 
holds directorships in various other private companies.
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 Chairperson, Group Sustainability and Governance
 
Committee
•
 Member, CIMB Banking Group Audit Committee
 
and CIMB Group Audit Committee
QUALIFICATION
•
 Postgraduate Certificate in Sustainable Business,
 
University of Cambridge, United Kingdom
•
 Chartered Accountancy, Malaysia Institute of
 
Certified Public Accountants, Malaysia
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Operations, Risk Management, Business
 
Management & Corporate Leadership, Accounting, 
Audit & Finance, Sustainability
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 
Nil
Public Companies
•
 
Nil
BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE
BOD AC BRCC GNRC GSGC
Member
15/16
Member
16/16 – –
Member
5/5
Declaration
• She does not have any conflict of interest or any family relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of 
the Company
•
 She has not 
been convicted for any offences within the past five (5) years, nor has he been imposed of any public sanction 
or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies in 2023
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
64
Gender
Female
Date of Appointment
28 July 2022
Length of Service
More than 1 year
HO YUET MEE
Independent Director
Integrated Annual Report 2023
113
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 116 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Datin Azlina possesses over 30 years of extensive banking experience. Her professional journey 
commenced in 1989 at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank Berhad (J.P. Morgan), where she started as an analyst 
and progressed to become one of the senior bankers responsible for managing key corporate and 
institutional clients in Malaysia. She retired from J.P. Morgan as an Executive Director of the Global 
Corporate Bank on 2 March 2021.
Following her retirement, Datin Azlina was appointed by the Minister of Finance as a Public Interest 
Director to the Board of Directors of Bursa Malaysia Berhad, effective 16 March 2021. In this capacity, 
she also serves as a Member on Bursa Malaysia Berhad’s Risk Management Committee, Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and Regulatory and Conflicts Committee.
Datin Azlina’s vast experience in corporate and investment banking, her pivotal role in establishing the 
corporate banking franchise of J.P. Morgan in Malaysia, her proficiency in banking operations and her 
extensive client coverage experience make her a valuable addition to the Board, complementing its 
existing skill set and dynamics.
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 Member, Group Audit Committee and Group
 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
QUALIFICATION
•
 Bachelor of Science in Economics, The Wharton
 
School of Business, University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, United States of America
•
 Bachelor of Arts, The College of Arts and Sciences,
 
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, United 
States of America
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Operations, Risk Management, Investment &
 
Corporate Finance, Business Management & 
Corporate Leadership, Human Resource, 
Sustainability
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 Director, Bursa Malaysia Berhad
Public Companies
•
 
Nil
BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE ATTENDANCE
BOD AC BRCC GNRC GSGC
Member
11/11
Member
9/10 –
Member
3/3 –
Declaration
• She does not have any conflict of interest or any family relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of 
the Company
•
 She has not 
been convicted for any offences within the past five (5) years, nor has he been imposed of any public sanction 
or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies in 2023
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
57
Gender
Female
Date of Appointment
1 May 2023
Length of Service
1 year
DATIN AZLINA  
MAHMAD
Independent Director
114
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors’ Profiles

---- Page 117 ----
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir was appointed Group Company Secretary of CIMB on 17 March 2006. She 
holds the responsibility for the Group’s Corporate Secretarial and Governance team and advises the 
CEO and the Board on corporate and governance matters. Her position also covers the Group’s 
regional operations where her strong experience is utilised in close liaisons between the Board and its 
key stakeholders, in Malaysia and in the Group’s regional offices.
Datin Rossaya has nearly 30 years of experience in corporate secretarial practice. She also brings 
insights as a member of the Companies Commission of Malaysia’s Corporate Practice Consultative 
Forum. She is also a Director of several subsidiaries in CIMB.
She also has passion for and experience in sustainability in the financial services sector, and has 
initiated several sustainability projects for #teamcimb.
Prior to joining CIMB, Datin Rossaya was with Permodalan Nasional Berhad, where she held the 
position of Joint Company Secretary for several of its subsidiaries. She began her career with the Time 
Engineering Group.
MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
•
 
Nil
QUALIFICATION
•
 Bachelor of Laws (majoring in Business Law),
 
Coventry University, United Kingdom
•
 Licensed Secretary, Companies Commission of
 
Malaysia
•
 Affiliate, Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries
 
and Administrators
•
 CIMB-CISL Sustainability Leadership Programme,
 
Institute for Sustainability Leadership,  
University of Cambridge
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
•
 Company Law, Corporate Secretarial Practice,
 
Corporate Governance
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 
Nil
Public Companies
•
 
Nil
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
56
Gender
Female
Date of Appointment
2002
Length of Service
22 years
DATIN ROSSAYA  
MOHD NASHIR
Group Company Secretary
Integrated Annual Report 2023
115
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Group Company Secretary’s Profile

---- Page 118 ----
CIMB BANK BERHAD
CHAIRPERSON
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
Independent Director
MEMBERS
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
Chu Hong Keong
Independent Director
Sukanta Kumar Dutt
Independent Director
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan
Non-Independent Director
Christina Ong Soo Chan
Independent Director
(Appointed on 1 March 2023)
Kee E Lene
Independent Director
(Appointed on 15 March 2023)
Dr Nurmazilah Dato’ Mahzan
Independent Director
(Appointed on 3 August 2023)
Nadzirah Abd Rashid
Independent Director
(Retired on 14 September 2023)
Hafriz Abdul Rahman
Non-Independent Director
(Resigned on 1 February 2024)
SECRETARY
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir
CHAIRPERSON
Raymond Yeoh Cheng Seong
Independent Director
(Appointed on 1 November 2023)
MEMBERS
Muhammad Novan Amirudin
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
(Appointed on 15 June 2023)
Manu Bhaskaran
Independent Director
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan
Non-Independent Director
Tan Ting Min
Independent Director
(Appointed on 1 May 2023)
Datin Azlina Mahmad
Independent Director
(Appointed on 1 May 2023 & resigned on 
3 July 2023)
Jefferi Mahmud Hashim
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
(Resigned on 15 June 2023)
Nadzirah Abd Rashid
Independent Director
(Retired on 14 September 2023)
Teoh Su Yin
Chairperson/Independent Director
(Retired on 7 October 2023)
Surina Shukri
Independent Director
(Deceased on 29 February 2024)
SECRETARY
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir
PRESIDENT COMMISSIONER
Didi Syafruddin Yahya
President Commissioner
MEMBERS
Glenn Muhammad Surya Yusuf
Vice President Commissioner 
(Independent)
Jeffrey Kairupan
Senior Independent Commissioner
Sri Widowati
Independent Commissioner
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
Non-Independent Commissioner
Vera Handajani
Non-Independent Commissioner
Farina J. Situmorang
Independent Commissioner
(Appointed on 25 January 2024)
CORPORATE SECRETARY
Fransiska Oei
CIMB INVESTMENT BANK BERHAD PT BANK CIMB NIAGA TBKCIMB ISLAMIC BANK BERHAD
CHAIRPERSON
Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din
Independent Director
MEMBERS
Ahmad Shahriman Mohd Shariff
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
Ahmed Baqar Rehman
Independent Director
Jalalullail Othman
Independent Director
Dr Azura Othman
Independent Director
Zuhaida Zulkifli
Independent Director
(Appointed on 1 March 2023)
SECRETARY
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir
116
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Boards of Major Subsidiaries

---- Page 119 ----
CHAIRPERSON
Dato’ Robert Cheim Dau Meng
Non-Independent Director
MEMBERS
Paul Wong Chee Kin
President and Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
Anon Sirisaengtaksin
Independent Director
Oranuch Apisaksirikul
Independent Director
Natasak Rodjanapiches
Independent Director
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
Non-Independent Director
Vera Handajani
Non-Independent Director
Chanmanu Sumawong
Independent Director
(Resigned on 13 April 2023)
Dr Rom Hiranpruk
Independent Director
(Resigned on 13 April 2023)
Niti Jungnitnirundr
Independent Director
(Resigned on 12 August 2023)
SECRETARY
Patima Jumpasut
CHAIRPERSON
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
Independent Director
MEMBERS
Bun Yin
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
Aisyah Lam Abdullah
Independent Director
Cheong Weng Teong
Non-Independent Director
Ahmad Shazli Kamarulzaman
Non-Independent Director
Long Beang
Independent Director
JOINT SECRETARIES
Ly Sophea
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir
CHAIRPERSON
Effendy Shahul Hamid
Non-Independent Director
MEMBERS
Thomson Fam Siew Kat
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
Aisyah Lam Abdullah
Independent Director
Le Le Thuy
Independent Director
Gurdip Singh Sidhu
Non-Independent Director
JOINT SECRETARIES
Tran Hai Long
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir
CIMB THAI BANK PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED CIMB BANK PLC CIMB BANK (VIETNAM) LIMITED
CIMB Cambodia 
Option 1 - Normal Version
Positive - Colour & Greyscale
Reversed  - Colour & Greyscale
C0   M100   Y85    K60 
C0   M100   Y100  K0 
K100
K50 
C0   M100   Y85    K60 
C0   M100   Y100  K0 
K100
K50 
Integrated Annual Report 2023
117
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 120 ----
Other Subsidiaries
100%
CIMB INVESTMENT BANK BERHAD
100%
KAF EQUITIES SDN BHD
92.47%
PT BANK CIMB NIAGA TBK
100%
CIMB SI SDN BHD
15.81%
CIMB DIGITAL ASSETS SDN BHD
84.19%
CIMB DIGITAL ASSETS SDN BHD
100%
TOUCH ‘N GO SDN BHD
45%
TNG DIGITAL SDN BHD
100%
CIMB GROUP SDN BHD
100%
CIMB BANK BERHAD
100%
CIMB ISLAMIC BANK BERHAD
100%
CIMB TRUST LIMITED
100%
iCIMB (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD
100%
CIMB BANK PLC
100%
CIMB BANK (VIETNAM) LIMITED
94.83%
CIMB THAI BANK PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED
100%
CIMB ISLAMIC TRUSTEE BERHAD
100%
CIMB COMMERCE TRUSTEE BERHAD
118
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Structure
As at 29 February 2024

---- Page 121 ----
Qualification:
• PhD in Shariah – University of Malaya
• Masters of Shariah – University of Malaya
• Degree in Islamic Revealed Knowledge and Human Sciences (Islamic
 
Jurisprudence) International Islamic University Malaysia
• Certified Shariah Advisor (CSA) from Association of Shariah Advisors
 
(ASAS), Malaysia
Directorship/Relevant Appointments:
• Member, Shariah Advisory Council (SAC) of Securities Commission
 
Malaysia
• Chairman, Shariah Committee Co-opbank Pertama Malaysia Berhad
• Independent Non-Executive Director, Zurich Takaful Malaysia Berhad
 
(Chairman of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Member of Audit 
Committee, Member of Risk Management and Sustainability Committee)
• Chairman, Shariah Committee, Zurich Takaful Malaysia Berhad
• Member, Shariah Committee, Bank Simpanan Nasional
• Member, Perak Islamic Religious Council & Malay Customs (Majlis
 
Agama Islam dan Adat Melayu Perak-MAIPk)
• Member, Fatwa Committee of Perak, Perak Mufti Department
• Director of Centre of Excellence in Islamic Social Finance, INCEIF
• Member, Shariah Advisory Committee of Tabung Haji
Relevant Experience:
• Associate Professor, International Centre for Education in Islamic
 
Finance (INCEIF)
• Former Shariah Committee, Maybank Islamic Berhad
• Former Chairman of Shariah Committee, Agrobank
• Former Shariah Committee, Group Shariah Committee, MNRB
 
Holdings Berhad
• Former Shariah Committee, Malaysian Industrial Development
 
Finance Berhad (MIDF)
• Former Researcher and Head of Islamic Banking Unit, International
 
Shari’ah Research Academy for Islamic Finance (ISRA)
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
48
Gender
Male
Date of 
Appointment
16 August 2020
Length of Tenure
4 Years
ASSOCIATE 
PROFESSOR DR 
MOHAMED 
FAIROOZ ABDUL 
KHIR
(Chairman)
Qualification:
• PhD in Law – International Islamic University Malaysia
• LLM (Banking) – International Islamic University Malaysia
• Bachelor of Laws (Hons) – International Islamic University Malaysia
• Certified Shariah Professional (CSP) from Association of Shariah
 
Advisors (ASAS), Malaysia
Directorship/Relevant Appointments:
• Chairman of Shariah Board at Alia Investment Pvt Ltd, Maldives
• Member, Shariah Committee at Munich Re, Malaysia
• Member, Shariah Committee at Ayady Takaful-Allied Insurance
 
Company, Maldives
• Member, Public Interest Monitoring Consultative Committee of Accounting
 
and Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI), Bahrain
• Professor & Associate Dean, Students & Internationalisation, School
 
of Graduate and Professional Studies, INCEIF University
• Elected Executive Committee Member, Bar Council of Maldives
• Senior Islamic Finance Consultant, UNFPA, Malaysia
Relevant Experience:
• Former Associate Professor, INCEIF University
 
• Former Chairman, Shariah Advisory Council of Capital Market
 
Development Authority, Maldives
• Former Deputy Minister 
– Ministry of Finance and Treasury, Republic 
of Maldives
• Former Dep
uty Minister – Ministry of Islamic Affairs, Republic of Maldives
• Former Chairman, Board of Directors, Maldives Center for Islamic
 
Finance Ltd
• Former Chairman, Board of Directors, Maldives Hajj Corporation Ltd.
 
(Tabung Haji of Maldives)
• Former Member, Shariah Committee, Housing Development Finance
 
Corporation Plc, Maldives
• Shariah Adviser, Sukuk No.1-4 issued by Housing Development Finance
 
Corporation Plc, Maldives
• Former member of Islamic Fiqh Academy (National Fatawa Council of
 
Maldives) 
• Former Chairman, Shariah Committee at Housing Development
 
Corporation Ltd., Maldives
Nationality
Maldivian
Age
39
Gender
Female
Date of 
Appointment
13 April 2018
Length of Tenure
6 Years
PROFESSOR DR 
AISHATH  
MUNEEZA
Integrated Annual Report 2023
119
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Group Shariah Committee Profile

---- Page 122 ----
Qualification:
• PhD in Islamic Economy and Banking – University of Yarmouk, Jordan
• Master’s Degree in Shariah (Islamic Finance) – University of Malaya,
 
Malaysia
• Bachelor Degree in Shariah and Management – University of Malaya,
 
Malaysia
Directorship/Relevant Appointments:
• Chairman, Shariah Advisory Board, Syarikat Takaful Malaysia Keluarga
 
Berhad
• Member, Shariah Committee, Small Medium Enterprise Development
 
Bank Malaysia Berhad
• Member, Fatwa Committee, Jabatan Mufti Negeri Perlis
• Member, Islamic Legal Consultative Committee, Federal Territories
• Member, Waqaf Committee, Majlis Agama Islam dan Adat Istiadat
 
Negeri Kelantan (MAIK)
• Member, Shariah Advisor Committee, Sabnuha Jewellery PLT
• Shariah Adviser, KAB Goldynamics Sdn Bhd
• Shariah Board, Precious Amber International Bhd
• Shariah Adviser, InfaqPay Sdn Bhd
Relevant Experience:
• Currently a Senior Lecturer at the Department of Shariah and
 
Management, Academy of Islamic Studies of University Malaya
• Former Shariah Committee, Kenanga Investment Bank Berhad
• Former Muamalat Expert Panel of Jabatan Kemajuan Islam Malaysia
 
(JAKIM)
• He has produced numerous publications such as book and research
 
papers in Islamic legal theories (usul fiqh), Islamic commercial laws, 
Islamic banking and finance, Takaful and Shariah Fintech
• He is the founder and administrator of “muamalat.my”, a social
 
media platform that strives to become a medium of education in 
enhancing public awareness with regards to Islamic Finance and 
Takaful since 2013
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
46
Gender
Male
Date of 
Appointment
1 November 2019
Length of Tenure
5 Years
DR AHMAD  
SUFIAN CHE 
ABDULLAH
Qualification:
• PhD in Islamic Banking and Finance from IIUM Institute of Islamic
 
Banking and Finance Malaysia
• Master’s degree in Islamic Finance from International Center for
 
Education in Islamic Finance (INCEIF), Malaysia
• Bachelor’s degree in Shari’ah Finance (Islamic Economics) from Tazkia
 
Institute, Indonesia
• Certified Shariah Adviser and Auditor (CSAA) from AAOIFI, Bahrain
• Certified Shariah Advisor (CSA) from Association of Shariah Advisors
 
(ASAS), Malaysia
Directorship/Relevant Appointments:
• Board of Director, ZICO Shariah Advisory
• Director of Shariah, AIFA Consulting
• Member of Shariah Committee, FWD takaful Sdn Bhd
• Shariah Advisor, Dar al-Muraja’ah al-Shar’iyyah, Bahrain
• Member of the Curriculum Review Committee, Accounting and
 
Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) in 
Bahrain
• Adjunct Fellow, International Institute of Advanced Islamic Studies
 
(IAIS Malaysia)
Relevant Experience:
• Former Chairman of Shariah Committee, Affin Islamic Bank Berhad
• Former Head of Economics, Finance, Awqaf and Zakat cum Associate
 
Principal Fellow, International Institute of Advanced Islamic Studies 
(IAIS Malaysia)
• Former Research Fellow, IAIS Malaysia
• Former researcher, International Shariah Research Academy for
 
Islamic Finance (ISRA) Malaysia
• Former Visiting Professor, Indonesian University of Education
Nationality
Indonesian
Age
41
Gender
Male
Date of 
Appointment
1 April 2023
Length of Tenure
1 Year
DR MOHAMMAD 
MAHBUBI ALI
120
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group Shariah Committee Profile

---- Page 123 ----
Qualification:
• LLB, Queen Mary & Westfield College of the University of London
• Certificate in Legal Practice, University Malaya
Directorship/Relevant Appointments:
• Independent Director of CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
 
• Member of the Board Risk & Compliance Committee
 
• Member of the Technical Committee of the Malaysia Accounting Standards Board (“MASB”)
• Member of the Malaysian Bar Council Committee for Islamic Finance and Trade in Legal
 
Services
• Member of the Listing Committee of Bursa Malaysia
• Member of the Senate of INCEIF University
 
• Moderator with the Finance Accreditation Agency (“FAA”) and an Arbitrator for Islamic
 
Finance with the Asian International Arbitration Centre (“AIAC”)
• Chapter reviewer and contributor for the International Shariah Research Academy (“ISRA”)
• Member of the Board for Financial Reporting Foundation
• Member of Audit Committee for Financial Reporting Foundation
• Member of INCEIF University Board of Trustees
 
Relevant Experience:
• En Jalalullail Othman heads the Islamic Finance practice in Shook Lin & Bok, one of the
 
oldest and largest law firm in Malaysia. Encik Jal was instrumental in setting up the Islamic 
Finance practice and continues to chart the course of this practice area within the Firm.
• His portfolio of work includes advising on a wide range of sukuk issuances for financing
 
power plants in Malaysia and China, vessel construction, project financing for the 
automotive industry, the textile and garment industry, the downstream and upstream palm 
oil industry, advising on Islamic structured products and Islamic syndicated financing.
• En Jal is also actively involved in the drive for innovation in the industry and in this
 
respect Encik Jal leads the team advising on various product developments for Islamic 
banks, both in Malaysia and abroad. 
• In addition to Islamic Finance, En Jal’s other major areas of practice are corporate
 
commercial law and real estate. His experience in advising on some major cross border 
mergers and acquisition and real estate acquisitions have benefited him in his role as an 
Islamic Finance lawyer. 
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
57
Gender
Male
Date of 
Appointment
6 May 2023
Length of Tenure
11 Months
EN JALALULLAIL 
BIN OTHMAN
Integrated Annual Report 2023
121
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 124 ----
1 AMRAN 
MOHAMAD
 Group Chief
 
Internal Auditor
2 KWAN KEEN YEW
 Group Chief Legal
 
& Compliance 
Officer; and Group 
Chief Integrity & 
Governance 
Officer
3 CHU KOK WEI
 
Co-Chief 
Executive Officer,  
Group Wholesale 
Banking
8 KHAIRUL RIFAIE
 Group Chief
 
Financial Officer
4 VERA 
HANDAJANI
 Group Chief Risk
 
Officer
5 DATO’ ABDUL RAHMAN  
AHMAD
 Group Chief Executive
 
Officer/Executive Director, 
CIMB; Country Head, 
Malaysia; and Chief 
Executive Officer/
Executive Director, CIMB 
Bank Berhad
6 EFFENDY SHAHUL  
HAMID
 Chief Executive
 
Officer,  
Group Consumer 
& Digital Banking
7 AHMAD SHAZLI  
KAMARULZAMAN
 Co-Chief Executive
 
Officer,  
Group Commercial 
& Transaction 
Banking
GROUP
1 3
4
5
6 7
8
2
122
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE

---- Page 125 ----
9 LANI DARMAWAN
 Country Head,
 
Indonesia; and 
President Director 
& Chief Executive 
Officer, PT Bank 
CIMB Niaga Tbk
11  VICTOR LEE MENG  
TECK
 Country Head,
 
Singapore; and  
Chief Executive 
Officer, CIMB Bank, 
Singapore
10  PAUL WONG  
CHEE KIN
 Country Head,
 
Thailand; and 
President & Chief 
Executive Officer, 
CIMB Thai Bank 
PCL
12  AHMAD SHAHRIMAN 
MOHD SHARIFF
 Chief Executive Officer/
Executive Director, CIMB
 
Islamic Bank; Chief 
Executive Officer, Group 
Islamic Banking; and 
Chief Executive Officer, 
CIMB Foundation
13  NOVAN AMIRUDIN
 Chief Executive
 
Officer/Executive 
Director, CIMB 
Investment Bank; and 
Co-Chief Executive 
Officer, Group 
Wholesale Banking
15  HANIZ 
NAZLAN
 Group Chief
 
Strategy Officer
14  GURDIP 
SINGH SIDHU
 Group Chief
 
Operating & 
People Officer
16  LAWRENCE 
LOH
 
Co-Chief 
Executive 
Officer, Group 
Commercial & 
Transaction 
Banking
9
10
11 12 13
14
15 16
Integrated Annual Report 2023
123
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 126 ----
LANI DARMAWAN VICTOR LEE MENG TECKPAUL WONG CHEE KIN
Country Head, Indonesia; and
President Director & Chief Executive Officer,  
PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk
Country Head, Singapore; and
Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Bank, Singapore
Country Head, Thailand; and
President & Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Thai Bank PCL
QUALIFICATION
•
 Bachelor 
of Dentistry from Trisakti University, Jakarta, Indonesia
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
• Member of Banking Sector – Monetary Policy and
 Financial 
Services Agency, Indonesian Chambers of Commerce (KADIN)
• Deputy Head of Institutional Relations – Indonesia Bank
 
Association (PERBANAS)
• Member 
of Banking Committee – The Indonesian Employers 
Association (APINDO)
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Appointed 
as President Director of PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk 
based on the EGM Resolution on 17 December 2021. Lani joined 
CIMB Niaga on April 2016 as Consumer Banking Director.
• Con
currently also holds role as President Commissioner in CIMB 
Niaga Auto Finance, a subsidiary of PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk.
• She has more than 35 years of experience with various positions
 
in consumer banking with major banks such as Maybank, Bank 
Permata, Citibank, Standard Chartered, Lippo Bank, Bank Central 
Asia, and American Express.
QUALIFICATION
• Bachelor of Ap plied Science (Materials Engineering), Nanyang 
Technological University, Singapore
• Alumni 
of ASIAN Financial Leaders Programme (AFLP), mandated by 
Monetary Authority of Singapore
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
• Nil
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Over 25 years of experience in Retail banking, Channels/Distribution 
Management, Microfinance and Business Banking with markets coverage 
in ASEAN, North Asia, Africa and the Middle East.
• Responsible for transforming and building Singapore’s banking business,
 
strategic positioning, and deepening its foothold in ASEAN region.
• Previously 
as Chief Executive Officer for CIMB Group Commercial Banking, 
he was responsible for growing and driving innovation for the SME and 
Mid-Corporate segments in the region. Championed customer centricity, 
digital enablement, as well as CIMB’s sustainability agenda for the entire 
Commercial Banking business.
• At Fullerton Financial H
oldings, he was responsible for managing its 
investments in banks and financial services firms. This includes driving 
its strategy and implementations, leading several digital initiatives across 
Asia and delivering strong operational risk governance and performance 
excellence. He also held various board directorships within the Fullerton 
Group.
• Wa
s Managing Director at United Overseas Bank (UOB) and led the 
Small Business banking segment at UOB.
•
 A member of the SME Banking management committee in Standard
 
Chartered where he was responsible for its global liability, treasury 
business and lending businesses in Singapore, Taiwan and China.
• At Citib
ank, he was responsible for the strategic positioning of business 
banking within the Global Consumer Group in Singapore and for driving 
key initiatives for CitiGold and CitiBanking.
•
 Awarded “Top 50 Most Promising Young Leaders’’ award in 2008 by
 
The Asian Banker for bankers aged below 40 in Asia Pacific and the 
Middle East region”.
QUALIFICATION
• Bachelor 
of Business (Major in Banking & Finance), Monash 
University, Melbourne, Australia
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
•
 Director, CIMB Thai Bank Public Company Limited
•
 Director, The Association of International Banks
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
•
 Over 25 years of experience in banking and finance in ASEAN.
•
 He joined CIMB Group in 2007 as Senior Vice President, Head
 
of Sales Management – Consumer Sales & Distribution of CIMB 
Bank Berhad. He has been assigned to various positions within 
the Group, including stints in the Philippines and was subsequently 
appointed President and CEO of CIMB Thai Bank PCL in February 
2021.
•
 He 
has a strong track record in strategic projects regionally, in 
digitalisation and transformation, and brings in depth functional 
experience in operations, having successfully led and transformed 
Group Operations.
• He also served as the Board of Directors for Principal Asset
 
Management Berhad from September 2016 to January 2021.
• Prior to CIMB, he served in various capacities in several financial
 
institutions in Malaysia and Singapore.
Nationality
Indonesian
Age
62
Gender
Female
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
55
Gender
Male
Nationality
Singaporean
Age
54
Gender
Male
124
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group Management Profile

---- Page 127 ----
CHU KOK WEI EFFENDY SHAHUL HAMIDNOVAN AMIRUDIN
Co-Chief Executive Officer,  
Group Wholesale Banking
Chief Executive Officer,  
Group Consumer & Digital Banking
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director, CIMB Investment 
Bank; and Co-Chief Executive Officer, Group Wholesale 
Banking
QUALIFICATION
•
 MSc in Finance and Economics with Distinction, and First Class
 
Honours of BSc (Econ) Economics, London School of Economics 
and Political Science, University of London, United Kingdom
•
 Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA)
•
 Chartered Banker
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
•
 President, Financial Markets Association Malaysia (FMAM)
• Member, 
Bank Negara Malaysia’s Financial Market Committee 
(FMC)
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
•
 Chu 
assumed his current role in June 2022 and prior to that 
he held the position of Group Head of Treasury & Markets with 
responsibility for CIMB Group’s markets, sales, trading and 
structuring businesses in interest rates, credit, foreign exchange, 
commodities, equity and their derivatives. He is also responsible 
for fixed income investments, and the funding and liquidity 
management operations for CIMB Group.
•
 Prior to joining CIMB in 2003, Chu had six years of experience
 
with a major European bank developing its local currency fixed 
income business in both Malaysia and Singapore.
•
 Since joining CIMB, Chu played an active role in the formation
 
of group wide treasury and market businesses which have grown 
from strength to strength and today is a market leading franchise 
and a significant contributor to the Group.
QUALIFICATION
• Honours in Electronic Engineering with Optoelectronics, University College London, 
United Kingdom
•
 CIMB-INSEAD Leadership Programme
• Digital Business L
eadership Programme, Columbia Business School, Columbia University, 
United States of America
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
• Chairman, TNG Digital Sdn Bhd
•
 Chairman, CIMB Bank (Vietnam) Ltd
•
 Director, Touch ’n Go Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, CIMB SI Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, CIMB Digital Assets Sdn Bhd
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• As CEO of Group Consumer & Digital Banking, Effendy manages CIMB Group’s consumer  
banking franchise across the region, including its digital banking initiatives. Appointed 
to the role on 1 January 2023, he oversees all aspects of the Group’s retail segments, 
products and channels across ASEAN, including digital banks in two markets. In his 
present role, he is also responsible for all of CIMB Group’s investments, partnerships 
and value creation activities in the digital space, previously within the ambit of CIMB 
Digital Assets (including Touch ‘n Go and TNG Digital), of which he was CEO.
•
 Previously 
CEO of Group Ventures and Partnerships, he was responsible for the 
development of the Group’s new and disruptive revenue and value creation streams, 
with a focus on cultivating new-age partnerships at scale, venturing through selective 
strategic investments in platform-based business, andmanaging the Group’s digital 
banking franchises.
• Prior to that, Effendy was CEO of Group Asset Management & Investments, responsible
 
for the Group’s investments businesses across both public and private markets, 
including the regional asset management business, its private equity fund management 
business and the proprietary equity investments portfolio.
• Prior to that, as CEO of Group Commercial Banking, he manages the Group’s regional
 
banking businesses for the small and medium enterprise and mid-sized corporate 
segment, with a key focus on creating differentiated propositions and executing long 
term growth strategies.
• Preced
ing that, Effendy was Group Chief Marketing and Communications Officer, 
managing the Group’s entire marketing and communications initiatives and lead 
franchise-wide efforts to ensure a consistent and differentiated CIMB brand for all 
of the Group’s businesses across the region.
• Befor
e that, he served as a Director in the Group’s Investment Banking Division, 
primarily focusing on corporate advisory and origination.
• Prior 
to joining the Group in 2004, Effendy spent the early years of his career in several 
companies in a corporate development capacity, mostly involved in private equity, 
merger and acquisition and general business expansion initiatives across Asia Pacific.
• Re
gional business experience having worked and lived in Malaysia, Hong Kong and Singapore.
QUALIFICATION
•
 Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand
• M
aster of Commerce with Merit (Finance), The University of 
Sydney, Australia
•
 Bachelor of Commerce, The University of Melbourne, Australia
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
•
 Director, CIMB Investment Bank Bhd
•
 Director, CIMB Securities Sdn Bhd
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Nova
n is the Co-Chief Executive Officer of Group Wholesale 
Banking (GWB) where he is jointly responsible to oversee the 
GWB Division. On the day-to-day management, he is responsible 
for Group Corporate Banking, Group Investment Banking and 
Group Private Banking.
• In addition, Novan is the Chief Executive Officer of CIMB
 
Investment Bank Berhad.
• Nova
n comes with more than 20 years’ experience in Investment 
Banking and Corporate Finance across Kuala Lumpur, Jakarta 
and Singapore. He has extensive experience in client coverage, 
mergers and acquisitions, public offerings, private placements, 
derivative solutions and bank financing.
• P
rior to joining CIMB, Novan was with J.P. Morgan where he was 
Head of Equity Capital Markets, Southeast Asia and Head of 
Investment Banking, Malaysia.
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
50
Gender
Male
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
44
Gender
Male
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
51
Gender
Male
Integrated Annual Report 2023
125
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 128 ----
AHMAD SHAHRIMAN MOHD SHARIFF GURDIP SINGH SIDHUKHAIRUL RIFAIE
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director,  
CIMB Islamic Bank;  
Chief Executive Officer, Group Islamic Banking; and  
Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Foundation
Group Chief Operating & People OfficerGroup Chief Financial Officer
QUALIFICATION
• Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and Finance, Lancaster University, United Kingdom
•
 Malaysian Financial Markets Certificate, Persatuan Pasaran Kewangan Malaysia dan
 
Institut Bank-Bank Malaysia, Malaysia
• Ch
artered Profesional in Islamic Finance, Chartered Institute of Islamic Finance 
Professionals, Malaysia
• CIMB-CISL
 Sustainability Leadership Programme, Institute for Sustainability Leadership, 
University of Cambridge
• Oxford Advanced Management and Leadership Programme, Said Business School,
 
University of Oxford
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
• Director, CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
• Secretary and
 Council Member, Association of Islamic Banking and Financial Institutions 
Malaysia (AIBIM)
•
 Member, 
Standing Committee on Islamic Financial Reporting, Malaysian Accounting 
Standards Board (MASB)
•
 Honorary Senior Fellow, Centre for Islamic Economics, IIUM, Malaysia
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Ah mad Shahriman Mohd Shariff was appointed Chief Executive Officer of CIMB Islamic 
Bank on 1 October 2019 and heads the Group Islamic Banking business of CIMB 
Group that includes Islamic wholesale banking, Islamic consumer banking, Islamic 
commercial banking and Islamic asset management and investment across the key 
markets of Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia.
• Shahriman has over two decades of experience in the corporate and financial service
 
sectors, of which 17 years were in Islamic Banking and Finance-related leadership 
roles. He played an active role in the development of Malaysia’s Islamic banking 
industry, with a longstanding role in the Treasury committee of the Association of 
Islamic Banks in Malaysia (AIBIM). In this capacity, he was involved in instrumental 
industry initiatives such as developing, amongst others, a commodity exchange for 
Islamic finance purposes, Islamic structured products, documentation standards for 
Islamic derivatives as well as an Islamic credit support mechanism.
•
 He previously headed the Wholesale Banking at HSBC Amanah Malaysia Berhad as
 
Director, and served as the Head of Islamic Banking at Citibank Berhad prior to that. 
Under these leadership roles, he has been an instrumental contributor towards the 
growth of the Islamic banking and finance industry with the introduction of global 
award-winning capital markets and treasury solutions. Shahriman has strong leadership, 
technical, legal and risk management expertise gained from his stint in these cross-
border institutions.
• He started his career as a management associate with Citibank before being selected
 
to undertake the leadership development programmes both regionally and globally 
in his time with Citigroup.
• As
 of 2 October 2023, Shahriman has also taken on the role of CEO, CIMB Foundation.
QUALIFICATION
• F irst Class Honours degree in Accounting and Finance, University of 
Warwick, United Kingdom
•
 MSc in Finance from Imperial College, United Kingdom
• Me
mber, Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales 
(ICAEW)
•
 Member, Chartered Banker Institute (MCBI)
•
 Member, Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA), Malaysia
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
• Director, CIMB Group Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, CIMB Berhad
•
 Director, CIMB Holdings Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, Commerce MGI Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, Premier Fidelity Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, SIBB Berhad
•
 Director, SBB Berhad
•
 Director, S.B. Properties Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, S.B. Venture Capital Corporation Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, Perdana Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, Southeast Asia Special Asset Vehicle Limited (SEASAV)
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Khairul assumed his current role in January 2019 and oversees all 
aspects of financial performance which includes financial planning and 
budgeting, statutory and regulatory reporting, tax, capital management 
and finance operations. Prior to assuming this role, he held the position 
of CFO, Malaysia and Regional Head, Financial Control.
•
 Khairul started his career with KPMG, London focusing on the financial
 
services industry.
• In 2006, he joined
 Goldman Sachs, London as an equity analyst covering 
the European Insurance Sector. He then joined UBS, Malaysia in 2009 
to cover the Malaysian Banking Sector and later on also covered the 
Singapore Banking sector.
• Prior to joining CIMB Group, Khairul was working at RHB Group, Malaysia
 
as the Head of Finance of RHB Islamic Bank and Head of Investor 
Relations.
QUALIFICATION
• Honours in Accounting and Finance, the London School of Economics 
and Political Science, University of London, United Kingdom
•
 Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA)
•
 CIMB-INSEAD Leadership Programme
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
• Director, CIMB Bancom Capital Corporation
•
 Director, CIMB Bank (Vietnam) Limited
•
 Director, CIMB EOP Management Sdn Bhd
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Gurdip has over 27 years of experience in financial services and  
management consulting, and has been with CIMB Group for over 17 
years. He was recently appointed as the Group Chief Operating and 
People Officer where he oversees five functions within the organisation. 
These are Human Resources, Sustainability, Operations, Admin & 
Property Management as well as Strategic Procurement. He works 
alongside the Group CEO in driving transformation priorities and being 
a focal point in managing stakeholders.
•
 Prior to this role, Gurdip was the Group Chief People Officer (2020 to
 
2023) where he was responsible for setting the human capital direction 
and strategy of the Group, in alignment with the Group’s overall strategy 
and priorities.
• Pr
ior to that, Gurdip held the position of Group Chief Strategy and 
Design Officer, overseeing and supporting the execution of transformation 
and growth initiatives under T18 and Forward23+ strategic roadmaps. 
During this stint, he had helped shape and steer the Group through 
various strategic phases and initiatives, including setting up the 
sustainability function as well as heading it for a period of time.
•
 Before 
joining CIMB Group, Gurdip spent a decade in an international 
management consulting firm advising banks, telecommunications 
companies and Governments across ASEAN, India, South Korea and 
Spain.
•
 Gurdip graduated with honors from The London School of Economics
 
and Political Science (LSE) with a Bachelor’s of Science in Economics, 
majoring in Accounting and Finance. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst 
(CFA) and has completed the CIMB-INSEAD Leadership Programme.
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
47
Gender
Male
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
44
Gender
Male
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
51
Gender
Male
126
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group Management Profile

---- Page 129 ----
HANIZ NAZLAN KWAN KEEN YEWVERA HANDAJANI
Group Chief Strategy Officer Group Chief Legal & Compliance Officer; and
Group Chief Integrity & Governance Officer
Group Chief Risk Officer
QUALIFICATION
• Bachelor of Science (Hons) Degree in Actuarial Science, London School of Economics  
& Political Science, University of London, United Kingdom
• M
asters degree and Postgraduate Diploma in Applied Finance & Investment, Financial 
Services Institute of Australasia
• Certified Financial Technician (CFTe) and had also attended the Program for Leadership
 
Development at the Harvard Business School, United States of America
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
• Director, CIMB Group Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, Principal Asset Management Berhad
•
 Director, Principal Islamic Asset Management Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, Financial Park (Labuan) Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, CIG Berhad
•
 Director, CIMB Private Equity Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, CIMB SI II Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, CIMB Strategic Assets Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, Commerce Asset Ventures Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, Proton Commerce Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, Renggis Ventures Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, TNG Digital Sdn Bhd
•
 Director, CIMB Bank (Vietnam) Ltd (Board of Controllers)
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Haniz is Group Chief Strategy Officer at CIMB, where he oversees Group Strategy,  
Performance and Programme Management, Group Customer Experience, Transforming 
Customer Journeys, Group Corporate Finance and Investment Management as well 
as the Group CEO’s Office.
• H
aniz has over 18 years of experience in areas of corporate strategy, corporate 
finance, mergers & acquisitions, project management, portfolio and asset management, 
global equities and real estate investments.
• Prior to joining CIMB in April 2021, Haniz was the Chief Investment Officer of Lembaga
 
Tabung Angkatan Tentera (LTAT) from August 2019 where he was accountable for 
all investment functions and activities in the management of LTAT’s investment 
portfolio. He played a key role in setting LTAT’s turnaround plan in motion. This 
included the execution of restructuring plans for the investment portfolio, reorganisation 
of the investment team as well as the strengthening of key investment policies and 
processes, one of which included the establishment of LTAT’s long term Strategic 
Asset Allocation (SAA) Framework.
•
 Prior 
to LTAT, Haniz spent the larger part of his career at Permodalan Nasional 
Berhad (PNB). He served PNB in various capacities, including leading roles in the 
Group Chief Executive’s Office, International Department, Strategic Asset Allocation 
Department and Investment Division. He played a key part in driving the establishment 
of PNB’s SAA and Fixed Income Frameworks, planning PNB’s new global operating 
model, setting up the unit trust funds’ expansion into global markets and in leading 
key M&A transactions for the PNB Group, both locally and abroad.
QUALIFICATION
• M
aster of Business Administration, Kellog – Hong Kong University 
of Science and Technology, United States of America/Hong Kong
• Bachelor of Arts (Economics), Trisakti University, Jakarta, Indonesia
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
•
 Commissioner, PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk
•
 Director, CIMB Thai Bank PCL
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Vera was appointed as Group Chief Risk Officer on 1 August
 
2021, where in her role she oversees all aspects of risk 
management across the CIMB Group.
• Vera 
has over 28 years of banking experience with a holistic 
exposure to business (relationship management, business 
development and transformation), risk management and loan 
restructuring and recovery within wholesale and retail/SME 
banking. She brings with her a wealth of experience covering 
emerging market countries across Asia and leading multi-regional 
teams based out of Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia and 
Malaysia.
•
 She 
joined CIMB Group in May 2013 as Chief Risk Officer of PT 
Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk.
•
 Prior 
to joining CIMB, she held roles with a few global banks, 
including The Royal Bank of Scotland and ABN AMRO Bank 
where her remit spanned from Corporate Banking Relationship 
Management, Financial Institutions Credit, Trading Credit Risk 
Management, Operational Risk Management and Financial 
Restructuring and Recovery.
•
 Vera 
serves as Non-Independent Board of Commissioner for PT 
Bank CIMB Niaga, as well as Board of Director for CIMB Thai 
PCL.
QUALIFICATION
• Bachelor of Laws (H
ons), University of Sheffield, United Kingdom
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
•
 
Nil
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Oversees 
the Group Legal and Compliance function which is 
responsible for the management of regulatory, legal and 
compliance risks across CIMB Group.
• Appointed as Group Chief 
Integrity & Governance Officer in 
September 2020, to oversee and manage Bribery & Corruption 
issues across CIMB Group.
• H
eld various roles in a foreign bank which included Regional 
Head of Compliance for Malaysia, Australia, Brunei, and Vietnam, 
Head of Wholesale Banking Compliance for Hong Kong, and 
Head of Legal & Compliance for Malaysia.
•
 Prior 
to joining the banking industry, Keen Yew was in private 
practice at a regional law firm and was advising clients on 
projects, as well as banking and finance.
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
41
Gender
Male
Nationality
Indonesian
Age
53
Gender
Female
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
50
Gender
Male
Integrated Annual Report 2023
127
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 130 ----
AMRAN MOHAMAD LAWRENCE LOHAHMAD SHAZLI KAMARULZAMAN
Group Chief Internal Auditor Co-Chief Executive Officer,  
Group Commercial & Transaction Banking
Co-Chief Executive Officer,  
Group Commercial & Transaction Banking
QUALIFICATION
• Bachelor of Commerce in Accountancy, University of Queensland,
 
Australia
• As
ian Financial Leaders Programme (AFLP), Singapore Management 
University and Human Capital Leadership Institute in collaboration 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore
• Institute of Banking and Finance (IBF) Fellow in Corporate Banking
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
•
 
Nil
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• Appointed as Co-Chief Executive Officer 
of Commercial and 
Transaction Banking on 2 October 2023. Lawrence is responsible 
in the growth and innovation of the SME segment in the region. 
He champions the product development, digital enablement, 
beyond banking initiatives as well as CIMB’s sustainability agenda 
for the entire SME and Transaction Banking business.
• Lawrence also leads the CIMB Group’s Transaction Banking
 
business which consist of four main product pillars namely Trade 
Finance, Cash Management, Securities Services and Financial 
Institution serving the Group’s Non-Retail customers across CIMB 
franchise. He drives the strategic direction, growth, product/
service innovation and client management of the Transaction 
Banking pillars.
• La
wrence has more than 24 years of banking experience. Before 
joining CIMB Group, Lawrence was Managing Director and Head 
of Group Business Banking responsible for UOB Group’s Small 
Business segment across its ASEAN markets.
•
 Prior to UOB, he held several key management roles in a global
 
private and investment bank. He also had operational and 
leadership responsibilities in product, analytics and business 
development in consumer and private banking. He began his 
career as a management consultant.
•
 Lawrence holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of
 
Queensland, Australia, and is an alumni of the Asian Financial 
Leaders Programme in collaboration with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. He is also a Fellow – Corporate Banking with the 
Institute of Banking and Finance.
QUALIFICATION
• BSc 
(Hon) Economics and Accounting, University of Bristol, United 
Kingdom
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
•
 Chairman, Sathorn Asset Management Co. (Thailand)
• Chief Executive Officer, Southeast Asia Special Asset Management
 
Berhad
•
 Director, CIMB Bank PLC, Cambodia
•
 Director, CIMB Factorlease Sdn Bhd
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
• As Co-Chief Executive Officer of Group Commercial and
 
Transaction Banking (GCTB), Shazli is jointly responsible in 
overseeing the GCTB division across the region, covering Business 
Banking, SME Banking, Cash Management and Trade Finance 
solutions for the Group. His primary focus is on Business Banking 
which includes strategy, credit, customer management and 
product & services for both Conventional and Islamic Banking. 
He is also responsible for the management of the Group’s Bad 
Bank in Malaysia and Thailand.
•
 Shazli previously headed Commercial Banking Malaysia, where
 
he was instrumental in driving and transforming the Commercial 
Banking Malaysia business, which comprises of Business Banking 
and SME Banking segments. He has also been instrumental in 
the Group’s recovery operations, having set up Group Special 
Asset Management to recover the NPLs for Corporate, 
Commercial/SME and Retail Banking since he joined CIMB in 
2006.
• Prior to joining CIMB, Shazli was one of the pioneers of Malaysia’s
 
national asset management company, Pengurusan Danaharta 
Nasional Berhad (Danaharta) where he oversaw the acquisition 
of NPLs from financial institutions, the correspondent resolution 
processes, as well corporate debt restructuring exercises and 
syndications. Prior to Danaharta he was with Amanah Investment 
Bank Bhd.
QUALIFICATION
•
 Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Accountancy from the University
 
of East Anglia, Norwich, United Kingdom
• F
ellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified 
Accountants (ACCA)
•
 Member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA)
•
 Member of Institute of Internal Auditors Malaysia (IIA)
DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
•
 Chairman, Board of Controllers, CIMB Bank (Vietnam) Limited
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
•
 Ensures that the Group Corporate Assurance Division supports
 
the CIMB Group Audit Committee, CIMB Banking Group Audit 
Committee and other relevant Audit Committees of Group’s 
subsidiaries in discharging their responsibilities, as well as 
managing their respective governance, risk and control functions. 
He oversees the Internal Audit functions across the entire Group.
•
 Amran has over 25 years of audit experience in the areas of
 
capital market, corporate and retail banking gained working in 
Malaysia and the United Kingdom. Amran’s last held position 
before joining CIMB was Senior Vice President, Internal Audit 
with Royal Bank of Scotland in London. He had also previously 
worked with PwC, KPMG, UniCredit Bank and Barclays Capital.
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
49
Gender
Male
Nationality
Malaysian
Age
53
Gender
Male
Nationality
Singaporean
Age
50
Gender
Male
128
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group Management Profile

---- Page 131 ----
GEOGRAPHIES BUSINESS UNITS BUSINESS ENABLERS
Group Chief Executive Officer
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
CEO, Malaysia
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
President Director, Indonesia
Lani Darmawan
CEO, Singapore
Victor Lee Meng Teck
President and CEO, Thailand
Paul Wong Chee Kin
CEO, Cambodia
Bun Yin
Group Chief Financial Officer
Khairul Rifaie
Group Chief Operating and  
People Officer
Gurdip Singh Sidhu
Group Chief Technology and  
Data Officer
Ros Aziah Mohd Yusoff
Group Chief Brand and  
Marketing Officer
Toni Darusman
Co-CEO, Group Wholesale Banking
Chu Kok Wei & Novan Amirudin
Co-CEO, Group Commercial and 
Transaction Banking
Ahmad Shazli Kamarulzaman & 
Lawrence Darius Loh Wai Yin
CEO, Group Consumer and  
Digital Banking
Effendy Shahul Hamid
CEO, Group Islamic Banking
Ahmad Shahriman Mohd Shariff
Group Chief  
Internal Auditor
Amran Mohamad
Group Chief Strategy 
Officer
Mohd Haniz Mohd Nazlan
Group Company Secretary
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir
Corporate Treasurer
Chu Kok Wei
Group Chief 
Legal Counsel 
and Compliance 
Officer
Kwan Keen Yew
Group Chief 
Risk Officer
Vera Handajani
Integrated Annual Report 2023
129
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Group Organisation Structure
31 December 2023

---- Page 132 ----
Chairman’s 
Statement
on Corporate Governance
The growing stakeholder activism is putting 
multiple aspects of the Board performance 
under intense scrutiny – from board 
composition to the quality of conversations 
in the board room, from the board’s 
orientation to enterprise risks, short, 
medium and long term to the effectiveness 
of board decisions and risk governance. Also, 
against the fast-maturing ESG landscape, 
especially in the ASEAN countries where we 
have strong presence, there has been a 
growing expectation on enhanced disclosures 
and more importantly, internalisation of ESG 
strategies towards driving measurable and 
positive impact. CIMB continued to take an 
uncompromising approach towards 
strengthening its governance mechanisms 
and as a result, shaping a resilient and 
responsible financial institution.
DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,
It is my pleasure to present the CIMB 2023 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement.
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
Chairman
130
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE

---- Page 133 ----
In 2023, a lot of emphasis in the CIMB Boardroom has been 
placed on the governance of one of the most critical assets 
of the bank namely #teamCIMB. Investors, globally as well as 
in the ASEAN region, are interested in how the culture of 
organisations reflect their ability to compete, perform and 
thrive in the future. Human capital and the related topics 
such as workers’ rights, workplace policies, diversity, equity 
and inclusion agenda are increasingly viewed as critical for 
managing enterprise risks. A deeper commitment to 
managing performance in these areas, as well as mitigating 
associated risks by promoting our EPICC Culture, remained 
part of Board deliberations.
Much emphasis has also been on strengthening the Board 
Leadership through continuous learning and capability 
building in areas such as sustainable finance, climate 
governance, DEI, and compliance stewardship. For instance, 
beyond just the representation of women on board, 
stakeholders and watch groups are expecting businesses to 
institutionalise processes that foster gender representation 
at all levels in the organisation, with a clear business case 
related to balanced risk perspectives and higher emotional 
quotient that drives value beyond just shareholders. Internal 
checks as well as risk audits and assessments to integrate 
some of these non-financial aspects of business into 
financial performance review were some of the key 
considerations in evolving our governance framework.
The year saw extremely volatile markets and unstable global/
regional/local political and economic environment. As a 
result, there has been more emphasis on Board oversight of 
resource allocation, leadership performance, succession 
planning, business contingency preparedness and risk 
mitigation action. At CIMB, we continued to stress-test our 
strategies in the post-COVID era, while playing by the 
traditional principles of corporate governance – 
transparency, fairness, and accountability.
Throughout the past year, our primary objective has been to ensure that our corporate governance systems remain fit and 
agile to deliver on Forward23+ objectives and respond to unanticipated business exigencies/risks. These challenges included 
accelerating performance while finding new growth opportunities through partnerships and market exploration, navigating 
tightened regulations and new policies that could potentially increase cost of doing business, and most importantly, 
remaining committed to the principles of responsible banking while building a profitable portfolio.
Our Board acknowledges the importance of developing a capability development framework to keep the members and 
decision-making agile. We recognise our responsibilities within the broader regulatory framework and the ESG context, crucial 
for fostering resilience both in our people and the businesses we operate. Group-wide policies are continually reviewed and 
reinforced to stay abreast of evolving governance standards and requirements.
Looking ahead, we remain steadfastly committed to upholding the values of integrity and accountability within our corporate 
governance systems. These systems are designed to consistently serve the best interests of our stakeholders as we continue 
our journey of value creation. Through meticulous controls and mechanisms, our aim is to propel CIMB to become the 
leading focused ASEAN bank, guided by the overarching purpose of moving forward with you.
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
Chairman
“We remain steadfastly committed to upholding the values of 
integrity and accountability within our corporate governance 
systems. These systems are designed to consistently serve the 
best interests of our stakeholders as we continue our journey 
of value creation. Through meticulous controls and 
mechanisms, our aim is to propel CIMB to become the leading 
focused ASEAN bank, guided by the overarching purpose of 
moving forward with you.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
131
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 134 ----
Board Leadership and 
Effectiveness
(27 practices, 3 step-ups)
Effective Audit and  
Risk Management
(8 practices, 2 step-ups)
Integrity in Corporate 
Reporting and Meaningful 
Relationship with Stakeholders
(8 practices)
The primary purpose of this Corporate Governance Overview 
is to provide shareholders with a comprehensive insight into 
CIMB’s corporate governance practices for FYE 2023 and 
how these practices fortify CIMB’s ability to foster long-term 
value by adhering to the three (3) key corporate governance 
principles outlined in the Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance:
This Corporate Governance Overview is crafted in 
accordance with Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad’s Main 
Market Listing Requirements and is to be read together with 
the CIMB Corporate Governance Report 2023, accessible on 
CIMB’s website at www.cimb.com. The Corporate Governance 
Report meticulously outlines how CIMB has implemented 
each practice as set out in the Malaysian Code on 
Corporate Governance throughout FYE 2023.
OUR CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
CIMB’s Corporate Governance Framework, firmly rooted in statutory provisions, regulatory requirements and best 
practices, maintains its integrity amidst adaptation to the ever-evolving landscape of:
(i)
 Companies Act 2016;
(ii)
 Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Listing Requirements);
(iii)
 Policy on Corporate Governance issued by Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM Corporate Governance Policy);
(iv)
 Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance issued by the Securities Commission Malaysia (the Code);
(v)
 Corporate Governance Guide published by Bursa Malaysia;
(vi)
 Minority Shareholders Watch Group Malaysia – ASEAN Corporate Governance Scorecard;
(vii)
 Guidelines on Conduct of Directors of Listed Corporations and Their Subsidiaries published by the Securities
 
Commission Malaysia; and
(viii)
 Development in regional regulations and international market practices.
In 2023, CIMB won a commendable accolade for corporate governance from the National Annual Corporate Report
 
Awards (NACRA) 2023. CIMB was the Platinum winner for the “Excellence Awards - Companies with More Than RM10 
Billion in Market Capitalisation”.
Principle
Principle
Principle
132
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 135 ----
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
Principle
THE ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF OUR BOARD
In formulating CIMB’s strategic direction and vision, our Board conscientiously recognises the pivotal need to cultivate and deliver long-term sustainable values for CIMB’s stakeholders. The 
pursuit is underpinned by the Board’s emphasis on astute leadership through oversight on management and continuous monitoring of the business, performance, conformance to the 
regulations and risk controls. Our Board remains steadfast in its consideration of the environmental, social and governance factors in making its decision in the development and 
implementation of CIMB strategies, business plans, risk management and in the review of its and Management’s performance. Continuous reviews of Group policies and procedures ensure 
CIMB’s alignment with the evolving best governance standards, including prompting the formulation of new frameworks when necessary.
The methodical and comprehensiveness of CIMB’s existing governance framework ensures the orderly discharge of our Board’s roles and responsibilities where the powers of the Board are 
delegated to the relevant Board Committees, the Group Chief Executive Officer (Group CEO) and Management Committees, as depicted below:
Board of Directors
Group-wide  
Committees
Divisional  
Committees
Country-level 
Committees
Business Review 
Committees
Audit  
Committee
Group 
Sustainability & 
Governance 
Committee
Board Risk & 
Compliance 
Committee
Group 
Nomination & 
Remuneration 
Committee
Board Shariah 
Committee
Our Board Charter outlines seven (7) principal roles and 
responsibilities, as follows:
(i)
 Reviewing and adopting a strategic plan;
(ii)
 Overseeing the conduct of the Group’s business;
(iii)
 Identifying principal risks and ensuring the implementation of
 
appropriate internal controls and mitigation measures;
(iv)
 Succession planning of the Board and Senior Management;
(v)
 Overseeing the development and implementation of a
 
Communications Policy;
(vi)
 Overseeing the implementation of the Group’s governance
 
framework and internal control framework and periodically 
reviewing the adequacy and the integrity of the management 
information and internal controls system to ensure they remain 
appropriate in light of material changes to the size, nature and 
complexity of the Group’s operations; and
(vii)
 Overseeing the development and implementation of a
 
sustainability framework.
Our Board has a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for 
its decision and delegated matters, details of which can be found in 
our Board Charter, available on CIMB’s corporate website at www.
cimb.com. To ensure that it remains relevant and at the pinnacle of 
best governance practices, the Board Charter undergoes a review 
every three (3) years or as and when necessary. The last review was 
conducted in 4Q 2023 and was tabled for approval and adoption by 
the Board in April 2024.
Group Chief Executive Officer
Group Executive Committee
Integrated Annual Report 2023
133
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 136 ----
Throughout FYE 2023, our Board demonstrated unwavering commitment to ensuring CIMB’s governance structure remained 
resilient. Tests were conducted against a spectrum of stressors, most notably post-pandemic recovery strategies, 
unanticipated economic shocks, the pressure of supporting customers and clients, and the escalating threat of financial 
cyber-crimes while pursuing optimal profitability. Other matters under the Board’s oversight include the following:
Main Areas of Oversight in 
FYE 2023Key Matters Reviewed/Deliberated/Approved
•
 Strategic/Business Plans and
 
Management’s Performance in 
Implementing the Strategies 
and Plans
•
 Annual Budget
•
 Principal Risks, Appropriate
 
Internal Controls and 
Mitigation Measures
•
 Succession Planning
•
 Communications Policy
•
 Governance and Integrity
 
Framework
•
 Group CEO’s and Directors’
 
Appointments and their 
Emoluments and Benefits
•
 Annual Effectiveness and
 
Performance of the Board 
Committees
•
 Financial Statements and
 
Interim Dividend
•
 Corporate Organisation
 
Structure
•
 Bank Negara Malaysia’s Risk
 
Management and Scenario 
Analysis Policy Document
•
 CIMB’s Net Zero Targets and
 
Whitepaper
•
 Annual Budget
•
 Group CEO’s Quarterly Report
•
 Quarterly Capital Management Update
•
 Quarterly Shareholder Statistics Update
•
 Quarterly Report on Directors’ Training,
 
Directorships and Summary of Dealings 
Outside of Closed Period
•
 Reports from Board Committees
•
 Group Risk Posture
•
 Financial Statements
•
 Interim Dividends and Dividend
 
Reinvestment Scheme
•
 Formalisation of/Updates to Group
 
Policies
•
 Re-Appointment of External Auditors
 
for FYE 2022
•
 Business Units Updates and Projects
•
 Basel II/Pillar 3 Disclosures
•
 Performance Assessment and
 
Proposed Compensation for Executive 
Director
•
 Revision to Terms of References of
 
Board or Board Committees
•
 Compliance Work Plan
•
 Annual Evaluation Exercise for Board
 
and Key Responsible Persons
•
 Forward23+ Strategy
•
 Annual Insurance Programme Renewal
•
 Touch & Go Related Matters
•
 Sustainability Framework, Policy and
 
Progress, including material matters 
such as climate change and financial 
inclusion
•
 The Group’s sustainability scorecard
 
and performance to-date
•
 Group’s Net Zero strategy and 2030
 
climate targets
•
 New targets for financial inclusion
•
 Covid-19 Impact Analysis and Risk
 
Updates
•
 Proposed Sukuk Programme
•
 Business and Strategic Plan
•
 Corporate Structure Streamlining
•
 Group Technology Blueprint
•
 Composite Risk Rating
•
 Regulatory Updates
•
 Brand Strategy Framework
SEPARATION OF ROLES OF THE 
CHAIRPERSON AND GROUP CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
CIMB recognises the paramount significance of clearly 
distinguishing the responsibilities of the Chairperson and the 
Group CEO. The roles of the Board Chairperson and Group 
CEO are entrusted to separate individuals, cultivating an 
optimal balance that results in heightened accountability and 
enriched decision-making efficacy.
Our Board is helmed by Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad, an 
Independent Non-Executive Director (INED), who plays an 
instrumental role in ensuring the Board operates effectively 
and fully discharges its legal and regulatory responsibilities. 
As the Chairperson, he also steers the Board in the 
oversight of Management and instils the right culture, values, 
and behaviours throughout the organisation. The 
Chairperson is not a member of the Audit Committee and 
the Group Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
Notwithstanding that Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad is an 
Independent Chairperson, the Board nevertheless retained 
the role of Senior Independent Director (SID), whose role is 
to serve as a sounding Board to the Chairperson, a 
representative of the Non-Executive Directors and also acts 
as an additional point of contact for all stakeholders who 
wish to convey any concerns in relation to CIMB. The Board 
has designated En Afzal Abdul Rahim as the new SID.
The roles of the Chairperson, SID, and Group CEO are 
elaborately specified in the Board Charter, which is available 
on CIMB’s corporate website at www.cimb.com.
134
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 137 ----
DELEGATION BY THE BOARD TO 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Our Board delegates responsibility for the comprehensive 
oversight of CIMB’s operations and day-to-day affairs to the 
Group CEO, Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad. The Group CEO 
assumes the responsibility of leading the Management and 
for making and implementing operational decisions, 
supported by the Group Executive Committee (GEXCO) and 
other Management Committees. The Business Review 
Committees for Countries and Business Divisions continue to 
provide a platform for the Group CEO to scrutinise the 
performance and pivotal strategic aspects of the respective 
countries’ entities and business divisions. These Business 
Review Committees allow the Group CEO to monitor and 
evaluate the alignment of core programmes against the 
agreed strategies and roadmap while providing regular 
feedback to Management to ensure prompt corrective 
actions as required.
DELEGATION BY THE BOARD TO THE 
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has delegated authority upon distinct Board 
Committees, endowing them to oversee certain specific 
responsibilities based on their terms of reference. The terms 
of reference of each Board Committee meticulously set out 
the responsibilities of the Board Committee, conduct of 
meetings including quorum, voting requirements, and Board 
Committee membership, if any. All of our Board Committees 
exclusively comprise of only Non-Executive Directors. Any 
changes or amendments to the terms of reference for any 
Board Committee necessitate approval from the Board. The 
minutes of Board Committee meetings, which record the key 
deliberations and decisions made during these meetings, are 
tabled to all Board members for their information. During 
every Board meeting, the Chairperson of each Board 
Committee will provide succinct updates on significant 
matters discussed at the Board Committee meetings, 
typically scheduled before the Board meeting.
The members, objective(s), main areas of oversight, and key matters discussed at the Board Committees are summarised as 
follows:
AUDIT COMMITTEE (AC)
Members:
1.
 Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd
 
Din  
– Chairperson/INED
2.
 Ms Ho Yuet Mee
  
– Member/INED
3.
 Datin Azlina Mahmad
  
–  
Member/INED  
(Appointed on 1 May 2023)
Objective:
To support the CIMB Board in 
ensuring a reliable and 
transparent financial reporting 
process within CIMB and its 
subsidiaries, and to review the 
corporate governance practices 
and internal control system to 
ensure checks and balances 
within the Group.
Main Areas of Oversight:
•
 Financial Reporting
•
 Internal Controls
•
 Internal Audit Function
•
 External Audit Reports
•
 Related 
Party Transactions
•
 Corporate Governance
 
Disclosures
•
 Board’s Conflicts of
 
Interest Policy
Key Matters Discussed:
•
 Matters relating to CIMB, three Malaysia Banking
 
Entities and Regional Subsidiaries
•
 Matters relating to other Non-Banking Subsidiaries
 
of the Group
•
 Review of Financial Results and Approval of
 
Financial Statement
•
 Related Party Transactions
•
 MFRS/IFRS 9 Updates
•
 Audit and Non-Audit Services provided by External
 
Auditors
•
 PwC Audit Committee and Internal Controls Report
 
for FYE 31 December 2023
•
 PwC Early Warning Report for FYE 31 December
 
2023
–
 PwC Transparency Report
–
 PwC Audit Plan
–
 Reappointment of External Auditors
–
 CIMB Singapore Branch: Auditor’s Long Form
 
Report for FYE 31 December 2023
–
 CIMB Singapore Branch: Independent Review of
 
its Business Relations with Customers Who Are 
Persons of Interest
–
 Prohibited and Permitted Non-Audit Services for
 
Group External Auditors
•
 Credit Related Control Issues
  
– Management’s Action Plans
•
 Group Corporate Assurance Division (GCAD),
 
Internal Audit Plan for 2023
•
 GCAD Forward23+ Progress Update
•
 External Quality Assurance Review Report on GCAD
•
 GCAD 2024 Audit Plan & Resource Requirement
–
 GCAD 2024 Financial Budget
–
 GCAD 2024 and Group Chief Internal Auditor
 
(GCIA) Scorecard
–
 AC Evaluation on GCAD and GCIA Performance
 
for 2023
–
 Terms of Reference of Audit Committee
–
 BNM Composite Risk Rating
–
 Red Team Exercise Report
–
 Documents pertaining to Annual Report 2023
Principle
Integrated Annual Report 2023
135
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 138 ----
BOARD RISK AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE (BRCC)
Members:
1.
 En Didi Syafruddin Yahya
  
– Chairperson/INED
2.
 Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
  
– Member/INED
3.
 Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din
  
– Member/INED
4.
 Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan
  
– 
 Member/Non-Independent Non-Executive
 
Director (NINED)
Objective:
1.
 To provide oversight and advice to CIMB
 
Board and Management in respect of all 
risks undertaken by the Group and future 
risk strategy, including determination of risk 
appetite.
2.
 To provide oversight and advice to the
 
Board and Management in respect of the 
management of compliance risk.
Main Areas of Oversight:
•
 Risk Appetite and Risk Posture
•
 Risk Governance
•
 Risk Frameworks
•
 Risk Management Practices and Policies
•
 Risk Strategy
•
 Compliance Risk
•
 Risk and Compliance Culture
•
 Oversight on IT Risks
•
 Compliance Framework
•
 Anti-Money Laundering/Counter
 
Financing Terrorism Risk Appetite
•
 Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering/
Counter Financing Terrorism Strategy
•
 Recovery Planning
•
 Third Party Risk Management
Key Matters Discussed:
•
 Macroeconomic Outlook
•
 Group Risk Reports:
–
 Group Risk Appetite Dashboard
–
 Asset Quality Heatmap
–
 Compliance to the 2023 Risk Posture
–
 International Offices Risk Appetite Dashboard
–
 Non-Financial Risk & Business Continuity Management Update
•
 Sustainability Risk
•
 Sustainability progress on key targets including GSSIPS, GHG operational emissions,
 
sustainability training, employee volunteering hours and disbursement of 
community investment
•
 Group Legal & Compliance Report
•
 FYE 2022 Annual Performance Review for Group Chief Risk Officer and Group
 
Chief Legal & Compliance Officer
•
 Risk Appetite Statement for FYE 2023
•
 Customer Experience (CX) Performance
•
 Overview of China Exposure
•
 Revised 2023 Risk Appetite Statement for CIMB Group
•
 Approved the Third Party Risk Management Framework, which superseded the
 
Group Outsourcing Policy & Procedures and Partnership Risk Policy
•
 Approved the Business Continuity Management (BCM) Framework and Revision of
 
BCM Policy
136
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 139 ----
GROUP NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (GNRC)
Members:
1.
 En Didi Syafruddin Yahya
  
– 
 Chairperson/INED (Re-designated as
 
Chairperson on 8 October 2023)
2.
 Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din
  
– Member/INED
3.
 Ms Shulamite N K Khoo
  
– Member/INED
4.
 En Afzal Abdul Rahim
  
– Member/SID
5.
 Datin Azlina Mahmad
  
– 
 Member/INED (Appointed on 6 October 2023)
Objective:
1
. To support the Board in carrying out its
 
functions by providing a transparent and 
consistent procedure concerning the Board, 
Board Committees, individual Directors, CEO/
Executive Director (ED) and Senior Management 
Officers (SMOs) pertaining to appointments and 
removals, composition; and annual evaluation.
2.
 To support the Board in overseeing the design
 
and operation of the Group’s remuneration 
framework by providing a transparent and 
consistent procedure for developing Policies and 
Procedures for Directors, Members of the Board 
Committees and employees of the Group. The 
remuneration framework must be competitive 
and consistent with the culture, objectives, 
strategy and the existing remuneration 
guidelines and framework of the Group.
3.
 To review the remuneration of Directors of
 
the Group Boards, Members of the Board 
Committees, CEOs/EDs, SMOs and Material 
Risk Takers (MRTs), particularly on whether the 
remuneration remains appropriate vis-à-vis 
their contribution, taking into account the level 
of expertise, commitment and responsibilities 
undertaken.
Main Areas of Oversight:
•
 Boards’ and Board Committees’
 
Composition by undertaking the 
process of identifying, among others, 
the experience and quality of Directors 
aligned with CIMB’s strategic direction
•
 Annual Evaluation exercise comprising:
–
 Board Effectiveness Assessment
–
 Fit and Proper Assessment of
 
Directors, CEOs/EDs, Group Shariah 
Committee Members & Company 
Secretary
•
 Succession planning for Boards, Board
 
Committees and CEOs/EDs and Senior 
Management
•
 Remuneration packages based on the
 
Group’s existing remuneration guidelines 
and framework for Directors, members 
of the Board Committees, CEOs/EDs, 
Senior Officers (SOs), MRTs
•
 Governance matters in relation to the
 
Board and Directors
•
 Directors’ Development Plans
Key Matters Discussed:
•
 2022 Review by Control Functions
•
 Long-Term Incentive Plan
•
 Board and Board Committees’ Composition
•
 Annual Evaluation Exercise
•
 Remuneration of Board, Group CEO/EDs, SOs and MRTs
•
 Setting of KPIs for Group CEO/ED and SOs
•
 Policies and Updates on Corporate Governance of the Group
•
 Directors’ Development Plan
•
 Renewal of Appointment of Directors with BNM
•
 Appointment of Board Shariah Committee Members
•
 Streamlining of Boards and Board Committees of CIMB Group
•
 Board and Committee Succession Planning
•
 Diversity on the Board and Senior Management
•
 Update to Succession Planning for SOs
•
 Appointment of New SOs
•
 Fit and Proper Assessment
•
 Board Effectiveness Assessment Results
•
 Assessment of the Potential Candidates for the Position of Country CEO and SOs
•
 Leadership Changes for CIMB Group
•
 Appointment of Board Search Firm
•
 Reappointment of Retiring Directors at Annual General Meeting and Renewal of
 
Directors Appointment with BNM for Tenures Expiring in 2023/2024
•
 Review of Board Remuneration to Directors for Subsidiaries
•
 Group Remuneration Policy and Remuneration Disclosures
•
 Board Composition and Skill Set Framework
•
 Board Governance Framework
Principle
Integrated Annual Report 2023
137
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 140 ----
GROUP SUSTAINABILITY AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE (GSGC)
Members:
1.
 Ms Ho Yuet Mee
  
– 
 Chairperson/INED (Re-designated as
 
Chairperson on 8 October 2023)
2.
 Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
  
– Member/INED
3.
 Ms Shulamite N K Khoo
  
– Member/INED
4.
 En Didi Syafruddin Yahya
  
– Member/INED
5.
 Dr Nurmazilah Dato’ Mahzan
  
– 
 Member/INED (Appointed on 9 November
 
2023)
6.
 Ms Tan Ting Min
  
– 
 Member/INED (Appointed on 9 November
 
2023)
Objective:
The GSGC’s primary objective is to assist the Board 
in fulfilling its responsibilities in:
1.
 Advocating and fostering the ethical conduct,
 
integrity culture and sustainability mind-set 
across CIMB and its Group.
2.
 Providing oversight, advice and direction on the
 
development and implementation of strategies, 
frameworks, and policies for all of our material 
matters including but not limited to climate 
change and financial inclusion.
3.
 Overseeing the management of bribery,
 
corruption and other related risks and the 
consequence management of breaches thereof.
Main Areas of Oversight:
•
 Advocates and fosters a culture/DNA
 
of sustainability, ethical conduct, and 
integrity across the Group
•
 Provides oversight and input to
 
the Management’s implementation, 
operation and assurance of policies 
and standards in alignment with the 
CIMB Group’s sustainability and climate 
change strategy
•
 Takes a proactive approach to create a
 
net positive impact on Environmental, 
Social and Governance material matters 
arising from the Group’s capacity as 
a lender/financier, investor, service 
provider, purchaser, operator, advisor, 
business partner, sponsor, corporate 
donor, or as an employer
•
 Oversees the management of bribery,
 
corruption, and other related risks, as 
well as the consequence management 
of breaches thereof
•
 The Group’s climate scorecard and
 
performance to-date
•
 Reporting of the Group’s Scope 1 & 2
 
GHG emissions reduction measures and 
performance
•
 Progress and new target for sustainable
 
finance
•
 New targets for financial inclusion
•
 Strategies for Corporate Social
 
Responsibility
Key Matters Discussed:
•
 Market, regulatory and policy developments on sustainability
•
 International and local sustainability guidelines, reporting standards, such as IFRS
 
S1 and S2, and frameworks
•
 Sustainability strategies, roadmap, and targets to strengthen our approach in
 
minimising negative impacts while creating positive impacts
•
 Policy commitments on topics related to our material issues
•
 Climate risk management, strategy to achieve Net Zero by 2050
•
 Climate change targets and portfolio-level physical and transition risks
•
 Establishment of the Group’s Net Zero strategy and targets, including 2030 climate
 
targets for Palm Oil and Power portfolios, transition plans for Thermal Coal, 
Cement, Palm Oil and Power portfolios and Net Zero Whitepaper publication
•
 Establishment of methodology, assumptions, challenges and preliminary outcomes
 
of the Group’s Climate Scenario Analysis proof-of-concept
•
 Sustainable and responsible finance goals and approaches
•
 Sustainability culture, values and leadership
•
 Sustainability risks and implications to the financial system
•
 Review of Sustainability Strategy and Roadmap and Sustainability Commitments,
 
including Net Zero 2050 Commitment and No Deforestation, No Peat and No 
Exploitation requirements
•
 Overview of Integrity and Governance Unit Function
•
 Discussion on Corporate Green Power Programme and Carbon Credit Purchase
•
 The Cooler Earth Summit, an annual event focusing on sustainability initiatives and
 
strategies
•
 Green Social Sustainable Impact Products and Services (GSSIPS)
•
 Financial Inclusion
•
 Climate Change Sector Specific Net Zero Pathways
•
 Climate Change Regulations such as the Climate Change and Principle-based
 
Taxonomy (CCPT) and Climate Risk Management & Scenario Analysis Policy 
Document (CRMSA) and Climate Scenario Analysis
•
 Disclosures against Reporting Standards such as IFRS S1 and IFRS S2
•
 Financial Inclusion Targets
•
 Corporate Social Responsibility Strategies
The roles, responsibilities, and terms of the Board Shariah Committee are stated under the Board Shariah Committee Report. The 
terms of reference of the Board Committees can be found 
on CIMB’s corporate website at www.cimb.com.
138
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 141 ----
INDEPENDENT BOARD
Following the retirement of Mr Robert Neil Coombe, our Board had, on 1 May 2023, appointed Datin Azlina Mahmad as an 
INED replacing the former. En Afzal was re-designated to Senior Independent Director on 8 October 2023. Our Board had 
considered the skills, background experience, and contribution of Datin Azlina Mahmad before appointing her to the Board. 
Datin Azlina Mahmad was also appointed as a member of the AC on 1 May 2023 and later the GNRC, with effect from 
6 October
	2023.
	With
	Datin
	Azlina
	Mahmad
	on
	board,
	the
	number
	of
	INED
	is
	now
	seven
	(7)
	in
	FYE
	2023.
Upon Ms Teoh Su Yin’s retirement on 7 October 2023:
(i)
 En Afzal Abdul Rahim was appointed as the new SID on 8 October 2023;
(ii)
 En Didi Syafruddin Yahya was appointed as the new Chairperson of the GNRC on 8 October 2023;
(iii)
 Ms Ho Yuet Mee was appointed as the new Chairperson of the GSGC on 8 October 2023; and
(iv)
 Mr Raymond Yeoh Cheng Seong was appointed as the new Chairperson of CIMB Investment Bank Board on 1
 
November 2023.
Our Board had, as part of the Fit and Proper assessment for any appointments of a new Director, evaluated and was 
satisfied that all the seven (7) INEDs met the independence criteria and were able to act in an independent and objective 
manner. During the Fit and Proper assessment, the INEDs also declared and affirmed their independence based on the 
independence criteria set out in the Board Charter, which is crafted pursuant to the Code, Bank Negara Corporate 
Governance Policy, and Listing Requirements.
Independent Non-Executive Directors 
(INEDs)
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad (Chairperson)
Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din
En Afzal Abdul Rahim
En Didi Syafruddin Yahya
Ms Shulamite N K Khoo
Ms Ho Yuet Mee
Datin Azlina Mahmad
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
(NINED)Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan
Executive Director/Group CEO Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
BOARD SIZE, COMPOSITION AND DIVERSITY
As at 31 December 2023, our Board consisted of 9 members:
Additionally, all the INEDs had, during the annual Fit and 
Proper assessments, undertook that there was no change in 
their circumstances since the last annual undertaking that 
may affect their independence. Each INED is also obligated 
to inform our Board of any circumstances that could impair 
his or her independence.
As at 31 December 2023, each of the INEDs, including the 
Chairperson, were considered to be independent of the 
Management and free from any significant business or other 
relationships which could interfere with the exercise of 
independent judgment or their ability to act in the best 
interests of CIMB and one who:
(i)
 is not an Executive Director or an officer of CIMB, its
 
subsidiaries or any related corporations of CIMB within 
the last 2 years;
(ii)
 is not a family member of any Executive Director,
 
officer or major shareholder of CIMB or its subsidiaries;
(iii)
 has not been engaged as a professional adviser by
 
CIMB or is not presently a partner, director (except as 
an independent director) or a major shareholder, as 
the case may be, of an entity which provides 
professional advisory services to CIMB;
(iv)
 has not engaged in any transaction with CIMB or is not
 
presently a partner, Director or a major shareholder, as 
the case may be, of CIMB (other than subsidiaries of 
CIMB), which had been engaged in any transaction with 
CIMB;
(v)
 has not been a partner or employee of CIMB Group’s
 
external auditor during the past year;
(vi)
 must not have a significant business or other
 
contractual relationship with CIMB or any of its 
affiliates; and
(vii)
 is not involved in any business or relationship which
 
the Board deems may pose a conflict of interest to 
CIMB.
Principle
Integrated Annual Report 2023
139
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 142 ----
BOARD DIVERSITY
Our Board has the Board Diversity Framework in place, a comprehensive guideline 
applicable to all the Directors of CIMB Group. The Framework sets out the principles on 
diversity on the Boards, providing a foundation for determining the optimum composition of 
the Board and, when possible, should be balanced appropriately. The five (5) key principles 
considered are independence, skills and experience, gender, cultural background and age to 
ensure that CIMB Group can leverage the full spectrum of all available talent. The said 
Framework is available on CIMB’s corporate website at www.cimb.com.
Since its implementation in FYE 2022, the Board Composition and Skill Set Framework 
continues to complement the Board Diversity Framework, which serves as a structural 
blueprint for Board composition and industry experience/skill set analysis that could be used 
to ensure CIMB Group Boards have the appropriate size and composition, experience, skill 
set and diversity. The Board Composition and Skill Set Framework will be reviewed annually 
and amended as and when required to accommodate any changes and challenges 
pertaining to business, market dynamics and regulatory landscapes.
After taking into account the need to have operational diversity aligned with business needs, 
regulatory expectations, and shareholder anticipations, our Board had identified 
competencies in the areas of operations, risk management, investment/corporate finance, 
business management/corporate leadership, accounting/audit/finance, technology, legal, 
human resources, and sustainability. The Board emphasises substantial experience, 
predominantly in the banking industry and other financial services, as the primary skill set 
for the Board. As at 31 December 2023, 90% of the Board members have been assessed 
to have experience and expertise in banking and other financial services industries. Periodic 
analysis of the Board composition and diversity will be conducted systematically to ensure 
adherence to the guiding principles in the Board Composition and Skill Set Framework.
During FYE 2023, none of the INED had surpassed the tenure of more than nine (9) years 
from the date of their initial appointment. This is in adherence to CIMB’s Board Charter, 
which limits an independent director’s tenure of service to a maximum of nine (9) years. As 
at 31 December 2023, 22% of the Board members had served less than 3 years, 45% had 
served between 3 and 6 years and 33% are long-serving Directors having served 6 years or 
more. The average tenure of appointment as of 31 December 2023 stands at 4.4 years.
The Board had maintained 30% women representation in line with the recommendation of 
the Code. The Board had also met the mandated minimum requirement by appointing at 
least one (1) member who is below 50 years old as outlined in the Board Composition and 
Skill Set Framework. This strategic step seeks to foster the Board with fresh, innovative and 
constructive ideas and perspectives from younger generational talents.
CIMB’s Board composition, tenure and diversity as at 31 December 2023 are illustrated 
below:
CIMB’s Board Diversity
Size
Skill
Tenure
140
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 143 ----
Principle
Age
Gender
Nationality
BOARD APPOINTMENT AND SUCCESSION PLANNING
The oversight on the overall composition of the Board and Board Committees resides within 
the GNRC. The GNRC comprises five (5) members, all of whom (including En Didi Syafruddin 
Yahya, the Chairperson) are INEDs.
The Board Composition and Skill Set Framework, established in 2022, lays out certain 
guiding principles for the GNRC’s assessment in the identification, nomination and selection 
of a new Director while concurrently addressing the Board succession planning. The guiding 
principles ascertain the essential primary skills and experiences and specify the minimum 
number of Board members required for each skill set and other governance requirements 
on board size, tenure of appointment, age, and gender.
In addition to the above, the number of external commitments (limitation is set out in the 
Board Charter) and behaviours likely to be demonstrated by potential Non-Executive 
Directors will also be considered by the GNRC during interview sessions for new 
appointments to ensure an environment in which challenge is expected, achieved and 
maintained in the boardroom. Pursuant to the Companies Act 2016, the existing Directors 
will be subjected to re-election every three (3) years.
Prospective candidates deemed suitable will be identified to occupy vacancies on the Board 
and Board Committees as and when they arise. On 1 June 2022, an external search firm 
was appointed to facilitate the sourcing and placement of Board candidates. The GNRC also 
has access to an extensive pool of candidates, which includes recommendations by 
incumbent Board members, major shareholders, Management and through external sources 
such as the Directors’ Register by FIDE FORUM, BNM and Perbadanan Insurans Deposit 
Malaysia, as well as affiliations with professional associations.
BOARD EFFECTIVENESS ASSESSMENT
GNRC performs the Board Effectiveness Assessment (BEA) exercise on an annual basis to 
determine whether the Board and Board Committees are performing effectively and identify 
steps for improvement. Once every three (3) years, GNRC obtains an independent 
perspective on the Board’s effectiveness to gain insights into the Board’s performance 
against peer boards and best practices. An external firm was last engaged to conduct the 
Board performance evaluation for FYE 2022.
GNRC, facilitated by the Group Company Secretary, had appointed an external consultant in 
June 2023 to perform the FYE 2022 BEA exercise. The external consultant appointed in 
2023 has an in-depth understanding of the CIMB business since the Group had previously 
appointed them to perform the FYE 2019 BEA exercise. Additionally, the external consultant 
offers extensive methodology and approach in the BEA exercise, which include:
(i)
 Questionnaire on Board effectiveness;
(ii)
 Interview with the Board of Directors;
(iii)
 Review on Board processes, diversity, and Board composition;
(iv)
 Leadership assessment;
(v)
 Board dynamics assessment; and
(vi)
 Action planning workshop.
In essence, the result of the BEA yielded a favourable outcome, affirming the effectiveness
 
of the Board, Board Committees and individual Directors in the discharge of their roles. 
Presentation to the GNRC and the Board had also been completed in February 2024 and 
March 2024, respectively.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
141
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 144 ----
The BEA exercise also pinpointed the following focal points 
for improvement:
(i)
 Definition of the Board’s role and focus areas in line
 
with CIMB’s strategic direction towards 2030, with 
consideration of achieving equilibrium between 
regulatory compliance and strategic planning
(ii)
 Introduction of specialised Board learning programs,
 
interactive sharing sessions, offsite engagements, and 
insights from subject matter experts to deepen 
understanding and proficiency in key topical trends 
such as ESG, Digitalisation, Cybersecurity, and others;
(iii)
 Preparation for a succession pipeline for the Board, e.g.
 
new Chairman, in preparation for potential leadership 
changes and in line with CIMB’s strategic direction
(iv)
 To consider recruitment of Directors with
 
Transformation and Technology expertise who are able 
to provide regional perspective;
(v)
 To conduct a Management Leadership style assessment
 
to understand the mix between the new Chairman, 
Directors and Management Leadership styles;
(vi)
 To adhere to the allocated timeslot for each agenda
 
item rigorously as a means to encourage concise 
discussion and to prevent any single topic from 
dominating the entire meeting session;
(vii)
 To consider the appointment of external expertise and
 
subject matter experts when needed; and
(viii)
 Re-evaluation of the distribution of responsibilities, the
 
number of positions held, and the frequency of 
meetings for Directors, particularly those concurrently 
serving on multiple Boards and committees, with a 
focus on optimising time spent in Board and 
committee meetings.
The conclusion drawn from the BEA also stands as a 
compass in the re-appointment of the Directors, Board 
Committees’ membership appointment and potential 
restructuring of Board/Board Committees.
DIRECTORS’ DEVELOPMENT
Our Board has in place the Directors’ Development Plan for 
Directors since July 2017. The Plan outlines induction 
programmes, mandatory trainings and development areas 
required and expected for the Directors based on their 
length of tenure and/or seniority.
With the establishment of the Board Composition and Skill 
Set Framework in 2022, a survey was conducted, which 
provided each Director the opportunity to (i) self-assess his/
her level of competencies based on the skill sets set out in 
the said Framework, (ii) identify his/her other skill sets and 
level of competencies as well as to (iii) ascertain skill sets 
that he/she aspires to newly acquire or strengthen. The 
survey result is being utilised and the biannual survey will 
be conducted in 1Q 2024 as it is instrumental in the 
continuous development programmes curated for the 
Directors.
Our Board continuously monitors the frequency and quality 
of training sessions attended by its members. The Group 
Company Secretary reports the status of the trainings 
attended by each Board member every quarter. In FYE 
2023, our Board members had attended various training 
programmes in the areas of accounting and audit, capital 
market and financial industry, governance, information 
technology, Islamic Banking, leadership and strategy, risk 
management and sustainability.
DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION 
FRAMEWORK
The CIMB Group Directors’ Remuneration Framework sets 
out the methodology and formula on how retainer fees, 
Chairperson’s premium and meeting fees of the Board are 
derived, as follows:
•
 Comparison against CIMB’s industry peers;
•
 BNM FIDE Forum Directors’ Remuneration Report 2015
 
formula; and
•
 Back testing the data against closest peers.
The adoption of this Framework has been approved by the
 
shareholders at the 60th Annual General Meeting held in 
2017. This Framework is tailored to recognise the 
contribution of the Directors in relation to their fiduciary 
duties and statutory responsibilities, risks, and time 
commitment. Additionally, the Framework serves as an 
instrument in attracting and retaining Directors with the 
desired experience and skills from various sectors.
This Framework is reviewed every three (3) years by the 
Board through the GNRC. As an instance, to ensure market 
competitiveness, a review was conducted in FYE 2021, which 
included entitlement for medical benefits (including 
outpatient and dental, hospitalisation, and executive health 
screening) to all Board members, excluding CIMB’s Executive 
Directors or any Directors concurrently serving as an 
Executive elsewhere. In the 4Q of 2023, the GNRC agreed 
that a thorough review of the Framework was long due and 
subsequently, upon the Board’s approval in February 2024, 
an external consultant was appointed to perform market 
comparison, benchmarking and the proposed Remuneration 
Framework.
142
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 145 ----
Principle
The current CIMB Group Directors’ Remuneration Framework is as follows:
CIMB
Retainer Fees
(RM per 
annum)
Chairperson’s 
Premium
(RM per 
annum)
Meeting Fees
(RM per 
meeting)
Board Chairperson#*
Member#
170,000
170,000
510,000
N/A
5,000
5,000
Board Committees Chairperson
Member
N/A
N/A
100,000
N/A
5,000
5,000
Notes:
# All Board members (excluding CIMB’s Executive Director or any Director who serves as an Executive elsewhere) are 
eligible to medical benefits i.e., outpatient and dental, hospitalisation, and executive health screening.
*
 The Chairperson also 
receives benefits in kind, which include car maintenance, petrol and toll cards, a personal 
driver, leave passage, corporate club membership fees, a mobile phone and bill, a personal bodyguard, and a 
security guard.
The Directors are also safeguarded by Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance for any 
liabilities incurred in discharging their duties, excluding instances of fraud, dishonesty, and 
any personal profit or advantage. The details of each Director’s received/receivable 
remuneration and the insurance premium are disclosed under Notes of the Financial 
Statement 2023.
EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION POLICY
The CIMB Group Remuneration Policy, which has been reviewed by the GNRC and approved 
by the Board, applies to all subsidiaries and overseas offices within CIMB and acts as a 
guiding principle in relation to the design and management of CIMB’s remuneration 
programmes. Three key principles of CIMB’s Remuneration Policy are as follows:
Principle Purpose Approach
Strong 
governance
To ensure strong and 
independent oversight of 
the remuneration system
•
 Oversight and review by GNRC
•
 Guided by input from control functions,
 
AC and BRCC
Appropriate 
assessment of 
performance
To support a 
performance based 
culture which promotes 
prudent risk-taking and 
long-term sustainability
•
 Performance measurement through
 
balanced scorecard which includes both 
financial and non-financial goals, 
short-term and long-term perspectives 
and incorporates measures related to 
risk, compliance and process controls.
•
 Financial goals include profitability and
 
return on equity (ROE). Additional 
risk-adjusted metrics such as risk- 
adjusted return on capital (RAROC) are 
also measured and tracked.
•
 Deferral, malus and clawback
 
arrangements in variable remuneration 
schemes.
Market 
competitiveness
To offer rewards that 
allow CIMB to attract, 
motivate and retain the 
right talent
•
 Benchmarking against similar
 
organisations in the geographies and 
industries in which CIMB operate.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
143
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 146 ----
COMPONENTS OF REMUNERATION
Employee remuneration is composed of two main components – fixed and variable:
Components Composition Purpose and Approach
Fixed Consists of base salary 
and fixed allowances
•
 Determined based on skills,
 
competencies, responsibilities and 
performance of the employee, taking 
into consideration market competitive 
levels.
Variable Payable through annual 
cash bonus and share-
based plans (through 
participation in the Equity 
Ownership Plan and/or 
Long Term Incentive Plan, 
as described below)
•
 Purpose of motivating, rewarding and
 
retaining high-performing employees 
who generate shareholder value and 
contribute to the success of the Group.
•
 Performance-based and not
 
guaranteed, reflecting the individual 
employee’s performance and business 
unit or function performance as well as 
the Group’s results.
•
 Portions of cash bonus may be subject
 
to deferral.
•
 Based on a selection criterion, shares
 
and/or share options may be awarded 
to employees through participation in 
the Group’s Equity Ownership Plan 
and/or Long Term Incentive Plan.
The Equity Ownership Plan (EOP) and Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) serve as the Group’s 
share-based plans, with the intent of:
•
 aligning the interests of key personnel to that of shareholders;
•
 mitigating a short-term mindset and cultivating a focus towards long-term sustainability;
 
and
•
 retaining key personnel with the Group.
Shares under EOP are released progressively to the participants over three (3) years. Over 
the last five (5) years, 51 million shares (0.5% of issued ordinary shares of the Group) have 
been transferred to senior management employees via EOP.
The LTIP is a 7-year plan where shares and share options are vested in 2024 and 2025 and 
are subject to performance conditions set in line with the Group’s strategy and targets. 
Since implementation in FYE 2021, LTIP grants consisting of shares and share options (2.3% 
of issued ordinary shares) have been awarded to top executives and key leaders of the 
Group, as disclosed in the financial statements.
Any deferred variable remuneration (cash bonus, shares and/or share options) that has 
been awarded to employees (whether paid and/or vested, or unpaid and/or unvested) is 
subject to forfeiture, adjustment or clawback in the event of:
•
 Resignation or cessation of employment with the Group
•
 Misconduct
•
 Material restatement of financial results
•
 Breach of statutory or fiduciary duties
•
 Material adverse impact on the reputation or interest of the Group
The mean annual compensation of all employees (excluding Group CEO) is broadly
 
RM169,000. The ratio between the total annual compensation of the Group CEO and the 
mean annual compensation of all employees (excluding Group CEO) is 59.
MEASUREMENT OF PERFORMANCE
The Group’s performance is determined in accordance with a balanced scorecard which 
includes key measures on profitability, cost, capital, medium to long-term strategic initiatives, 
sustainability performance and initiatives, as well as risk, audit and compliance positions. 
Additional risk-adjusted metrics such as RAROC are also measured and tracked.
The Group’s key measures are cascaded to the collective scorecards of business units and 
enabler functions accordingly and subsequently to individual goals.
For each employee, performance is tracked through a set of balanced goals. In addition to 
financial targets, goals in the scorecard usually include measures on customer experience, 
long-term initiatives (where progress of milestones or ROI may be monitored), risk 
management and process controls, audit and compliance findings, as well as people-related 
measures. Our Group performance management process comprises agile performance 
conversations through periodic check-ins between manager and staff throughout the year 
144
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 147 ----
and concludes with an annual year-end performance 
assessment of each individual through the Group’s 
performance management framework, which is based on the 
meeting of individual goals in the scorecard and qualitative 
feedback.
For the Group CEO, performance is likewise measured 
through a scorecard, which covers measures on ROE, cost, 
risk and controls, customer experience and strategic 
initiatives – the assessment of the scorecard forms the basis 
of the Group CEO’s variable compensation.
DETERMINATION OF VARIABLE 
REMUNERATION
Based on CIMB’s performance, the GNRC will determine the 
overall variable remuneration pool, taking into consideration 
key performance measures in the corporate scorecard and 
ensuring that CIMB does not pay variable remuneration at a 
level that would affect shareholders’ interest. The GNRC has 
the discretion to adjust the pool where required based on 
poor performance, capital requirements, economic 
conditions, competitive landscape and retention needs.
The Group pool will be allocated to the business units and 
functions based on their respective performance, measured 
through balanced collective scorecards and guided by the 
Group CEO. The allocation will also take into consideration 
inputs from the control functions such as Audit, Compliance 
and Risk.
Variable remuneration of each individual employee is then 
determined based on individual assessment and collective 
scorecard performance of the business unit/function to 
which the individual belongs, subject to adequacy of the 
allocated bonus pool. Variable remuneration of the individual 
may also be adjusted based on accountability of audit and 
compliance findings or disciplinary action.
Principle
The control functions of Audit, Compliance and Risk operate independently from the business units in CIMB, and have 
appropriate authority to carry out their individual functions without intervention from the business units. To prevent conflict 
of interest, the remuneration of employees in these control functions are not dictated by the business units that they 
support. Remuneration of the Group Chief Risk Officer, Group Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and the Group Chief Internal 
Auditor are determined and approved by the BRCC and the AC.
SENIOR OFFICERS AND MATERIAL RISK TAKERS
SUMMARY OF 2023 REMUNERATION OUTCOME
Breakdown of remuneration awarded to Senior Officers and Material Risk Takers for 2023:
Senior Officers (SOs) of the Group are defined as the Group 
CEO, Executive Directors and members of the Group 
Executive Committee (GEXCO) and key direct reports of the 
Group CEO.
The total remuneration awarded to 18 SOs for the FYE 2023 
was RM110.6 million (included in this remuneration, the 
allocation of LTIP attributed to 2023).
Material Risk Takers (MRTs) are defined as senior 
management and employees whose responsibilities have a 
material impact on the Group’s performance and risk profile 
and employees whose responsibilities require them to take 
on material risk exposures on behalf of the Group.
Total remuneration awarded to 55 MRTs for the FYE 2023 
was RM171.2 million (included in this remuneration the 
allocation of LTIP attributed to 2023).
Variable compensation of the Group CEO and senior leaders 
is made up of short-term bonuses and long-term incentives, 
and at least 40% of this variable compensation is deferred, 
comprising a mix of shares/share options and cash.
Senior Officers Material Risk Takers
Integrated Annual Report 2023
145
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 148 ----
QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES FOR 2023
Table 1: Guaranteed Bonuses, Sign-on Bonuses and Severance Payments
Category
SOs
(RM’000)
MRTs
(RM’000)
Number of guaranteed bonuses
Number of sign-on bonuses
Number of severance payments
–
–
–
–
1
–
Total amount of above payments made during the FYE 2023 – 165
Table 2: Breakdown of Deferred Remuneration
Category
SOs
(RM’000)
MRTs
(RM’000)
Total amount of outstanding deferred remuneration
•
 Cash
•
 Shares
5,524
69,088
23,092
65,149
Total amount of deferred remuneration paid out during the
 
financial year
•
 Cash
•
 Shares
1,393
4,020
9,668
10,321
Outstanding deferred remuneration (performance
 
adjustments):
•
 Of which exposed to ex-post adjustments
•
 Reductions in current year due to ex-post adjustments
 
(explicit)
•
 Reductions in current year due to ex-post adjustments
 
(implicit)
100%
–
–
100%
–
–
Outstanding retained remuneration (performance 
adjustments):
•
 Of which exposed to ex-post adjustments
•
 Reductions in current year due to ex-post adjustments
 
(explicit)
•
 Reductions in current year due to ex-post adjustments
 
(implicit)
–
–
–
–
–
 –
•
 Examples of explicit ex-post adjustments include malus, clawbacks or similar reversals or
 
downward revaluations of awards.
•
 Examples of implicit ex-post adjustments include fluctuations in the value of shares or
 
performance units.
Table 3: Breakdown of Group CEO’s Remuneration
Name Category
Cash
(RM’000)
Shares
(RM’000)
Other
Emoluments²
(RM’000)
Total
(RM’000)
Dato’ 
Abdul 
Rahman 
Ahmad
Fixed 
remuneration
Variable 
remuneration
•
 Non-deferred
•
 Deferred
2,826
4,300
1,680
–
–
–¹
533
516
201
3,359
4,816
1,881
Total
 
remuneration 
award for FYE 
20238,806 –¹ 1,250 10,056
Deferred variable and conditional award under the Group’s Long Term Incentive Plan 
(for alignment with long-term performance, as described earlier)
Allocation attributed to 2023
 :
 272,000 performance shares
  3,727,600 share options
These are vested over 2024 and 2025 and are subject to the following conditions:
Performance shares
 –
 meeting ROE targets
Share options
 –
 exercise price of RM4.96
¹ Deferred compensation in shares was awarded in the form of LTIP (as shown above), and the value of the LTIP 
awards are not shown here as they are only vested in 2024 and 2025.
²
 Other emoluments include EPF contributions 
and benefits-in-kind.
146
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 149 ----
The following table summarises the Group CEO’s shareholdings as at 31 December 2023:
Name
Shares held
Beneficially
(units)
Unvested EOP Shares
Not Subject to
Performance Measures
(Units)
Total Shares
(Units)
Value of Shares
(as at 31 December 2023)
as a Percentage of
Annual Salary
Unvested LTIP Shares
and Share Options
Subject to Performance
Measures
(Units)
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad 36,227 0 36,227 8% 816,000
(performance shares)
11,183,000
(share options)
Taking into consideration the value of unvested LTIP awards (share options and shares which are subject to performance conditions as disclosed in the financial statements), the 
shareholdings of the Group CEO as at 31 December 2023 is 392% of annual salary.
BOARD SUPPORT
The Board has appointed the Group Company Secretary, who, under the direction of the Chairperson, is accountable for all matters with regard to the proper functioning and operations of 
the Board. This also entails facilitating efficient information exchange within the Board and Board Committees and between Senior Management and Non-Executive Directors.
Directors maintain independent access to the Group Company Secretary. The Group Company Secretary attends all Board meetings, and minutes are prepared to record key deliberations 
and decisions taken during the meetings. The Group Company Secretary’s responsibilities also extend to fostering communication between the Board, its committees and Management and 
generally assist Directors in discharging their duties. The Group Company Secretary renders assistance with the induction of new Directors and facilitates the ongoing professional 
development of Directors. The Board exercises authority over the appointment and removal of the Group Company Secretary. Presently, Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir serves as the Group 
Company Secretary and has been with the Group since 2002. The roles of the Group Company Secretary are outlined in the Board Charter.
BOARD MEETINGS
The Board meets on a regular basis, with a minimum of six (6) scheduled meetings in a financial year or more frequently as circumstances dictate. The dates of these scheduled meetings 
are determined well in advance by the last quarter of the preceding financial year to enable the Directors to plan ahead. In addition to the scheduled meetings, special meetings may be 
convened as and when required.
In FYE 2023, CIMB’s Board and Board Committee meetings were held both virtually and physically. Members of the Senior Management were also invited to attend selected Board meetings 
to support the Board with further information on the matters being deliberated. All Directors attended over 75% of all Board Meetings in FYE 2023. The terms of reference of the Board set 
out the conduct of meetings, including quorum (at least 75% present, of which one (1) must be an Independent Director), voting requirements, and Board membership, if any.
Principle
Integrated Annual Report 2023
147
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 150 ----
The attendance of the Board members and Board committee members at the meetings 
during FYE 2023 are as follows:
Attendance of Meeting
Board Committee
Director Board BRCC AC GNRC GSGC
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad 16/16 5/5 – – 5/5
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad 16/16 – – – –
Ms Teoh Su Yin* 10/11 – – 9/9 4/4
Mr Robert Neil Coombe* 3/4 – – – 1/2
Dato’ Mohamed Ross 
Mohd Din 16/16 5/5 16/16 10/11 –
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan 16/16 5/5 – – –
En Afzal Abdul Rahim 16/16 – – 9/11 –
En Didi Syafruddin Yahya 16/16 5/5 11/12 11/11 5/5
Ms Shulamite N K Khoo 16/16 – – 11/11 3/5
Ms Ho Yuet Mee 15/16 – 16/16 – 2/2
Datin Azlina Mahmad** 11/11 – 9/10 3/3 –
Notes:
BRCC
 –
 Board Risk 
and Compliance Committee
AC
 –
 Audit Committee
GNRC
 –
 Group Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee
GSGC
 –
 Group Sustainability and Governance Committee
*
 Ms 
Teoh Su Yin and Mr Robert Neil Coombe have retired as of 7 October 2023 and 14 April 2023, respectively
**
 Datin Azlina Mahmad was appointed as an Independent 
Director of CIMB on 1 May 2023
Before the Board meeting, the Chairperson oversees the setting of the agenda and, in 
consultation with the Group CEO, ensures that there is sufficient information and time to 
address all agenda items. The agenda also allows for flexibility when needed. All materials 
for the Board meeting are uploaded onto a secure portal, which can be accessed on tablet 
devices provided to the Directors.
Except as permitted by the Chairperson under certain circumstances, the Directors should 
receive scheduled/fixed meeting materials five (5) calendar days prior to the Board meeting 
to allow sufficient time for them to review and analyse relevant information. In FYE 2023, all 
papers/materials were circulated to the Board within the stipulated timeline. Any departure 
from the said timeline will be reported to the GEXCO on a quarterly basis for improvement 
and further action, where necessary. The deliberations and decisions arrived at during Board 
meetings are minuted in a timely manner, and action items for Management will be 
communicated to the relevant parties within 24 hours after the Board meetings. The draft 
minutes are tabled at the following meeting for confirmation and, thereafter, signed by the 
Chairperson.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT DIVERSITY
CIMB has in place a Group Employee Diversity & Inclusion Policy, which promotes diversity; 
in this context, it refers to gender, age, background, belief, ethnicity, skill, and ability that 
cover employees from all levels. The demographic of the Senior Management as at 
31 December
	2023
	is
	set
	out
	below:
Senior Management Diversity
Nationality
Age
Gender
Principle
148
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 151 ----
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The AC supports the Board in ensuring a reliable and transparent financial reporting 
process is in place and reviews the corporate governance practices and internal control 
system to ensure checks and balances within the Group.
The AC is chaired by Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din, and the members are Ho Yuet Mee 
and Datin Azlina Mahmad, all of whom are INEDs. Datin Azlina was appointed on 1 May 2023 
in place of Didi Syafruddin Yahya. Members of the AC have relevant accounting or related 
financial management experience or expertise. The Chairperson of the AC has over 40 years 
of relevant banking and operational experience and is not the Chairperson of the Board.
In FYE 2023, the AC reviewed all key internal audit reports and ensured that Management 
had completed all necessary corrective actions in a timely manner to address control 
weaknesses, non-compliance with laws, regulatory requirements, policies and other issues 
identified by the internal auditor and other control functions. The Chairperson of the AC will 
highlight to the Board the key deliberations for their objective review.
CIMB has a process for considering the appointment/re-appointment of External Auditors, 
which is in line with BNM’s Guidelines on External Auditors. These guidelines require the AC 
to assess the External Auditors’ compliance with the qualification criteria set out by BNM, 
including evaluating their independence, objectivity, and performance.
To advocate good corporate governance, in 2022, the Group External Auditor Policy was 
enhanced to incorporate best practices, i.e., CIMB to run a Request for Proposal (RFP) for 
the appointment of an External Auditor for the financial year ending 2023 (i.e., appointment/
reappointment for FYE 2024). Thereafter, for every five (5) years, CIMB would run an RFP for 
the appointment of an External Auditor. The requirement of the RFP was included in the 
Section 2.1.2 Policy Statement of Group External Auditor Policy. The appointment is subject 
to CIMB’s annual review process and BNM’s approval.
Further to the above, as part of its remit, the AC must ensure that the objectivity, 
independence and effectiveness of the External Auditors are maintained. In line with the 
Board Charter, the AC will not appoint a former key audit partner as its member unless the 
former key partner has observed a cooling-off period of at least three (3) years before being 
appointed as a member of the AC.
Details of the AC’s oversight of the Group’s financial reporting, risk management, and 
internal control systems can be found in the AC Report.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK
The Board continues to be involved in identifying principal risks and ensuring the 
implementation of appropriate internal controls and mitigation measures whilst taking into 
consideration the environmental, social, and governance requirements.
RISK MANAGEMENT
CIMB employs a Group Enterprise-Wide Risk Management (Group EWRM) Framework as a 
standardised approach to effectively managing risks and opportunities. The framework 
provides the Board and Management with tools to anticipate and manage both existing and 
potential risks, taking into consideration evolving risk profiles as dictated by changes in 
business strategies, the external environment, and/or the regulatory environment.
The BRCC is chaired by En Didi Syafruddin Yahya and is responsible for providing oversight 
and advice to the Board and the Management with respect to risks, including future risk 
strategy, risk appetite and management of compliance risk. As at 31 December 2023, the 
BRCC comprises four (4) members, of whom three (3) members (including the Chairperson) 
are INEDs.
Details pertaining to risk management can be found in the AC Report.
INTERNAL CONTROL
The AC supports the Board in overseeing and reviewing the internal control system. Group 
Corporate Assurance Division (GCAD) reports independently to the AC and provides an 
independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of risk management, controls, and 
governance processes implemented by Management. GCAD’s annual audit plan is developed 
based on an assessment of risks, exposures, and CIMB Group strategies using a risk-based 
assessment methodology. GCAD also undertakes investigations and ad hoc reviews upon 
request from Management, the Board, or regulators.
The internal audit function is periodically reviewed by the AC to ensure its adequacy in 
performing its role. GCAD reports significant findings to the AC with recommended 
corrective actions. Management is responsible for ensuring that corrective actions on 
reported weaknesses are executed within an appropriate timeframe. The deadlines 
committed by Management on corrective actions are closely monitored, and undue delays 
have to be explained and justified to the AC for approval.
A qualified external independent reviewer conducts periodic external assessments of GCAD’s 
internal audit activity at least once every five (5) years to assess its conformance with The 
Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) International Standards for Professional Practice of Internal 
Auditing and pertinent regulations. The last assessment conducted in 2021 on GCAD 
Malaysia accorded the internal audit activity as generally conformed to the IIA Standards. As 
at 31 December 2023, GCAD had a staff strength of 159 individuals from diverse 
backgrounds and qualifications; with 60% of the auditors possessing at least one (1) relevant 
certification, including 61 staff who have obtained Certification for Bank Auditors by the 
Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers.
Further details of the Risk Management Framework and Internal Control System are explained 
in the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control and the Risk Management Report.
Principle
EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT
Integrated Annual Report 2023
149
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 152 ----
COMMUNICATION BETWEEN CIMB AND STAKEHOLDERS
CIMB’s Investor Relations activities seek to provide regular and fair dissemination of 
information to shareholders, analysts, fund managers and other external stakeholders. 
Briefing sessions are conducted for analysts and fund managers after the lodgement of 
quarterly financial results to Bursa Malaysia. All press statements and quarterly financial 
statements are published on the CIMB Group corporate website and the Bursa Securities 
website. A dedicated Investor Relations team supports the Group Chief Executive Officer and 
Group Chief Financial Officer in ensuring a consistent and transparent line of communication 
with external stakeholders. The CIMB website provides all necessary corporate and financial 
information and an avenue for investors to provide feedback and submit queries. In FYE 
2023, CIMB Group continued to actively engage with its stakeholders via various avenues, 
including 12 regular larger-group conference calls, 8 pre-closed period meetings with the 
domestic buy- and sell-side, 4 quarterly financial announcement investor conference calls, 13 
in-house meetings, attended 15 virtual and physical investor conferences and 39 meetings 
on non-deal roadshows. Management engaged with 447 analysts and fund managers during 
the year.
CONDUCT OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The Board ensures that shareholders are given sufficient notice and time to consider the 
resolutions that will be discussed and decided at the Annual General Meeting (AGM). The 
AGM Notice includes details of the resolutions proposed, along with any relevant information 
and reports. CIMB held its 66th AGM on 13 April 2023 with the Notice and Agenda of the 
AGM delivered to the shareholders on 16 March 2023, this being 28 days before the 
Meeting. The Notice and Agenda were also published in the local English and Bahasa 
Malaysia newspapers and made available on CIMB’s website at www.cimb.com. The 66th 
AGM was held fully virtual as per the Guidance and FAQs on the Conduct of General 
Meetings for Listed Issuers (Guidance Note) issued by the Securities Commission Malaysia.
The 66th AGM was attended by all Directors, Management and 1806 shareholders as the 
Attendance List. The Chairperson, who chaired the proceedings, provided fair opportunity 
and time to all shareholders to exercise their rights to raise questions and make 
recommendations. The proceedings of the 66th AGM were recorded in the minutes of the 
meeting and made available within two (2) weeks after the meeting on CIMB’s website at 
www.cimb.com.
INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
CIMB has leveraged technology to facilitate greater shareholders’ participation and enhance 
the proceedings of General Meetings. Resolutions during the 66th AGM were arrived at via 
online electronic poll voting to enable all shareholders to cast their votes. The Share 
Registrar, Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn. Bhd. (Boardroom), acted as the Poll 
Administrator to conduct the online electronic polling process and Deloitte Risk Advisory 
Sdn. Bhd. was appointed as the Scrutineer to verify the poll results.
OTHER DISCLOSURE
EMPLOYEE CODE OF CONDUCT
The Board has established a Code of Conduct which is underpinned by the core philosophy 
of “Creating Value, Enabling Our People and Acting with Integrity”. The Code of Conduct sets 
out the standards of behaviour that are expected of all employees of CIMB as well as the 
Board in terms of engagement with customers, business associates, regulators, colleagues 
and other stakeholders. Further, the Code of Conduct provides guidance in areas where 
employees may need to make personal and ethical decisions. In addition to providing 
guidance, the Code of Conduct makes references to specific Group Policies and Procedures 
relating to conflicts of interest, bribery, corruption, money laundering/counter-financing of 
terrorism, customer management, whistleblowing and fraud management.
DIRECTORS’ CODE OF CONDUCT
Our Board adopts the Code of Conduct for Directors, which sets out the fundamental 
guiding principles and standards for Directors to carry out their duties. This Code applies to 
all the Directors of CIMB Group. It is primarily based on the five (5) fundamental principles 
of competence, integrity, fairness, confidentiality and objectivity as recommended by the 
Code of Ethics for the Financial Services Industry published by the Financial Services 
Professional Board.
WHISTLE BLOWING POLICY
CIMB’s Whistle Blowing Policy sets out avenues for legitimate concerns to be objectively 
investigated and addressed. Under this Policy, individuals will be able to raise concerns 
about illegal, unethical or questionable practices in confidence and without the risk of 
reprisal. CIMB’s Whistle Blowing Policy is applicable to all employees, suppliers, vendors, 
associated stakeholders, and customers.
150
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 153 ----
Principle
GROUP ENTITY GOVERNANCE POLICY
CIMB maintains a Group Entity Governance Policy (EGP) that categorises the entities 
according to a set of pre-determined criteria. The EGP serves the dual purpose of clarifying 
the relationship between the various entities within the Group as well as setting out the 
minimum governance requirements contingent upon the entity’s designated category. The 
EGP underwent a thorough review recently and has been updated to reflect the shifts and 
changes to CIMB’s entities in the preceding years.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION
CIMB has in place the Group Related Party Transactions Policy and Procedures (Group RPT 
P&P) drafted in line with the Listing Requirements. The AC is required to review the related 
party transactions to ensure that they are carried out at fair and arms-length commercial 
terms and to review the adequacy of the Group RPT P&P in identifying, monitoring and 
reporting of the related party transactions. AC also keeps the Board informed of such 
transactions and the findings and conclusions from its review. Based on the Group RPT 
P&P, there was only one (1) related party transaction in FYE 2023:
•
 The collaboration between CIMB Bank Berhad and TnG Digital Sdn. Bhd. on the Gold
 
Liquidity Provider Agreement, dealing as principal and on arm’s length basis, and a 50:50 
profit-sharing ratio with an initial period of three (3) years from the effective date, and 
automatically renewed for an additional period of two (2) years. CIMB Bank Berhad and 
TnG Digital Sdn. Bhd. are both owned by CIMB Group Sdn. Bhd.
The above related party transactions do not require shareholder approval, as the value of 
each transaction does not trigger the threshold on percentage ratios that are necessary for 
shareholders’ approval pursuant to the Group RPT P&P/Listing Requirements.
The significant related party transactions pursuant to MFRS 124 are disclosed under Notes 
to the Financial Statement 2023.
SUMMARY
The Board considers that CIMB has complied with and applied the Principles of the Code in 
FYE 2023, except for Practice 8.2 (The remuneration of Top-5 Key Senior Management). The 
Board has identified the said Practice where there is a departure, and this departure will be 
addressed as follows:
•
 An explanation for the departure;
•
 Disclosure of alternative practice adopted and how the alternative practice achieves the
 
Intended Outcome;
•
 Actions which CIMB has taken or intends to take; and
•
 The timeframe required to achieve the application of the prescribed Practice.
PRACTICE 8.2
The Board has decided not to disclose, on a named basis, the Top 5 Key Senior 
Management’s remuneration components, including salary, bonus, benefits-in-kind and other 
emoluments in bands of RM50,000. The Board believes that disclosure of these Top 5 Key 
executives’ remuneration is neither to CIMB’s advantage nor in its business interests, given 
the sensitive nature of such information and the fierce competition for talent in the banking 
industry.
Across the Group, however, CIMB currently discloses the remuneration of the Top 4 Key 
Senior Management positions in their respective financial statements, as follows:
1.
 CEO, CIMB Group Holdings Berhad*;
2.
 CEO, CIMB Bank Berhad*;
3.
 CEO, CIMB Investment Bank Berhad; and
4.
 CEO, CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad.
* Positions 1 and 2 are held by the same individual
This Corporate Governance Overview Statement is made in accordance with the resolution 
of the Board dated 28 February 2024.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
151
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 154 ----
1. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS RAISED FROM CORPORATE  
PROPOSALS
 During the financial year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has collectively issued  
the following instruments:
(A)  IDR1,000,000 MILLION BONDS
 On 8 February 2023, CIMB Niaga Auto Finance issued unsecured IDR1,000,000  
million bonds. The bonds are divided into 370 days Series A Bond and 3 years 
Series B Bond amounted to IDR700,000 million and IDR300,000 million, with fixed 
interest rate of 6.25% and 7.15% per annum respectively.
(B)  RM14 MILLION MTN
 On 5 July 2023, CIMB Bank Berhad issued RM14.0 million of senior medium term  
notes (“the MTN”) under its RM20.0 billion Senior Medium Term Note Programme. 
The MTN is a zero coupon bond.
(C)  RM19 MILLION MTN
 On 17 July 2023, CIMB Bank Berhad issued RM19.0 million of senior medium term 
notes (“the MTN”) under its RM20.0 billion Senior Medium Term Note Programme. 
The MTN is a zero coupon bond.
(D)  USD130 MILLION NOTES
 On 28 July 2023, CIMB Bank Berhad issued USD130.0 million 5-year floating rate  
notes (“the Notes”) under its USD5.0 billion Global Medium Term Note 
Programme. The Notes bear a coupon rate of SOFR plus 1.00% per annum 
payable quarterly.
(E)  RM17 MILLION MTN
 On 15 August 2023, CIMB Bank Berhad issued RM17.0 million of senior medium  
term notes (“the MTN”) under its RM20.0 billion Senior Medium Term Note 
Programme. The MTN is a zero coupon bond.
(F)  USD30 MILLION NOTES
 On 26 September 2023, CIMB Bank Berhad issued USD30.0 million 1-year floating  
rate notes (“the Notes”) under its USD5.0 billion Global Medium Term Note 
Programme. The Notes bear a coupon rate of SOFR plus 0.50% per annum 
payable quarterly.
(G)  USD100 MILLION NOTES
 On 3 October 2023, CIMB Bank Berhad issued USD100.0 million 35-month fixed  
rate notes (“the Notes”) under its USD5.0 billion Global Medium Term Note 
Programme. The Notes bear a coupon rate of 5.45% per annum payable 
quarterly.
(H)  RM100 MILLION SENIOR SUKUK
 On 30 November 2023, CIMB Islamic Bank issued RM100 million senior sukuk  
under its RM10 billion Sukuk Wakalah Programme. The senior sukuk bears a profit 
rate of 3.95% per annum payable semi-annually.
(I)  RM600 MILLION SENIOR SUKUK
 On 30 November 2023, CIMB Islamic Bank issued RM600 million senior sukuk  
under its RM10 billion Sukuk Wakalah Programme. The senior sukuk bears a profit 
rate of 4.02% per annum payable semi-annually.
(J)  RM300 MILLION SENIOR SUKUK
 On 30 November 2023, CIMB Islamic Bank issued RM300 million senior sukuk  
under its RM10 billion Sukuk Wakalah Programme. The senior sukuk bears a profit 
rate of 4.31% per annum payable semi-annually.
(K)  RM350 MILLION MTN
 On 12 June 2023, the Company issued RM350 million 1-year MTN which will  
mature on 12 June 2024. The MTN bears an interest rate of 3.88% per annum 
payable semi-annually.
(L)  RM5.0 MILLION CONVENTIONAL COMMERCIAL PAPERS  
(CPS)
 On 15 November 2023, the Company issued RM5.0 million 1-month CPs under its  
Conventional Commercial Papers Programme. The CPs bear a discount rate of 
3.50% and were fully redeemed on 15 December 2023.
(M)  SUSTAINABILITY SUKUK WAKALAH 2023/2033 RM400  
MILLION
 On 8 March 2023, the Company issued RM400 million 10 years non-callable 5  
years Tier 2 Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah bearing a periodic distribution rate of 
4.30% per annum, payable on a semi-annual basis. The proceeds from the 
issuance were used to subscribe to the RM400 million Tier 2 Sustainability Sukuk 
Wakalah issued by CIMB Bank on the same day, based on similar terms.
152
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Additional Disclosures
(As at 31 December 2023 pursuant to the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)

---- Page 155 ----
(N)  SUBORDINATED NOTES 2023/2033 RM415 MILLION
 On 29 March 2023, CIMB Thai issued RM415 million Basel III compliant Tier 2  
subordinated notes. The subordinated notes carry fixed interest rate of 4.70% per 
annum payable every six months.
(O)  ADDITIONAL TIER 1 SUSTAINABILITY SUKUK WAKALAH  
2023/2121 RM400 MILLION
 On 23 October 2023, the Company issued RM400 million Perpetual non-callable 5  
years Additional Tier 1 Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah, bearing a periodic distribution 
rate of 4.75% per annum, payable on a semi-annual basis. The proceeds from the 
issuance were used to subscribe to the RM400 million Additional Tier 1 
Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah issued by CIMB Bank on the same day, based on 
similar terms.
(P)  SUSTAINABILITY SUKUK WAKALAH 2023/2033 RM900  
MILLION
 On 23 October 2023, the Company issued RM900 million 10 years non-callable 5  
years Tier 2 Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah, bearing a periodic distribution rate of 
4.36% per annum, payable on a semi-annual basis. The proceeds from the 
issuance were used to subscribe to the RM900 million Tier 2 Sustainability Sukuk 
Wakalah issued by CIMB Bank on the same day, based on similar terms.
2. SHARE BUY BACK
 During the financial year, the Company did not buy back any of its issued share capital  
from the open market.
3. OPTIONS, WARRANTS OR CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES
 There were no options, warrants or convertible securities issued during the financial  
year by the Group.
4. AMERICAN DEPOSITORY RECEIPT (ADR) OR GLOBAL  
DEPOSITORY RECEIPT (GDR)
 The Group did not sponsor any ADR or GDR programme during the financial year  
under review.
5. IMPOSITION OF SANCTION AND/OR PENALTIES
 There were no public sanctions and/or material penalties imposed on the Company  
and its subsidiaries, Directors or Management by any regulatory body during the 
financial year under review.
6. NON-AUDIT FEES
 Non-audit fees payable to the External Auditors, Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT  
and its affiliates during the financial year under review amounted to RM2,190,000 for 
the Group and RM74,000 for the Company.
7. VARIATION IN RESULTS
 There were no material variations in results for the financial year ended 31 December  
2023 from the unaudited results released on 29 February 2024.
8. PROFIT GUARANTEE
 The Group did not receive any profit guarantee during the financial year ended  
31 December
	2023.
9. REVALUATION POLICY ON LANDED PROPERTIES
 Please refer to the accounting policy in Notes K, L and N of the Summary of Material  
Group Accounting Policies in the Financial Statements which are set out in the Financial 
Statements section of the Annual Report.
10.  MATERIAL CONTRACTS
 There were no material contracts entered into by CIMB Group and its subsidiaries  
involving Directors’ and major shareholders’ interest which were still subsisting as at 
the end of the financial year under review or which were entered into since the end of 
the previous financial year except as disclosed in Notes 53 to the Financial Statements 
which are in the Financial Statements section of the Annual Report.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
153
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 156 ----
BOARD RESPONSIBILITY
The Board affirms its commitment to its overall oversight and responsibility of the internal 
control and risk management system of CIMB Group and is constantly keeping abreast with 
developments in the field of risk and governance. To this end, the Board is supported by 
the Board Risk & Compliance Committee (“BRCC”) and the Audit Committee (“AC”), which 
have been assigned the primary oversight responsibilities for the Group’s risk management 
and internal control systems. The Board remains responsible for governance and oversight 
of risk and internal control, as well as all the actions of the Board Committees with respect 
to the execution of the delegated oversight responsibilities.
In discharging its responsibilities, the Board continues to be involved in determining the 
Group’s level of risk appetite and in identifying, assessing and monitoring key business risks 
to safeguard shareholders’ investments and the Group’s assets in a manner which enables 
the Group to achieve its business goals and objectives amidst the dynamic and challenging 
business environment. For this purpose, the Board has established key processes for 
evaluating the Group’s internal control and risk management system’s efficacy, sufficiency, 
and integrity.
The risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage risk exposures 
within the risk appetite set by the Board to achieve the Group’s business objectives. The 
systems provide reasonable assurance against any material misstatement, loss or fraud. 
Regular testing is performed to ensure the viability and resilience of the internal control 
systems and processes and assess their adequacy, effectiveness, efficiency, and integrity.
MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY
The Management is accountable to the Board and is responsible for effectively implementing 
the Board’s Policies & Procedures (“P&P”) on risks and controls. Its responsibilities with 
respect to risk management and internal control include:
•
 Identifying and evaluating the risks faced by the Group and the achievement of business
 
objectives and strategies;
•
 Formulating relevant P&P to manage these risks in accordance with the Group’s strategic
 
vision and overall risk appetite;
•
 Designing, implementing and monitoring the implementation of risk management
 
framework and internal control system;
•
 Implementing policies approved by the Board;
• Implementing remedial actions to address any deficiencies as directed by the Board; and
•
 Reporting in a timely manner to the Board on any changes to the risks and the
 
corrective actions taken.
The Group Chief Executive Officer (“Group CEO”) and Group Chief Financial Officer (“Group 
CFO”) have provided assurance to the Board that the Group’s risk management and internal 
control systems are operating adequately and effectively.
KEY INTERNAL CONTROL PROCESSES
The key processes that the Board has established in reviewing the adequacy and integrity of 
the system of internal control, including compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules, 
directives and guidelines, are as follows:
INTERNAL AUDIT
The Group Corporate Assurance Division (“GCAD”), headed by the Group Chief Internal 
Auditor (“GCIA”) reports independently to the CIMB Group AC and the Banking Group AC 
and is independent of the activities and operations of the business and other support units. 
The primary responsibility of GCAD is to independently appraise the adequacy, efficiency and 
effectiveness of risk management, control and governance processes implemented by the 
Management. The GCIA administratively reports to the Group CEO to maintain 
independence from Management.
GCAD’s scope of audit coverage encompasses all business and support units, including 
subsidiaries and overseas branches lacking independent audit units. The selection of audit 
areas within the audit universe is based on an annual audit plan approved by the CIMB 
Group AC and the Banking Group AC. The annual audit plan is developed based on 
assessment of risks, exposures and CIMB Group strategies using a risk-based assessment 
methodology. GCAD also undertakes investigations and ad-hoc reviews upon request from 
Management, the Board, or regulators.
The audit report represents final product of an audit assignment, encompassing the audit 
scope, evaluation of the internal control system, detailed audit observations, management 
actions, and timelines for implementing GCAD’s recommendations. The CIMB Group AC or 
the Banking Group AC (as appropriate) reviews regulatory breaches identified, significant 
exceptions or non-compliances, ascertaining appropriate and prompt remedial actions by 
the management.
154
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 157 ----
GCAD provides audit opinion based on the five components set out in the Internal Control 
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the 
Treadway Commission (“COSO”) and audit conclusion based on Level of Conformance in 
relation to regulatory audit/reviews, and whether objectives were met for assignments that 
are based on specific audit or review objectives.
GROUP AUDIT COMMITTEE
CIMB Group AC is a Board-delegated committee charged with oversight of financial 
reporting, disclosure, regulatory compliance, risk management, governance practices and 
monitoring of internal control processes in CIMB Group. The CIMB Group AC leverages the 
work of the Banking Group AC and the respective AC of the foreign banking subsidiaries, 
and CIMB Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary (Touch ’n Go), a leading FinTech solution 
provider in Malaysia.
The responsibility of the Banking Group AC is limited to CIMB Bank, CIMB Islamic Bank and 
CIMB Investment Bank and their subsidiaries and branches within and outside Malaysia. 
Senior Management, internal auditors and external auditors report to the CIMB Group AC 
and the Banking Group AC (as appropriate) on the effectiveness and efficiency of internal 
controls.
All significant and material findings by the internal auditors, external auditors and regulators 
are reported to the CIMB Group AC and the Banking Group AC for review and deliberation. 
The CIMB Group AC and the Banking Group AC (as appropriate) review and ascertain that 
mitigation plans are implemented by Management to safeguard CIMB Group’s interests and 
uphold proper governance. Adversely rated business and support units receive counselling 
from the respective AC.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL FRAMEWORK
The Board recognises that sound risk management and internal control are integral parts of 
CIMB Group’s strategy, business, operations and decision-making process, and are critical in 
ensuring CIMB Group’s success and sustainable growth.
The emphasis on a strong risk management culture is the foundation of the control 
mechanisms within CIMB Group’s Enterprise-Wide Risk Management (“Group EWRM”) 
framework. The framework consists of an on-going process of identifying and assessing, 
measuring, managing and controlling, as well as monitoring and reporting material risks 
affecting the achievement of CIMB Group’s strategic business objectives. It provides the 
Board and Management with tools to anticipate and manage both the existing and potential 
risks, taking into consideration the evolving risk profiles as dictated by changes in business 
strategies, the external environment and/or regulatory environment.
To further enhance the cultivation of the risk management culture, CIMB Group employs the 
three lines-of-defence model in implementing the Group EWRM framework, providing risk 
management accountability across the CIMB Group. The business units, as the first line-of-
defence, are primarily responsible for risk management on a day-to-day basis by taking 
appropriate actions to mitigate risk through effective controls. Group Risk and other control 
functions within the second line-of-defence provide oversight and perform independent 
monitoring of business activities with reporting to the Board and management to ensure 
that CIMB Group conducts business and operates within the approved risk appetite and is 
in compliance with regulations. GCAD, as the third line-of-defence, provides independent 
assurance of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls and risk management 
processes. The Board has also established the BRCC, whose responsibilities, amongst others, 
include overseeing the effective implementation of the Group EWRM framework.
BOARD RISK & COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE
At the apex of the governance structure are the respective Boards that determine the 
entity’s risk appetite corresponding to its business strategies. In accordance with CIMB 
Group’s risk management structure, the BRCC, who reports directly to the Board, assumes 
the responsibility for the supervision of risk management and control activities, as well as 
non-compliance and deficiencies. The BRCC determines CIMB Group’s risk strategies and 
policies, keeping them aligned with the principles within the risk appetite. The BRCC also 
oversees the implementation of the Group EWRM framework, provides strategic guidance, 
and reviews the decisions of the CIMB Group Risk & Compliance Committee (“GRCC”).
To effectively implement the Group EWRM framework, the BRCC has established various 
specialised/sub-risk risk committees within the CIMB Group with distinct responsibilities and 
functions clearly defined in the respective sub-risk risk committees’ terms of reference.
GROUP RISK & COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE
• The GRCC, which reports to the BRCC, performs the oversight function on overall risks  
undertaken by CIMB Group in delivering its business plan vis-à-vis the stated risk 
appetite of CIMB Group. In this regard, the GRCC reviews the Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process annually to ensure that all relevant risks have been identified and 
captured, and that CIMB Group has sufficient capital resources to undertake such risks 
in either normal or stressed business conditions.
•
 The GRCC supervises the periodic group-wide stress testing exercises by endorsing
 
appropriate scenarios based on projected macroeconomic conditions and idiosyncratic 
factors and recommending the results of the Stress Test exercise for the BRCC’s 
approval.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
155
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 158 ----
• The GRCC is also responsible for recommending CIMB Group’s Risk Appetite Statement  
to the BRCC taking into consideration the budget, annual business plans and expected 
macroeconomic conditions. In implementing the Risk Appetite Statement across CIMB 
Group, GRCC, supported by Group Risk, encourages the timely escalation of all events 
(including non-compliances and deficiencies) which may materially impact the Group’s 
financial condition or reputation to the attention of GRCC for appropriate action.
•
 The GRCC is further supported by specialised/sub-risk committees, namely Group Credit
 
Committee (“GCC”); Group Market and Conduct Risks Committee (“GMCRC”); Group 
Operational & Resiliency Risk Committee (“GORRC“); Group Asset Liability Management 
Committee (“GALCO”); and Group Asset Quality Committee (“GAQC”), with each 
committee providing oversight and responsibility for specific risk areas, namely credit 
risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, interest rate/rate of return risk in the banking 
book, operational risk, technology risk, fraud risk, outsourcing risk, Shariah non-
compliance risk, capital risk and sustainability risk.
•
 The overseas subsidiaries’ risk committees are set-up in a similar structure in their
 
respective jurisdictions. Whilst recognising the autonomy of the local jurisdiction and 
compliance to local requirements, CIMB Group strives to ensure a consistent and 
standardised approach in its risk governance process. As such, the Group and regional 
committees have consultative and advisory responsibilities on regional matters across 
CIMB Group to the extent permitted by the regulations of local jurisdictions. This 
structure increases regional communication and sharing of technical knowledge and best 
practice. It further enhances support towards managing and responding to risk 
management issues, thus providing the Board with a comprehensive view of the 
activities within the Group.
COMPLIANCE FRAMEWORK
The Board recognises that the Compliance function forms an integral part of CIMB Group’s 
risk management and internal control framework, and that a strong compliance culture 
reflects a corporate culture of high integrity and ethics.
CIMB Group Legal & Compliance Division (“GLC”), reports independently to the Board. 
Appropriate governance has also been established with clear reporting lines by the local and 
regional compliance officers to the CIMB Group Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and the 
respective local entity Boards, to the extent permitted by the regulations of the local 
jurisdictions.
GLC’s responsibilities include identifying, assessing and monitoring the compliance risk 
associated with the business and support units or entities; and advising the Board, the 
Management and officers of the business and support units or entities on relevant laws and 
regulations. All business and support units or entities must act in accordance with relevant 
laws, regulations and internal GLC P&P. Under the three lines-of-defence model, all business 
and support units or entities as the first line-of-defence, are required to review, assess and 
establish the necessary control to ensure compliance to applicable laws and regulations. The 
entities or units are required to carry out periodic self-assessment on the adequacy of 
control and level of adherence to regulatory requirements. GLC will also conduct compliance 
reviews on business and support units or entities as part of the second line-of-defence 
assurance that regulatory requirements are in place. GLC has unrestricted access to all 
information, records and business premises of CIMB Group and has the authorisation to 
speak to any employee of CIMB Group about any conduct, business practice, ethical matter 
or other issue relevant to discharging GLC’s duties.
The respective entity Boards, as well as the CIMB Group’s Board, are provided with 
compliance reports on a regular basis, which entail the findings and analysis of compliance 
risk including compliance risk assessment, incidences of non-compliance and deficiencies, 
corrective measures and information to facilitate the Boards having a holistic and overall 
view of all compliance matters across CIMB Group.
GLC’s scope of coverage encompasses all business and support units including subsidiaries 
in Malaysia as well as outside of Malaysia including activities which are carried out by CIMB 
Group or on behalf of CIMB Group by third parties.
As it is vital to have a robust and effective compliance framework in place to safeguard the 
interest of CIMB Group, stakeholders, customers/clients and employees, CIMB Group has in 
place compliance policies/standards with appropriate mechanisms and tools are driven at 
CIMB Group level to ensure consistency in managing compliance risk within CIMB Group. 
GLC requires all local and regional entities within CIMB Group to adopt and implement all 
GLC Compliance P&P, which are reviewed on a periodic basis or as and when required to 
reflect current practices and the applicable legal/regulatory requirements. Trainings are 
conducted regularly to create compliance awareness and to facilitate its implementation of 
laws, regulations and internal GLC compliance policies within CIMB Group.
156
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 159 ----
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING/COUNTER FINANCING OF 
TERRORISM AND TARGETTED FINANCIAL SANCTIONS 
(“AML/CFT AND TFS”)
CIMB Group continues to invest in its people, processes, and systems, to stand vigilant 
against financial crime – an ever-growing, and constantly evolving, threat to the financial 
industry and the global economy. Our policies and procedures are routinely reviewed to 
ensure full compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, whilst adopting 
those industry best practices relevant to our organisation. We continue to expand our 
anti-financial crime compliance capabilities in our first line of defence, including upskilling 
our business compliance functions with up-to-date financial crime compliance training. 
Investments in the enhancement of anti-financial crime systems continue to be a focus for 
the Group. CIMB Group stands alongside regulators and peers in the fight against rising 
trends such as increasing mule and fraud crime and is a member of the National Scam 
Response Centre (NSRC), that brings together the resources and expertise to combat cyber 
financial scams. Along with other reporting institutions in Malaysia, CIMB Group completed 
its first submission of reports under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), in 
addition to fulfilling its annual reporting obligation under the Common Reporting Standard 
(CRS), to the Inland Revenue Board of Malaysia.
SHARIAH RISK MANAGEMENT
Under the Group EWRM Framework, Shariah Non-Compliance (“SNC”) risk is identified as 
one of the material risks for CIMB Group, specifically in relation to its Islamic banking 
business. The SNC risk refers to the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss or 
non-financial implications including reputational damage which the Group may suffer arising 
from failure to comply with Shariah requirements as determined by Shariah Advisory Council 
(“SAC”) of Bank Negara Malaysia (“BNM”) and Securities Commission (“SC”), including 
standards on Shariah matters issued by BNM pursuant to Section 29(1) of the Islamic 
Financial Services Act (“IFSA”), decisions or advice of Board Shariah Committee (“BSC”) of 
CIMB, or other Shariah regulatory authorities of the jurisdiction in which the Group 
operates.
CIMB Group has established the Shariah Risk Management Policy (“SRMP”) in accordance 
with BNM’s Shariah Governance Policy Document (“SGPD”), which articulates the objectives, 
mission, guiding principles, governance structure as well as methodology and approach 
adopted by the Group in managing SNC risk. In addition, Shariah Risk Management 
Procedure has also been developed to provide explanation/ illustration that could facilitate 
Risk Control Officers (“RCO”) and Designated Compliance & Operational Risk Officers 
(“DCORO”) of Business Units (“BUs”) and Business Enablers (“BEs”) in identifying, assessing, 
controlling and monitoring SNC risk inherent in their Islamic products and day-to-day 
activities.
In 2023, SRM have conducted analysis on staff knowledge adequacy in handling Islamic 
banking products and services. This is to ensure staff involve in Islamic banking business 
and operation have adequate knowledge on Shariah principles as well as Islamic banking 
products and services as part of control measures in managing SNC risk in CIMB. Although 
no major issues were discovered during the review, several recommendations were made to 
strengthen the existing learning structure. In addition, to ensure SNC Key Risk Indicator is 
robust to gauge any SNC risk and their potential impact on Islamic business performance, 
SRM have reviewed the current SNC Key Risk Indicator reporting procedures to suit current 
SNC risk environment. No major issues were discovered during the review.
Shariah Risk Awareness for RCUs and DCOROs is one of the SNC risk mitigation measures 
adopted by our Group. Shariah Risk Awareness is part of the On-Boarding Risk & 
Compliance Training and RCU Forum for RCUs and DCOROs that is conducted on a 
quarterly basis.
SHARIAH REVIEW
The Shariah review function is carried out by Shariah Review & Assurance (“SRA”) of Islamic 
Banking Compliance. SRA conduct regular assessment on compliance of the operations, 
business, affairs and activities of CIMB Group with Shariah and Islamic regulatory 
requirements.
SRA, as a second line-of-defence, reports independently to the BSC of CIMB Islamic Bank 
Berhad, and functionally to the Chief Compliance Officer of CIMB Islamic, forming part of the 
CIMB Group’s Legal & Compliance Division. SRA is staffed by officers who are qualified to 
undertake compliance function responsibilities and possess sound understanding of the 
relevant Shariah requirements.
SRA has established CIMB Group Shariah Review Policy and Procedures, which sets out the 
policies for Shariah review applicable to the Islamic financial services of CIMB Group in 
ensuring compliance to Shariah and Islamic regulatory requirements, and handling of 
Shariah Non-Compliance (“SNC”) events. In addition, it also sets out the procedures for 
Shariah review planning, execution, and SNC events reporting.
The key responsibilities of SRA function include but are not limited to the following:
•
 Formulating Annual SRA work plan, based on Compliance Risk Assessment Methodology
 
(CRAM);
•
 Performing regular Shariah reviews as outlined in the approved annual work plan;
•
 Conducting Post-Implementation Reviews on new Islamic products and services; and
Integrated Annual Report 2023
157
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 160 ----
• Assessing and monitoring SNC issues which include:
–
 Assessing potential Shariah issue raised by Business Unit (“BU”) or entity;
–
 Investigating and escalating Potential Shariah Non-Compliance (PSNC) event to PSNC
 
Committee for confirmation on the PSNC and to Board Shariah Committee for actual 
SNC decision; and
–
 Assisting affected BU or entity to develop preventive and corrective rectification plan
 
to avoid recurrences.
Relevant trainings on Shariah Compliance and SNC reporting process are continuously 
conducted to educate and raise awareness of CIMB Group’s staff on the importance of 
complying with Shariah requirements.
SHARIAH AUDIT
Shariah audits of the Islamic banking business are under the purview of GCAD, which 
reports independently to both the CIMB Group AC and Banking Group AC, as well as to the 
BSC on audit matters relating to Islamic business operations and activities, particularly on 
Shariah compliance related matters. The principal objective is to provide an independent 
assessment and assurance designed to add value and improve the degree of compliance in 
relation to the Islamic banking business operations, as well as ascertain a sound and 
effective internal control system for Shariah compliance.
The same audit methodology is implemented by GCAD in carrying out Shariah audits as 
with non-Shariah audits, which includes audit planning, test of control, substantive 
procedures, reporting and follow-up on remedial actions. The scope of a Shariah audit is 
established in line with the areas stipulated in BNM’s SGPD.
GCAD, in collaboration with Group Human Resource, have arranged with a reputable Islamic 
banking and finance institute to provide relevant Islamic banking certification to its auditors. 
There are 15 auditors who have completed Certified Qualification in Islamic Finance, two (2) 
completed Intermediate Qualification in Islamic Finance and another five (5) completed 
Associate Qualification in Islamic Finance. There are also 3 auditors currently pursuing 
Certified Professional Shariah Auditor (“CPSA”) and 1 has been certified as CPSA holder.
BOARD SHARIAH COMMITTEE
The BSC plays a pivotal role in upholding Shariah compliance throughout CIMB operations, 
in line with regulatory requirements of the jurisdictions where CIMB Group conducts 
business. With unwavering commitment to Shariah principles, the BSC ensures Shariah 
rulings related to Islamic Banking and capital market products and services comply with the 
fundamental tenets of Shariah as outlined by the relevant Shariah authorities.
BSC is assisted by the Shariah Advisory & Governance department that functions as an 
internal adviser on Shariah matters and a coordinator of the overall Shariah governance to 
all Islamic business within CIMB Group. It acts as the intermediary between the Islamic BUs 
and the BSC. The Shariah Advisory & Governance department also serves as the Secretariat 
to the BSC as well as providing Shariah related training across CIMB Group.
In performing the functions, the department had established the Shariah Advisory & Board 
Shariah Committee Secretariat Policy and Procedure which outlines the overarching Shariah 
requirements governing the implementation, the operationalisation and the conduct of 
Islamic financial business within CIMB Group.
Consistent with the SGPD issued in 2019 by BNM, the policies and/or procedures developed 
by the respective Shariah organs within the Group provide a sturdy framework for fostering 
robust Shariah governance arrangements and processes that calibrate to the business and 
strategies as mandated by BNM. The implementation of the Shariah governance is effected 
through the following functions:
Shariah Advisory & Governance;
Shariah Review;
Shariah Risk Management;
Shariah Audit.
The Shariah Advisory & Governance department facilitates the implementation of Shariah 
Advisory & Research and coordinates the overall Shariah Governance, whilst Shariah Review, 
Shariah Risk Management and Shariah Audit functions are performed by Group Legal 
Compliance (GLC), Group Risk and Group Corporate and Assurance Division (GCAD) 
respectively.
SHARIAH ADVISORY & GOVERNANCE
Shariah Advisory & Governance department comprises qualified Shariah officers who 
conduct the pre-product approval process, advisory, research, and validation of issues for 
submission to the BSC. Description of the two functions are as follows:
• Advisory
 Responsible for providing day-to-day Shariah advice and consultation to the business  
and support units based on the rulings of the Shariah Advisory Council of BNM and 
Securities Commission and decision or advice of the BSC as well as reviewing documents 
to adhere with Shariah precepts; and
158
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 161 ----
• Research
 Conducting thorough research and analysis on Shariah matters to formulate authoritative  
Shariah opinions in supporting the business proposals for BSC approval.
In addition to Advisory and Research functions, Shariah Advisory & Governance department 
is also supported by the BSC Secretariat and Islamic Finance Capacity Building that supports 
the Group Learning & Development (“Group L&D”) function. The details of these functions 
are described as follows:
• Secretariat
 Function of Secretariat to the BSC includes coordinating meeting as well as  
communications and disseminating information among the BSC, the Board and Senior 
Management; ensuring proper deliberation and dissemination of decisions of the BSC to 
the relevant stakeholders; and undertaking administrative and secretarial functions to 
support the BSC. In addition, secretariat is also responsible in engaging with the relevant 
parties who wish to seek further deliberation of Shariah issues from the BSC.
 Secretariat of BSC also may serve internal committees such as Potential SNC Committee
 
(PSNCC) and Shariah Governance Forum (SGF).
• Governance
 S&G also plays the role as the coordinator for all Shariah organs in managing the overall  
governance of Islamic business of CIMB Group including but not limited to the 
implementation of the Shariah Governance, review of product structures, mechanism, 
end-to-end products development, and recovery process.
 A few initiatives have been implemented to promote the Shariah compliance culture in
 
CIMB Group, including the establishment of awareness programme, i.e., issuance of 
Shariah bulletin to all staff. The implementation of the Shariah awareness programme is 
important for CIMB Group to instil and promote the behaviour of Shariah compliance in 
its aims and operations, business, affairs, and activities.
 In carrying out the above roles and responsibilities, the Shariah Advisory & Governance
 
Department is guided by Shariah Advisory & BSC Secretariat Policy and Procedures. All 
communication between CIMB Group and the BSC will be facilitated by this unit.
• Training
 Assist the Group L&D to assess and review the existing training plans and to make  
recommendations as needed, to advice on the training requirement and training 
solutions in relation to Shariah capacity building from top to bottom.
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
GROUP EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
The Group Executive Committee (“GEXCO”) is established to:
•
 Review and make decisions on key financial and strategic matters including capital and
 
principal investments;
•
 Review and make decisions on key strategic digital and technology initiatives and oversee
 
the development and execution of these initiatives;
•
 Review and make key financial decisions on all credit and underwriting matters;
•
 Review and make decisions on cultural transformation exercise; and
•
 Provide management oversight over CIMB Group’s businesses on key operational
 
matters for CIMB Group Holdings Berhad and its subsidiaries (CIMB Group entities).
The GEXCO provides oversight of management response to risk and compliance issues 
including:
•
 Deliberate and assist in the formulation of the Group CEO's response to risk and
 
compliance issues escalated to the attention of GEXCO; and
•
 Monitor management actions regarding improvements to the control environment to
 
manage risk events and compliance breaches tabled.
The GEXCO’s role in relation to the Strategic Risk Management Framework (“SMRF”) includes:
•
 Review, approve and/or recommend all significant and key strategic matters;
•
 Provide guidance and/or endorse risk mitigation plans to address strategic risk identified;
 
and
•
 Appraise the BUs on the extent of strategic risk and projected impact on expected
 
earnings and capital.
The GEXCO members are responsible for ensuring that the Group is well run and delivering 
the outcomes set by the Group CEO.
The GEXCO monitors management actions with regard to improvements to the control 
environment to manage risk events and compliance breaches. In the event of a crisis, the 
Group Crisis Management Committee would be activated, and its committee would comprise 
GEXCO members.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
159
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 162 ----
The GEXCO members report to the Group CEO on the performance of their business 
divisions in line with the Group’s strategy and other matters as directed by the Board and 
Group CEO.
INTERNAL POLICIES & PROCEDURES
The development of the internal policies and procedures are governed by the Group Policy 
Management Framework (“GPMF”). The established policies and procedures are developed to 
provide proper internal control mechanisms and help to protect the Bank against 
operational risks. The policies and procedures are required to be reviewed and updated 
periodically with the intent to ensure continuous improvements of the controls whilst 
ensuring operational efficiency.
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
The Boards of CIMB and its major subsidiaries are regularly apprised of key financial and 
operating statistics, including legal and regulatory matters, for deliberation and, where 
necessary, provide guidance and instruction for timely resolutions of issues.
With respect to reporting at a division-specific level, each core division presents its 
respective performance report at the monthly GEXCO meeting, where the report covers, 
amongst others, monthly financial performance, new business proposals and listing of 
defaulted accounts. Each division is assessed against the approved budgets and corporate 
objectives, and justification is provided for significant variances. Further, the GEXCO will 
discuss pertinent issues, strategies and corrective or improvement measures to be 
implemented, if required.
Business Review Committees (“BRC”) for countries and business divisions are established to:
•
 Review the performance and key strategic matters of the respective countries’ entities
 
and business divisions;
•
 Track and measure the performance of core programmes against the agreed strategies
 
and roadmap; and
•
 Provide regular feedback and ensure timely course corrections.
The BRC reports directly to the GEXCO and Group CEO on all matters, is chaired by the
 
Group CEO and comprises selected members of Senior Management.
TECHNOLOGY RISK MANAGEMENT
CIMB Group protects and ensures the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its 
information assets through implementing appropriate technology risk & security controls to 
protect against the misuse or compromise of information assets. CIMB Group’s Technology 
Risk framework covers both business and technology drivers, focusing on addressing 
controls from a holistic perspective addressing people, process and technology control 
layers. The Technology Risk Management framework aligns to the Operational Risk 
framework and underpins the risk management that ensures technology risks are properly 
identified, managed, monitored, mitigated and reported in a structured and consistent 
manner.
In managing increased volume of digital transactions, CIMB Group continuously prioritises, 
upgrades and monitors the IT infrastructure to maintain system resiliency and ensure high 
service levels to customers.
Effective management of cyber risks is essential to minimising any negative impact to 
customers as well as any financial, operational, reputational, legal and regulatory impact to 
the Bank. We continue to invest in our cyber defence capabilities to secure internal assets 
from emerging cyber threats, and strengthen our ability to detect and respond. We adopt 
an organisation-wide approach to manage cyber risk for the Bank, which comprises:
(a)
 Policy and Frameworks;
(b)
 Cyber security programme;
(c)
 Cyber risk awareness, training and testing programme;
(d)
 Cybersecurity incident response and crisis management; and
(e)
 Cyber insurance.
CIMB Group also continuously reviews the cyber defence capabilities to protect customers’
 
data security, while continuously strengthening the resilience against potential cyber threats. 
As part of managing IT operations, CIMB Group continues to be vigilant and stay alert on 
the cyber threat landscape with close monitoring by the dedicated Cyber Security Defence 
Centre and Threat Monitoring & Intelligence unit. In addition, Cyber security experts were 
engaged to validate our control environment against cyber threats.
We believe our people are an integral part of our cyber defence, and we continue to step 
up our efforts to raise the security awareness of our staff on the prevailing cyber threats 
and scams. CIMB Group is also working closely with relevant authorities and industry players 
in heightening protection, detection and response capabilities for cyber resiliency.
160
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 163 ----
PEOPLE MANAGEMENT
CODE OF ETHICS
Further to its introduction in January 2017, CIMB Group continued to emphasise the 
adherence of the Code amongst its staff. This is done via mandatory e-learnings as well as 
annual attestation by all employees, in addition to various internal awareness programmes, 
the Code is also emphasised through disciplinary action for incidence of breaches of the 
Code. The said Code was revised in November 2022. The Code was revised in line with 
statutory changes, incorporating the Bank’s DNA namely Enabling Talent; Passion; Integrity & 
Accountability; Collaboration and Customer Centricity (“EPICC”) values, changes to the areas 
of diversity and inclusion and revision to make the Code current and updated. Employees 
have indicated in a recent organisation-wide survey that CIMB continues to demonstrate a 
strong commitment to creating an inclusive work environment.
HUMAN RESOURCES POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
The Human Resources P&P (“HRPP”) of CIMB Group provides clarity for the organisation in 
all aspects of the human resource management in CIMB Group. CIMB Group reviews its 
HRPP periodically to ensure that the P&P remain relevant, and appropriate controls are in 
place to manage operational risks. Revision to the HRPP is also conducted where there are 
relevant legislative changes requiring such revision.
Group Human Resource updates employees of changes to its P&P via email messages/
memoranda. These P&P are also easily accessible by all employees via CIMB Group’s 
intranet portal, for employees to refer to at their convenience.
PEOPLE DEVELOPMENT
As part of our continuous efforts to strengthen talent development and succession planning 
across CIMB Group, we have continued to rigorously review our succession plans for critical 
positions across the Group via a multi-tiered talent review structure to ensure sufficient 
depth is in place. Aligning to the focus towards governance and resiliency, we have also 
incorporated governance exposure as a key experiential development for our successors. 
As a
	result,
	we
	have
	maintained
	positive
	momentum
	in
	terms
	of
	our
	succession
	realisation;	
achieving over 70% for two (2) consecutive years, 2022 and 2023. This is a testament of
 
CIMB Group’s commitment to continue developing our people to take on senior leadership 
positions across the Group.
In 2023, we have also successfully launched three (3) new signature leadership development 
programmes to cater for talent and successors from the various management levels across 
the Group. The programmes were designed as leadership journeys that span across 15 to 
18 months with clear intent to drive career progression through experiential learning with 
deep emphasis on industry immersion, executive coaching, and network building within and 
beyond CIMB Group. We first kicked-off the CIMB Leading Leaders Development 
Programme, in partnership with IMD to accelerate the development of our successors and 
high performing senior leaders. Thereafter, the CIMB Emerging Leaders Development 
Programme, in partnership with Melbourne Business School was rolled out to sharpen the 
potential of our middle management talent. Last but not least, we have also successfully 
kicked-off the CIMB Junior Leaders Development Programme, in partnership with Asia School 
of Business and Global Institute for Tomorrow to drive personal leadership agility and 
strengthen the capability of our junior management talent. At this juncture, we have 172 
talent across the Group who are in the midst of going through their signature leadership 
development programmes.
Efforts to drive international assignments especially short-term secondments have also been 
ramped up to provide experiential development opportunities especially for our junior and 
middle management talent. We have since mobilised 104 employees regionally, which 
include 64 short-term secondments.
Building on our commitment to institutionalise coaching, we continued to capitalise on our 
efforts to further scale coaching to a wider target audience. The number of employees 
going through coaching assignments in 2023 have increased fourfold to 267. We also 
launched the Leaders as Coach Programme; a customised development intervention focused 
on equipping our people managers with fundamental coaching capabilities with an aim to 
strengthen their broader people management skills. Thus far, 148 middle to senior people 
managers have completed the programme accordingly. All these efforts saw the number of 
employees who have benefited from coaching and its training increased by more than 
sixfold over the past year.
In 2023, we dedicated ourselves to elevating the competency and capability of our 
workforce, aiming to strengthen our risk and compliance culture. As a strategic initiative, we 
developed an Operational Risk and Compliance competency framework and initiated a 
competency assessment for the 1.5 Line of Defence (LoD) (specifically for Designated 
Compliance and Operational Risk Officers (DCOROs), Risk Control Specialists (RCSs) and Risk 
Control Unit (RCU) Heads) and key control functions. Key training programmes have been 
identified based on the assessment results and RCU Heads have completed their respective 
Individual Development Plans. Furthermore, Compliance, Audit and Risk (CAR) exposure/
attachment have been incorporated as part of the overall talent development for 
successors. These endeavours complement our ongoing commitment to delivering and 
enhancing our broad-based and role-based risk and compliance training throughout the 
organisation. We have also started to enhance a few of our risk and compliance-related 
compulsory e-learns in 2023.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
161
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 164 ----
In our ongoing embrace of hybrid workplace arrangements, we have evolved our course 
programme management to incorporate both synchronous and asynchronous formats. This 
entails a mix of virtual or online classes, supplemented by regular face-to-face sessions and 
e-learning modules. We consistently uphold the quality of our programmes, as evidenced by 
high satisfaction ratings Encouraging a proactive approach, we empower our employees to 
take ownership of shaping their learning journey to meet individual development needs.
We have broadened our learning academy offerings to encompass emerging skills, 
knowledge, and capabilities, tailored to the evolving demands of various stakeholders and 
business functions. Simultaneously, we intensified the rollout of Sustainability programmes to 
empower our talent to champion the firm’s sustainability agenda. Moreover, we have 
elevated our digital and data learning academy to encompass the latest trends, such as AI 
applications and data analytics skills. This expansion is strategically geared toward upskilling 
roles, refining decision-making capabilities, and fostering a creative and innovative mindset 
within the workplace. Our dedication to professionalising our workforce remains unwavering, 
underscoring our commitment to upskilling and futureproofing our employees.
REMUNERATION
CIMB Group’s remuneration philosophy aims to reinforce a pay-for-performance culture 
while ensuring appropriate risk-taking behaviour.
Governance is established through CIMB Group Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
which reviews and approves remuneration policies and payouts together with the Board of 
Directors. Decisions on variable remuneration are made based on the performance of the 
respective units in CIMB Group and taking into consideration performance measures related 
to risk, compliance and controls which are incorporated into the collective and individual 
scorecards. Risk-adjusted performance measures such as Risk Adjusted Return on Capital 
are also incorporated in some of our scorecards and reporting. These performance 
measures are assessed based on independent input from CIMB Group’s risk, audit and 
compliance functions on the respective units.
CULTURE
Enabling Talent, Passion, Integrity & Accountability, Collaboration, and Customer Centricity, or 
EPICC in short, are our five core values aiming to unify #teamCIMB across the Group. These 
values serve as a key instrument in building a shared workplace culture and aligning 
personal goals to CIMB’s purpose of building a high-performing sustainable organisation to 
help advance customer and society. Launched in early 2022 through a concerted effort 
utilising multiple communication platforms and events, EPICC began to gain mindshare 
amongst #teamCIMB.
In 2023, EPICC gained momentum further through a focus on change management, 
engagement and “hardwiring” of values into structure, processes and policies. “Hardwiring” 
initiatives were targeted at key segments, including the senior leadership team. Examples of 
initiatives include the values-based 180-degree bottom-up feedback for the senior 
management staff including the Group Executive Committee (GEXCO), integration of values in 
performance appraisals for senior staff, and the launch of values-based assessment in hiring.
At the state capital town halls and EPICC Karrrnivaal, staff had opportunities to engage with 
leaders and peers, forging new bonds and breaking down silo barriers across divisions. We 
also spotlighted EPICC role models in many strategic platforms to inspire and encourage the 
embodiment of EPICC values among employees.
Leadership commitment was further fortified through centrally-led initiatives such as the 
Leadership & Culture Dialogue series (LCDS) and Multiplier Check-ins led by Heads of 
Division. With the Change Agent Network (CAN) taking the lead to implement “EPICC Hours” 
within divisions, staff awareness and ownership continued to grow. As a whole, the effort 
invested in EPICC rollout has been rewarding, evident from active staff and leaders 
participation, strong ownership from Change Agents along with a steady increase in 
followers on our social media platform, epicc.cimb on Instagram.
We continue to track the impact of EPICC initiatives through the annual Organizational 
Health Index (OHI) survey, and 2023 results have indicated a marked improvement in overall 
results, including a notable increase in EPICC scores within the OHI.
Given our focus on improving risk and compliance culture, the “Safeguarding the Bank” (STB) 
campaign was launched in 2023, aligned with the “Integrity & Accountability” pillar of our 
EPICC values. The campaign drove overall employee engagement and education on this 
topic through a series of dialogues such as Risk Control Unit (RCU) Meet, the Tarik with 
Leaders and cross-divisional leadership panel session as well as recognition opportunities via 
the Safeguarding the Bank award at the EPICC Karrrrnivaal. Additionally, a toolkit was 
cascaded across RCU teams to drive consistency in key topics such as escalation.
WHISTLE BLOWING
Whistle blowing continues to be an important tool for CIMB Group as part of its corporate 
governance process and various avenues have been established for parties (external parties, 
vendors, customers, stakeholders and staff) to whistle blow on issues for the attention of 
the management of the Bank through the available channels in CIMB Clicks, Sync-Up and 
the Bank’s Homepage. All cases received via the dedicated whistle blowing email and the 
various avenues are reviewed by the Independent Director and investigated by GCAD and 
thereafter updated to the AC of the Board.
162
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 165 ----
ANTI-BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION
As one of the core values of CIMB Group is integrity, the Group firmly believes in acting 
professionally, fairly and with integrity in all business dealings and relationships. As such, in 
line with global best practices and good governance approach, the Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption Policy (“ABC Policy”) had been established in the Group for many years.
With the implementation of S17A Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (“MACC”) Act 
coming into force in June 2020, the Board had also approved the establishment of the 
Integrity & Governance Unit (“IGU”) in September 2020 to foster the principle of abhorring 
corruption, abuse of power and malpractices. The Group Sustainability & Governance 
Committee (“GSGC”) was also delegated as the Independent Committee to provide oversight 
and advice to the Board in respect of the management of Bribery and Corruption (“B&C”) 
Risk.
The CIMB Group Integrity and Governance Framework (“IG Framework”) had also been 
established to serve as a reference in the implementation of the IGU’s functions within CIMB 
Group. The CIMB Group IG Framework is an overarching framework to oversee B&C risk, as 
well as to serve as a reference in relation to B&C matters. It aims to set out best practices 
and processes for each related policies which in aggregate would support the effective 
implementation of adequate procedures to prevent or mitigate the occurrence of bribery 
and corruption practices.
The IGU employs an annual B&C risk assessment to evaluate both the organisation’s overall 
risk level and the effectiveness of existing controls in mitigating the threats of B&C. This 
proactive approach ensures a thorough understanding of potential vulnerabilities, allowing 
the establishment of necessary action plan in response to the evolving risk and maintaining 
a robust ABC framework. In 2023, the IGU enhanced the B&C risk assessment methodology 
by incorporating additional risk factors. These now include scrutiny of gift and entertainment 
practices, bolstering whistleblowing mechanism, evaluating procurement processes, 
implementation of employee screening procedures, as well as scrutinising donation and 
sponsorship activities. This expanded approach would ensure a more comprehensive 
evaluation of potential risks and reinforces CIMB Group’s commitment to an effective and 
robust ABC framework.
BUSINESS CONTINUITY MANAGEMENT
The Business Continuity Management (“BCM”) programme, embodied within the Group BCM 
P&P, is in place to ensure that the organisation has the capabilities to minimise impact 
during operational disruptions or actual crises. The end objective of BCM is to safeguard the 
Group’s interest and to ensure continuity of services towards all of our stakeholders.
Group BCM, which resides within CIMB Group’s Non-Financial Risk Management (“NFRM”) 
Department in the second line-of-defence, plays a significant role of providing the 
methodology and tools for an integrated and standardised BCM approach across the 
organisation as well as to ensure effective coordination and supervision of all BCM activities.
Regular reviews, re-assessments and updates for BCM documentations/plans are conducted 
to ensure adequacy, effectiveness and relevance of the business recovery strategies. These 
plans are rehearsed and tested on a regular basis.
The Group BCM Steering Committee provides oversight on the BCM programme to ensure 
that the Group meets BCM statutory and regulatory responsibilities, adheres to accepted 
best practices, and aligns with the organisation’s business vision and strategy.
FRAUD RISK MANAGEMENT
Fraud risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from an act or course of deception or 
omission with the intention to conceal, omit, distort, misrepresent, falsify or etc. to: (i) gain 
unlawful/illegal/unfair personal advantages, (ii) induce another individual(s) to surrender 
willing/unwilling of a legal right/possession or (iii) damage another individual(s) resulting in a 
loss to another.
Generally, fraud can be sub-divided into the following categories:
•
 External fraud: 
Any fraud committed by non-staff, customers (first party fraud) or third 
parties. External fraud involves unexpected financial, material or reputational loss as the 
result of fraudulent action from third parties, customers, other members of the public or 
organised criminal groups, and known or unknown other third parties.
•
 Internal fraud: 
The use of one’s occupation for personal enrichment through the 
deliberate misuse of the organisation’s resources or assets. Simply stated, this type of 
fraud refers to fraud or suspected fraud perpetrated, aided or abetted by internal staff. 
In this type of fraud, a perpetrator of fraud engages in activities that are designed to 
defraud, misappropriate assets, or circumvent the regulations, law or policies of CIMB 
Group.
The Group Fraud Risk Management Framework was developed and endorsed in 2019 by 
BRCC for a consistent approach and oversight to fraud risk management activities across all 
the divisions within the Group. The four key pillars of the framework are Prevention; 
Monitoring/Detection; Handling/Response; and Recovery/Reporting.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
163
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 166 ----
The Three Lines of Defence each plays an important role to uphold CIMB Group’s core 
value and to ensure all fraud related cases/concerns/complaints received are investigated 
and escalated accordingly.
The key P&P that govern and provide details on the management of fraud risk include the 
following:
•
 Group Fraud Risk Policy; and
•
 Group Fraud Risk Governance and Procedure.
In 2023, the banking industry saw an increase in impersonation scams and authorised push
 
payment fraud. CIMB Group remains committed to customer protection through a 
comprehensive fraud risk countermeasure. This includes strong risk governance, proactive 
risk assessment, effective fraud controls leveraging on technology, as well as continuous 
fraud awareness and strong industry collaboration towards more resilient fraud risk 
management to safeguard our customers’ financial wellbeing.
SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT
The Sustainability Governance Framework defines the roles and responsibilities of Board, 
Management and the rest of the organisation in fulfilling our aspiration to build a high 
performing sustainable organisation to help advance customers and society. The Framework 
also aims to ensure that sustainability-related risks are effectively identified, assessed and 
managed in a timely manner, while improving transparency through disclosures and 
reporting to promote overall accountability. The Sustainability Governance Framework, 
including the sustainability operating model, sustainability risk management framework, as 
well as P&P, are regularly reviewed and strengthened to ensure continued relevance in view 
of emerging risks and evolving stakeholder priorities.
BOARD
The Board is the highest governance body accountable for CIMB’s sustainability strategy, our 
material Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance (“EESG”) risks and opportunities, 
including but not limited to climate-related risks and opportunities, as well as other material 
matters such as biodiversity and human rights. The sustainability-related roles and 
responsibilities of the Board are incorporated in the Board Charter.
Sustainability is also embedded in the roles and responsibilities of various Board 
Committees. Since 2021, a dedicated Group Sustainability & Governance Committee (“GSGC”) 
has been established to assist the Board in fulfilling its mandates in advocating and 
fostering a culture of sustainability, ethical conduct, and integrity across the Group. The 
GSGC provides oversight, advice and direction on the development and implementation of 
strategies, frameworks and policies for all of our material matters including but not limited 
to climate change and financial inclusion. The GSGC also oversees the management of 
bribery, corruption and other related risks and the consequence management of breaches 
thereof. Members of GSGC are guided by the Terms of Reference of GSGC.
The BRCC provides oversight and advice to the Board and Management in respect of 
sustainability risk, including defining and reviewing the Group’s sustainability-related risk 
appetites. The AC supports the Board in ensuring there is reliable and transparent reporting 
and internal control systems for sustainability-related matters, while the GNRC looks at 
diversity, equity and inclusion, considers sustainability experience in nomination of Directors, 
and builds sustainability competence of the Board.
MANAGEMENT
The Group Transformation Committee (“GTC”) was established to assist the Group CEO in 
directing and steering CIMB’s overall strategy, including sustainability, which is a key 
programme under CIMB’s Forward23+ strategy. The Group Sustainability Council (“GSC”) 
assists the Group Chief Operating & People Officer (“GCOPO”) and Group Chief Sustainability 
Officer (“GCSO”) in leading the development and successful execution of CIMB’s sustainability 
framework, in line with strategic outcomes set by the Board, GTC and/or Group CEO. The 
GSC’s roles and responsibilities include, among others, monitoring the sustainability risk 
profile of the Group’s business activities, ensuring the implementation of appropriate 
policies, procedures, and controls to mitigate identified sustainability risks, as well as 
recommend sustainability strategic plans, initiatives, and targets for approval by the GTC. 
The GSC also acts as a governing body for sustainability bond/sukuk assets.
GROUP SUSTAINABILITY DIVISION
In 2020, the Group Sustainability Division was established as its own division, with the 
creation of the role of GCSO who reports to the Group CEO via the GCOPO. The Group 
Corporate Responsibility department has also been integrated into the Group Sustainability 
Division for better synergy. The Group Sustainability Division operates on a regional 
operating model, with teams in Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand, Cambodia and country 
representatives in Vietnam and the Philippines.
164
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 167 ----
Sustainability projects and initiatives are typically executed by multidisciplinary teams from 
various BUs and BEs. For example, various sector-specific Net Zero Working Groups 
(“NZWG”) comprise of members from Wholesale and Commercial Banking, as well as Group 
Risk and Group Sustainability, and works to deliberate, develop and execute CIMB’s Net Zero 
Financed Emissions targets for key sectors.
Since 2022, we implemented the Integrated Sustainability Operating Model (ISOM) in 
Malaysia to scale up and mainstream the Group’s sustainability efforts. The ISOM model 
allows for a decentralised approach to ramp up sustainability innovation and embed 
sustainability culture, values and accountability across the Group. In 2023, we expanded this 
model to Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and Cambodia whereby full-time sustainability 
specialists and part-time champions were appointed within business units and enabling 
functions to drive sustainable finance and practices at the forefront.
SUSTAINABILITY LINKAGES TO PAY
Our commitment to sustainability is evidenced by the fact that our Group CEO, top 
management and all divisions have sustainability key performance indicators (KPIs) in their 
collective scorecards. Collective scorecards are a team-based performance appraisal system 
whereby employees are assessed as part of a collective team rather than only as individuals. 
The KPIs in these collective scorecards reflect our material matters, and their performance 
against these KPIs are directly linked to the funding of the bonus pool of all divisions, 
thereby directly impacting the compensation of the executive management and employees 
in the division.
SUSTAINABILITY RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
The Sustainability Risk Management Framework was established to identify, assess, and 
manage various sustainability risk components, including environmental, climate, economic, 
social and ethical risks. Sustainability risks are integrated into both the Group’s Risk Library 
and the Group EWRM Framework. The Sustainability Risk Management Framework also 
defines the appropriate governance, which is supported by appropriate P&P, puts in place 
risk assessment tools to improve the understanding of, and preparedness against, existing 
and emerging sustainability risks, ensures due diligence and assessment of sustainability risk 
impacts and cultivates a risk management culture through the three lines of defence, as well 
as through relevant controls and measurements for credible reporting.
Three main policies that ensure proper governance and management of sustainability risk 
are:
•
 The Group Sustainability Policy (“GSP”) outlines our overarching principles and approach
 
to sustainability and sustainability risk management;
•
 The Group Sustainable Finance Policy (“GSFP”) identifies, assesses, and manages risks
 
arising from financing of, and capital raising for, non-individual clients, especially in 
sectors that are most vulnerable to environmental and social risks, and those with 
activities that have high potential adverse impacts on the environment and society. The 
GSFP has also been implemented for investment banking deals, including Initial Public 
Offerings (“IPOs”) and Bond/Sukuk issuances. 148 sub-sectors, falling within 10 key 
industries have been identified to have high environmental and social risk, and seven 
Sector Guides are in place for Palm Oil, Forestry (including Rubber), Oil and Gas, 
Construction and Infrastructure, Coal, Mining and Quarrying and Manufacturing activities. 
A structured due diligence and escalation is in place for clients and transactions 
identified to have high sustainability risk; and
•
 The Group Human Rights Policy was adopted and formalised in July 2022. It lays out our
 
overarching commitments, principles and approaches to respecting Human Rights. 
Human Rights requirements was embedded into financing policies in August 2022 in 
Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia. In 2023, we rolled out the policy in Thailand, 
Cambodia and Vietnam.
REVIEW OF STATEMENT BY EXTERNAL AUDITORS
As required by Paragraph 15.23 of the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad Main Market Listing 
Requirements, the external auditors have reviewed this Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control. Their limited assurance review was performed in accordance with Audit and 
Assurance Practice Guide (“AAPG”) three issued by the Malaysian Institute of Accountants. 
AAPG three does not require the external auditors to form an opinion on the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group.
CONCLUSION
Through the AC, BRCC and the BSC, the Board confirms that it has reviewed the 
effectiveness of the risk management and internal control framework and regards CIMB 
Group’s internal control system as adequate in safeguarding the shareholders’ interests and 
assets of CIMB Group. The Board also confirms that an effective ongoing process for 
identifying, evaluating, and managing significant risks in CIMB Group is in place and is 
committed to continuously reviewing all controls, namely compliance and risk management 
controls.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
165
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 168 ----
RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW
A robust and effective risk management system is critical for 
the Group to achieve continued risk balanced profitability 
and create shareholder and stakeholder value in today’s 
globalised and inter-linked financial and economic 
environment.
The Group embraces risk management as an integral part of 
the Group’s strategy, business, operations and decision-
making processes. In ensuring that the Group achieves 
optimum returns whilst operating within a sound business 
environment, the risk management teams are involved at the 
early stage of the strategy discussion and risk-taking process 
by providing independent inputs, including relevant valuations 
and scenario analysis, credit evaluations, new product 
assessments and quantification of capital requirements and 
risk return analysis/simulations. These inputs enable the 
business units to assess the risk-vs-reward of their 
propositions.
ENTERPRISE WIDE RISK 
MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
The Group employs a Group Enterprise-Wide Risk 
Management (EWRM) framework as a standardised approach 
to effectively manage its risks and opportunities. The Group 
EWRM framework provides the Board and management with 
tools to anticipate and manage both existing and potential 
risks, taking into consideration evolving risk profiles as 
dictated by changes in business strategies, the external 
environment and/or regulatory environment.
The design of the Group EWRM framework incorporates a complementary ‘top-down strategic’ and ‘bottom-up tactical’ risk 
management approach. The key features of the Group EWRM framework include:
(i)
 Risk Culture: 
The Group embraces risk management as an integral part of its culture and decision-making processes. 
The Group’s risk management philosophy is embodied in the Three Lines-of-Defence approach, whereby risks are 
managed initially from the onset of risk-taking activities. There is clear accountability of risk ownership across the 
Group.
(ii)
 Governance and Organisation: 
A strong governance structure is important to ensure an effective and consistent 
implementation of the Group’s EWRM framework. The Board is ultimately responsible for the Group’s strategic 
direction, which is supported by the risk appetite and relevant risk management frameworks, policies, methodologies/
standards, and procedures. The Board is assisted by various risk committees and control functions in ensuring that 
the Group’s risk management framework is effectively implemented.
The key components of the Group EWRM framework are represented in the diagram below:
Governance and Organisation
Risk Management Infrastructure
Risk Culture
Risk Appetite
Risk Management Process
Business 
Planning
Risk Frameworks, Policies, 
Methodologies/Standards and 
Procedures
People Technology  
and Data
Risk Monitoring 
and Reporting
Risk 
Identification 
and 
Assessment
Risk 
Measurement
Risk 
Management 
and Control
166
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Risk Management

---- Page 169 ----
(iii) Risk Appetite is defined as the amount and type of risks that the Group is able and 
willing to accept in pursuit of its strategic and business objectives. Risk appetite is set 
in conjunction with the annual strategy and business planning process to ensure 
appropriate alignment between strategy, growth aspirations, operating plans, capital 
and risk.
(iv)
 Risk Management Process:
•
 Business Planning: 
Risk management is central to the business planning process, 
including setting frameworks for risk appetite, risk posture, new products and 
business activities.
•
 Risk Identification and Assessment: 
Risks are systematically identified and 
assessed through the robust application of the Group’s risk frameworks, policies, 
methodologies/standards, and procedures.
•
 Risk Measurement: 
Risks are measured and aggregated using the Group-wide 
methodologies across each of the risk types, including stress testing.
•
 Risk Management and Control: 
Risk management limits and controls are used to 
manage risk exposures within the risk appetite set by the Board. Risk management 
limits and controls are regularly monitored and reviewed in the face of evolving 
business needs, market conditions and regulatory changes. Corrective actions are 
taken to mitigate risks.
•
 Risk Monitoring and Reporting: 
Risks on an individual, as well as on a portfolio 
basis, are regularly monitored and reported to ensure they remain within the 
Group’s risk appetite.
(v)
 Risk Management Infrastructure:
•
 Risk Frameworks, Policies, Methodologies/Standards, and Procedures: 
These 
are in place to address all areas of material risks. Frameworks provide broad 
objectives and overarching risk management architecture for managing risks. 
Well-defined risk policies by risk type provide the principles by which the Group 
manages its risks. Methodologies/Standards provide specific directions that help 
support and enforce policies. Procedures provide more detailed guidance to assist 
with the implementation of policies.
•
 People: Attracting the right talent and skills is key to ensuring a well-functioning
 
Group EWRM framework. The organisation continuously evolves and proactively 
responds to the increasing complexity of the Group, as well as the economic and 
regulatory environment.
•
 Technology and Data: 
Appropriate technology and sound data management 
support risk management activities.
RISK GOVERNANCE
At the apex of the governance structure are respective Boards of entities within the Group, 
which decides on the entity’s risk appetite corresponding to its business strategies. Each 
Board Risk and Compliance Committee (BRCC) reports directly to the respective Boards and 
assumes responsibility on behalf of the respective Boards for the supervision of risk 
management and control activities. Each BRCC determines the relevant entity’s risk strategies 
and policies, keeping them aligned with the principles within the risk appetite. Each BRCC 
also oversees the implementation of the Group EWRM framework, provides strategic 
guidance and reviews the decisions of the Group Risk and Compliance Committee (GRCC).
To facilitate the effective implementation of Group EWRM framework, the BRCC has 
established various specialised/sub-risk committees within the Group, each with distinct lines 
of responsibilities and functions, which are clearly defined in the terms of reference.
The responsibility of risk management supervision and control is delegated to the GRCC, 
which reports directly to the BRCC. The GRCC, comprising senior management of the Group, 
performs the oversight function for the overall management of risks.
The GRCC is supported by specialized delegated/sub-risk committees, namely Group Credit 
Committee, Group Market and Conduct Risks Committee, Group Operational and Resiliency 
Risk Committee, Group Asset Liability Management Committee Group Asset Quality 
Committee, Group Basel Steering Committee, Management Product Approval Committee for 
Treasury Products, and Management Product Approval Committee for Non-Treasury 
Products, each addressing one or more of the following:
(i)
 Credit risk, defined as the possibility of losses due to an obligor, market counterparty
 
or an issuer of securities or other instruments held, failing to perform its contractual 
obligations to the Group;
(ii)
 Market risk, defined as fluctuations in the value of financial instruments due to changes
 
in market risk factors such as interest rates/profit rates, currency exchange rates, credit 
spreads, equity prices, commodities prices and their associated volatility;
(iii)
 Liquidity and Funding risk, defined as the current and potential risk to earnings,
 
shareholders’ funds or reputation arising from the inability to efficiently meet its 
present and future (both anticipated and unanticipated) funding needs or regulatory 
obligations when they come due, which may adversely affect its daily operations and 
incur unacceptable losses;
Integrated Annual Report 2023
167
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 170 ----
(iv) Interest rate risk/rate of return risk in the banking book, which is the current and  
potential risk to the Group’s earnings and economic value arising from movements in 
interest rates/profit rates;
(v)
 Operational risk, defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed
 
processes, people and systems, or from external events. It includes legal risk but 
excludes strategic and Shariah non-compliance risks;
(vi)
 Capital risk, defined as the risk of a bank not having sufficient capital to withstand
 
potential losses suffered in its operations. Capital is important as it can be used to 
repay depositors, customers, creditors, and other claimants in case there is insufficient 
liquidity during a crisis;
(vii)
 Technology risk, is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or weaknesses in strategy,
 
people, process, technology or external events, which includes financial risk, regulatory/
compliance risk and the risk of reputational loss/damage;
(viii)
 Fraud risk, defined as the risk of loss resulting from an act or course of deception or
 
omission with the intention to conceal, omit, distort, misrepresent, falsify or etc. to: (i) 
gain unlawful/illegal/unfair personal advantages, (ii) induce another individual(s) to 
surrender willing/unwilling of a legal right/possession or (iii) damage another 
individual(s) resulting in a loss to another;
(ix)
 Outsourcing risk, defined as the risk emanating from outsourcing arrangements that
 
could result in a disruption to business operations, financial loss or reputational 
damage to the Group;
(x)
 Shariah Non-Compliance (SNC) risk, defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions,
 
financial loss or non-financial implications including reputational damage, which CIMB 
Group may suffer arising from failure to comply with Shariah requirements determined 
by Shariah Advisory Council (SAC) of Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) and Securities 
Commission (SC), including standards on Shariah matters issued by BNM pursuant to 
Section 29(1) of the IFSA; or decisions or advice by Board Shariah Committee (BSC) of 
the CIMB Islamic Bank or other Shariah regulatory authorities of the jurisdictions where 
the Group operates;
(xi)
 Regulatory compliance risk, defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial
 
loss or non-financial implications including reputational damage, which CIMB Group 
may suffer arising from possible failure to comply with the applicable laws and 
regulations of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates; and
(xii)
 Sustainability risk, defined as the risk of financial and non-financial impact arising from
 
environmental, social and ethical issues stemming from transactions and/or activities 
associated with a business relation and its operations, and/or the Group’s own internal 
operations and employees.
The structure of CIMB Group Risk Committees is depicted in the following chart:
Our overseas subsidiaries’ risk committees are set-up in a similar structure in their 
respective jurisdictions. Whilst recognising the autonomy of the local jurisdiction and 
compliance to local requirements, the Group strives to ensure a consistent and standardised 
approach in its risk governance process. As such, Group and Regional committees have 
consultative and advisory responsibilities on regional matters across the Group as regulators 
allow. This structure increases regional communication regarding technical knowledge. It 
further enhances support towards managing and responding to risk management issues, 
thus providing the Board with a comprehensive view of the activities within the Group.
Board of Directors
Board Risk and Compliance Committee Board Shariah Committee
Group Risk and Compliance Committee
Group Operational and Resiliency Risk Committee
Group Credit Committee
Group Market and Conduct Risks Committee
Management Product Approval Committee for Treasury Products
Management Product Approval Committee for Non-Treasury 
Products
Group Asset Liability Management Committee
Group Asset Quality Committee
Group Basel Steering Committee
Group Underwriting Committee
Group Suitability Review Committee
Deal Launch Committee
168
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Risk Management

---- Page 171 ----
In addition to the CIMB Group Risk Committees, the Group has established a Group 
Sustainability and Governance Committee (GSGC) consisting of Independent Directors to 
assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities in advocating and fostering a culture/DNA of 
sustainability, ethical conduct, and integrity across the Group.
Sustainability is also embedded in the roles and responsibilities of various Board 
Committees. To ensure information-symmetry and consensus across all Board Committees 
and entity boards, with regards to the direction and progress of the Group’s sustainability 
and climate change strategy deliberated at the GSGC, selected GSGC members and 
business units such as Group Sustainability are responsible for providing relevant updates 
and inputs to the various Board Committees and entity boards on a periodic basis.
THREE LINES-OF-DEFENCE
The Group’s risk management culture is embodied through the adoption of the Three 
Lines-of-Defence philosophy, whereby risks are managed initially from the onset of risk-
taking activities. This is to ensure clear accountability of risk across the Group and Group 
Risk as an enabler of business units. As a first line-of-defence, the line management 
(including key Business Pillars and Enablers) is primarily responsible for risk management on 
a day-to-day basis by taking appropriate actions to mitigate risk through effective controls. 
The second line-of-defence provides oversight and performs independent monitoring of 
business activities with reporting to the Board and management to ensure that the Group 
conducts business and operates within the approved appetite, and is in compliance with 
regulations. The third line-of-defence is Group Corporate Assurance Division who provides 
independent assurance of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls and risk 
management processes.
THE ROLES OF GROUP CHIEF RISK OFFICER (GROUP 
CRO) AND GROUP RISK
Within the second line-of-defence is Group Risk, a function independent of business units. It 
assists the Group’s management and stakeholders in monitoring and controlling risk 
exposures within the Board-approved risk appetite statement.
Group Risk is headed by the Group CRO, appointed by the Board to lead the Group-wide 
risk management functions, including the implementation of the Group EWRM framework. 
The Group CRO:
(a)
 actively engages the respective boards and senior management on risk management
 
issues and initiatives; and
(b)
 maintains an oversight on risk management functions across all entities within the
 
Group. In each key country of operations, there is a local Chief Risk Officer or a local 
Head of Risk Management, whose main functions are to assess and manage the 
enterprise risk and liaise with regulators in the respective countries.
The organisational structure of Group Risk is made of two major components, namely the 
Chief Risk Officer and the Risk Centres of Excellence (CoE).
A. CHIEF RISK OFFICERS
i) The Group CRO is supported by the CROs who oversee the risk management  
functions in overseas branches and banking subsidiaries.
ii)
 CRO’s main function is to assess and manage the enterprise risk and liaise with
 
regulators in the respective countries/entities under his/her purview.
iii)
 For countries where a CRO is not present and/or not required, a local Head of
 
Risk Management is appointed to be the overall risk coordinator for that country.
B. RISK CENTRES OF EXCELLENCE
i) These are specialised teams of risk officers responsible for the active oversight of  
Group-wide functional risk management and the teams supporting respective CRO 
in the various geographies.
ii)
 The Risk CoEs consist of Asset Liability Management, Credit Risk, Market Risk,
 
Non-Financial Risk Management (comprising Operational, Shariah, Business 
Continuity Management, Technology, Outsourcing and Fraud Risk Management), 
Enterprise Risk and Infrastructure CoEs.
• ASSET LIABILITY MANAGEMENT COE
 The Asset Liability Management (ALM) CoE recommends the framework and  
policies for the independent assessment, measurement, monitoring and 
reporting of liquidity and funding risk and interest rate risk/rate of return risk 
in the banking book. It conducts regular stress testing on the Group’s liquidity 
and interest rate risk/rate of return risk in the banking book profile, by 
Integrated Annual Report 2023
169
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 172 ----
leveraging on the standardised infrastructure it has designed, built and 
implemented across the region. It provides the framework and tools for 
maintenance of the early warning system indicators and contingency funding 
plan by business owners across the Group.
• CREDIT RISK COE
 The Credit Risk CoE consists of Retail and Non-Retail credit risk and is  
dedicated to the assessment, measurement, management, monitoring and 
reporting of credit risk in the Group. The scope under the CoE function 
include areas ranging from development of credit risk policies, procedures and 
standards to advance portfolio analytics, and implementation of credit risk 
modelling (including rollout of alternative credit underwriting models leveraging 
on machine learning techniques for retail portfolios).
• MARKET RISK COE
 The Market Risk CoE recommends the framework and policies for independent  
assessment, measurement and monitoring of market risk. This is 
operationalised through review of treasury positions versus limits framework, 
performing mark-to-market valuation, validation of financial models, calculating 
Value-at- Risk and market risk capital, as well as performing stress testing.
• NON-FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT COE
 The Non-Financial Risk Management (NFRM) CoE ensures that the first  
line-of-defence manages their operational risk effectively by providing an 
operational risk framework that enables them to identify, assess, manage and 
report their operational risks.
 The team also provides independent feedback and assessment to the first
 
line-of-defence’s execution of the operational risk framework and acts as a 
consultant with the Group in providing operational risk expertise and reporting 
to senior management.
 The Shariah Risk Management (SRM) unit within the NFRM CoE facilitates the
 
process of identifying, measuring, controlling and monitoring SNC risks 
inherent in the Group’s Islamic banking businesses and services. It formulates, 
recommends and implements appropriate SRM policies and guidelines; as well 
as develops and implements processes for SNC risk awareness.
 NFRM CoE also extend its specialist risk oversight to cover Business Continuity
 
Management, Fraud, Technology and Outsourcing risks.
• ENTERPRISE RISK AND INFRASTRUCTURE COE
 The Enterprise Risk and Infrastructure CoE ensures the Group’s compliance to  
Basel and SCEL regulatory requirements, including Basel model and 
underwriting model development implementation and validation of risk models, 
and management of risk data for credit risk measurement and risk reporting 
across the Group. In addition, the climate risk unit within the CoE is 
responsible for working with Group Sustainability, various risk CoEs and 
business units to implement climate risk management at an enterprise level, in 
support of the Group’s 2050 net zero ambition, which is to transition all 
operational and attributable greenhouse gas emissions from the Group’s 
financing and investment portfolios in alignment with net zero pathways by 
2050.
 Sustainability risk (including climate risk) is recognised as a principal and
 
cross-cutting risk that manifests itself through existing risk types. Due to the 
cross-cutting nature of Sustainability risk, the implementation of Group-wide 
Sustainability Governance Framework is currently spearheaded and managed 
by Group Sustainability as the Sustainability CoE, which sits outside of Group 
Risk. Refer to the section on Sustainability Risk for further details. 
Notwithstanding this, Sustainability risk has been and will continue to be 
integrated into the Group’s existing risk management frameworks.
KEY AREAS OF RISK MANAGEMENT
1. CREDIT RISK
 Credit risk is defined as the possibility of losses due to an obligor, market counterparty  
or an issuer of securities or other instruments held, failing to perform its contractual 
obligations to the Group.
 Credit risk is inherent in banking activities and arises from traditional financing activities
 
through conventional loans, financing facilities, trade finance, as well as commitments 
to support clients’ obligations to third parties, e.g., guarantees/kafalah. In derivatives, 
sales and trading activities, credit risk arises from the possibility that the Group’s 
counterparties will be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligation on transactions on or 
before settlement dates.
170
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Risk Management

---- Page 173 ----
 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT
 Without effective credit risk management, the impact of the potential losses can be  
overwhelming. The purpose of credit risk management is to keep credit risk exposure 
to an acceptable level vis-à-vis the capital, and to ensure the returns commensurate 
with risks.
 Consistent with the Three Lines-of-Defence model on risk management where risks are
 
managed initially from the onset of risk-taking activities, the Group implemented the 
risk-based delegated authority framework. This promotes clarity of risk accountability 
whereby the business unit, being the first line-of-defence, manages risk in a proactive 
manner with Group Risk being independent from the business unit, function as the 
second line-of- defence. This enhances the collaboration between Group Risk and the 
business units.
 The risk-based delegated authority framework encompasses joint delegated authority,
 
enhanced credit approval process and a clear set of policies and procedures that 
defines the limits and types of authority designated to the specific individuals.
 The Group adopts a multi-tiered credit approving authority spanning from the
 
delegated authorities at business level, joint delegated authorities between business 
units and Group Risk, to the various credit committees. The credit approving 
committees are set up to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the credit 
oversight as well as the credit approval process for all credit applications originating 
from the business units. For corporate, commercial and private banking loans/ 
financing, credit applications are independently evaluated by the Credit Risk CoE team 
prior to submission to the joint delegated authority or the relevant committees for 
approval; certain business units’ officers are delegated with credit approving authority 
to approve low valued credit facilities. In addition, for loan/financing to sectors and 
clients that are exposed to high environmental and social risks, the Sustainability CoE 
conducts due diligence from an environmental and social point of view. For retail 
loans/financing, all credit applications are evaluated and approved by Consumer Credit 
Operations according to the designated delegated authority with higher limits 
submitted to joint delegated authority or relevant committees for approval.
 The GRCC, with the support of Group Credit Committee, Group Asset Quality
 
Committee, other relevant credit committees as well as Group Risk, is responsible for 
ensuring adherence to the Board’s approved risk appetite and risk posture. This, 
amongst others, includes reviewing and analysing of portfolio trends, asset quality, 
watch-list reporting and policy reviews. It is also responsible for articulating key credit 
risks and mitigating controls.
 Adherence to and compliance with country sector limit, single customer and country
 
and global counterparty limits, are approaches adopted to address concentration risk 
to any large sector or industry, or to a particular counterparty group or individual. In 
view of the tightening regulations around climate change and to support the Group’s 
Net Zero commitment by 2050, a climate overlay focusing on sector sensitivity to 
transition risks (which references the Transition Risk Heatmap developed under United 
Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative) was integrated by Group 
Sustainability into Group Risk’s Country Sector Limit Methodology for 2023. In order to 
ensure sustainability considerations are accounted for in the early stages of business 
planning, an overall sustainability rating was also developed and applied alongside 
other risk factors as part of the Risk Posture setting for 2023 to set the high level risk 
direction for the Group and its entities before the formal budget process starts.
 Adherence to the above established credit limits is monitored daily by Group Risk,
 
which combines all exposures for each counterparty or group, including off balance 
sheet items and potential exposures. For retail products, portfolio limits are monitored 
monthly by Group Risk.
 It is the Group policy that all exposures must be rated or scored based on the
 
appropriate internal rating models, where available. Retail exposures are managed on a 
portfolio basis and the risk rating models are designed to assess the credit worthiness 
and the likelihood of the obligors to repay their debts, performed by way of statistical 
analysis from credit bureau and demographic information of the obligors. The risk 
rating models for non-retail exposures are designed to assess the credit worthiness of 
the corporations or entities in paying their obligations, derived from both quantitative 
and qualitative risk factors such as financial history and demographics or company 
profile. These rating models are developed and implemented to standardise and 
enhance the credit underwriting and decision-making process for the Group’s retail and 
non-retail exposures.
 To complement the Group’s traditional rating models, Group Risk begun to develop
 
stronger predictive risk models via cutting edge machine learning techniques since 
2019. The development of predictive and powerful risk models helps enhance business 
lending/financing through better insights to new customer segments and effective risk 
management, enhance speed of models delivery, adoption of unconventional multiple 
scoring approach and hybrid risk segmentation, amongst others.
 To-date, CIMB Bank & PT Niaga TBK have implemented relevant machine learning
 
models on its retail and SME portfolio, with further expansion plans going into 2025 
and beyond.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
171
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 174 ----
 Use of machine learning models have resulted in significant increase in profitability of  
new loans/financing for unsecured products (personal loans/financing and cards) and 
uplift in volumes for Auto/Hire Purchase loans/financing. This has been achieved by a 
mix of increased loans/financing volume, improved pricing, lower losses and increase in 
approval/acceptance rates through the adoption of machine learning models. The 
incorporation of Machine Learning techniques as new risk tools/capability helps CIMB 
Bank in growing good quality loans/financing whilst ensuring that risk safeguards 
remain sound and intact.
 Credit reviews and ratings are conducted on the non- retail credit exposures on an
 
annual basis, and more frequently when material information on the obligor or other 
external factors is made available.
 The exposures are actively monitored, reviewed on a regular basis and reported
 
regularly to the GRCC and Board Risk and Compliance Committee. Asset quality is 
closely monitored so that deteriorating exposures are identified, analysed and 
discussed with the relevant business units for appropriate remedial actions, including 
recovery actions, if required.
 The Group recognises that our financing activities may have an impact on the
 
environment and society and such impact may in turn result in potential financial and 
reputational risks to the Group. Our sustainable financing approach integrates 
environmental, social and economic/ethical considerations, including climate-related 
physical and transition risks, into our credit risk assessment process for our financing 
practices and capital raising transactions, whereby clients and transactions identified to 
have high sustainability risk or potential concern are subject to a structured due 
diligence and escalation process. Refer to the section on Sustainability Risk for further 
details.
 CREDIT RISK MITIGATION
 The employment of various credit risk mitigation techniques such as appropriate credit  
structuring, and posting of collateral and/or third-party support, form an integral part of 
credit risk management process.
 Credit risk mitigants are taken, where possible, and are considered secondary recourse
 
to the obligor for the credit risk underwritten.
 All extension of secured credit facilities deemed prudent, must be appropriately and  
adequately collateralised. A credit proposal is considered secured only when the entire 
proposal is fully covered by approved collateral/securities within their approved margins 
as set out in the relevant credit policy/standard.
 Group Credit Committee or the relevant credit approving authority is empowered to
 
approve any inclusion of new acceptable collaterals/securities.
 Recognised collaterals include both financial and physical assets. Financial collaterals
 
consist of mainly cash deposits, quoted shares, unit trusts and debt securities, while 
physical collateral includes land, buildings and vehicles.
 Guarantors accepted are in line with BNM’s Capital Adequacy Framework (Basel II
 
– Risk-Weighted Assets) and Capital Adequacy Framework for Islamic Banks (Risk-
Weighted Assets) guidelines. Eligible credit protection is also used to mitigate credit 
losses in the event that the obligor/counterparty defaults.
 In mitigating the counterparty credit risks from foreign exchange and derivatives
 
transactions, the Group enters into master agreements that provide for closeout 
netting with counterparties, whenever possible. A master agreement that governs all 
transactions between two parties, creates greater legal certainty that the netting of 
outstanding obligations can be enforced upon termination of outstanding transactions 
if an event of default occurs.
 For each counterparty where credit support annex has been executed in addition to
 
master netting agreement, the Group will request for additional collateral for any 
exposures above the agreed threshold, in accordance with the terms specified in the 
relevant credit support annexes.
 The Group avoids unwanted credit or market risk concentrations by diversifying our
 
portfolios through a number of measures. Amongst others, there are guidelines in 
place relating to maximum exposure by products, counterparty, sectors and country.
2. MARKET RISK
 Market risk is defined as fluctuations in the value of financial instruments due to  
changes in market risk factors such as interest rates/profit rates, currency exchange 
rates, credit spreads, equity prices, commodities prices and their associated volatility.
 The Group hedges the exposures to market risk by employing various strategies,
 
including the use of derivative instruments.
172
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Risk Management

---- Page 175 ----
 The Group adopts various measures as part of risk management process. The GRCC  
with the assistance of Group Market and Conduct Risks Committee and its delegated 
committees ensure that the risk exposures undertaken by the Group is within the risk 
appetite approved by the Board.
 Market Risk CoE is responsible for measuring and controlling the Group’s market risk
 
through robust measurement and market risk limit monitoring while facilitating 
business growth within a controlled and transparent risk management framework. 
Market Risk CoE evaluates the market exposures using the applicable market price and 
pricing model. The valuation process is carried out with independent price verification 
requirements to ensure that financial assets/liabilities are recorded at fair value. The 
valuation methods and models used are validated by Market Risk Management 
quantitative analysts to assess their applicability relative to market conditions.
 The Group also adopts the Value-at-Risk (VaR) methodology as an approach in the
 
measurement of market risk. VaR is a statistical measure of the potential losses that 
could occur as a result of movement in market rates and prices over a specified time 
horizon within a given confidence level.
 Stress testing is conducted to capture the potential market risk exposures from an
 
unexpected market movement. In formulating stress scenarios, consideration is given to 
various aspects of the market; for example, identification of areas where unexpected 
losses can occur and areas where historical correlation may no longer hold true.
 In addition to the above, Market Risk CoE undertakes the monitoring and oversight
 
process at Treasury and Markets trading floors, which include reviewing and analysing 
treasury trading activities vis-à-vis changes in the financial markets, monitoring limits 
usage, assessing limits adequacy and verifying transaction prices.
3. LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING RISK
 Liquidity and funding risk is defined as the current and potential risk to earnings,  
shareholders’ funds or our reputation arising from the Group’s inability to efficiently 
meet our present and future (both anticipated and unanticipated) funding needs or 
regulatory obligations when they come due, which may adversely affect our daily 
operations and incur unacceptable losses. Liquidity risk arises from mismatches in the 
timing of cash flows.
 The objective of the Group’s liquidity risk management is to ensure that the Group can
 
meet its cash obligations in a timely and cost-effective manner. To this end, the 
Group’s liquidity risk management policy is to maintain high quality and well diversified 
portfolios of liquid assets and sources of funds under both business-as-usual and 
stress conditions. Due to its large delivery network and marketing focus, the Group is 
able to maintain a diversified core deposit base comprising of savings, demand and 
term deposits, thus providing the Group with a stable, large funding base from 
individuals, SMEs, corporates and financial institutions segments. The Group maintains 
some buffers of liquidity throughout the year to ensure safe and sound operations 
from a strategic, structural and tactical perspective.
 The day-to-day responsibility for liquidity risk management and control in each
 
individual entity is delegated to the respective Country Asset Liability Management 
Committee, which subsequently reports to Group Asset Liability Management 
Committee. The Group Asset Liability Management Committee meets at least once a 
month to discuss the liquidity risk and funding profile of the Group. The key liquidity 
risk metrics comprise of internal liquidity gaps or cashflow maturity profile mismatches 
under business-as-usual and stress scenarios, regulatory Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), which are measured and monitored regularly. LCR 
is a quantitative regulatory requirement which seeks to ensure that banking institutions 
hold sufficient High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) to withstand an acute liquidity stress 
scenario over a 30-calendar-day horizon. The Group monitors and reports LCR and 
NSFR based on the BNM LCR and NSFR Policy Document dated 25 August 2016 and 
31 July 2019 respectively. The effective date for NSFR is 1 July 2020. As part of its 
ordinary course of business, the Bank maintains the LCR and NSFR above the 
regulatory requirements. In addition, liquidity risk stress testing under various scenarios 
covering bank-specific (idiosyncratic), market-wide and combined crises is performed 
regularly to identify sources of potential liquidity strain. Liquidity risk positions based on 
balance sheet forecasts and relevant risk drivers are projected to help in business 
planning.
 In addition to regulatory limits, liquidity risk undertaken by the Group is governed by a  
set of established liquidity risk limits and appetite. Management Action Triggers (MATs) 
have been established to alert the management to potential and emerging liquidity 
pressures. The Group’s Liquidity Risk Management Policy is subjected to periodic 
review. The assumptions, risk limits and appetite are regularly reviewed in response to 
regulatory changes, changing business needs and market conditions.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
173
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 176 ----
 The Asset Liability Management function, which is responsible for the independent  
monitoring of the Group’s liquidity risk profile, works closely with Treasury and Markets 
in its surveillance on market conditions. Business units are responsible for establishing 
and maintaining strong business relations with their respective depositors and key 
providers of funds. Overseas branches and subsidiaries should seek to be self- 
sufficient in funding at all times. Treasury and Markets only acts as a global provider of 
funds on a need-to or contingency basis. Each entity has to prudently manage its 
liquidity position to meet its daily operating needs.
 The Group’s Contingency Funding Plan (CFP) is in place to alert and enable the
 
management to act effectively and efficiently during a liquidity or funding crisis and 
under adverse market conditions. The CFP is subjected to regular testing.
4. INTEREST RATE RISK/RATE OF RETURN RISK IN THE  
BANKING BOOK
 Interest rate risk/rate of return risk in the banking book is defined as the current and  
potential risk to the Group’s earnings and economic value arising from movement in 
interest rates/profit rates.
 The Group manages its banking book exposure to fluctuations in interest rates/profit
 
rates through policies established by Group Asset Liability Management Committee. The 
Group Asset Liability Management Committee is a board-delegated committee which 
reports to the GRCC. Interest rate risk/rate of return risk in the banking book 
undertaken by the Group is governed by an established risk appetite that defines the 
acceptable level of risk to be assumed by the Group. The risk appetite is established 
by the Board. With the support from Asset Liability Management CoE under Group 
Risk, EXCO Balance Sheet Management under Group Corporate Treasury and Capital 
Management under Group Finance, the Group Asset Liability Management Committee 
is responsible for steering the Group’s balance sheet and hedging strategies, the 
overall interest rate risk/rate of return risk in the banking book profile and ensuring 
that such risk profile is within the established risk appetite. Interest rate risk/rate of 
return risk in the banking book exposure based on balance sheet forecasts and 
relevant risk drivers are projected to help in business and hedging strategies planning. 
Treasury and Markets, together with EXCO Balance Sheet Management and Capital 
Management, are responsible for day-to-day management of exposures and gapping 
activities including execution of hedging strategies.
 Interest rate risk/rate of return risk in the banking book is measured by:
(i)
 Economic Value of Equity (EVE) sensitivity measures the long-term impact of
 
sudden interest rate/profit rate movement across the full maturity spectrum of 
the Group’s assets and liabilities. It defines and quantifies interest rate risk/rate of 
return risk as the change in the economic value of equity (e.g., present value of 
potential future earnings and capital) as asset portfolio values and liability portfolio 
values would rise and fall with changes in interest rates/profit rates. This measure 
helps the Group to quantify the risk and impact on capital with the focus on 
current banking book positions.
(ii)
 Earnings-at-Risk (EAR) is the potential impact of interest rate/profit rate changes
 
on the Bank’s accruing or reported earnings. It focuses on risk-to-earnings in the 
near term, typically the next one year. Fluctuations in interest rates/profit rates 
generally affect reported earnings through changes in the Bank’s net interest/profit 
income, which is the difference between total interest/profit income earned from 
assets and total interest/profit expense incurred from liabilities. The Group’s EAR 
is taking into consideration forecasts on new business generation and product 
pricing strategies.
5. OPERATIONAL RISK
 Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes, people  
and systems or from external events. It includes legal risk but excludes strategic and 
Shariah non-compliance risks.
 OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT
 The NFRM CoE, within Group Risk, provides the methodology, tools and processes for  
the identification, assessment, reporting, and management of operational risks by the 
respective risk owners across the Group. Identified risks are rated using a defined risk 
rating methodology applied across the Group’s Three Lines-of- Defence. The NFRM CoE 
also independently oversees the identification and monitoring of operational risk and 
controls that resides within the first line-of-defence.
 Monitoring of the identified risks is primarily done through the Operational Risk
 
Committee or relevant risk management committees operating in each material 
geography and business line. These committees report up to the relevant functional or 
country level committees.
174
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Risk Management

---- Page 177 ----
 The Group Operational and Resiliency Risk Management Committee (GORRC) is the  
committee established at the Group-level that is tasked to oversee the operational risk 
framework and policies to ensure they are appropriate for the size and complexity of 
the current and future operations of CIMB Group and make recommendation to the 
Group Risk and Compliance Committee (GRCC) for approval. GORRC oversees and 
monitors the overall operational risk control environment of CIMB Group and reports 
to the GRCC on material operational and reputational risks. Reputation risk is defined 
as current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from the adverse 
perception by the stakeholders about the Group’s business practices, conduct or 
financial condition.
 OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT APPROACH
 CIMB Group recognises that the key determinant for a well-managed banking operation  
is to cultivate an organisation-wide risk management discipline and culture.
 The Group manages operational risks through the following key measures:
•
 Sound risk management practices in accordance with regulatory guidelines;
•
 Management oversight;
•
 Well-defined responsibilities for all personnel concerned;
•
 Establishment of a risk management culture;
•
 Deployment of Operational Risk Management (ORM) tools that include:
–
 Operational Event and Loss Data Management;
–
 Risk and Control Self-Assessment;
–
 Control Issue Management;
–
 Key Risk Indicators;
–
 Product Approval Process; and
–
 Scenario Analysis.
 These tools form part of the operational risk framework that allows the Group to
 
effectively identify, measure, mitigate and report its operational risks. Each material 
division of the CIMB Group self-assesses on their internal risk and control environment 
rating and report key control deficiencies with remediation plans.
 NFRM CoE continues to leverage on data analytics via its established Group-wide  
Operational Risk Dashboards to facilitate regional standardisation and prioritisation of 
risk issues. Comprehensive Key Risk Indicator dashboards that significantly enhance risk 
sensing, particularly emerging risk trends and monitoring coverage capabilities are also 
in place to facilitate oversight over key risk areas. These Dashboards are continuously 
enhanced and calibrated to strengthen risk management by generating pre-emptive 
actionable insights.
 Each new product and product variation including changes to the product related
 
process flow is subjected to rigorous risk review, where all critical and relevant areas of 
risk are being appropriately identified and assessed independently from the risk takers 
or product owners.
 The promotion of a risk management culture within the Group, whereby the demand
 
for integrity and honesty is non-negotiable, and remains the core theme in our 
operational risk awareness programme. Additionally, the e-learning module on 
operational risk management has enhanced the awareness of operational risk amongst 
the staff.
6. TECHNOLOGY RISK
 Technology risk, is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or weaknesses in strategy,  
people, process, technology or external events, which includes financial risk, regulatory/
compliance risk and the risk of reputational loss/damage.
 The management of technology risk comes under the broader umbrella of operational
 
risk within the Enterprise Risk Management Framework and forms the independent 
second line-of-defence under the Three Lines-of-Defence model adopted by CIMB. 
Group Technology Risk Management (GTRM) reports into NFRM CoE and is the owner 
of the Group Technology Risk Management Framework (GTRMF) and Group Technology 
Risk Management Policy (GTRMP). GTRM is responsible to ensure enterprise-wide 
implementation of the GTRMF/GTRMP while ensuring compliance to relevant regulatory 
policies and guidelines.
 GTRM actively engages with the first line-of-defence through projects, initiatives and
 
events, to identify technology risks and validates completeness and effectiveness of 
controls to avoid risk of recurring disruptions. In addition, GTRM reviews risk 
assessments performed by Business Units and independent parties, for technology 
related programmes and processes and recommends appropriate improvements. 
GTRM also partners with Group BCM to ensure resiliency of the technology service.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
175
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 178 ----
 Under the Group Risk governance framework, GTRM reports regularly into GORRC,  
GRCC and BRCC to provide independent oversight and deliberations on technology 
risks based on the approved Technology Risk Appetite which has been enhanced in 
2023. As the Group pursues its digital programme under Forward23+, GTRM plays a 
key role in advising on risks associated with Cloud initiatives to ensure that the relevant 
controls are in place to secure these solutions. GTRM has continued to enhance its 
oversight & validation in 2023 though the execution of the annual Red Teaming (a 
practice of testing the effectiveness of security of an organisation’s systems, processes, 
people, by emulating a malicious actor and hacking into secure systems or data), 
Independent Risk Assessment on thematic risks and cyber drill.
7. FRAUD RISK
 Fraud risk is the risk of loss resulting from an act or course of deception or omission  
with the intention to conceal, omit, distort, misrepresent, falsify or etc. to: (i) gain 
unlawful/illegal/unfair personal advantages, (ii) induce another individual(s) to surrender 
willing/unwilling of a legal right/possession or (iii) damage another individual(s) resulting 
in a loss to another.
 The Three Lines-of-Defence risk management model deployed within the Group plays
 
an important role in upholding CIMB Group’s core values and to ensure all fraud 
related cases/concerns/complaints received are investigated and escalated accordingly. 
Group Fraud Risk Management (GFRM), which is part of NFRM CoE, acts as the second 
line-of-defence in fraud risk management and is the owner of the Group Fraud Risk 
Policy and Group Fraud Risk Procedure. The policies and procedures are designed to 
prevent, detect and respond to the associated legal, regulatory, reputation and financial 
risks for fraud incidents occurring in and having an impact to CIMB Group, its 
customers and counterparties.
 GFRM is also responsible for conducting reviews of systems and procedures to identify
 
and assess risks faced by the business, as well as introducing fraud controls that are 
best suited to the business unit. In addition to this, GFRM tracks and monitors (i) fraud 
event reported with the Group and (ii) turn-around time of fraud investigations to 
ensure all suspected fraud events are attended to in a timely manner with monthly 
update/oversight by the GORRC.
 The banking industry continues to face a dynamic and evolving fraud risk landscape,  
driven by advancements in technology, changes in consumer behaviour, and the 
emergence of new fraud typologies. In 2023, the industry witnessed a notable rise in 
impersonation scams and authorised push payment (“APP”) fraud, highlighting the need 
for continuous vigilance and adaptation in fraud mitigation strategies.
 In navigating the ever-evolving fraud landscape, the Group remains committed to
 
protecting our customers’ funds and investments and has implemented comprehensive 
fraud risk countermeasures, including proactively promoting the understanding and 
assessment of risk and facilitating the development of risk management strategy with 
relevant business units to deal with identified fraud concerns. In 2023, the Group 
established a Banking Fraud Oversight Committee jointly chaired by two Senior 
Independent Non-Executive Directors (“SINED”) to support the Board in providing 
focused oversight over the management of online banking frauds and data breach 
incidents. In addition, to drive a strong fraud-resilient culture, continuous fraud-
awareness is provided to our customers and employees via both mainstream and 
social media platforms to inculcate a better understanding and awareness of fraud 
prevention.
8. OUTSOURCING RISK
 Outsourcing risk, defined as the risk emanating from outsourcing arrangements that  
could result in a disruption to business operations, financial loss or reputational 
damage to CIMB Group.
 As CIMB relies on a number of outsourced service providers for their expertise,
 
scalability, knowledge and cost savings through services rendered, any failure from a 
critical service provider could severely disrupt and/or impact business operations.
 Group Outsourcing, a unit within NFRM CoE, has implemented several initiatives to
 
strengthen and manage its approach towards Outsourcing risk including the 
establishment of a Group Outsourcing Policy and Procedures, which outlines the 
controls required in managing outsourcing arrangements with an outsourced service 
provider. This includes periodic reviews on performance of service providers, 
establishment of predictive key risk indicators to identify potential service degradations 
and collaboration with GBCM and GTRM to strengthen business continuity and 
technology resiliency to disruptions.
176
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Risk Management

---- Page 179 ----
9. SHARIAH NON-COMPLIANCE RISK
 The SNC risk refers to the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss or  
non-financial implications including reputational damage which the Group may suffer 
arising from failure to comply with Shariah requirements as determined by Shariah 
Advisory Council (SAC) of Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) and Securities Commission (SC), 
including standards on Shariah matters issued by BNM pursuant to Section 29(1) of 
the Islamic Financial Services Act (IFSA); decisions or advice by Board Shariah 
Committee (BSC); or other Shariah regulatory authorities of the jurisdictions where the 
Group operates.
 The Group has a Group Shariah Advisory and Board Shariah Committee Secretariat
 
Policy in place, which governs the roles and responsibilities of BSC, overall Shariah 
compliance functions and Shariah governance processes of CIMB Group. Monitoring of 
Shariah compliance and Shariah governance is carried out through Shariah Review and 
Shariah Audit functions, supported by Shariah Risk Management (SRM) control 
measures and Shariah and Governance.
 SRM is facilitated by the SRM unit within NFRM CoE by implementing a systematic and
 
consistent approach to the management of SNC risk. The objectives, mission, guiding 
principles, governance structure, as well as the methodology and approach adopted by 
the Group in managing SNC risk, are articulated in the Shariah Risk Management Policy 
(SRMP).
 Apart from monitoring and analysing the SNC events or incidences submitted by Risk
 
Control Unit (RCU)/Designated Compliance and Operational Risk Officers (DCORO) to 
Shariah Review and Assurance CoE under Group Legal and Compliance for escalation 
to Potential Shariah Non-Compliance (PSNC) Committee and BSC and reporting to the 
relevant risk committees, SRM unit also actively participates in the Islamic products and 
services development process to ensure that all SNC risk are appropriately identified, 
assessed, managed and controlled. The new products and services as well as internal 
policies and procedures that are applicable to Islamic banking businesses are subject 
to prior approval from BSC before implementation.
 The appropriate treatment of any SNC income or earnings shall be advised by the BSC,
 
which may include but is not limited to, channelling the SNC income or earnings to 
charitable organisation or returning the SNC income or earnings to customers.
 In 2023, SRM conducted an analysis on staff knowledge adequacy in handling Islamic  
banking products and services. This is to ensure staff involved in Islamic banking 
business and operations have adequate knowledge on Shariah principles as well as 
Islamic banking products and services as part of control measures in managing SNC 
risk in CIMB. Although no major issues were discovered during the review, several 
recommendations were made to strengthen the existing learning structure. In addition, 
to ensure SNC key risk indicator is robust to identify SNC risk and their potential 
impact on Islamic business performance, SRM reviewed the current SNC key risk 
indicator reporting procedures that is appropriate for the current SNC risk 
environment. No major issues were discovered during the review.
 Shariah Risk Awareness for RCUs and DCOROs is one of the SNC risk mitigation
 
measures adopted by our Group. Shariah Risk Awareness is part of the On-Boarding 
Risk & Compliance Training and RCU Forum for RCUs and DCOROs that is conducted 
on a quarterly basis.
10.  BUSINESS CONTINUITY MANAGEMENT
 The Business Continuity Management (BCM) programme, embodied within the Group  
BCM P&P, is in place to ensure the organisation has the capabilities to minimise 
impact during operational disruptions or actual crises. The end objective of BCM is to 
safeguard the Group’s interest and to ensure continuity of services towards all of our 
stakeholders.
 Group BCM (GBCM), which resides within CIMB Group’s NFRM CoE Department in the
 
second line of defence, plays a significant role of providing the methodology and tools 
for an integrated and standardised BCM approach across the organisation as well as to 
ensure effective coordination and supervision of all BCM activities.
 Regular reviews, re-assessments and updates for BCM documentations/plans are
 
conducted to ensure adequacy, effectiveness and relevance of the business recovery 
strategies. These plans are rehearsed and tested on a regular basis.
 The Group BCM Steering committee provides oversight on the BCM programme to
 
ensure that the Group meets BCM statutory and regulatory responsibilities, adheres to 
accepted best practices, and aligns with the organisation’s business vision and strategy.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
177
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 180 ----
11.  REGULATORY COMPLIANCE RISK
 Regulatory compliance risk, defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial  
loss or non-financial implications including reputational damage, which CIMB Group 
may suffer arising from possible failure to comply with the applicable laws and 
regulations of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.
12.  SUSTAINABILITY RISK
 Sustainability risk is defined as the risk of financial and non-financial impact arising  
from environmental, social and ethical issues stemming from transactions and/or 
activities associated with a business relation and its operations, and/or the Group’s own 
internal operations and employees.
 The Sustainability Governance Framework defines the roles and responsibilities of
 
Board, management and the rest of the organisation in fulfilling our aspiration to 
become a high performing purpose-driven organisation to help advance customers and 
society. The Framework also aims to ensure that sustainability-related risks are 
effectively identified, assessed and managed in a timely manner, while improving 
transparency through disclosures and reporting to promote overall accountability. The 
Sustainability Governance Framework, including the sustainability operating model, 
sustainability risk management framework, as well as policies and procedures, are 
regularly reviewed and strengthened to ensure continued relevance in view of 
emerging risks and evolving stakeholder priorities.
 Three main policies ensure proper governance and management of sustainability risks
 
across the Group. These are:
•
 Group Sustainability Policy (GSP), which outlines our overarching principles and
 
approach to sustainability and sustainability risk management.
• Group Sustainable Financing Policy (GSFP), which identifies, assesses, and manages
 
risks arising from financing and capital raising activities of non-individual clients, 
especially in sectors that are most vulnerable to environmental and social risks, and 
those with activities that have high potential adverse impacts on the environment and 
society. 148 sub-sectors within10 main industries have been classified as high 
sustainability risk sectors, and a total of seven Sector Guides are in place for Palm Oil, 
Forestry (including Rubber), Oil and Gas, Construction and Infrastructure, Coal, Mining 
and Quarrying and Manufacturing sectors. A structured due diligence and escalation is 
in place for clients and transactions identified to have high sustainability risk.
•
 Group Human Rights Policy (GHR), which lays out our overarching commitments,
 
principles and approaches to respecting Human Rights.
13.  BASEL IMPLEMENTATION
 Since July 2010, BNM has approved CIMB Group’s migration to Internal Rating Based  
Approach for credit risk. CIMB Bank Group applies the Advanced Internal Ratings-Based 
Approach for retail exposures and the Foundation Internal Ratings-Based Approach for 
corporate exposures. CIMB Investment applies the Standardised Approach. The Group’s 
operational risk is based on the Basic Indicator Approach. The Group’s market risk is 
based on Standardised Approach.
 The Group is complying with the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable
 
Funding Ratio (NSFR) requirements per BNM LCR Policy Document dated 25 August 
2016 and BNM NSFR Policy Document dated 31 July 2019 respectively.
14.  TRANSITIONING FROM COVID-19
 CREDIT RISK
 COVID-19 had a material adverse impact on the global economy, impacting businesses  
as well as individuals. Since 2020, the Group had aligned with local regulators across 
all markets in offering relief and assistance programmes to impacted customers – 
payment relief plans as well as Restructuring and Rescheduling programmes. Majority 
of relief assistance programmes prescribed by regulators have been phased out. The 
Group still continues to offer bespoke assistance programmes to customers who still 
need, in the form of restructuring and rescheduling.
 BUSINESS CONTINUITY MANAGEMENT
 The Group continues to implement COVID-19 preventive measures where required, led  
by the Group Crisis Management Committee to ensure the safety of our customers, 
staff and stakeholders, while ensuring banking as an essential service remains available 
throughout this pandemic period.
 The Standard Operating Procedure on COVID-19 is in place to provide staff with
 
guidance on the latest safety measures and protocols where required.
178
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Risk Management

---- Page 181 ----
OVERVIEW
The Audit Committee of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad (Group AC) is committed to its role of 
ensuring high corporate governance practices and providing oversight on the Group’s 
financial reporting, risk management and internal control systems.
As at 26 February 2024, the Group AC comprises three (3) members, all of whom are 
Independent Non-Executive Directors and Banking Group Audit Committee (Banking Group 
AC) comprises six (6) members, all of whom are Independent Non-Executive Directors.
The Group AC undertakes the functions of Audit Committee of CIMB Bank, CIMB Islamic 
Bank and CIMB Investment Bank and their subsidiaries and branches within and outside 
Malaysia. The Group AC also has an oversight over other regional countries and Touch’ n 
Go Sdn Bhd through annual Joint AC meetings.
1. ATTENDANCE OF MEETINGS
 The details of the Group AC membership and meetings held in 2023 are as follows:
Number of 
Committee Meetings
Name of Committee Member Status Held Attended
Dato’ Mohamed Ross bin Mohd Din Chairman/ 
Independent Director
16 16
Ms Ho Yuet Mee Independent Director 16 16
Datin Azlina Mahmad
(appointed w.e.f. 1 May 2023)
Independent Director 10 9
En Didi Syafruddin Yahya
(resigned w.e.f. 8 October 2023)
Independent Director 12 11
 In addition to the 16 meetings held to deliberate on matters relating to the Group
 
(which includes 15 Joint AC meetings attended by Banking Group AC), 30 other 
meetings were held by members of the Banking Group AC to deliberate on matters 
relating to the three Malaysian banking entities, making a total of 46 meetings for the 
year.
 The details of the Banking Group AC membership and meetings held in 2023 are as
 
follows:
Number of 
Committee Meetings
Name of Committee Member Status Held Attended
Dr Nurmazilah Dato’ Mahzan
(appointed w.e.f. 3 August 2023)
Chairman/ 
Independent Director
13 13
Ms Ho Yuet Mee Independent Director 30 30
Dr Azura Othman Independent Director 30 30
Mr Ahmed Baqar Rehman Independent Director 30 30
Ms Kee E Lene
(appointed w.e.f. 15 March 2023)
Independent Director 24 21
Ms Tan Ting Min
(appointed w.e.f. 1 May 2023)
Independent Director 19 18
Puan Nadzirah Abd Rashid
(retired w.e.f. 14 September 2023)
Independent Director 22 22
 Deliberations at the AC meetings were robust and detailed, generally lasting for a few
 
hours. Minutes of the AC meetings held were provided to members of the respective 
Boards. The Board would be briefed on the significant matters deliberated during the 
AC meetings.
 The Group AC were also attended by Group Chief Executive Officer, Group Chief
 
Financial Officer and the Group Chief Internal Auditor (“Group CIA”), by invitation while 
the attendance of other Senior Management, is dependent on matters deliberated by 
the Group AC. Meanwhile, Management of the relevant Business Units were invited to 
Banking Group AC to provide explanations on control gaps and remediation actions 
undertaken arising from the observations highlighted in the audit reports.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
179
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Audit Committee Report

---- Page 182 ----
2. AUTHORITY
 The AC is a Board delegated committee. In discharging its duties, the AC has explicit  
authority to investigate any matter within its terms of reference. It has full access to 
and co-operation from Management and full discretion to invite any Director or 
Executive Officer to attend its meetings. The AC shall have the necessary resources 
from the Group to discharge its functions effectively. The AC has full and unrestricted 
access to information and is able to obtain independent professional advice, if 
necessary, with any expenses related thereto to be borne by the Group.
3. SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES IN 2023
 The AC has carried out the following activities in financial year ended 31 December  
2023, in the discharge of its roles and responsibilities:
 INTERNAL AUDIT PROCESS
a. Approved the annual internal audit plan and the mid-year review of the plan for  
FY2023. Reviewed the audit plan for Business Units and Business Enablers based 
on risk assessment conducted, adequacy of scope, coverage and audit resource 
and skills requirements.
b.
 Approved the scorecard of GCAD and KPIs for GCIA and evaluated the GCIA’s
 
annual performance together with the remuneration payout.
c.
 Reviewed the audit activities undertaken by GCAD and across the region covering
 
the planned audit assignments including regulatory audits, investigations, ad hoc 
assignments, review of policies and procedures, frameworks and IT projects, 
together with audit outcome on quarterly basis.
d.
 Evaluated GCAD’s overall performance for 2023 based on the scorecard approved
 
and provided written feedback for improvements.
e.
 Reviewed the minutes of meeting on matters deliberated at Audit Issue Resolution
 
Committee (AIRCom) meeting relating to audit findings, risk, implication, root 
cause(s) and Management remedial action plans to address the recommendations.
f.
 Reviewed and approved any Management’s requests on audit observations
 
remediation timeline extension, taking into consideration the justifications 
provided.
g.
 Reviewed, deliberated, and endorsed the Statement on Risk Management and
 
Internal Control (SORMIC), Corporate Governance Overview Statement and Report 
for Board’s approval and disclosure in the FY2023 Annual Report.
h.
 Reviewed, deliberated, and approved Audit Committee Report for incorporation in
 
FY2023 Annual Report.
i.
 Continued monitoring the achievement requirement on Certification of Banking
 
Auditors (CBA) as imposed by Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB).
 EXTERNAL AUDIT PROCESS
a. Reviewed the results of PwC’s audit together with their recommendations and  
Management’s response to their findings highlighted in Audit Committee Report 
and Internal Control Report for FY2022, limited review of the unaudited financial 
statements for the financial period ended 30 June 2023.
b.
 Reviewed and approved the External Auditor’s 2023 audit plan and scope of work
 
on 22 August 2023
c.
 Held a closing meeting of external audits with the External Auditor to review the
 
financial results, MFRS 9 related matters, credit, finance & treasury related 
matters, IT general control findings, and tax related matters and other areas of 
concerns identified.
d.
 Held 3 private meetings with external without the presence of the Group
 
Management and Executive Directors on 25 January 2023, 27 March 2023 and 
27 November
	2023
	to
	discuss
	relevant
	issues
	and
	obtain
	feedback
	for	
improvements, pursuant to the Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee.
e.
 Reviewed and recommended for Board’s approval the audit fees and provision of
 
non-audit services by the External Auditor in accordance with established 
procedures; evaluated whether such non-audit services would impair the External 
Auditor’s independence and objectivity. Other areas assessed were scope and 
proposed fees for the non-audit services and competitiveness of fees quoted.
180
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Audit Committee Report

---- Page 183 ----
f. Reviewed and assessed the performance of external auditors covering  
performance, independence, and objectivity pursuant to the requirements as set 
out in Bank Negara Malaysia’s Policy Document on External Auditor and based on 
the set of criteria stipulated in the Group’s Policies and Procedures for 
Appointment and Reappointment of External Auditors for Audit and Non-Audit 
Services. Completed the annual assessment on the External Auditor in November 
2023 prior to recommendation to the Board on its reappointment.
 Accordingly, the areas assessed included:
•
 Level of knowledge, capabilities experience and quality of previous work
•
 Level of engagement with the ACs
•
 Ability to provide constructive observations and recommendations
•
 Appropriateness of audit approach and the effectiveness of audit planning
•
 Timeliness of audit deliverables
•
 Non-audit services rendered by the External Auditor so that it does not
 
impede their independence.
•
 Feedback on service level by Management in regard to their involvement with
 
the external auditors during the course of audit.
g.
 Reviewed the Management Representation Letters to the external auditors in
 
relation to their limited review of the financial results for the six months ended 30 
June 2023 and the statutory audit for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
before recommending it for the Board’s approval.
 INTEGRITY, GOVERNANCE, RISK AND CONTROL
a. Reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal  
controls, financial reporting and risk management (based on audit plan coverage).
b.
 Reviewed the Group’s compliance with regulatory requirements and internal
 
policies (based on audit plan coverage).
c.
 Reviewed the findings of major investigations and whistleblowing cases, and to
 
ascertain that appropriate and prompt remedial actions are taken by 
management.
d.
 Reviewed the internal control issues identified by internal, external and regulatory
 
auditors, Management’s response to audit recommendations and the 
implementation of agreed action plans. For audits with adverse audit ratings and 
audit areas deemed to be critical, AC engages with Management more actively to 
resolve any control weaknesses identified.
e.
 Encouraged robust discussion on emerging risks, key challenges and operational
 
concerns, including requiring Management to present their strategies and action 
plans in achieving established objectives.
f.
 Reviewed the efficiency of GCAD’s operations and the economical utilisation of its
 
resources.
g.
 Held joint meetings with the respective ACs and Management of CIMB Niaga,
 
CIMB Thai, CIMB Cambodia, CIMB Singapore, CIMB Vietnam, CIMB Philippines and 
Touch ‘n Go Sdn Bhd. In each of the meetings, the audit related issues of the 
respective businesses, operations and control environments were presented and 
discussed.
h.
 AC Chairman of CIMB Group provided oversight on the effective implementation
 
of the CIMB Group Policy on whistle blowing pursuant to BNM Corporate 
Governance Framework; any concerns on illegal, unethical or questionable 
practices escalated to the AC Chairman via the dedicated whistle blowing email 
address objectively investigated and addressed.
 AUDIT ISSUES RESOLUTION COMMITTEE (AIRCOM)
a. AIRCom, an AC delegated committee, assisted the AC in ensuring the effectiveness  
of management actions in addressing key risks and internal control weaknesses. 
The appointment of AIRCom Chairman and Alternate Chairman (held by Senior 
Management) require the AC’s approval.
b.
 The AIRCom’s key activities include:
•
 Discussed key observations arising from audits and investigations conducted
 
and the effectiveness of corrective actions taken; where necessary, the relevant 
responsible party would attend AIRCom.
•
 Ascertained that appropriate and prompt remedial actions are taken by
 
management to address the internal control lapses, potential risks and 
compliance issues on a holistic manner.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
181
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 184 ----
• Monitored and followed up on the AC’s recommendations for appropriate  
remedial actions by management.
•
 Reviewed findings to identify common themes and holistic solutions to address
 
the root cause(s).
•
 Discussed Business Units/Business Enablers’ (BU/BEs) rationale for target date
 
extension relating to regulatory requirements and extensions requiring more 
than 6 months to complete from original target date (include action items for 
observations raised by regulators and external auditors), and to update the AC 
on AIRCom’s deliberations/recommendations for appropriate decision.
•
 Assessed BU/BEs decision for risk acceptance and will not be taking remedial
 
actions upon further cost-benefit analysis (include action items for 
observations raised by regulators and external auditors), and to notify the AC 
on management’s justifications, mitigating actions and approving authority.
c.
 The AIRCom meetings were held monthly (or as and when required) prior to any
 
AC meetings for the month; minutes of the AIRCom meetings were submitted to 
AC for notification and discussion.
 FINANCIAL REPORTING
a. Reviewed the annual audited financial statements and quarterly unaudited  
financial results of the Group as well as the draft announcements before 
recommending them for the Board’s approval.
b.
 Reviewed the financial results prior to the approval by the Board; discussed the
 
following as highlighted by the External Auditor in audited financial reports:
•
 Significant accounting and audit matters involving credit, treasury and finance
 
(i.e. impairment assessment, other assets and other liabilities)
•
 Tax related matters
•
 Information technology matters
•
 Summary of any uncorrected misstatements
•
 MFRS 9 related matters
c. In relation to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December  
2023, the AC at its meeting held on 26 January 2024 was briefed by the External 
Auditors on the Key Audit Matters included in the Independent External Auditors’ 
Report. These are matters regarded as most significant by the External Auditors in 
the audit of the financial statements of the Group and the Company, which 
involved significant judgement and estimates by the Management. The AC is 
satisfied that based on the audit procedures performed by the External Auditors, 
no material exceptions were noted on those matters.
d.
 Reviewed write-off proposals as presented by the Management before
 
recommending them for the Board’s approval in accordance to established policy.
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (RPTS) AND CONFLICT OF  
INTEREST
a. Reviewed the reports of RPTs taking into account the nature and underlying  
details of the transactions, in establishing any potential conflict of interest that 
may arise by ensuring that the terms and conditions of the transactions are 
commercially based and transacted at arm’s length, before making 
recommendation to the Board for approval.
b.
 Pursuant to MFRS 124 on Related Party Disclosures, significant RPT balances and
 
transactions were reviewed on a quarterly basis, with explanations provided for 
exceptional trend or transactions.
c.
 All loans and financing granted to connected parties (pursuant to BNM’s
 
Guidelines on Credit Transactions and Exposures with Connected Parties) are 
under the direct purview of the respective Board of Directors.
4. SUMMARY OF GCAD’S KEY ACTIVITIES
a. Prepared the annual and revised risk-based audit plan for the Group which  
included the manpower requirement for each planned audit.
b.
 Carried out audits and investigations under GCAD Malaysia and overseas branches
 
as per the approved audit plans and investigations requested by Management, 
the Board or regulators. A total of 226 reports were issued during the year.
182
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Audit Committee Report

---- Page 185 ----
c. Continued to adopt data analytics audit approach by integrating data-driven  
assurance platform to facilitate GCAD Business Auditor in performing systemic and 
data analytics activities throughout audit ecosystem and work processes with 
more targeted key risk areas.
d.
 Continued in implementing various strategic projects from GCAD’s Forward23+
 
plans, including key initiatives to embed data analytics, enhance audit agility, 
upskill staff in emerging technologies, strengthen audit impact and provided active 
and holistic third line engagement for CIMB’s sustainability goals.
e.
 Identified potential cost savings and prevention of data and income leakage and
 
qualitative value added mainly via new control design and catalysing change in 
behavior (e.g. new dual control system functions, improve system requirements, 
recommendation to establish policy/framework, etc.) from the audits and 
investigations performed during the year.
f.
 Monitored and followed up on the implementation of the corrective actions by
 
Management; appropriate validation was performed in accordance with GCAD’s 
Audit Follow-Up Framework.
g.
 Reported status of outstanding audit findings to AC on a quarterly basis; undue
 
delays in the implementation of agreed action plans were escalated to the 
relevant authority for further action.
h.
 Acted as secretariat of AIRCom, and prepared minutes of meeting for submission
 
to AC; other activities included preparing of meeting materials and following-up on 
matters arising.
i.
 Conducted quarterly regional town hall for top-down communication on key
 
matters relating to the internal audit function.
j.
 Conducted a two-days Regional Audit Planning Summit to discuss and deliberate
 
key audit methodologies, annual planning and pressing matters relating to the 
function.
k.
 Continued to enhance relationship with Management through Quarterly Business
 
Monitoring (QBM). GCIA, Department Heads or Section Heads have regular 
meetings with relevant key stakeholders to strengthen the working relationship 
and business understanding, for better audit focus.
l.  Reviewed and provided feedback on drafts of new and revised policies of the  
Group through Group Policy & Procedures Oversight Committee (GPOC). Feedback 
focused on, but was not limited to, ascertaining the adequacy of policies’ 
proposed governance and controls to address risks.
m.
 Submitted periodic reports to the AC, top Management and regulators.
n.
 Supported AC in the annual review exercise on appointment of External Auditor.
o.
 As at 31 December 2023, Corporate Assurance function of the Group has 347
 
staff (Malaysia: 159; Regional: 188) with relevant academic/professional 
qualifications and experience to carry out the activities of the internal audit, 
support and administrative function. Total costs of RM91.8 million (Malaysia: 
RM42.9 million) was incurred to maintain the internal audit function of the Group 
for the financial year 2023.
p.
 Presented the 2024 GCAD’s internal audit budget for review, deliberation and
 
endorsement.
 INTERNAL AUDIT QUALITY ASSURANCE AND IMPROVEMENT  
PROGRAMME (QAIP)
 The QAIP is developed to ensure the effectiveness of audit functions. It includes both  
internal and external assessments to evaluate GCAD’s conformance with the applicable 
rules, standards and requirements stipulated in the following:
•
 IIA’s International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing,
•
 BNM Guidelines on Internal Audit Function of Licensed Institutions,
•
 Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021,
•
 Bursa Malaysia Listing Requirements.
•
 Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control, and
•
 GCAD’s policy and procedures.
a. Internal assessment
 This is performed according to the approved annual Internal Quality Assurance  
Review (“IQAR”) plan by IQAR team within GCAD. The results are reported to the 
AC on quarterly basis.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
183
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 186 ----
b. External Assessment
 This is carried out by a qualified, independent external assessor at an interval of  
not more than five years. The appointment goes through an established 
procurement process and approved by the AC. The external assessor appraises 
and provides opinion on GCAD’s level of conformance with the applicable rules, 
standard and requirements.
 The last external quality assessment was conducted in 2021 where GCAD was
 
assessed to be generally in conformance with the applicable rules, standards, and 
requirements.
 PROFESSIONAL PROFICIENCY
 The GCIA ensures that the internal auditors are equipped with sufficient skillset and  
continuous professional development in order to perform their duties and 
responsibilities effectively.
 Competency gap assessment is conducted on a yearly basis to determine the training
 
needs and to establish the Training Plan for the year. Based on the outcome of 
competency gap assessment for the year 2023, in-house and external trainings are 
scheduled to cover both technical and soft skills. In addition, GCAD has launched the 
Competency Development Programme which is a strategic initiative aimed at fostering 
internal capability and enhancing our talent attraction and retention efforts.
 As part of professional development, internal auditors are encouraged to pursue the
 
relevant certification programmes to equip themselves with the necessary knowledge. 
Based on current GCAD staff’s strength, 61% of auditors hold at least one professional 
certification and 47% of auditors have completed Certified Bank Auditor (CBA) 
qualification. The professional certification programmes comprise the following:
•
 Certification for Bank Auditors (CBA)
•
 Certified Credit Professional (CCP)
•
 Certified Information System Auditor (CISA)
•
 Certified Internal Auditor (CIA)
•
 Islamic Finance Certification
• Pasaran Kewangan Malaysia Certificate (PKMC)
•
 Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE)
•
 OMEGA Performance Credit Skills
•
 Certified Credit Executive (CCE)
•
 Member of Professional Body (CPA & ACCA)
 In addition, GCAD has established the criteria for data and digital talent as part of
 
GCAD Forward23+ project – Digital Upskilling pillar. As of 2023, 53% of auditors have 
met the criteria of Data and Digital talents.
5. TRAINING
 The description of training and education provided to the AC members has been  
outlined under the Corporate Governance Overview Statement.
184
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Audit Committee Report

---- Page 187 ----
BOARD SHARIAH COMMITTEE
Pursuant to the enterprise wide Shariah governance framework as provided by Bank Negara 
Malaysia in its Policy Document on Shariah Governance and Islamic Financial Services Act 
2013, the Board of Directors (“the Board’’) is ultimately responsible and accountable for the 
oversight and management of Shariah matters in the operation of the Group’s Islamic 
banking and finance activities. In undertaking its duties and responsibilities relating to 
Shariah, the Board relies on the advice of the Board Shariah Committee (“BSC”) of CIMB 
Group Holdings Berhad that it established under its core Islamic operating entity, CIMB 
Islamic Bank Berhad (“CIMB Islamic”).
The main responsibility of the BSC is to assist the Board in the oversight and management 
of all Shariah matters relating to the Islamic banking and finance business of the CIMB 
Group Holdings Berhad. The BSC operates on the authority as delegated and empowered 
to it by the Board and as attributed to it under relevant financial regulations and 
legislations.
All decisions by the Board on Shariah matters relating to the Islamic banking business of 
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad shall be made based on the decisions, views and opinions of 
the BSC.
In due regard to the decisions and advice of the BSC on Shariah matters, the Board shall 
give sufficient attention to the facts and basis for the Shariah decisions as well as providing 
fair consideration to the implications of implementing the Shariah decisions made by the 
BSC.
Any decision of the Board on Shariah matter shall be made based on the final decisions, 
views and opinions of the BSC. All decisions of the Board and the BSC on Shariah matters 
shall at all times be subordinated to the decision of the Shariah Advisory Council of the 
relevant Malaysian financial regulators and shall take into consideration the relevant 
authority on Shariah matters in the relevant jurisdiction it is doing business.
The BSC shall at all times advise the Board to ensure that the Group’s Islamic banking and 
finance business does not have elements/activities which are not permissible under Shariah.
The BSC members are as follows:
1.
 Associate Professor Dr. Mohamed Fairooz Abdul Khir (Chairman)
2.
 Professor Dr. Aishath Muneeza
3.
 Dr. Ahmad Sufian Che Abdullah
4.
 Mr Ahmed Baqar Rehman (contract ended 5 May 2023)
5.
 Professor Dr. Yousef Abdulah Al-Shubaily (contract ended 31 March 2023)
6.
 Dr. Mohammad Mahbubi Ali (appointed on 1 April 2023)
7.
 En Jalalullail Othman (appointed on 6 May 2023)
The Board hereby affirms that based on advice of the BSC, the Group’s Islamic banking and
 
finance operations has been done in a manner that does not contradict with Shariah save 
and except for those that have been specifically disclosed in this financial report (if any). 
This affirmation by the Board is independently verified and confirmed by the BSC in a 
separate BSC Report made herein.
MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE
BSC convened 10 meetings during the financial year 2023 including 2 special meetings to 
cater for urgent business proposals. All BSC members have satisfied the minimum 75% 
attendance requirement under BNM Shariah Governance Policy Document.
BOARD ENGAGEMENT AND TRAININGS ATTENDED
As part of the initiatives to strengthen the good governance and oversight function of the 
Board over Shariah matters, the following activities were carried out in 2023:
•
 Two Joint Board and BSC meetings were held in April and November 2023 respectively.
 
The BSC members presented 2 topics on: (i) Decision Making Process by the Shariah 
Advisory Council (SAC) of Security Commission (SC) and Digital Currency from Shariah 
Perspective and (ii) Managing Islamic Social Finance Using ‘Adl and Ihsan based Approach 
at its first Joint Board and BSC Meeting held on 10 April 2023. The second Joint Board 
and BSC meeting held on 20 November 2023 focused on Zakat related matter where 
Management invited Lembaga Zakat Selangor to talk on ‘Pengurusan Zakat: Kutipan dan 
Agihan Berdasarkan Amalan dan Praktis Lembaga Zakat Selangor’. Management of CIMB 
Islamic also presented on ‘Zakat Wakalah: CIMB Islamic Approach on Distribution’.
•
 A training session had been conducted by Prof. Engku Rabiah Adawiyah Engku Ali on the
 
topic of Shariah Decision Making Pursuant to Islamic Jurisprudence.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
185
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Board Shariah Committee Report

---- Page 188 ----
• In addition, BSC had also organised an Off-Site Meeting and discussed on Industry  
Shariah Research on Hedging/Anticipatory Hedging, Ujrah Based Credit Card, Updates on 
Sustainability Pursuant to BNM Financial Sector Blueprint 2022-2026, Islamic Social 
Finance, Discussion on Tawarruq Concentration Pursuant to BNM Financial Sector 
Blueprint 2022-2026 and Shariah Research Plan 2024.
As guided by Securities Commission’s Guidelines for Shariah Advisers, BSC members had 
fulfilled with the minimum 3 SIDC’s CPE approved courses on capital market during the 
financial year 2023.
Among the training programs provided by SIDC which qualify for CPE points attended by 
BSC members were as follow:
•
 Train-The-Trainer For Derivatives Market Professionals: Design And Deliver An Effective
 
Training Session (TTT Part 1)
•
 Train-The-Trainer (TTT) For Derivatives Market Professionals: Design And Deliver An
 
Effective Training Session (TTT Part 2)
•
 Train-The-Trainer For Derivatives Market Professionals: Design And Deliver An Effective
 
Training Session (TTT Part 3)
•
 Train-The-Trainer For Derivatives Market Professionals: Design And Deliver An Effective
 
Training Session (TTT Part 4)
•
 Sustainable and Responsible Investment (SRI) Virtual Conference 2023
•
 Module 1: Directors As Gatekeepers Of Market Participants
•
 Module 2A: Business Challenges And Regulatory Expectations – What Directors Need To
 
Know (Equities & Futures Broking)
•
 Module 4: Emerging and Current Regulatory Issues In The Capital Market
•
 Cybersecurity & Data Privacy: The Fight Against Financial Crime
In addition to the above training programs, the BSC members also attended and
 
participated in the following events and training:
•
 Muzakarah Cendekiawan Shariah Nusantara 2023
•
 Muzakarah Penasihat Syariah 2023
•
 Kuala Lumpur Islamic Finance Forum 2023
•
 Islamic Sustainable Finance & Investment Forum 2023
•
 Joint Board for Group Sustainability
BSC ASSESSMENT
In compliance with BNM Shariah Governance Policy Document, the BSC undergoes the 
process of assessing the effectiveness of each individual BSC members and the committee 
as a whole annually.
Pursuant to CIMB’s Annual Evaluation Manual and BNM’s Corporate Governance Policy 
Document, CIMB is to obtain an independent perspective on the Board’s effectiveness to 
gain insights on the Board’s performance against peer Boards and best practices, once 
every 3 years. CIMB had in 2023 appointed an external consultant to conduct for year end 
2022 Board Effectiveness Assessment (BEA) on the Boards and Board Committees of CIMB, 
CIMB Bank, CIMB Islamic and CIMB Investment. A comprehensive approach including 
quantitative and qualitative assessment was adopted to assess the Boards, Board 
Committees and its Directors.
ZAKAT OBLIGATIONS
CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad pays business zakat by adopting the Adjusted Growth Method to 
state zakat authorities in line with the methodology approved by the BSC. However, the 
amount payable by the CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad is at the discretion of the management of 
CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad and it is the shareholder’s responsibility to ensure that their own 
zakat obligations are fulfilled in relation to their ownership of the share.
For the Group’s banking and asset management subsidiaries, the obligation and 
responsibility for payment of zakat on deposits and investments received from their 
customers lies with their respective Muslim customers only. The aforesaid is subject to the 
jurisdictional requirements on zakat payment as may be applicable from time to time on the 
Group and its subsidiaries arising from changes to local legislation, regulation, law or market 
convention as the case may be. Accrual of zakat expenses (if any) in the Financial 
Statements of the Group is reflective of this.
The beneficiaries of the zakat fund are determined by relevant internal CIMB policy and 
procedure and guideline as approved by the BSC.
186
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Board Shariah Committee Report

---- Page 189 ----
BOARD SHARIAH COMMITTEE’S REPORT
In the name of Allah, the Most Beneficent, the Most Merciful.
We, the members of the CIMB Group Board Shariah Committee (“BSC”) as established under 
CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad (“CIMB Islamic”), are responsible to advise the Board in the 
oversight and management of Shariah matters in the operation of the Group’s Islamic 
banking and finance activities. Although the Board is ultimately responsible and accountable 
for all Shariah matters under the Group, the Board relies on our independent advice on the 
same.
Our main responsibility and accountability is to assist the Board in ensuring that the Group’s 
Islamic banking and finance businesses does not have elements/activities which are not 
permissible under Shariah. In undertaking our duties, we shall follow and adhere to the 
decisions, views and opinions of the Shariah Advisory Council of the relevant Malaysian 
financial regulators for businesses undertaken in Malaysia and for businesses outside 
Malaysia, we shall take into consideration the decisions, views and opinions of the relevant 
authority on Shariah matters (if any, sanctioned by law/regulation to be followed by the 
Group) in the relevant jurisdiction that the Group is doing business.
As members of the BSC, we are responsible to provide an independent assessment and 
confirmation in this financial report that the operations of the Islamic banking and finance 
business of CIMB Group have been done in conformity with Shariah as has been decided 
and opined by us and with those Notices, Rules, Standards, Guidelines and Frameworks on 
Shariah matters as announced and implemented by relevant financial regulators in the 
relevant jurisdictions that the Group’s Islamic banking and finance businesses were 
undertaken during the period being reported.
Our independent assessment and confirmation has been used as the basis for the Board’s 
affirmation of the same in the Director’s Report herein before.
In making our independent assessment and confirmation, we have always recognised the 
importance of CIMB Group maintaining and reinforcing the highest possible standards of 
conduct in all of its actions, including the preparation and dissemination of statements 
presenting fairly the Shariah compliant status of its Islamic banking and finance businesses.
In this regard, sufficient internal controls are in place to ensure that any new Islamic 
financial transaction is properly authorised; the group’s assets and liabilities under its 
statements of financial position are safeguarded against possible Shariah non-compliance; 
and, that the day-to-day conduct of its operations does not contradict with Shariah 
principles.
In addition to the necessary policies and procedures, the Group has a well-defined division 
of responsibility by Management and the communication of Shariah policies and guidelines 
of business conduct to all staff.
Effective Shariah governance is supported mainly by qualified Shariah officers consist of 
Shariah researchers as well as the advisory and consultancy function under Shariah Advisory 
& Governance department of Group Islamic Banking Division that supports us in our 
decision and deliberations, providing check and balance for all Shariah matters as presented 
to us by the Management. Shariah Advisory and Board Shariah Committee Secretariat Policy 
and Procedure are 2 main documents in governing the daily function of Shariah Advisory & 
Governance department.
The CIMB Group Shariah Review Policy and Procedure was established to set out policies 
for the Shariah review function encompassing regular examination and evaluation of the 
Group’s level of compliance to the Shariah requirements, remedial rectification measures to 
resolve non-compliances and control mechanisms to avoid recurrences. In addition, the 
Group Shariah Review Procedure sets out the procedures for Shariah review execution, 
responsibilities of stakeholders and internal reporting process relating to Shariah Non-
Compliant events, in line with BNM’s requirements. In ensuring that the activities and 
operations of CIMB Group are Shariah-compliant, Shariah Review conducts post review of 
CIMB Group’s activities and operations in accordance with the annual Shariah review work 
plan approved by us and the respective Boards of Directors of CIMB Group. Additionally, 
Shariah Review conducts investigations on issues escalated by the stakeholders and 
performs ad-hoc review as required from time to time by us and the regulators.
As for effective risk management and control, the Group adopted the strategic 
implementation of tiered model i.e. Three Lines of Risk Defense in governing and managing 
Shariah Non-Compliant risk.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
187
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 190 ----
Lastly, there is also a team of internal auditors who conduct periodic Shariah audits of all 
the Group’s Islamic banking and finance operations on a scheduled basis. Group Corporate 
Assurance Division (“GCAD”) reports independently to the CIMB Group Audit Committee 
(“AC”) and the Banking Group Audit Committee (“Banking Group AC”) and is independent of 
the activities and operations of the business and other support units. In addition, GCAD 
reports on matters related to Islamic Banking and Shariah audits to the BSC. The principal 
responsibility of GCAD is to provide independent appraisal on the adequacy, efficiency and 
effectiveness of risk management, control and governance processes implemented by the 
Management. In addition, GCAD provides audit conclusion based on Level of Conformance 
in relation to regulatory audit/reviews, and whether objectives were met for assignments 
that are based on specific audit or review objectives. GCAD also undertakes investigations 
into suspected fraudulent activities, staff misconduct, whistleblowing cases, potential secrecy 
breach, and other incidences, as and when required, and recommends appropriate 
improvements to prevent recurrence and actions against persons responsible. The annual 
audit plan is developed based on assessment of risks, exposures and strategies of CIMB 
Group and its Islamic banking and finance business.
To strengthen the compliance towards Shariah, the Group has continuously instilled a 
Shariah-compliance culture by adopting a holistic top-down approach within the 
organisation. At the apex, the Group set an appropriate ‘tone from the top’, where the 
Board and BSC play their oversight role on the Shariah governance in the Group. The 
Group also held Board and BSC engagement sessions or Joint Board meeting between 
Board of Directors and BSC which serve as a platform for effective communication between 
Board, BSC and Senior Management on oversight over Shariah governance.
The Group also continues Shariah Capacity Building programmes to inculcate strong shariah 
knowledge within the Group. The Group has supported CIMB Islamic and CIMB Bank staff to 
enroll in relevant certification programs such as Associate Qualification in Islamic Finance 
(AQIF), Certified Shariah Advisor (CSA), Certified Professional Shariah Auditor (CPSA), Islamic 
Finance Internal Qualification Program (IFiQ) and others. The Bank had also organised a 
training session conducted by Dr. Mohammad Mahbubi Ali as the representative from the 
Board Shariah Committee where he shared about the Understanding Product Structuring in 
Islamic Finance.
All in all, the Management of the Group is responsible and accountable to the Board to 
ensure that the Islamic banking and finance businesses of CIMB Group are conducted in 
accordance with the requirement of Shariah. It is our responsibility to form an independent 
opinion of the state of Shariah compliancy of the business and its operations and advise 
the Board accordingly. Based on the internal controls that have been put in place by the 
Management, in our opinion, to the best of our knowledge, the Group has complied with 
the Shariah rulings issued by the Shariah Advisory Council of Bank Negara Malaysia and by 
all other financial regulators (where relevant), as well as Shariah decisions made by us 
(excluding PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk), and the overall aims and operations, business, affairs 
and activities of CIMB Islamic are in compliance with Shariah but it has come to the BSC’s 
attention that a material Shariah Non-Compliant event(s) has occurred within the Group and 
has been or in the process of being rectified. Details of the Shariah Non-Compliant events 
are as follows:
(1)
 Non-Execution of Tawarruq Commodity Trading prior disbursement for Invoice
 
Financing-i.
 Nature:
 Non-Execution of Tawarruq Commodity Trading prior disbursement for Invoice 
Financing-i.
 Measures undertaken:
a)
 Execution of Tawarruq Commodity Trading for the impacted financing account.
b)
 Refund of the profit paid by customer totaling of USD2,175.33 by offsetting the
 
customer’s account for Invoice Financing-i.
 Status:
a)
 The action item was completed by executing the tawarruq transaction to the
 
impacted financing account.
b)
 The Bank has set-off of USD2,175.33 which was credited back to the client’s
 
account.
(2)
 Overcharged of Late Payment Charges (“LPC”) in property auction sale.
 Nature:
 Overcharged of LPC in property auction sale.
 Measures undertaken:
 Refund of the additional charges totaling of RM163,594.46 to 
the impacted successful bidders (“SBs”).
 Status:
a)
 For SBs with CIMB Current Account/Saving Account (CASA): Completed.
b)
 For SBs without CIMB Current Account/Saving Account (CASA):
•
 Completed refund for partial of the SBs.
•
 As for the rest of the SBs, pending SB’s information on their account details.
188
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Board Shariah Committee Report

---- Page 191 ----
Apart from the purification of income from Shariah Non-Compliant events, the Group has 
instituted several rectification measures relating to processes and procedures to enhance 
control mechanism and minimise recurrence of Shariah Non-Compliant incidents.
In our opinion:
(1)
 The contracts, transactions and dealings entered into by the Group during the financial
 
year ended 31 December 2023 that were presented to us were done in compliance 
with Shariah save and except for the contracts involved in the two Shariah Non-
Compliant events;
(2)
 The allocation of profit and charging of losses relating to investment accounts
 
conformed to the basis that were approved by us in accordance with Shariah;
(3)
 There were no earnings that were realised from sources or by means prohibited by
 
Shariah have been considered for disposal to charitable causes save and except for 
the abovementioned material Shariah Non-Compliant events and the said amount have 
been partially* refunded to the rightful owner; and
(4)
 The zakat calculation is in compliance with Shariah principles.
*Note:  The refund for overcharged of LPC in property auction sale is currently awaiting SB’s information on their 
account details and if no respond from the SB by 31 August 2024, the Bank will proceed with unclaimed 
money process by 31 January 2025.
We have actively monitored and overseen the independent work carried out for Shariah 
review and Shariah audit functions by the relevant functionaries under the established 
system of internal control, which included the examination, on a test basis, of each type of 
transaction, of relevant documentation and procedures adopted by the Group. We are 
satisfied that the Management has planned and performed the necessary review and audit 
so as to obtain all the information and explanations which are considered necessary to 
provide us with sufficient evidence to give reasonable assurance that the Group has not 
violated Shariah.
We, the members of the BSC, are of the opinion that the operations of the Group’s Islamic 
banking and finance business for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 were 
conducted in conformity with Shariah.
On behalf of the Board Shariah Committee
Associate Professor Dr. Mohamed Fairooz Abdul Khir
Chairman
Dr. Ahmad Sufian Che Abdullah
Member
Kuala Lumpur
15 March 2024
Integrated Annual Report 2023
189
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 192 ----
SCOPE: REPORTING COVERAGE  
AND PRINCIPLES
All information disclosed in this statement covers the 
calendar year 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, unless 
otherwise stated. It covers our activities in our key markets, 
primarily Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and 
Cambodia. We disclose four years of all quantitative 
information for relevant indicators, wherever feasible. As 
much as possible, we have applied the reporting principles of 
balance, comparability, clarity, completeness, reliability and 
accuracy. Our last report was published in March 2023.
The CIMB Group Sustainability Report 2023 provides a retrospective view of our sustainability journey, and for us to 
reflect upon the challenges that we face. Doing this allows us to adapt our approach, strengthen our effort and drive 
continuous improvement, so that we can thrive in the long term. It communicates our sustainability commitments, 
performance and plans going forward.
190
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Sustainability  
Statement

---- Page 193 ----
REPORTING STANDARDS:  
AN ACCURATE ACCOUNT TO STAKEHOLDERS
This report is prepared with the aim of providing our stakeholders with meaningful 
disclosures to make well-informed decisions. It has been developed according to best 
practices and standards, adhering to international and local sustainability guidelines and 
frameworks.
These include:
•
 Bursa Malaysi
a’s Main Market Listing Requirements on Sustainability Reporting
•
 Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Standards 2021
•
 Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendations
•
 The 
United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative Principles for Responsible 
Banking
We also benchmark our disclosures against the indicators of the S&P Global Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and 
International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) – IFRS S1 and IFRS S2.
RELIABILITY: ASSURANCE OF QUALITY
We continuously review and deliberate on the degree of transparency and level of 
disclosure across various functions of the Group. The reporting framework, key updates and 
the Sustainability Report are presented, discussed, and approved in line with our 
sustainability governance framework. In strengthening the credibility of this Sustainability 
Report, selected sustainability indicators have been subjected to an independent assurance 
by KPMG PLT (KPMG) in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance  
Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of 
Historical Financial Information. The Subject Matter, Scope and Conclusion can be found in 
KPMG’s limited assurance report set out on pages 165 to 167 of our Sustainability Report 
2023.
FEEDBACK AND REVIEW FOR CONTINUOUS 
IMPROVEMENT
We are always looking for ways to improve our sustainability efforts and disclosures, as well 
as value creation and performance. We welcome all feedback, questions or suggestions on 
the CIMB Group Sustainability Report 2023.
Please contact:
Luanne Sieh
Group Chief Sustainability Officer
sustainability@cimb.com
Integrated Annual Report 2023
191
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 194 ----
Proactively integrate economic, 
environmental and social 
considerations in our business 
decisions, including financing, 
investments, and procurement, 
and in managing our people 
and operational impacts
Recognise and be guided by 
internationally accepted principles 
from key organisations to promote 
responsible business performance
Exercise a precautionary 
approach, taking due care and 
diligence to evaluate, adopt and 
advocate measures that will 
prevent and minimise 
environmental harm as well  
as promote social equality  
and equity
Create net positive impact, adopting  
an inclusive approach to positively 
influence our business relations in their 
sustainability performance and taking a 
holistic approach in striving for a just 
transition to a greener economy
Engage actively and openly with 
our stakeholders regarding the 
management of sustainability 
risk and to identify opportunities 
for sustainable development
At CIMB, we embrace our 
pivotal role in sustainability, 
understanding that our 
influence extends beyond our 
own efforts to empowering our 
clients and all our stakeholders 
towards positive change. Our 
commitment is to lead by 
example, encouraging practices 
that reduce harm and enhance 
wellbeing; this, we believe, is 
the true essence of creating a 
net positive impact. Beyond 
envisioning a better tomorrow, 
we actively build it, uplifting our 
customers, communities, and 
the environment along the  
way. Together, we are  
rewriting the narrative for 
prosperity. 
#ThankYouFromTomorrow  
for joining us in  
illuminating a sustainable  
path forward.
The following five principles guide 
our sustainability efforts:
SUSTAINABILITY PRINCIPLES AND STRATEGY
These principles guide our commitments to driving 
sustainable finance and global development, which are 
aligned with the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) where we can have the 
most influence. We have mapped out our seven 
priority SDGs to which our material matters and 
corresponding policies and programmes, in particular, 
our Green, Social, Sustainable Impact Products and 
Services (GSSIPS) Framework, are aligned.
192
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Sustainability Statement

---- Page 195 ----
PARTNERSHIPS
We work closely with industry partners and regulatory bodies to encourage broader adoption of the sustainable development agenda. As members of international and local working groups, 
we share experiences and adopt best practices and tools. We also actively engage with a range of Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs) to both learn from and contribute to our 
collective sustainability journey.
NET-ZERO BANKING ALLIANCE (NZBA)
We were the first ASEAN bank to join the NZBA, which is part of the  
Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ). The NZBA consists of 142 banks from  
44 countries, representing over 41% of global banking assets, that are committed to aligning 
their investments and financing with Net Zero emissions by 2050. This alliance aims to 
reinforce, accelerate and support the implementation of decarbonisation strategies, providing 
internationally coherent frameworks and guidelines, supported by peer learning. As a 
signatory of the NZBA, we mobilise our products, services and relationships to facilitate a 
just transition towards a climate-resilient future. 
UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL COMPACT 
(UNGC)
We are a participant of the UN Global Compact and a member of the Malaysia network. 
Launched in 2000, the UNGC is a leading voluntary initiative that encourages global 
businesses to adopt sustainable and socially responsible policies based on ten principles 
covering human rights, labour, the environment, and anti-corruption. As of 2023, the UNGC 
has garnered participation from more than 24,000 companies across 167 countries. 
JOINT COMMITTEE ON CLIMATE CHANGE
We actively participate in the Joint Committee on Climate Change 
(JC3), which is co-chaired by Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) and the 
Securities Commission Malaysia (SC). JC3 mobilises collective action in Malaysia’s financial 
sector to promote climate resilience in both the sector and the wider economy. The inputs, 
insights, and recommendations arising from JC3 are used to shape sustainability policies and 
regulations set by BNM and SC. Currently, CIMB co-chairs the JC3 Subcommittee 1’s 
Transition Risk Working Group (TRWG) and JC3 Subcommittee 2 on Governance and 
Disclosure and is an active contributor to many other subcommittees and working groups. 
VALUE-BASED INTERMEDIATION (VBI)
We are strong advocates of BNM’s VBI, which aims to deliver the intended 
outcomes of Shariah through practices, conduct and offerings that generate 
positive and sustainable value for the economy, community and environment.  
This commitment is consistent with our dedication to benefiting shareholders’ sustainable 
returns and long-term interests. CIMB Islamic is currently part of the sub-working group for 
the VBI Financing and Investment Impact Assessment Framework (VBIAF) Sectoral Guide on 
Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing. 
Integrated Annual Report 2023
193
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 196 ----
CEO ACTION NETWORK  
(CAN)
We co-founded CAN with our partner, IMPACTO, in 2020 to 
create a closed-door peer-to-peer  
informal network of CEOs and board members committed 
to driving sustainable action in corporate Malaysia. With 
more than 70 members from over 20 critical sectors, CAN 
aspires to catalyse its members and the broader economy 
towards proactively shaping future-ready and ESG-integrated 
business models and ecosystems. CIMB is an active member 
of the CAN Steering Committee and is Chair of the Working 
Group. We have met all our Collective Commitments at 
Level 21 for 2023. We are currently working with other CAN 
members to develop an updated and more ambitious set of 
collective commitments for 2024 and beyond. 
THE COOLER EARTH  
SUSTAINABILITY SUMMIT
Our annual flagship event, CIMB’s  
The Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit, is a platform to 
inspire business leaders, financiers, investors, and policy 
decision-makers. Our mission is to shift the paradigm of 
business and finance towards sustainable actions. At our 
fifth Summit, titled, “Sustainability in Action: Opportunities for 
a Better Tomorrow”, we focused on highlighting the 
multitude of opportunities that arise from a transition 
towards a greener economy and a more equitable society, 
with the aim of inspiring people, businesses and societies to 
take action towards a more sustainable future. 
Looking forward to 2024, in order to better serve our clients 
and stakeholders’ need, we plan to evolve our approach. In 
2024, we plan to host a series of smaller events and 
workshops across regions, spread throughout the year, for 
continued and more targeted engagement.
Email us at sustainabilityevents@cimb.com to keep up to 
date on our events in your country.
Commitment Status
Governance
• Disclose material sustainability risks and 
opportunities
• Disclose performance criteria of top 
management linked to ESG
• Completed. We refreshed our material 
matters, risks and opportunities in 2022 
• Completed. Our CEO, top management and 
all divisions have sustainability key 
performance indicators (KPIs), as described 
in the Governance and Risk chapter of this 
report. These KPIs reflect our material 
matters and achievement of the KPIs 
impact the compensation of the executive 
management and employees 
Environment
• Set public targets on GHG Scope  
1 and 2
• Commit to implement TCFD 
recommendations
• Completed. We have committed to net zero 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030 
• Completed. We are an official supporter of 
TCFD and have implemented the majority 
of its recommendations 
People
• Set public targets on percentage of female 
composition in top management
• Conduct a human rights risk assessment 
across own operations and value chain
• Completed. We have set a public target of 
attaining 45% of females in top 
management by 2024 
• Completed. We implemented our human 
rights policy and institutionalised human 
rights assessments and requirements for 
our suppliers and financing clients 
1 CAN has outlined 14 commitments under three categories (environment, people and governance) with three progressive levels (level 1, level 2, level 3) of 
commitment for each category.
194
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Sustainability Statement

---- Page 197 ----
MATERIAL MATTERS
The environment, society and economy are 
continuously evolving, and with that, what it 
means to be a responsible bank is also 
changing. As a leading ASEAN bank, we are 
driven by our commitment to our key 
stakeholders – shareholders, customers, and 
society at large – to evolve together towards 
a future that benefits all. To do this, one of 
our key approaches is to identify the material 
economic, environmental and social matters 
for our organisation. Central to our approach 
is the concept of double materiality. This is 
where we consider the potential direct and 
indirect impacts of our activities on society 
and the environment, as well as the potential 
impact of societal and environmental matters 
on our business.
We identify our material matters through 
regular comprehensive materiality 
assessments, underpinned by inputs from 
our stakeholders. These critical matters 
inform our strategy to drive the Group’s 
long-term value creation and 
competitiveness. They serve as the bedrock 
on which we build our sustainability strategy 
as a leading ASEAN bank. Our 2022 
materiality refresh and the methodology 
used is detailed on our website , and we 
are planning to conduct a comprehensive 
review of our material matters in 2024.
Click on each material matter for 
information on why each matter is 
important, the key risks and opportunities 
associated with each matter, as well as our 
long-term approach to managing the issue. 
Our material matters are numbered based 
on their prioritisation within the Bank.
1  SUSTAINABLE AND  
RESPONSIBLE FINANCE
Delivering products and services to 
support people, businesses and 
activities that create positive impacts 
on society, from economic, 
environmental and social perspectives. 
Managing risks and potential negative 
impacts arising from the activities that 
CIMB finances, including impacts on 
environment, society and the economy 
in general.
2  GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS
Strengthening our value proposition 
and ability to deliver returns to 
investors and shareholders. Allocating 
resources strategically and reinforcing 
our ability to plan and achieve resilient 
value creation. Reinforcing a healthy 
culture of ethics, integrity and 
transparency throughout the 
organisation.
3  CYBERSECURITY AND DATA 
PRIVACY
Safeguarding CIMB’s data and systems, 
as well as customers’ data and privacy. 
Protecting customers from fraud and 
scams.
4  FINANCIAL INCLUSION
AND LITERACY
Providing access to affordable financial 
services, and improving financial 
literacy and health, especially among 
disadvantaged communities.
5  RISK MANAGEMENT AND
BUSINESS RESILIENCE
Implementing controls to manage 
CIMB’s risk exposure, meet regulatory 
expectations and mandate, as well as 
ensure commercial sustainability. 
Adapting to emerging trends to 
maintain business resilience and 
economic performance.
6  DIGITALISATION AND  
INNOVATION
Ensuring a seamless digital experience 
for customers. Transforming our 
operations by deploying tools such as 
data analytics capabilities and artificial 
intelligence to be a data-first 
organisation.
7  HUMAN RIGHTS
Upholding international human rights 
laws and standards. Promoting fair 
labour practices and fair treatment of 
communities.
8  CLIMATE CHANGE
Taking action to achieve Net Zero 
overall GHG emissions by 2050, 
managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities, while contributing to 
national and global climate goals.
9  DIVERSITY AND  
INCLUSION
Providing and promoting equal, fair 
and inclusive opportunities, regardless 
of gender, age, background, beliefs, 
ethnicity, skill and abilities.
10  CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
Engaging in responsible marketing and 
fair dealing practices to strengthen 
customer trust. Going the extra mile 
for our customers and delivering 
excellent customer experience that 
builds long term relationships.
11  BIODIVERSITY AND
ECOSYSTEM INTEGRITY
Integrating biodiversity and nature 
(including waste and water 
management) considerations into 
financing and other business decisions.
12  TALENT ATTRACTION,  
GROWTH AND RETENTION
Attracting and nurturing the right 
talent to future-proof the organisation 
and its business. Implementing 
effective mechanisms to retain talent 
for business continuity, productivity, 
performance and competitiveness.
13  CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP
Supporting regional and national 
policies to reduce poverty, building
 
sustainable communities. Implementing 
CSR initiatives that contribute to 
Environmental, Economic and Social 
(EES) wellbeing as well as address the 
needs of stakeholders.
SOCIAL
ENVIRONMENTAL
ECONOMIC
Integrated Annual Report 2023
195
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 198 ----
MATERIAL TOPICS 2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
Governance  
and Ethics
• Improved our S&P Global CSA Governance score by 44% since 2019
•
 Introduced Tax Machine Learning, significantly enhancing our tax process
 
optimisation and accuracy, thereby reinforcing our commitment to meet tax 
reporting requirements more efficiently
•
 Implemented Risk Control Unit within the Group Sustainability Division to
 
strengthen the risk management framework and ensure compliance with 
regulatory standards. This unit centralises risk oversight, conducts assessments, 
monitors compliance, enhances controls and encourages ongoing improvements 
in risk handling
Risk 
Management  
and Business 
Resilience
• Enhanced our Group Risk Appetite Statement to ensure that sustainability and  
climate-related aspects are considered in business planning and monitoring
•
 Rolled out UNEP FI Environmental & Social Risk Analysis Training programme
 
across Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and Cambodia
Climate Change: 
Risks and 
Opportunities
• Delivered our first group-wide climate scenario analysis proof-of-concept
•
 Strengthened the Group’s financed emissions calculation and estimation
 
methodology as well as coverage
•
 Provided RM4.1 billion of green and sustainable financing in 2023, a year-on-year
 
increase of RM1 billion. This is driven by green home and vehicle financing to 
consumers in our effort to support companies and consumers across the region 
to decarbonise and build climate resilience
Biodiversity and 
Ecosystem 
Integrity
• Engaged with and issued action plans to 17 clients on NDPE since the  
introduction of NDPE commitment requirements to the Palm Oil and Forestry 
(including Rubber) sectors
•
 Developed and commenced rollout of our Biodiversity Risk Assessment process
 
as part of our sustainability due diligence on clients across key markets
Human Rights
• Engaged with 924 stakeholders (employees, clients and vendors) throughout  
Malaysia, Thailand and Cambodia to raise awareness of, and promote 
compliance with, human rights issues
•
 Localised and implemented the Group Human Rights Policy in Thailand,
 
Cambodia and Vietnam 1
At CIMB, we are committed to a governance approach that 
centres on people and the planet. We strive to create lasting 
value that resonates with everyone we reach, from our 
shareholders to the communities we interact with. We hold 
ourselves to the highest standards of transparency, 
accountability and integrity. For us, banking is a means to 
empower, to protect and to build – not just wealth, but a 
world resilient to challenges and ready for the generations 
that will inherit it.
Our resilient risk and governance systems are rooted in the 
shared values and norms embraced by #teamCIMB. This is 
embedded through:
Strong governance systems that are based 
on transparency, accountability and integrity
An integrated risk management approach 
that incorporates environmental and social 
risks, as well as ethical considerations into 
daily decision-making and operations
Robust policies and processes that ensure 
strict compliance with corporate ethics, 
anti-corruption and anti-bribery regulations
Proactive sustainability risk management, 
including climate, biodiversity and human 
rights risks, for long-term value creation and 
that promotes a just transition towards a 
low-carbon economy
1 The Group Human Rights Policy has been localised in Indonesia, and adopted fully in Malaysia and Singapore since 2022.
196
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Governance and Risk

---- Page 199 ----
MATERIAL TOPICS 2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
Climate Change: 
Operational Emissions
•
 Achieved reduction of 35% in Scope 1 and 26% in Scope 2 (market-
based) GHG emissions against the 2019 baseline
•
 Completed LED conversion for 29 branches in Malaysia.
 
•
 Installed rooftop solar PV systems in CIMB Thai Chiang Mai HQ and CIMB
 
Niaga Graha Bintaro
•
 Attained a 13% renewable energy utilisation rate sourced from CIMB’s
 
own rooftop solar PV systems, Green Electricity Tariff (GET) and 
Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs)
•
 Achieved net zero for Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions for CIMB’s
 
operations in Singapore
Talent Attraction, 
Retention and Growth
•
 Introduced benefit enhancements and launched a flexible benefits
 
programme in Malaysia and Indonesia
•  Launched CIMB Signature Leadership programmes for mission-critical  
positions, senior position successors, emerging leaders and junior leaders
•
 Won 29 regional Human Resource awards
•
 Improved Organizational Health Index score to 83% in 2023 from 77% in
 
2022
Diversity and Inclusion
•
 Gender pay ratio of 1.00 (male) : 1.01 (female)
•
 38% female representation in leadership (GCEO-2 and above, including
 
Key Management employees)
•
 Improvement of diversity in the succession pool for critical roles across
 
the Group
At CIMB, integrating sustainability throughout our value chain 
is driven in equal parts by both our moral and ethical 
conviction that it is the right thing to do, and evidence that it 
is good for business. 
We are committed to enhancing the lives and wellbeing of 
our employees and suppliers throughout ASEAN, while 
actively minimising our environmental footprint. Central to 
this commitment is the reduction of our operational GHG 
emissions. By striving for a safe, fair and inclusive work 
environment that fosters development and wellbeing while 
contributing to a better future, we not only fulfil our ethical 
obligations but also strategically position ourselves for 
long-term success. By taking Sustainable Actions, we build 
trust, demonstrate leadership and enhance our resilience 
against sustainability risks – including those stemming from 
climate change. Consequently, our commitment to both 
environmental and social responsibility translates directly into 
enhanced performance and long-term prosperity, both for 
CIMB and the communities we serve.
A Low-carbon Bank
Minimising our operational GHG emissions and 
other environmental impacts to support a 
sustainable future for all
An Engaged and Productive Workforce
Providing a safe and enriching work 
environment that attracts and retains the 
industry’s top talent
An Inclusive and Fair Work Culture
Ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace that 
encourages creativity and productivity
Integrated Annual Report 2023
197
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Sustainable Action

---- Page 200 ----
At CIMB, we conduct business in a way that fosters long-term economic 
development with a deep commitment to ethical responsibility, as well as social 
and environmental stewardship. Through our portfolio of products and services, 
we provide solutions aimed at encouraging the transition to a lower-carbon 
economy, uplifting social equity, and safeguarding our planet for long-term 
shared prosperity and wellbeing.
We recognise the disparity in financial inclusion and health across ASEAN, and 
proactively address pressing issues such as the rising cost of living and 
escalating financial fraud, head-on. These issues often hit the most vulnerable 
populations – low-income families and the elderly – the hardest. Our goal is to 
ensure that economic empowerment is accessible to more, by enhancing 
financial literacy and widening access to our solutions.
As a customer-centric institution, we continuously refine our approach to 
providing a better, faster and safer banking experience, responsive to the shifting 
needs and aspirations of our customers. Harnessing the transformative power of 
digitalisation, with significant investments in digital innovation and cybersecurity, 
we are determined to live up to our promise to provide distinctive, personalised 
and secure banking experiences.
Positive Impact through Finance
Deliver innovative sustainable finance solutions and advisory that 
enable our clients to create positive impacts and reduce harm
Empowerment through Financial Inclusion and Health
Provide accessible and affordable banking services and improve 
financial literacy for underserved communities
A Culture of Customer Excellence
Develop meaningful long-term customer relationships through 
seamless yet personalised experiences
Innovative and Technology-Driven
Leverage technology to improve our processes and better serve 
our customers
Robust Cybersecurity and Privacy
Safeguard our customers’ data and privacy to the highest 
standards against potential threats
MATERIAL TOPICS 2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
Sustainable and 
Responsible 
Finance: Creating 
Positive Impacts
• Mobilised RM32.4 billion of sustainable finance via  
Green, Social, Sustainable Impact Products and Services
•
 Launched Malaysia’s first comprehensive Sustainability-
Linked Financing proposition for SMEs
•
 Won 14 awards across the region for sustainable
 
finance
Financial Inclusion 
and Literacy
• Distributed RM8.7 billion of financing to low-income  
individuals across ASEAN
•
 Provided RM6.2 billion of financing to micro and small
 
enterprises in support of SDG 8: Decent work and 
economic growth
•
 Trained more than 7,800 youths under our financial
 
literacy programmes
Customer 
Experience
• Achieved a Net Promoter Score within 69% of the  
industry in our four key markets
•
 Rolled out a strategy to combat financial scams
Digitisation and 
Innovation
• CIMB Clicks1 uptime at 99.74%
•
 BizChannel1 uptime at 99.95%
Cybersecurity and 
Data Privacy
• Enhanced our Security Operation Centre and Threat  
Intelligence to address increasing cyber threats
•
 >100,000 hours of cybersecurity and data privacy
 
lessons completed by over 30,000 CIMBians
1 Figures are calculated using the simple average of system percentage uptime availability in Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore and 
Thailand, excluding scheduled maintenance.
198
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Sustainable Business

---- Page 201 ----
MATERIAL TOPICS 2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
Corporate 
Citizenship
• Disbursed RM32.9 million in community investments
•
 Achieved record employee volunteerism hours
 
totalling 203,245 hours
In addition to transforming our business practices and offerings to create a net positive 
impact for our stakeholders, CIMB is also focused on creating fair opportunities for  
socio-economic and community development as a responsible corporate citizen. We 
prioritise initiatives that address social inequalities and environmental concerns, targeting 
impactful areas such as education, economic empowerment, health and community 
wellbeing, and the environment. By fostering a culture of volunteerism and collaboration, we 
actively encourage our employees and stakeholders to participate in these efforts, with a 
target of achieving 100,000 hours of volunteering annually. Our goal is to make a 
meaningful difference in the lives of those who need it most, such as low-income groups 
and indigenous communities. Ultimately, we aim to pave the way towards a future with a 
healthier planet, where prosperity and wellbeing can be enjoyed by all.
Equitable and Inclusive Education
Provide access to quality education for underserved and disadvantaged 
communities
Our goal is to support programmes that provide quality education to disadvantaged 
communities and improve the accessibility of quality education to underserved students
Economic Empowerment
Drive inclusive socio-economic development and entrepreneurship that benefit 
all segments of society
Our near-to-mid-term target is to implement effective entrepreneurship development 
programmes aimed at empowering economically vulnerable groups to attain higher or 
more sustainable income
Healthy and Resilient Communities
Provide access to affordable and essential healthcare to safeguard the 
wellbeing of communities
We work to provide strategic financial support to enhance public and community 
healthcare, and support for persons with disabilities
Collective Green Action
Raise community awareness of responsible environmental practices
Our environmental programmes aim to support organisations engaged in nature and 
biodiversity conservation
OUR CONTRIBUTION
In 2023, the Group disbursed RM32.9 million through our various entities across the region, 
funding over 100 projects, with more than 50% allocated towards educational initiatives. Our 
financial contribution improved the lives of over 100,000 individuals by providing access to 
medical care, better education, facilitating upskilling, and supporting environmental conservation 
efforts.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
199
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Corporate Citizenship

---- Page 202 ----
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
Established the Group Sustainability 
Department as a regional function
Developed the Group Sustainability Policy, 
Group Sustainable Financing Policy, as well 
as Sector Guides for Palm Oil, Construction 
and Real Estate, Oil and Gas, and Forestry
Founding signatory to the UNEP FI 
Principles for Responsible Banking
2019
Established the Group Sustainability 
Division and appointed a Group Chief 
Sustainability Officer
Committed to no longer finance new 
coal-fired power plants and new thermal 
coal mines, and to phase out coal from 
our portfolio by 2040
Developed the Green, Social, Sustainable 
Impact Products and Services Framework
2020
Established our board-level sustainability committee, 
the Group Sustainability and Governance Committee 
Committed to carbon neutrality (net zero GHG Scope 
1 and 2 emissions in our operations) by 2030 and 
overall Net Zero GHG by 2050 (including Scope 3 
financed emissions)
Announced target to mobilise RM30 billion towards 
sustainable finance by 2024
Committed to invest RM150 million over five years and 
100,000 annual volunteering hours by 2024
First ASEAN bank to join the Net-Zero Banking Alliance 
2021
Established an Integrated Sustainability 
Operating Model which put full-time 
sustainability specialists and part-time 
champions within business units and 
enabling functions to drive sustainable 
finance from the forefront
Developed the Group Human Rights Policy
Established and published our Scope 3 
Financed Emissions inventory
Set 2030 Paris-aligned targets for cement 
and thermal coal mining portfolios
Doubled our sustainable finance target to 
RM60 billion
2022 2023
Mobilised over RM86.2 BILLION in GREEN, 
SOCIAL, SUSTAINABLE IMPACT Products and 
Services since 2021. Tripled our sustainable 
finance target to RM100 BILLION by 2024
Published 2030 PARIS-ALIGNED TARGETS for 
our Power and Palm Oil Portfolios. FIRST 
BANK GLOBALLY to announce Paris-aligned 
Net Zero targets for PALM OIL, and  
FIRST IN MALAYSIA for POWER
Launched Malaysia’s first comprehensive
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED FINANCING 
PROPOSITION for SMEs
Set FINANCIAL INCLUSION TARGETS
for low-income groups in Malaysia,
with a goal to improve financial health
and wellbeing
200
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Sustainability Statement

---- Page 203 ----
Alpha Southeast Asia Deal & Solution 
Awards 2023
• Best ESG Green Financing Deal of the Year in  
Malaysia
•
 Best Sovereign Green Sukuk of the Year in
 
Southeast Asia
Asiamoney Asia Private Banking Awards 
2023
• Best for ESG Investing in Malaysia
National Annual Corporate Reward Awards 
(NACRA) 2023
• Gold in the Best Sustainability Reporting  
Award in Malaysia
Asian Banking & Finance Wholesale Banking 
Awards 2023
• Domestic Sustainability Initiative of the Year in  
Malaysia
•
 Domestic Sustainability Initiative of the Year in
 
Indonesia
The Asset Islamic Finance Awards 2023
• Best Green Sukuk in Indonesia
•
 Best Social Sukuk in Malaysia
•
 Best SRI Sukuk in Malaysia
•
 Best Sustainability Sukuk (Corporate) in Malaysia
•
 Best Sustainability Sukuk (SMEs) in Malaysia
•  Best Sustainability Sukuk (Bank Capital) in  
Malaysia
•
 Best Sustainability Sukuk (Transport) in Malaysia
Asian Banking & Finance Retail Banking 
Awards 2023
• Banking for Women Initiative of the Year in  
IndonesiaAlpha SEA Best FI Awards 2023
• Best Bond House for Sustainable Finance in  
Malaysia
AWARDS HIGHLIGHTS
RANKED 12/150 among Financial Institutions,  
and TOP FOR PALM OIL for the strength and 
implementation of our commitments on our  
DEFORESTATION AND HUMAN RIGHTS POLICIES  
by Forest 500
INVESTED RM32.9 MILLION
and OVER 203,000 VOLUNTEER HOURS
in local communities
Achieved
CARBON NEUTRALITY IN SINGAPORE
for our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
Included in the S&P Global  
SUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK 2023,  
with an achievement of 88TH PERCENTILE in the  
S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment
CIMB Investment Bank was the
TOP LEAD ARRANGER FOR ESG BONDS
in Malaysia by amount issued
PwC Malaysia’s Building Trust Awards 2023
• Special Mention in PwC Malaysia’s ESG  
Reporting Benchmarking Analysis
Integrated Annual Report 2023
201
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 204 ----
Republic of Indonesia through 
Perusahaan Penerbit SBSN 
Indonesia III
USD2.0 billion Trust Certificates due 2028 
and 2033 (Green) under an existing 
USD35.0 billion Trust Certificate Issuance 
Programme
Khazanah Capital Ltd
USD750.0 million 4.876 per cent. Notes due 
2033 issuance under Khazanah Capital 
Ltd.’s inaugural USD10.0 billion Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme, guaranteed 
by Khazanah Nasional Berhad
Khazanah Global Sukuk Berhad
USD750.0 million 4.687 per cent. Sukuk 
issuance under Khazanah Global Sukuk 
Berhad’s inaugural USD5.0 billion 
Multicurrency Sukuk Issuance Programme
Sime Darby Enterprise Sdn Bhd
Islamic medium term notes issuance of 
RM3.0 billion in nominal value pursuant to 
an Islamic commercial papers and Islamic 
medium term notes programme of up to 
RM10.0 billion in nominal value based on 
the Shariah principle of Murabahah (via 
Tawarruq arrangement) established by Sime 
Darby Enterprise Sdn. Bhd., irrevocably and 
unconditionally guaranteed by Sime Darby 
Berhad
Sarawak Energy Berhad
Sukuk Musyarakah issuance of RM3.5 billion 
in nominal value pursuant to a Sukuk 
Musyarakah Programme of up to RM15.0 
billion in nominal value
TNB Power Generation Sdn Bhd
Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah issuance with 
nominal value of RM2.0 billion pursuant to 
a Sukuk Wakalah Programme of up to 
RM10.0 billion in nominal value
Johor Corporation
State Guaranteed Sukuk Wakalah issuance 
of RM1.5 billion in nominal value pursuant 
to a State Guaranteed Sukuk Wakalah 
Programme of up to RM2.0 billion in 
nominal value
YTL Power International Berhad
Islamic Commercial Papers Programme and 
Islamic Medium Term Notes Programme 
with a combined limit of up to RM7.5 billion 
in nominal value based on the Shariah 
principle of Murabahah (via Tawarruq 
arrangement)
Bank Pembangunan Malaysia 
Berhad
Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah issuance of 
RM1.0 billion in nominal value pursuant to 
an Islamic medium term notes programme 
of up to RM5.0 billion in nominal value 
based on the Shariah principle of Wakalah 
Bi Al-Istithmar
Digi Telecommunications Sdn Bhd
Sukuk Murabahah issuance of RM1.0 billion 
in nominal value pursuant to a Sukuk 
Murabahah Programme of up to RM5.0 
billion in nominal value
RP Hydro Kelantan Sdn Bhd
RM975.0 million in nominal value ASEAN 
Green SRI Sukuk Wakalah
Gamuda Berhad
Sukuk Murabahah issuance of RM900.0 
million in nominal value pursuant to a 
Sukuk Murabahah Programme of up to 
RM5.0 billion in nominal value
SMJ Sdn Bhd
Sukuk Wakalah issuance of RM900.0 million 
in nominal value pursuant to a Multi-
currency Sukuk Wakalah Programme of 
RM10.0 billion (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) in nominal value
REGIONAL DEBT DEALS
202
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Regional Notable Deals

---- Page 205 ----
MTT Shipping Sdn. Bhd.
Islamic medium term notes issuance 
RM420.0 million in nominal value under the 
Islamic medium term notes programme of 
up to RM1.5 billion in nominal value and 
Islamic commercial papers issuance of 
RM5.0 million in nominal value under the 
Islamic commercial papers programme of 
up to RM1.5 billion in nominal value, both 
programmes having a combined aggregate 
limit of up to RM1.5 billion in nominal value 
under the Shariah principle of Wakalah Bi 
Al-Istithmar
Bank Muamalat Malaysia Berhad
Inaugural issuance of RM350.0 million in 
nominal value of Additional Tier-1 Capital 
Sukuk Wakalah under a Sukuk Wakalah 
Programme of RM5.0 billion in nominal 
value under the Shariah principle of 
Wakalah Bi Al-Istithmar for the issuance of 
Senior Sukuk Wakalah, Tier-2 Subordinated 
Sukuk Wakalah, and/or Additional Tier-1 
Capital Sukuk Wakalah
UEM Olive Capital Berhad
ASEAN Green Sukuk Wakalah issuance of 
RM100.0 million in nominal value pursuant 
to Islamic medium term notes programme 
of up to RM7.0 billion in nominal value 
based on the Shariah principle of Wakalah 
Bi Al-Istithmar established by UEM Olive 
Capital Berhad, with UEM Group Berhad 
acting as obligor
PT Tower Bersama Infrastructure 
Tbk
Senior Bonds IDR2,486.0 billion via fifth 
shelf registration programme tranche 6
Senior Bonds IDR1,500.0 billion via sixth 
shelf registration programme tranche 1
PT Bank Mandiri (Persero) Tbk
Senior Green Bonds IDR5,000.0 billion via 
first shelf registration programme tranche 1
PT Federal International Finance
Bonds IDR3,000.0 billion via fifth shelf 
registration programme tranche 5
Bonds IDR1,100.0 billion via sixth shelf 
registration programme tranche 2
PT Profesional Telekomunikasi 
Indonesia
Senior Bonds IDR2,906.5 billion via third 
shelf registration programme tranche 2
Senior Bonds IDR1,093.5 billion via third 
shelf registration programme tranche 3
PT Sarana Multi Infrastruktur 
(Persero)
Senior Bonds IDR4,000.0 billion via third 
shelf registration programme tranche 3
PT Astra Sedaya Finance
Senior Bonds IDR2,500.0 billion via sixth 
shelf registration programme tranche 1
PT Sarana Multigriya Finansial 
(Persero)
Senior Bonds IDR1,210.0 billion via seventh 
shelf registration programme tranche 1 and 
Musyarakah Sukuk IDR170.5 billion via first 
shelf registration programme tranche 1
 
PT Indomobil Finance Indonesia
Senior Bonds IDR1,283.9 billion via fifth 
shelf registration programme tranche 2
PT CIMB Niaga Auto Finance
Sukuk Wakalah Bi Al-Istitsmar IDR1,000.0 
billion
Integrated Annual Report 2023
203
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 206 ----
PT Hino Finance Indonesia
Senior Bonds IDR700.0 billion
PT Adhi Commuter Properti Tbk
Senior Bonds IDR499.9 billion
PT Tunas Baru Lampung Tbk
Senior Bonds IDR425.0 billion via second 
shelf registration programme tranche 1
Sembcorp Financial Services Pte Ltd
SGD350.0 million 4.60% Senior Unsecured 
Fixed Rate Green Notes due 2030
Srisawad Corporation PCL
THB9,168.2 million Senior Secured 
Debenture
THB6,364.5 million Senior Secured 
Debenture
THB6,000.0 million Senior Secured 
Debenture
THB4,113.0 million Senior Secured 
Debenture
Muangthai Capital PCL
THB7,341.9 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB6,090.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB4,500 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB3,035.4 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB1,827.3 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
Toyota Leasing (Thailand) Co., Ltd
THB6,865.0 million Senior Secured 
Debenture
THB6,300.0 million Senior Secured 
Debenture
TPI Polene PCL
THB7,935.2 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB5,000.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
TPI Polene Power PCL
THB6,000.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB3,000 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
Origin Property PCL
THB3,023.5 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB2,500.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB500.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
SC Asset Corporation PCL
THB2,200.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB2,000.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB1,500.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
Srisawad Capital 1969 PCL
THB1,973.4 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB1,677.2 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
REGIONAL DEBT DEALS (CONTINUED)
204
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Regional Notable Deals

---- Page 207 ----
Sena Development PCL
THB2,000.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB1,000.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
CIMB Thai Bank PCL
THB200.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB200.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
THB200.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
Krungthai Car Rent and Lease PCL
THB300.0 million Senior Unsecured 
Debenture
Institutional Fund(s)
RM2,931.1 million (USD620.3 million) 
secondary placement of 9 publicly-listed 
companies’ shares, executed in multiple 
tranches between October to December
Pavilion Real Estate Investment 
Trust
Pavilion Real Estate Investment Trust’s 
RM720.0 million (USD160.0 million) primary 
placement
DXN Holdings Berhad
DXN Holdings Berhad’s RM652.9 million 
(USD144.2 million) IPO
Khazanah Nasional Berhad
Khazanah Nasional Berhad’s RM530.3 
million (USD112.0 million) secondary 
placement of Tenaga Nasional Berhad 
shares
Khazanah Nasional Berhad
Khazanah Nasional Berhad’s RM375.0 
million (USD81.6 million) secondary 
placement of Tenaga Nasional Berhad 
shares
Pulau Kapas Ventures Sdn Bhd
Pulau Kapas Ventures’ RM357.1 million 
(USD75.5 million) secondary placement of 
Time dotCom Berhad’s shares
CapitaLand Malaysia Trust
CapitaLand Malaysia Trust’s RM227.8 million 
(USD51.4 million) primary placement
Genetec Technology Berhad
Genetec Technology Berhad’s RM178.0 
million (USD42.0 million) primary placement
Pantone 186 CPantone 356 C BLACK 100% 
Process Colour
BLACK 60% 
Process Colour
BLACK 30% 
Process Colour
BLACK 100% 
Process Colour
Axis Real Estate Investment Trust
Axis Real Estate Investment Trust’s RM175.0 
million (USD39.6 million) primary placement
Sentral REIT
Sentral Real Estate Investment Trust’s 
RM92.8 million (USD20.0 million) primary 
placement
PT Bank Tabungan Negara 
(Persero) Tbk
PT Bank Tabungan Negara (Persero) Tbk’s 
IDR4,133.3 billion rights issue
REGIONAL EQUITY DEALS
Integrated Annual Report 2023
205
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 208 ----
Sime Darby Berhad
(i) Proposed acquisition by Sime Darby  
Enterprise Sdn Bhd (“SDESB”), an 
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Sime Darby Berhad (“Sime Darby”), of 
714,813,100 ordinary shares in UMW 
Holdings Berhad (“UMW”) (“UMW 
Shares”), representing approximately 
61.18% equity interest in UMW for a 
total cash consideration of RM3,574.1 
million (“Proposed Acquisition”);
(ii)
 Proposed Mandatory Take-Over Offer
 
to acquire all the remaining UMW 
Shares not already owned by SDESB 
and Sime Darby subsequent to the 
Proposed Acquisition (“Proposed 
MGO”)
TIME dotCom Berhad
Strategic partnership for the AIMS data 
centre business via the partial divestment 
by TIME dotCom Berhad of shares in AIMS 
Data Centre Holding Sdn Bhd and AIMS 
Data Centre (Thailand) Limited to DB Arrow 
Pte. Limited, a portfolio company managed 
by DigitalBridge Group, Inc.
Pavilion Real Estate Investment 
Trust
RM2.2 billion acquisition of the Pavilion 
Bukit Jalil Mall and its related assets and 
rights from Regal Path Sdn Bhd by Pavilion 
Real Estate Investment Trust to be settled 
via borrowings and the 2 tranches of 
placement of units
Malaysia Building Society Berhad
Acquisition by MBSB of 100% equity stake 
in Malaysian Industrial Development Finance 
Berhad (“MIDF”) from Permodalan Nasional 
Berhad for a consideration of RM1.01 billion
CapitaLand Malaysia Trust
Acquisition of Queensbay Mall located in 
Penang for a total cash consideration of 
RM990.5 million of which RM227.8 million 
was raised by way of private placement of 
new units in CLMT
REGIONAL M&A DEALS
Sentral REIT
RM450.0 million acquisition of Menara 
CelcomDigi from Puncak Wangi Sdn Bhd, a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Malaysian 
Resources Corporation Berhad
206
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Regional Notable Deals

---- Page 209 ----
IFR Asia Awards 2023
• Malaysia Bond House
IFN Deals of the Year 2023
• IFN M&A Deal of the Year 2023
•
 IFN Regulatory Deal of the Year 2023
•
 IFN Indonesia Deal of the Year 2023
IFN Best Banks Poll 2023
• Best Islamic Bank – Malaysia
Alpha Southeast Asia Deal & Solution Awards 
2023
• Most Innovative Deal of the Year
•
 Best Dual-Tranche Sovereign Deal of the Year
•
 Best Inaugural Bond Deal in Southeast Asia
•
 Best Local Currency Bond Deal of the Year in Thailand
•
 Best High Yield Bond Deal of the Year
•
 Best Bond Deal for Retail Investors in Southeast Asia
•
 Best Islamic Finance Deal of the Year
•
 Best Corporate Sukuk Murabahah
•
 Most Innovative Islamic Finance Deal of the Year
•
 Best FIG Sukuk Deal of the Year
•
 Best High Yield Bond Deal of the Year
•
 Best Local Currency Sukuk of the Year
•
 Best ESG Green Financing Deal of the Year in Malaysia
•
 Best Sovereign Green Sukuk of the Year
•
 Best Local Currency Bond Deal of the Year in Indonesia
• Best Local Currency Bond Deal of the Year in Singapore
•
 Best REIT Deal of the Year in Asia
•
 Best Small-Cap IPO Deal in Malaysia
•
 Best Mid-Cap REIT Deal of the Year in Malaysia
•
 Best Domestic M&A Deal of the Year in Malaysia
•
 Best Bond House in Southeast Asia 2023
•
 Best Ringgit Sukuk House in Malaysia 2023
National Annual Corporate Report Awards (NACRA) 2023
• Platinum in the Excellence Awards
•
 Gold in the Best Sustainability Reporting Awards
PwC Malaysia’s Building Trust Awards 2023
• Special Mention
The Banker’s Islamic Bank of the Year 2023
• The Banker’s Islamic Bank of the Year 2023
Global Retail Banking Innovation Awards 2023
• Best Retail Bank – Malaysia
•
 Best Digital Bank – Malaysia
•
 Best Customer Centric Business Model
•
 Best Digital Transformation Program – Malaysia
•
 Best Mobile Banking Initiative
•
 Best Savings Account
•
 Outstanding Digital Innovation in SME Banking – ASEAN
•
 Outstanding Retail Sales Across Digital Channels
•
 Wealth Hub of the Year
•
 Best Credit Card for Affluent Clients (USD70,000 AUM
 
and above)
The Asset Benchmark Research Awards 2023
• Top Investment House
The Banker Investment Banking Awards 2023
• Investment Bank of the Year for Islamic Finance
Asia Risk Awards 2023
• Derivatives House of the Year Malaysia
•
 Derivatives House of the Year Thailand
•
 Derivatives House of the Year Indonesia
Asiamoney Best Bank Awards 2023
• Best Domestic Bank in Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Digital Solutions in Malaysia
The Asset Triple A Private Capital Awards 2023
• Best Bank for Investment Solutions – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Rates – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Credit – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, FX – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Commodities
 
– Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions – Thailand
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Multi-Asset
 
– Thailand
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Equity – Thailand
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Rates – Thailand
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, FX – Thailand
Alpha SEA Best FI Awards 2023
• Best Bond House in Malaysia
•
 Best Equity House in Malaysia
•
 Best Bond House for Sustainable Finance
Asian Banking & Finance Wholesale Banking 
Awards 2023
• Singapore International SME Partnership Initiative Bank  
of the Year
•
 Singapore International Cash Management Bank of the
 
Year
•
 Malaysia Domestic Sustainability Initiative of the Year
•
 Indonesia Domestic Project Finance Bank of the Year
•
 Indonesia Domestic Sustainable Finance Initiative of the
 
Year
Asian Banking & Finance Corporate & Investment Banking Awards 2023
• Equity Deal of the Year – Malaysia
•
 Mergers and Acquisitions Deal of the Year – Malaysia
•
 Syndicated Loan of the Year – Singapore
Asian Banking & Finance Retail Banking Awards 2023
• Banking for Women Initiative of the Year in Indonesia
The Asset Islamic Finance Awards 2023
• Best Investment Bank – Asia-Pacific
•	
Sukuk
	Adviser
	of
	the
	Year 
–
	Asia-Pacific
•
 Best Green Sukuk – Indonesia
•
 Best Social Sukuk – Malaysia
•
 Best Corporate Sukuk – Indonesia
•
 Best Local Currency Sukuk – Indonesia
•
 Best SRI Sukuk – Malaysia
•
 Best Sustainability Sukuk – Corporate – Malaysia
•	
Best
	Sustainability
	Sukuk 
–
	SMEs
	–
	Malaysia
•
 Best Sustainability Sukuk – Bank capital – Malaysia
•
 Best Sustainability Sukuk – Transport – Malaysia
•
 Best Quasi-Sovereign Sukuk – Malaysia
•
 Best Corporate Sukuk – Real Estate – Malaysia
•
 Best Corporate Sukuk – Power – Malaysia
•
 Best Corporate Sukuk – Energy Service Provider
 
– Malaysia
•
 Best Corporate Hybrid Sukuk – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank Sukuk – Malaysia
•
 Best Liability Management – Malaysia
•
 Best Securitisation Sukuk – Malaysia
•
 Best IPO – Malaysia
•
 Best Equity Placement – Malaysia
•
 Best Structured Product – Rates CiFR – Malaysia
•
 Best Investment Solutions – Malaysia
The Asset Private Capital Awards for Private 
Banks, Wealth & Investment Bank Advisers, 
Solutions and Index Providers 2023
• Best Bank for Investment Solutions – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Rates – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Credit – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, FX – Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Commodities
 
– Malaysia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions – Indonesia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Multi-Asset
 
– Indonesia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Equity – Indonesia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, Rates – Indonesia
•
 Best Bank for Investment Solutions, FX – Indonesia
Euromoney Award for Excellence 2023
• Best Bank in Malaysia
Alpha SEA Islamic Finance Awards 2023
• Best Islamic Finance SME Bank in Indonesia
•
 Best Islamic Finance Sukuk House in Malaysia
Alpha SEA Treasury & FX Awards 2023
• Best FX Bank for Hedging Requirements (Corporates,  
FIs, Onshore Middle Market & SMEs) – CCS, IRS, 
Forward & Options
FinanceAsia Awards 2023
• Most Progressive DEI in Malaysia
•
 Best DCM House in Malaysia
Digital CX Awards 2023
• Outstanding Implementation of Digital CX Initiative by a  
Team
Euromoney Islamic Finance Awards 2023
• Best Islamic Project Finance
•
 Best Islamic Local Currency ABS
The Banker Deals of the Year 2023
• Deal of the Year – APAC – Islamic Finance
Forbes’ World’s Best Banks 2023
• #1 Bank in the Philippines
Asian Banker’s Global Excellence in Retail 
Financial Services Awards 2023
• Best Retail Bank in Malaysia
The Asset Digital Awards 2023
• Best Digital Upgrade
Asiamoney Asia Private Banking Awards 2023
• Best Domestic Private Bank in Malaysia
•
 Best Digital Private Bank in Malaysia
•
 Best for ESG Investing in Malaysia
•
 Best for High Net Worth in Malaysia
Integrated Annual Report 2023
207
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Notable Achievements

---- Page 210 ----
Chinese New Year Lion Dance 
Performance, Menara CIMB’s Lobby
In keeping with CIMB’s tradition in ushering 
the New Year together, #teamCIMB celebrated 
Chinese New Year with a vibrant acrobatic 
Chinese drums and lion dance performances 
to boost the spirit of festivity, positive vibes 
and prosperity.
Malaysia Autoshow 2023, MAEPS Serdang
CIMB introduced its suite of Electric Vehicle 
(EV) Financing Solution, the most 
comprehensive in the market to drive the 
adoption of EVs in Malaysia at the Malaysia 
Autoshow 2023.
Hari Raya Open House, Mandarin Oriental KL
CIMB Group hosted our annual Hari Raya 
Open house for our valued clients to 
strengthen relationships with our customers, 
clients and stakeholders.
EPICC CX Star Awards, Mandarin Oriental KL
The EPICC CX Star Awards reward and 
recognise #teamCIMB colleagues who have 
displayed extraordinary behaviours and 
provided an amazing experience to both 
internal and external customers. 112 top 
finalists were selected from all over our 
regional offices from Malaysia, Indonesia, 
Singapore, Thailand, Cambodia, the Phillipines 
and Vietnam.
CIMB Group’s 66th Virtual Annual 
General Meeting
The Annual General Meeting of CIMB Group 
Holdings Berhad was held virtually at Menara 
CIMB in KL Sentral.
Ramadhan Shopping, Mydin Subang Jaya
CIMB Foundation brought cheer to 200 
underprivileged children from two welfare 
homes by taking them shopping to prepare 
for the Hari Raya Aidilfitri celebration. Over 60 
#teamCIMB volunteers joined in to assist the 
children with their shopping.
31 January
Bazar Siberturahim Fashion Fest, Sime 
Darby Property KLGCC International 
Gallery, KL
CIMB and CIMB Islamic launched the second 
edition of the Bazar Siberturahim Fashion 
Fest, a fashion and lifestyle event presented 
by CIMB Preferred. The four-day event 
connected style hunters, fashion & lifestyle 
enthusiasts and designers, as well as serving 
as a key initiative in delivering comprehensive 
wealth solutions to CIMB’s emerging and 
affluent clients.
2-5 March
8 April
6 May
16 May12-13 March
13 April
EPICC Race, Klang Valley
Forty-five teams of enthusiastic CIMBians 
participated in the EPICC Race which included 
activities and tasks at 18 CIMB beneficiaries 
all around Klang Valley. It was a wonderful 
opportunity for the team to bond and foster 
EPICC ties whilst giving back to society.
25 February
19 June
Launch of CIMB Bank Express
CIMB Singapore launched CIMB Bank Express 
on the 1st anniversary of CIMB Plaza. The 
launch of CIMB Bank Express solidified its 
footprint in the heart of the Central Business 
District, complimenting the omni-channel 
experience, with emphasis on creating an 
engaging and immersive experience with the 
use of chatbots, anamorphic displays and 
interactive table-top screens to support 
self-service banking, products demonstration 
and accounts applications.
208
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Event Highlights

---- Page 211 ----
Malaysia Emerging Artist (MEA) Award by 
CIMB Foundation beneficiaries, Limkokwing 
University of Creative Technology, Cyberjaya
CIMB Foundation honoured and celebrated 
local young artists by featuring 65 new 
creative artworks at the Thirteen Best Artists 
Showcase. The awards highlighted and 
featured the works of important Malaysian 
contemporary artists of the future. The 
exhibition also featured a line-up of exciting 
art talks, classes and curatorial tours to 
provide visitors with in-depth sharing of art 
pieces as well as retail booths managed by 
CIMB Foundation beneficiaries.
Leadership Forum, Double Tree Hilton, 
Melaka
The Forum was a gathering of CIMB’s best 
and brightest from six ASEAN Countries, with 
two days of workshop and bonding as well as 
working on issues plaguing CIMB. Participants 
also had the opportunity to get into the 
winning mindset with a session with Olympian 
and Keirin World Champion Datuk Azizulhasni 
Awang.
CIMB Artober Art&Soul, MITEC KL
CIMB Artober returned for the fourth year, 
showcasing two platforms – CIMB Artober 
Art&Soul, a regional art fair featuring renowned 
commercial galleries, while CIMB Artober 
Fashion Week showcases exclusive fashion 
shows featuring collections by leading local and 
regional designers. The fair was launched by 
KDYMM Seri Paduka Baginda Raja Permaisuri 
Agong, and included the ‘Pahang Pavilion’ 
feature that showcased heritage textiles such 
as tenun Pahang DiRaja from the private 
collection of Raja Permaisuri Agong.
6-16 July
13-14 July
6-8 October
24 August
Kejar Mimpi Untuk Indonesia Concert 
(KMUI), The Ritz Carlton Pacific Place 
Hotel, Jakarta
KMUI 2023 Concert “Cahaya dari Timur” 
presented a breath of Indonesian culture in 
appreciation to CIMB Niaga’s prime customers, 
attended by over 2,000 clients and guests.
23 August
Best Customer Service Award by The 
Straits Times
CIMB Singapore emerged as the top three 
winners in the Consumer Bank category in 
The Straits Times’s Best Customer Service 
survey.
11-21 September
The Cooler Earth 2023
CIMB hosted its annual flagship event The 
Cooler Earth for the fifth year consecutively in 
Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and 
Cambodia. Themed “Sustainability in Action: 
Opportunities for a Better Tomorrow”, the 
event offered insights, solutions and business 
cases to accelerate transitions towards 
low-carbon sustainable business models.
18 August
11 November
Run To Win, CIMB Thai Head Office
The “Run to Win – Save Children’s Heart” 
project is an employee health promotion 
campaign and fundraiser for children with 
heart disease at Banpheao Hospital. CIMB 
Thai
	contributed
	10
	Baht
	for
	every
	1 
kilometer	
ran by participants. A total of 1,500 CIMBians
 
nationwide participated in this project and 
they successfully achieved an accumulated 
distance of 88,500 kilometers by the end of 
the run, translating to is a total of 525,571 
baht for the cause.
CSR Chiang Mai, Chonlaprathanphataek 
School, Chiang Mai
CIMB Thai together with Money and Banking 
Magazine, Kingsmen C.M.T.I. Plc. and The 
Royal Project Development Center Teen-Tok 
School collaborated in a CSR project, which 
included developing a computer learning 
centre and a community library at 
Chonlaprathanphataek School in Chiang Mai. 
The project aimed to provide technology 
resources to students in remote schools.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
209
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 212 ----
Dagang News 17 April
CIMB sumbang hampir RM1.9 juta 
kepada lebih 33,000 individu memerlukan
New Straits Times 6 October
#JOM!: CIMB 
Artober back 
for the fourth 
year, launched 
by the Queen
CIMB extends payment relief 
to flood victims
The Star Online 8 March
The Sun 14 April
 The Edge 30 August
CIMB’s 2Q net profit rises 38% on strong 
operating income growth, stringent cost 
controls, declares 17.5 sen dividend
Dagang News 22 May
CIMB bawa pulang 9 anugerah 
Islamic Finance News 2023
The Edge 12 December 
CapitaLand Malaysia Trust converts 
RM693 mil loan from CIMB into a 
sustainability-linked loan for funding 
of Penang mall buy
The Star 8 May
CIMB launches comprehensive suite of 
financial solutions to drive EV adoption
Daily Express 16 August
Euromoney: CIMB the 
best bank in Malaysia
The Edge 16 June
Novan 
Amirudin 
appointed as 
CEO of CIMB 
Investment 
Bank
The Sun 24 November
The Edge  10 April 
CIMB Bank 
named 
Best Retail 
Bank in 
Malaysia
Nanyang Siang Pau 1 December
CIMB’s net profit increased by 30%
CIMB tingkatkan sasaran kewangan lestari 
kepada RM100 bilion menjelang 2024
Dagang News 1 December 
Borneo Post Sarawak 31 July
CIMB enhances GreenBizReady™ 
with new RM3 bln financing proramme
Dagang News 19 June
CIMB Foundation sumbang mesin pengimejan 
mata bernilai RM1.3 juta kepada PPUM
The Star 9 June 
CIMB ASEAN Scholarship aims to empower 
the brightest youth in the region by 
providing pathway to tertiary education
The Star 27 April 
CIMB Private Banking named best 
domestic private bank by Asiamoney
Edge CEO Morning Brief 1 June
CIMB’s 1Q net profit up 15.3% on 
higher income growth, strong cost controls
The Edge 2 October
210
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Media Highlights

---- Page 213 ----
Ringgit Plus 1 November
The Star 14 February
CIMB onboards first MNC to 
sustainability-linked Treasury programme
The Star 27 June
CIMB reaffirms 
commitment to provide 
financing solutions for SMEs
The Star 3 April
Main-Market-bound Radium signs 
underwriting agreement with Malacca 
Securities, CIMB Investment Bank
CIMB Islamic, YDSM dan UniSZA jalin kerjasama 
perkasa graduan dalam bidang pertanian
Dagang News 16 March
Business Today 19 September
Dau tu online 9 October
Vietnam receives “Asia’s Best Companies to Work for in 
Asia 2023” award from HR Asia Awards 
BusinessToday 3 August
Principal Introduces 
Two New funds To 
Expand Its Lineup Of 
Shariah-Compliant 
Solutions
Dagang News 26 July
CIMB Islamic labur lebih RM3 juta bagi 
manfaat 500 peserta program keusahawanan
RinggitPlus 7 August 
CIMB Opens First Branch With Integrated 
Sustainable Features At IOI City Mall
Invest Malaysia New York 2023
The Edge 9 October
Touch ‘n Go appoints Praba Sangarajoo as CEO
China Press 15 March
The Sun 18 December
Deutsche Bank partners with CIMB 
Islamic for syariah-compliant custody
Thai Post 1 December
CIMB Thai’s first sustainability-linked loan for AWC
infobanknews 4 July 
CIMB Niaga a champion in retail banking
Touch ‘n Go eWallet Wins 
Fintech of the Year 2023
Borneo Post Sarawak 13 October
The Malaysian Reserve 7 March
Astro Awani 29 May 
Azizulhasni 
sprints to fourth 
gold medal in 
Hong Kong
Khmer Times 1 December
Manila Bulletin 26 September
The Edge Singapore 13 November 
CIMB Singapore well 
poised to capture 
new growth as 
regional economies 
recover
Integrated Annual Report 2023
211
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 214 ----
Issued and Paid-up Share Capital  :  RM29,094,547,322.88 comprising 10,665,101,700 ordinary shares
Class of Shares
 :
 Ordinary shares*
Voting Rights
 :
 One vote per ordinary share
* There are no special rights preference shares or golden shares issued by the company.
ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
(AS PER THE RECORD OF DEPOSITORS)
Size of Shareholdings No. of Shareholders % of Shareholders No. of Shares ^ % of Issued Shares
1 – 99 5,794 7.46 196,220 0.00
Notes:
*
 Less 
than 5% of issued holdings.
**
 5% 
and above of issued holdings.
^ Excludes 4,908 shares retained as treasury 
shares as at 29 February 2024.
100 – 1,000 28,912 37.21 13,171,814 0.12
1,001 – 10,000 32,329 41.61 117,956,939 1.11
10,001 – 100,000 8,744 11.25 229,901,488 2.16
100,001 – 533,255,084 (*) 1,913 2.46 5,983,361,705 56.10
533,255,085 and above (**) 3 0.01 4,320,513,534 40.51
Director holding 0 0.00 0 0.00
Total 77,695 100.00 10,665,101,700 100.00
ANALYSIS OF EQUITY STRUCTURE
(AS PER THE RECORD OF DEPOSITORS)
No. of Holders No. of Shares %
Malaysian
Foreign
Malaysian
Foreign
Malaysian
ForeignCategory of Shareholders Bumiputra Non-Bumiputra Bumiputra Non-Bumiputra Bumiputra Non-Bumiputra
1) Individual 7,931 50,690 882 22,027,681 317,731,139 15,732,114 0.21 2.98 0.15
2)
 Body Corporate
A)
 Banks/Finance Companies 62 4 0 1,911,840,564 2,431,560 0 17.93 0.02 0.00
B)
 Investments Trusts/Foundation/Charities 7 21 0 214,372 1,338,502 0 0.00 0.01 0.00
C)
 Other Types of Companies 49 513 25 2,424,342 75,599,674 18,366,066 0.02 0.71 0.17
3)
 Government Agencies/Institutions 4 0 0 2,457,646,439 0 0 23.04 0.00 0.00
4)
 Nominees 10,173 5,545 1,787 214,931,709 2,308,981,732 3,315,811,701 2.02 21.65 31.09
5)
 Trustee 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 0.00 0.00
6)
 Others 0 2 0 0 24,105 0 0.00 0.00 0.00
18,226 56,775 2,694 4,609,085,107 2,706,106,712 3,349,909,881 43.22 25.37 31.41
Grand Total 77,695 10,665,101,700 100
212
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Shareholders’ Statistics
as at 29 February 2024

---- Page 215 ----
DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS
(AS PER THE REGISTER OF DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS)
No. of Shares Held
Notes:
*¹
 Excludes 4,908 
shares retained as treasury 
shares as at 29 February 2024.
*²
 Less 
than 0.01%.
*³
 Shareholdings of his 
spouse.
*⁴
 Shares 
held under Nominee Company.
Direct Interest %*¹ Indirect Interest %*¹
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan 1,285,710 0.01 95,498*³ –*²
Didi Syafruddin Yahya – – 46,791*³ –*²
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad – – 36,227*4 –*²
Save as disclosed below, none of the Directors has any interest in CIMB’s shares as at 29 February 2024:
Number of CIMB Shares
Directors
As at
31 December 2022
Acquired/
Granted
(Disposed/
Vested)
As at
29 February 2024
Non-Executive
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan 1,381,208 – – 1,381,208
Didi Syafruddin Yahya 46,791 – – 46,791
Executive
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad 13,679 22,548 – 36,227
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
(AS PER THE REGISTER OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDINGS)
No. of Shares Held
Name of Substantial Shareholders Direct %*¹ Indirect %*¹
Khazanah Nasional Berhad 2,454,306,861 23.01 – – Notes:
*¹
 Excludes 4,908 
shares retained as treasury 
shares as at 29 February 2024.
*²
 Includes shares held through nominees.
Employees Provident Fund 1,431,411,941*² 13.42*² – –
Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 621,926,641 5.83 – –
Integrated Annual Report 2023
213
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 216 ----
30 LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS
(AS PER REGISTER OF MEMBERS AND RECORDS OF DEPOSITORS)
Name of Shareholders
No. of
Shares Held
% of Issued
Capital*1
1. Khazanah Nasional Berhad 2,454,306,861 23.01
2. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Employees Provident Fund Board
1,268,670,272 11.90
3. Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 621,926,641 5.83
4. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Bumiputera
483,995,262 4.54
5. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Malaysia 2 – Wawasan
223,614,587 2.10
6. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Malaysia
170,907,508 1.60
7. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Exempt an for AIA Bhd
148,815,262 1.40
8. Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
Exempt an for State Street Bank & Trust Company (West CLT OD67)
131,479,812 1.23
9. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMCB NA for Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund
108,694,823 1.02
10. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMCB NA for Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund
107,243,108 1.01
11. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 2
104,222,531 0.98
12. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMSE Lux for Stichting Depositary APG Emerging Markets Equity Pool
100,526,745 0.94
13. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
CB Spore GW for Government of Singapore (GIC C)
94,431,073 0.89
14. Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
PAMB for Prulink Equity Fund
87,171,801 0.82
15. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMCB NA for T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Discovery Stock Trust
79,683,395 0.75
214
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Shareholders’ Statistics
as at 29 February 2024

---- Page 217 ----
Name of Shareholders
No. of
Shares Held
% of Issued
Capital*1
16. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 3
77,141,233 0.72
17. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Employees Provident Fund Board (NOMURA)
75,001,130 0.70
18. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (PAR 1)
70,034,945 0.66
19. Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad for Prulink Strategic Fund
64,250,288 0.60
20. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMCB NA For T. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. – T.Rowe Price Emerging Markets Discovery Stock Fund
61,379,525 0.58
21. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMCB NA for Blackrock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. Investment Funds for Employee Benefit Trusts
59,678,536 0.56
22. Permodalan Nasional Berhad 54,280,113 0.51
23. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
Exempt an for Citibank New York (Norges Bank 19)
52,583,000 0.49
24. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMCB NA for Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company Institutional Total International Stock Market Index Trust II
52,466,400 0.49
25. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
Exempt an for Citibank New York (Norges Bank 14)
48,166,800 0.45
26. Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
BNYM SA/NV for People’s Bank of China (SICL Asia EM)
47,787,603 0.45
27. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
J.P. Morgan Securities PLC
47,546,310 0.45
28. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
HSBC BK PLC for the Prudential Assurance Company Limited
43,187,011 0.41
29. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
HSBC BK PLC for Kuwait Investment Office (KIO)
40,972,330 0.38
30. Maybank Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Maybank Trustees Berhad for Public Regular Savings Fund (N14011940100)
40,051,244 0.38
Total 7,020,216,149 65.85
Note:
*¹
 Excludes 4,908 
shares retained as treasury shares as at 29 February 2024.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
215
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 218 ----
Policies are formulated to govern standard day-to-day operations and to manage the expected risks of CIMB Group. As such, the Group’s policies are developed from the baseline of current 
regulatory requirements and industry best practices to govern the business and operations of the Group.
The policies of our business units have been documented, endorsed by the Group Risk & Compliance Committee (GRCC) or its sub-committee(s) and approved by our Board or Board Risk 
& Compliance Committee for implementation across our Group, where relevant. Operational procedures are approved by Group Policy & Procedure Oversight Committee (GPOC) for 
implementation. Approved policies and procedures are timely disseminated to stakeholders. Reviews and updates are performed regularly on approved policies, procedures and guidelines. 
This is done with the intent to ensure continuous improvements in operational efficiency while taking into consideration the changing industry profile on regulatory requirements, risks and 
internal control measures for mitigation, and new products and services.
Listed below are some of the Group’s key policies and procedures:
No. Title Description
1. a)
 Group Administration & Property
 
Management Malaysia Policy
b)
 Group Administration & Property
 
Management Malaysia Procedure
These documents relate to the administrative operations of the Group and covers the operational policies governing procurement, 
property, maintenance services, security services, logistics, telecommunications, insurance and occupational safety and health 
administration.
2. a)
 Accounting Policy
b)
 Group Finance – Business Finance
 
Advisory & Financial Reporting 
Standards Procedures
c)
 Accounting Procedure – Hedge
 
Accounting
These documents define the accounting concepts and policies that are consistent with Malaysia Financial Reporting Standards and 
Generally Accepted Accounting Practices.
3. a)
 Group Outsourcing Policy
b)
 Group Outsourcing Procedure
These documents set out how outsourcing arrangements in the Group are managed across the lifecycle of the arrangement to ensure
 
proper controls are in place in managing outsourcing risk.
4. a)
 Group Business Continuity
 
Management Framework
b)
 Group Business Continuity
 
Management Policy
c)
 Group Business Continuity
 
Management Procedure
These documents define the minimum Business Continuity Management (BCM) requirements for developing, implementing and testing to 
ensure that BCM arrangements continue to meet the needs of CIMB Group in the event of a crisis.
5. Group Corporate Communications This document sets out the framework for the dissemination of information by the Group to its shareholders, media and other 
stakeholders. Information given by the Group to the general public shall always be timely, accurate, relevant and reliable so as to enable 
a properly informed view of how the Group is governed, its financial and operational performances, future prospects and key corporate 
developments.
216
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Internal Policies, Procedures and Guidelines

---- Page 219 ----
No. Title Description
6. Group Crisis Communications Guidelines Crises affect organisations in varying degrees and frequency. The challenge for the affected organisation is to manage these crises well in 
order to get back to the business of running the organisation as quickly as possible. CIMB Group has a Crisis Communications Guide to 
aid effective response and communication with affected stakeholders in a timely and consistent manner. It defines crisis, crisis 
classification, escalation procedures, and the establishment of a crisis communication management team and centre.
7. a)
 Group Data Management Policy
 
Manual
b)
 Group Data Management Procedure
These policies and procedures enable a structured approach to the management of data and dissemination of information throughou
t 
CIMB Group. The manual spells out the data governance and management information system frameworks.
8. a)
 Group Anti-Money Laundering/
Counter Financing of Terrorism
 
Policy
b)
 Group Anti-Money Laundering/
Counter-Financing of Terrorism
 
Procedure
CIMB Group places importance on, and is committed to establishing an effective internal control system for AML/CFT in compliance with 
all related laws, regulations, guidelines and industry best practices. The Group AML/CFT policies encompasses all reporting institutions of 
CIMB Group, to ensure consistency in managing the AML/CFT compliance. The manual governs the appointment of anti-money 
laundering compliance officers, the monitoring and reporting of suspicious transactions, sanction management, record retention, 
employee training, risk and status reporting to Board and Senior Management and an independent audit of the internal AML/CFT 
measures.
9. Recruitment Policy This document sets out the minimum requirements to ensure that a standard and professional approach is adopted to assist the Group 
in talent acquisition through proper sourcing, selection and appointment, from the date the position becomes available or vacant to the 
date the position is filled.
10. Risk Management of Travel Policy This document addresses flight travel for staff in order to minimise the potential risks to CIMB Group in terms of continuity of leadership 
and operations. The policies cover senior management, staff at department levels and staff in general.
11. Policy & Procedure on Fit and Proper 
Criteria For Key Responsible Persons
This document sets out the procedures on Fit and Proper assessment for key responsible persons who are accountable or responsible 
for the management and oversight of the entities in the Group regulated by Financial Services Act 2013, Islamic Financial Services Act 
2013 and Insurance Act 1996. These comprise Directors, members of the Shariah Committee, Chief Executive Officers/Executive Directors, 
any person performing a senior management function who has the primary or significant responsibility for the management and 
performance of significant business activities; and any person who has primary or significant responsibility of key control functions.
12. Staff Rejuvenation Programme This document sets out the rules and guidelines to allow staff to take a break from work without any loss in service or disadvantage in 
career progression.
13. HR Policy on Staff Volunteerism This document sets out the rules and guidelines to encourage staff to volunteer for CSR activities funded by CIMB Foundation. The 
policies provide recognition of time spent by staff on CSR activities. This is part of CIMB Group’s effort to enhance community projects by 
contributing expertise, energy, enthusiasm and efforts of staff.
14. Staff Welfare Fund The Staff Welfare Fund is established to provide financial assistance to our staff and their family members to cope with high medical 
expenses, as a result of being involved in an accident or due to serious illness. The fund is also used to assist in loss/damage of 
property due to natural disasters e.g. fire/flood.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
217
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 220 ----
No. Title Description
15. Sexual Harassment Policy & Guidelines These documents set out the policies and guidelines to maintain a working environment which is free of sexual coercion and annoyance. 
CIMB Group is committed to ensure that all employees are protected from harassment of any kind and in particular from sexual 
harassment. The policy covers all CIMB Group employees including contract and temporary employees.
16. Whistle Blowing Policy This document is in place to ensure CIMB Group has a disciplined and professional workforce. Under this policy, employees are required 
to promptly report incident of wrongdoings, malpractices or irregularities at their workplace to the Management for immediate 
rectification and action and the Management is committed to ensure strict confidentiality and will not only protect the identity of the 
complainants and will also protect the complainant from any harassment and victimisation at work due to the disclosure.
17. Anti Bribery and Corruption Policy This document sets out policy matters relating to the prevention of bribery and corruption, and sets out the responsibilities of Group 
employees and associated persons working for and on behalf of the Group, in observing and upholding the Group’s position on anti-
bribery and corruption.
18. Global Employee Mobility Policy This document sets out the terms, benefits and guidelines for CIMB employees deployed on regional secondments. This is part of CIMB 
Group’s effort to encourage movement of talent across borders for business and/or talent development purposes.
19. a)
 Group Conflict Management &
 
Chinese Wall Policy
b)
 Group Conflict Management &
 
Chinese Wall Procedure
These documents consolidated the Group Chinese Walls Policy and Procedures and the Group Conflict Management Policy and 
Procedures.
The revised policy is to prescribe standards, outline the requirements and provide guidance to ensure processes and controls are in 
place in order to identify and manage any conflict or when potential conflict of interest situation arises.
The Personal Account Dealing (PAD) sections that were previously provided by the Group Conflict Management Policy and Procedures 
remain valid until the new standalone PAD Policy and Procedures is approved.
20. a)
 Shariah Advisory and Board Shariah
 
Committee Secretariat Policy
b)
 Shariah Advisory and Board Shariah
 
Committee Secretariat Procedure
These documents define and explain the overall framework applicable to the Islamic businesses of CIMB Group so that they can be 
conducted in the most effective manner and in line with the Shariah and the regulations of Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM), Securities 
Commission (SC), the rulings of both Shariah Advisory Councils of BNM and SC (SAC) and the rulings of Group Shariah Committee. 
Wherever appropriate, reference will also be made to the Shariah rulings issued by the Shariah authorities in other jurisdictions such as 
Dewan Shariah Nasional, Majelis Ulama Indonesia (DSN-MUI), the Shariah Committee at Authoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam etc. based 
on the jurisdictional and locality requirements applicable to regional Islamic businesses of CIMB Group.
21. a)
 Group T&M – General Policy
b)
 Group T&M – General Procedure
These documents define the policies and procedures on activities carried out by Treasury & Markets department in relation to th
e 
Group’s markets, sales and trading businesses in interest rates, credit, foreign exchange, commodities, equities and their derivatives, debt 
capital markets, fixed income investments, and treasury and funding operations for the Group.
22. a)
 Group Fraud Risk Policy
b)
 Group Fraud Risk Procedure
These documents outline the commitment of CIMB Group to uphold zero-tolerance approach to fraudulent activities and aim to prov
ide 
the policies to develop controls that will aid in the prevention, detection and investigation of fraud against CIMB Group, thereby 
establishing an integrated and robust Group Fraud Risk Management framework in the organisation.
218
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Internal Policies, Procedures and Guidelines

---- Page 221 ----
No. Title Description
23. a)
 IT Infrastructure and Service Policy
b)
 Disaster Recover Policy
c)
 IT General Control Policy
d)
 Information Security Policy
 
(E-Banking, Digital & Internet 
Application Policy + Cyber Security 
Policy + Information Security Policy)
e)
 Group System Development Policy
f)
 End User Computing Policy (Desktop
 
& Mobility)
g)
 Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Policy
h)
 IT Service Management Policy
i)
 IT Project Management Policy
These documents govern all aspects of information technology within the Group and provides Management with direction and suppor
t in 
accordance with relevant laws, regulations and business requirements. It is designed to increase adherence to regulatory and internal 
requirements and ensures consistency in the Group’s standards of operations and practices whilst at the same time facilitating sharing of 
information across the Group and improved controls across the Group when managing information technology. These are global best 
practices and in accordance with global standards such as COBIT, ITIL, CMMi, ISO etc. This document has been standardised across the 
Region to facilitate a Regional Operating Model.
24. a)
 Technology Risk Management
 
Framework
b)
 Technology Risk Management Policy
c)
 Technology Risk Management
 
Procedure
These documents provide a consistent and unified approach for developing, managing and improving technology (including Cyber, Cloud 
and Emerging Technologies) risk management within the Group’s business operations. It is a systematic approach to identify, analyse, 
evaluate, treat, monitor and communicate technology risks associated with any activity, function or process, thereby protecting the Group 
by minimising its operational disruptions and losses.
25. a)
 Group Compliance Policies
b)
 Group Compliance Procedures
These documents are to establish a compliance programme framework to ensure compliance with relevant laws, regulations, rules,
 
related self-regulatory organisation standards, and codes of conduct applicable to its regulated and licenced activities that govern the 
overall working of the business and support units within CIMB Group.
26. a)
 Group Competition Law Policy
b)
 Group Competition Law Procedure
The Malaysian Competition Act came into force in 2012 and has changed the business landscape in Malaysia and affected the way a
ll 
Malaysian businesses operate. The Competition Law Manual provides an overview of the Competition Act and guides all business units 
within the Malaysian banking entities of CIMB Group to familiarise and understand the competition laws of Malaysia. It is a general guide 
on anti-competitive conduct, anti-competitive agreements and compliance reporting of any violations or breach of the Malaysian 
Competition Act.
27. Group Liquidity Risk Management Policy This is the primary reference document on matters relating to the key principles for the management of liquidity risk across the banking 
entities within CIMB Group.
This document sets out key approaches and critical areas for an integrated liquidity risk management process including liquidity risk 
management strategies, Board and management oversight, roles and responsibilities of various divisions/ departments, measurement 
methodologies, controls, monitoring and reporting procedures to ensure that the Group has sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations as 
they fall due.
Group’s contingency funding plan is in place to alert and to enable the management to act effectively and efficiently during a liquidity 
crisis and under adverse market conditions.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
219
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 222 ----
No. Title Description
28. Group Reputation Risk Policy This document outlines the definition of reputation risk, process of managing reputation risk, potential sources of reputation risk as well 
as the roles and responsibilities of key stakeholders.
29. Group Credit Risk Policy (Non-Retail) 
(with Islamic addendum and Private 
Banking addendum)
These documents outline the broad credit/financing guiding principles that are applicable to CIMB Group’s conventional and Islamic 
banking businesses, with the purpose of establishing discipline for orderly extension of credit/financing activities as well as ensuring 
consistency in credit risk management activities.
30. a)
 CIMB Group Personal Data
 
Protection Policy
b)
 CIMB Group Personal Data
 
Protection Procedure
These documents outline the requirements of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA) and is intended to assist CIMB Group in 
meeting its statutory responsibilities as detailed in the PDPA. It serves as a general guide to the PDPA and CIMB Group’s related 
processes and obligations to ensure that all staff within the relevant entities/divisions of the Group in Malaysia is familiar with, 
understand and comply with the personal data protection laws of Malaysia.
31. a)
 Group Shariah Review Policy
b)
 Group Shariah Review Procedure
These documents define and explain the overall Shariah compliance review framework applicable to the Islamic banking and financ
e 
businesses of CIMB Group to ensure Shariah compliance and handle Shariah non-compliance events.
32. CIMB Group Enterprise-Wide Risk 
Management (EWRM) Framework
This document describes the policies, methodologies/standards and procedures, and provides guidance to the risk management teams 
towards achieving a common platform and consistent approach to risk management across the Group; provides an overview of each 
identified risk to promote clear and accountable risk management processes; and facilitates readiness and compliance to Bank Negara 
Malaysia and other regulatory requirements.
33. Group Market Risk Policy This document prescribes a consistent Group-wide framework to manage market risk across all CIMB entities. It serves as a primary 
reference document for the Group in establishing a sound operating environment for market risk activities that is consistent with the 
governance and control standards of the Group Risk Appetite Statement.
34. Group Operational Risk Management 
Policy
This document sets out the overall approach for CIMB Group to manage operational risk by identifying, assessing, managing and 
reporting its operational risks.
35. Group Interest Rate Risk/Rate of Return 
Risk in the Banking Book Policy
This is the primary reference document on the key principles for the management of interest rate risk in the banking book across the 
banking entities within CIMB Group.
This document sets out key approaches and critical areas for an integrated management of the interest rate risk in the banking book 
including Board and management oversight, roles and responsibilities of divisions/departments, measurement methodologies, controls, 
monitoring and reporting procedures to ensure that the interest rate risk arising from the Group operations is properly identified, 
measured, monitored and managed over a range of potential changing interest rate environments including stress conditions.
36. a)
 CIMB Group Shariah Risk
 
Management Policy
b)
 CIMB Group Shariah Risk
 
Management Procedures
a)
 This document articulates the objectives, mission, guiding principles, governance structure as well as methodology and approach
 
adopted by the Group in managing Shariah Non-Compliance (SNC) risk.
b)
 This document provides the explanation/illustration to facilitate the Group in identifying, assessing, controlling and monitori
ng SNC 
risk inherent in its Islamic products and day-to-day activities.
220
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Internal Policies, Procedures and Guidelines

---- Page 223 ----
No. Title Description
37. Group Management Product Approval 
Process Policy
This document sets out the Group’s approach for the management of the submission and approval of products and product-related 
process changes for new and existing products (including distribution of third party products). The objective of the Management Product 
Approval Process Policy is to provide clear directives, fundamental principles and a structural governance for submission and approval of 
products and product-related process changes for new and existing products (including distribution of third party products).
38. Group Retail Credit Policy This document serves as an overarching group policy governing all credit aspects of Retail Lending/Financing business. It contains high 
level key risk principles, risk philosophy statements and credit underwriting standards taking into consideration best market practices and 
aims to provide both transparency and consistency in standardising our assessment, identification, measurement, monitoring, reporting 
and controlling of retail credit risk across the Group.
39. Group Internal Capital Adequacy 
Assessment Process (ICAAP) Policy
This document describes the policy aspects of ICAAP for the relevant banking entities within CIMB Group that are required to comply 
with ICAAP by its local regulators. It ensures adequate policies are in place for the efficient and proper conduct of ICAAP across these 
banking entities within the Group. The document also sets out the approach and key ICAAP requirements which include assessing the 
risk profile of the bank, assessing the capital adequacy and capital management strategies, monitoring compliance with the regulatory 
requirement on capital adequacy, reporting to management and regulator on ICAAP and ICAAP governance and independent review.
40. a)
 Group Delegated Authority Policy
b)
 Group Delegated Authority
 
Procedure
These documents set out the nature and extent of the authority formally delegated from the CIMB Group Holdings Berhad’s Board of 
Directors. The contents cover both financial approval and document execution. This policy does not apply to delegated credit and human 
resource authorities which are covered separately by the respective Divisions’ policies.
41. Group Corporate Assurance Policy This document sets out the policies governing GCAD in order to deliver an efficient and effective internal audit service (including 
investigation) in congruence with the goals of the CIMB Group of Companies.
42. a)
 Group Entity Governance Policy
b)
 Group Entity Governance Procedure
These documents are developed to put in place the minimum governance requirements for entities across the Group in terms of:
•
 Directors’ and Responsible Officers’ requirements, roles and responsibilities
•
 Management accountability
•
 Committee structure and oversight
•
 Adherence to Group Policies and Procedures
•
 Inter-entity Service Level Agreements
•
 Adherence to the Group Financial Booking Governance
•
 Financial Delegation of Authority
The Policy sets out how subsidiaries, joint-venture entities, associates and the like are governed by its parent and the apex e
ntity, 
through (i) how the entities communicate with each other and (ii) the implementation of controls that are dependent on the entities’ 
categorisation.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
221
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 224 ----
No. Title Description
43. a)
 Group Customer Experience
 
Management – Complaints Handling 
Policy Manual
b)
 Group Customer Experience
 
Management – Complaints Handling 
Procedure Manual
These documents set out the standard framework and mechanism when dealing with customers’ complaints regionally in accordance 
with regulatory and CIMB Group standards. This is to ensure prompt and constructive responses are given to Customer which in turn 
will build customer loyalty and confidence towards CIMB Group.
44. a)
 CIMB Group Customer Exit Handling
 
Policy
b)
 CIMB Group Customer Exit Handling
 
Procedure
These documents provide a common customer exit handling standards which are to be adhered to by all relevant business units and/or 
departments within CIMB Group entities, in order to effectively safeguard the reputation of the franchise and to mitigate associated 
negative impacts.
45. a)
 Group Customer Experience
 
Management – Treating Customers 
Fairly Policy Manual
b)
 Group Customer Experience
 
Management – Treating Customers 
Fairly Procedure Manual
These documents are established in line with BNM’s Market Conduct and Consumer Empowerment standards. It aims to inculcate the 
Treating Customers Fairly principles into the corporate culture of CIMB Group.
It states the guidelines to be applied in managing and working towards fair treatment of customers and sets out the principles to ensure 
CIMB Group of employees comply with internal Treating Customers Fairly requirements.
46. a)
 Disclosure of Customer Information
 
to Law Enforcement Agency Policy 
Manual
b)
 Disclosure of Customer Information
 
to Law Enforcement Agency 
Procedure Manual
These documents describe the broad principles on disclosure of customer documents or information to law enforcement agency(ies) with 
the purpose to facilitate the investigation or prosecution by law enforcement agency(ies). It is established to provide a clear guidance on 
the circumstances that a disclosure of customer documents or information is permitted and the method of such disclosure is to be 
released to the Law Enforcement Agency. This is to ensure compliance with the guidelines issued by BNM on disclosure of customer 
information.
47. Group Sustainability Policy (GSP) This document outlines our overarching principles and approach to sustainability, including how we manage sustainability risks.
48. Group Sustainable Financing Policy 
(GSFP)
This document identifies, assesses, manages and mitigates risks arising from financing and capital raising activities of our non-individual 
clients, especially pertinent in sectors that are most vulnerable to environmental and social risks. 148 sub-sectors within 10 main 
industries have been classified as high sustainability risk sectors, and a total seven Sector Guides are in place for Palm Oil, Forestry 
(including Rubber), Oil and Gas, Construction and Infrastructure, Coal, Mining and Quarrying and Manufacturing sectors. A structured due 
diligence and escalation is in place for clients and transactions identified to have high sustainability risk.
49. Group Employee Diversity & Inclusion 
Policy
This policy outlines CIMB Group’s position on diversity and inclusion, guideline principles and standards of diversity and inclusivity that 
CIMB Group sets out to realise as well as the approach/intervention framework which steers the operationalisation of the Group’s 
diversity and inclusion principles.
50. Group Human Rights Policy This document describes our commitments, principles and approaches to human rights. It addresses the identification, assessment and 
management of salient human rights risks, which are those with the potential to cause the most severe negative impacts to the 
rightholders.
222
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Internal Policies, Procedures and Guidelines

---- Page 225 ----
Location Description/Existing Use
Tenure/
Date of Expiry
Remaining 
Lease
(years)
Age of 
Property
(years)
Net Book
Value*
(MYR)
Year of 
Acquisition
Date of 
Revaluation
MENARA CIMB
1 Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur
Malaysia
40 storey office building with 6 storey of basement 
car park. Building majority occupied by CIMB Group 
of companies with partial lower zone leased out to 
3rd party.
Freehold n/a 9 680,000,000 2015 Dec-23
CIMBTHAI
Langsuan Building
44 Langsuan Road, Lumpini
Patumwan, Bangkok 10330
25 storey office building with 1 basement level. 
Premises occupied by CIMB Thai Bank (Head Office 
Branch), CIMB Thai Bank’s division offices and 
subsidiary company offices.
Freehold n/a 24 292,021,526 1999 Sep-21
Menara Sentraya
Lt. 28, 29, 30, 31, 32
Jl. Iskandarsyah
No. 2, Melawai Blok M
Jakarta Selatan
41 storey office building, CIMB Niaga owned 5 
storey.
Freehold n/a 7 121,159,372 2015 Jan-22
WISMA CIMB
No. 11, Jalan 4/83A
Off Jalan Pantai Baru
59200 Kuala Lumpur
7 storey office building together with 3 levels of 
basement car park. Building majority occupied by 
CIMB Bank with Ground floor leased out to 3rd 
party.
Freehold n/a 16 114,077,262 2018 Aug-17
Wisma CIMB Niaga
Jl. Gatot Subroto
No. 2, Bandung
11 storey office building used as CIMB Niaga Head 
Office and some floors are rented to 3rd party.
Leasehold expiring 
on
	6 
December	
2043
20 33 82,606,817 2001 Jan-22
Jl. Gajah Mada 18
Jakarta Pusat
3 storey office building used as CIMB Niaga Head
 
Office and Branch.
Leasehold expiring 
on
	17 
January
	2036
13 68 67,789,484 2006 Jan-22
CIMB Niaga Lippo Cikarang
Jl. MH Thamrin Lippo
 
Cikarang
8 storey office building used as CIMB Niaga Head 
Office and some floors are rented to 3rd party.
Leasehold expiring 
on
	5 
May
	2043
20 31 57,930,044 2012 Jan-22
CIMB Niaga Kebon Sirih
Jl. Kebon Sirih 33
Jakarta Pusat
CIMB Niaga Branch premises. Leasehold expiring
 
on
	22 
August
	2031
8 39 37,089,698 2003 Jan-22
Puri Indah Financial Tower
Lt. 21, 23, 25 & 26
Jl. Puri Linglar Dalam
Blok T8, Kembangan
Jakarta Barat
29 storey office building, CIMB Niaga owned 4
 
Floors (21st, 23rd, 25th & 26th), used as CIMB 
Niaga Head office.
Freehold n/a 9 35,406,465 2020 Jan-22
51, Jend Sudirman 50
Yogyakarta
CIMB Niaga Branch premises. Hak Guna 
Bangunan expiring 
on
	14 
February
	2040
17 34 34,094,800 1997 Jan-22
Integrated Annual Report 2023
223
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Top 10 Properties of CIMB Group

---- Page 226 ----
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
Chairperson/Independent Director
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
Group Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director
Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din
Independent Director
Afzal Abdul Rahim
(Re-designated as Senior Independent Director on 
8  October 2023)
Senior Independent Director
Didi Syafruddin Yahya
Independent Director
Shulamite N K Khoo
Independent Director
Ho Yuet Mee
Independent Director
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan
Non-Independent Director
Datin Azlina Mahmad
(Appointed as an Independent Director on 1 May 2023)
Independent Director
Robert Neil Coombe
(Retired as an Independent Director on 14 April 2023)
Independent Director
Teoh Su Yin
(Retired as a Senior Independent Director on 7 October 
2023)
Senior Independent Director
GROUP COMPANY SECRETARY
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir
LS 0007591/PC No. 202008000361
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din
Chairperson/Independent Director
Ho Yuet Mee
Member/Independent Director
Datin Azlina Mahmad
(Appointed as a Member on 1 May 2023)
Member/Independent Director
Didi Syafruddin Yahya
(Resigned as a Member on 8 October 2023)
Member/Independent Director
BOARD RISK AND COMPLIANCE 
COMMITTEE
Didi Syafruddin Yahya
Chairperson/Independent Director
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
Member/Independent Director
Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din
Member/Independent Director
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan
Member/Non-Independent Director
GROUP NOMINATION AND 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Didi Syafruddin Yahya
(Re-designated as the Chairperson on 8 October 2023)
Chairperson/Independent Director
Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din
Member/Independent Director
Shulamite N K Khoo
Member/Independent Director
Afzal Abdul Rahim
Member/Independent Director
Datin Azlina Mahmad
(Appointed as a Member on 6 October 2023)
Member/Independent Director
Teoh Su Yin
(Retired as a Member on 7 October 2023)
Chairperson/Senior Independent Director
GROUP SUSTAINABILITY AND 
GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
Ho Yuet Mee
(Re-designated as Chairperson on 8 October 2023)
Chairperson/Independent Director
Datuk Mohd Nasir Ahmad
Member/Independent Director
Didi Syafruddin Yahya
Member/Independent Director
Dr. Nurmazilah Dato’ Mahzan
(Appointed as a Member on 9 November 2023)
Member/Independent Director
Tan Ting Min
(Appointed as a Member on 9 November 2023)
Member/Independent Director
Robert Neil Coombe
(Retired as a Member on 14 April 2023)
Member/Independent Director
Teoh Su Yin
(Retired as a Member on 7 October 2023)
Chairperson/Senior Independent Director
Shulamite N K Khoo
(Retired as a Member on 8 February 2024)
Member/Independent Director
224
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Corporate Information
as at 29 February 2024

---- Page 227 ----
BOARD SHARIAH COMMITTEE
Associate Professor Dr. Mohamed Fairooz Abdul Khir
Chairperson/Independent Member
Associate Professor Dr. Aishath Muneeza
Independent Member
Sheikh Dr. Ahmad Sufian Che Abdullah
Independent Member
Dr. Mohammad Mahbubi Ali
(Appointed as a Member on 1 April 2023)
Independent Member
Jalalullail Othman
(Appointed as a Member on 6 May 2023)
Independent Member
Sheikh Professor Dr. Yousef Abdullah Al Shubaily
(Resigned as a Member on 31 March 2023)
Independent Member
Ahmed Baqar Rehman
(Resigned as a Member on 5 May 2023)
Independent Member
REGISTRAR
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd
(199601006647 (378993-D))
11th Floor Menara Symphony
No. 5 Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim
Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya
Selangor, Malaysia
Helpdesk: 603-7890 4700
Fax: 603-7890 4670
E-mail address: bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com
AUDITORS
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT
(LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146)
Chartered Accountants
Level 10, Menara TH 1 Sentral, Jalan Rakyat
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
PO Box 10192
50706 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel: 603-2173 1188
Fax: 603-2173 1298
REGISTERED OFFICE
Level 13, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel: 603-2261 8888
Fax: 603-2261 0099
Website: www.cimb.com
Investor Relations: ir@cimb.com
Senior Independent Director: cimbSID@cimb.com
Social media:
 www.facebook.com/CIMBMalaysia/
 www.instagram.com/cimbmalaysia/
 www.linkedin.com/company/cimbmalaysia/
 www.tiktok.com/@cimbmalaysia
 www.twitter.com/CIMBMalaysia
 www.twitter.com/CIMB_Assists
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
Listed on Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad since 3 November 1987
Stock Code: 1023
GROUP EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad
Group Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director, CIMB;
Country Head, Malaysia; and
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director, CIMB Bank Berhad
Lani Darmawan
Country Head, Indonesia; and President Director &  
Chief Executive Officer, PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk
Paul Wong Chee Kin
Country Head, Thailand; and
President & Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Thai Bank PCL
Victor Lee Meng Teck
Country Head, Singapore; and
Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Bank, Singapore
Lawrence Loh
Ahmad Shazli Kamarulzaman
Co-Chief Executive Officers, Group Commercial & Transaction 
Banking
Chu Kok Wei
Co-Chief Executive Officer, Group Wholesale Banking
Novan Amirudin
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director, CIMB Investment 
Bank; and
Co-Chief Executive Officer, Group Wholesale Banking
Effendy Shahul Hamid
Chief Executive Officer, Group Consumer & Digital Banking
Ahmad Shahriman Mohd Shariff
Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director, CIMB Islamic Bank;
Chief Executive Officer, Group Islamic Banking; and
Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Foundation
Khairul Rifaie
Group Chief Financial Officer
Gurdip Singh Sidhu
Group Chief Operating & People Officer
Haniz Nazlan
Group Chief Strategy Officer
Vera Handajani
Group Chief Risk Officer
Kwan Keen Yew
Group Chief Legal & Compliance Officer; and
Group Chief Integrity & Governance Officer
Integrated Annual Report 2023
225
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 228 ----
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad
Level 13, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2261 8888
Fax
 :
 603 2261 0099
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Bank Berhad
Level 17, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2261 8888
Fax
 :
 603 2261 0099
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Investment Bank Berhad
Level 17, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2261 8888
Fax
 :
 603 2261 0099
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
Level 17, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2261 8888
Fax
 :
 603 2261 0099
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk
Graha CIMB Niaga
Ji. Jend Sudirman Kav. 58
Jakarta 12190, Indonesia
Tel
 :
  62 21 250 5252/62 21 250 5353
Fax
 :
 62 21 250 5205
Website
 
:
 www.cimbniaga.co.id
CIMB Thai Bank Public Company
 
Limited
44, Langsuan Road
Lumpini, Pathumwan
Bangkok 10330, Thailand
Tel
 :
 662 638 8000/662 626 7000
Fax
 :
 662 657 3333
Website
 
:
 www.cimbthai.com
CIMB Bank PLC
No. 60, Preah Monivong Blvd.
Phum 10, Sangkat Voat Phnum
Khan Doun Penh
Phnom Penh 120211
Cambodia
Tel
 :
 855 23 988 388
Fax
 :
 855 23 988 099
Website
 
:
 www.cimbbank.com.kh
CIMB Bank (Vietnam) Limited
Level 2, Cornerstone Building
16 Phan Chu Trinh
Hoan Kiem District
Hanoi, Vietnam
Tel
 :
 84 24 3266 3388
Fax
 :
 84 24 3266 3389
Website
 
:
 www.cimbbank.com.vn
CIMB Bank Berhad
SINGAPORE BRANCH
30 Raffles Place #04-01
Singapore 048622
Tel
 :
 65 6333 7777
Fax
 :
 65 6337 5335
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com.sg
CIMB Bank Berhad
LONDON BRANCH
27 Knightsbridge
SW1X 7LY
United Kingdom
Tel
 :
 44 0 20 7201 3150
Fax
 :
 Nil
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Bank Berhad
SHANGHAI BRANCH
Unit 1805-1807, Azia Center
1233, Lujiazui Ring Road
Pudong New District
Shanghai 200120, China
Tel
 :
 86 21 2026 1888
Fax
 :
 86 21 2026 1988
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Bank Berhad
HONG KONG BRANCH
Rooms 2501 & 2507-2510
25th Floor, Gloucester Tower
The Landmark, 15 Queen's Road
Central, Hong Kong
Tel
 :
 852 2586 7288
Fax
 :
 852 2556 3863
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Bank Berhad
PHILIPPINES BRANCH
22nd Floor
Bonifacio Stop Over Corporate Center
2nd Avenue Corner 31st Street
Bonifacio Global City, Taguig
1634 Philippines
Tel
 :
 63 2 8858 0102
Fax
 :
 Nil
Website
 
:
 www.cimbbank.com.ph
CIMB Bank (L) Limited
Level 14(A), Main Office Tower
Financial Park Labuan
Jalan Merdeka
87000 W P Labuan, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 6087 597 500
Fax
 :
 6087 597 501/6087 597 502
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Bank Berhad
LABUAN OFFSHORE BRANCH
Level 14(A), Main Office Tower
Financial Park Labuan
Jalan Merdeka
87000 W P Labuan, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 6087 597 500
Fax
 :
 6087 597 501/6087 597 502
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
226
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Group Corporate Directory 2023

---- Page 229 ----
Touch ‘n Go Sdn. Bhd.
Level 6, Tower 6
Avenue 5, The Horizon
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, Bangsar South
59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2714 8888
Fax
 :
 603 2714 8889
Website
 
:
 www.touchngo.com.my
TnG Digital Sdn. Bhd.
Level 3A, Tower 6
Avenue 5, The Horizon
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, Bangsar South
59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 5022 8888
Fax
 :
 Nil
Website
 
:
 www.touchngo.com.my
CIMB Trust Limited
Level 14(A), Main Office Tower
Financial Park Labuan
Jalan Merdeka
87000 W P Labuan, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 6087 414 252
Fax
 :
 6087 411 855
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Islamic Trustee Berhad
Level 21, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2261 8888
Fax
 :
 603 2261 9894
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Commerce Trustees Berhad
Level 21, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2261 8888
Fax
 :
 603 2261 9894
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
iCIMB (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
CIMB HUB, Level 9
No. 26, Jalan Sultan Ismail
50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2180 7600
Fax
 :
 Nil
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
iCIMB (MSC) Sdn. Bhd.
CIMB HUB, Level 9
No. 26, Jalan Sultan Ismail
50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2180 7600
Fax
 :
 Nil
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Foundation
Level 17, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2261 8888
Fax
 :
 603 2261 8874
Website
 
:
 www.cimbfoundation.com
Principal Asset Management Berhad
Level 32, Exchange 106
Lingkaran TRX
55188 Tun Razak Exchange
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 8680 8000
Fax
 :
 603 2717 0381
Website
 
:
 www.principal.com.my
Principal Islamic Asset Management
 
Sdn. Bhd.
Level 32, Exchange 106
Lingkaran TRX
55188 Tun Razak Exchange
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 8680 8000
Fax
 :
 603 2717 0381
Website
 
:
 www.principalislamic.com
CIMB Bank Berhad
YANGON REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE
1008 Level 10, Sakura Tower
Kyauktada Township, Yangon
Myanmar
Tel
 :
 951 8 255 430
Fax
 :
 951 8 255 430
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
CIMB Securities Sdn. Bhd.
  
(f.k.a. KAF Equities Sdn. Bhd.)
Level 13, Menara CIMB
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel
 :
 603 2261 8888
Fax
 :
 603 2261 0099
Website
 
:
 www.cimb.com
Integrated Annual Report 2023
227
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 230 ----
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 67th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad (“CIMB” or “the Company”) will 
be held virtually and broadcasted live from Level 31, Menara CIMB, Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur Sentral, 50470 Kuala Lumpur, 
Malaysia (“Broadcast Venue”) and by remote participation via Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd’s website on Monday, 29 April 2024 
at 10.00 a.m. to transact the following businesses, with or without modifications:
AS ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and the Reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon.
Please refer to Explanatory Note 9
2. To re-elect the following Directors who retire pursuant to Article 81 of the Company’s Constitution:
2.1
 Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan
2.2
 Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din
2.3
 En Afzal Abdul Rahim
Please refer to Explanatory Note 10
Ordinary Resolution 1
Ordinary Resolution 2
Ordinary Resolution 3
3. To re-elect Datin Azlina Mahmad who retires pursuant to Article 88 of the Company’s Constitution.
Please refer to Explanatory Note 10
Ordinary Resolution 4
4. To approve the payment of Non-Executive Directors’ fees with effect from the 67th AGM until the next AGM of the Company, as follows:
Retainer Fee
– per annum
(RM)
Chairperson’s Premium
– per annum
(RM)
Board
– Chairperson
– Member
170,000
170,000
510,000
N/A
Board Committee
– Chairperson
– Member
N/A
N/A
100,000
N/A
Please refer to Explanatory Note 11
Ordinary Resolution 5
5. To approve the payment of allowances and benefits payable to Non-Executive Directors of the Company up to an amount of RM3,895,000 from the 
67th AGM until the next AGM of the Company.
Please refer to Explanatory Note 11
Ordinary Resolution 6
6. To re-appoint Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers as Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending 31 December 2024 and to authorise the Board 
of Directors to fix their remuneration.
Please refer to Explanatory Note 12
Ordinary Resolution 7
228
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Notice of Annual General Meeting

---- Page 231 ----
AS SPECIAL BUSINESS
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following Ordinary Resolutions:
7. Proposed Renewal of the Authority for Directors to Allot and Issue Shares.
“THAT pursuant to Section 76 of the Companies Act, 2016, the Directors be and are hereby given full authority to allot and issue shares in the 
Company, at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion, deem fit, provided 
that the aggregate number of shares issued pursuant to this resolution in any one financial year does not exceed 10% of the issued capital of the 
Company for the time being AND THAT the Directors be and are hereby given full authority to obtain approval for the listing of and quotation for the 
additional shares so issued on the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad AND THAT such authority shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next 
Annual General Meeting of the Company or at the expiry of the period within which the next Annual General Meeting is required to be held in 
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2016, whichever is the earlier.”
Please refer to Explanatory Note 13
Ordinary Resolution 8
8. Proposed Renewal of the Authority for Directors to Allot and Issue New Ordinary Shares in the Company (CIMB Shares) in Relation to 
the Dividend Reinvestment Scheme that provides the Shareholders of the Company with the Option to Elect to Reinvest Their Cash 
Dividend Entitlements in New Ordinary Shares in the Company (DRS).
“THAT pursuant to the DRS approved at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 25 February 2013 and renewed at the Annual General Meeting 
held on 13 April 2023, approval be and is hereby given to the Company to allot and issue such number of new CIMB Shares for the DRS until the 
conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting, upon such terms and conditions and to such persons as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion, 
deem fit and in the interest of the Company PROVIDED THAT the issue price of the said new CIMB Shares shall be fixed by the Directors at not more 
than ten percent (10%) discount to the adjusted 5-day volume weighted average market price (VWAMP) of CIMB Shares immediately prior to the 
price-fixing date, of which the VWAMP shall be adjusted ex-dividend before applying the aforementioned discount in fixing the issue of CIMB Shares at 
the material time;
AND THAT the Directors and the Secretary of the Company be and are hereby authorised to do all such acts and enter into all such transactions, 
arrangements and documents as may be necessary or expedient in order to give full effect to the DRS with full power to assent to any conditions, 
modifications, variations and/or amendments (if any) as may be imposed or agreed to by any relevant authorities or consequent upon the 
implementation of the said conditions, modifications, variations and/or amendments, as they, in their absolute discretion, deem fit and in the best 
interest of the Company.”
Please refer to Explanatory Note 14
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 9
Integrated Annual Report 2023
229
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 232 ----
9. Proposed Renewal of the Authority to Purchase Own Shares.
“THAT subject to the Companies Act, 2016 (as may be amended, modified or re-enacted from time to time), the Company’s Constitution and the 
requirements of the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa Securities) and approvals of all the relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities, the 
Company be and is hereby authorised to purchase such number of ordinary shares in the Company (Proposed Shares Buy-Back) as may be determined 
by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time through Bursa Securities upon such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may 
deem fit and expedient in the interest of the Company provided that the aggregate number of ordinary shares purchased and/or held pursuant to this 
resolution does not exceed 10% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company at any point in time and an amount not exceeding the 
total retained earnings of approximately RM1.022 billion based on the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 be 
allocated by the Company for the Proposed Shares Buy-Back AND THAT the ordinary shares of the Company to be purchased are proposed to be 
cancelled and/or retained as treasury shares and/or retained as treasury shares and cancel the remainder of the shares AND THAT where such shares 
are held as treasury shares, the Directors of the Company may distribute the shares as dividends, re-sold on Bursa Securities, transfer the shares under 
the employees’ share scheme or as purchase consideration or otherwise use the shares for such other purposes as the Minister may by order 
prescribe AND THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and are hereby given full authority generally to do all acts and things to give effect to 
the Proposed Shares Buy-Back with the full power to assent to any conditions, modifications, revaluations and/or amendments (if any) as may be 
imposed by the relevant authority with full power to do all such acts and things thereafter on any part of the shares bought back in accordance with 
the Companies Act, 2016, Company’s Constitution, Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities and any other rules and regulations that may 
be in force from time to time AND THAT such authority shall commence immediately upon passing of this ordinary resolution until:
i.
 the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company in 2025 at which time such authority shall lapse unless by ord
inary resolution 
passed at that meeting, the authority is renewed, either unconditionally or subject to conditions;
ii.
 the expiration of the period within which the next Annual General Meeting after that date is required by law to be held; or
iii.
 revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the Shareholders of the Company in a general meeting;
whichever is the earlier but not so as to prejudice the completion of purchase(s) by the Company before the aforesaid expiry da
te and, in any event, in 
accordance with the provisions of the guidelines issued by the Bursa Securities and/or any other relevant authorities.”
Please refer to Explanatory Note 15
Ordinary Resolution 10
10. To transact any other business of which due notice shall have been duly given in accordance with the Companies Act, 2016.
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir
Group Company Secretary
SSM PC No. 202008000361
LS 0007591
Kuala Lumpur
28 March 2024
230
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Notice of Annual General Meeting

---- Page 233 ----
EXPLANATORY NOTES
MODE OF MEETING
1. As virtual AGM’s have become the norm post COVID-19, and to increase shareholders attendance and engagement
 
with no geographical or time restrictions/constraints, the 67th AGM of the Company will continue to be conducted 
entirely on virtual basis at the Broadcast Venue and through live streaming and online remote voting via Remote 
Participation and Electronic Voting facilities available on Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd’s website at 
Boardroom Smart Investor Online Portal at https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my. Please follow the procedures 
provided in the Administrative Details for the 67th AGM in order to register, participate and vote remotely.
2.
 The venue of the 67th 
AGM is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 
2016 which requires the Chairman of the meeting to be present at the main venue of the meeting. The venue of 
the 67th AGM is to inform shareholders where the electronic AGM production and streaming would be 
conducted from. No shareholder(s)/proxy(ies) from the public will be physically present at the meeting venue.
PROXY
3.
 Section 
334 of the Companies Act, 2016 provides that a member of a company shall be entitled to appoint 
another person or persons as his/her proxy or proxies to exercise all or any of his/her rights to attend, 
participate, speak and vote at a meeting of members of the company. A proxy may, but need not, be a Member 
of the Company. A Member may appoint any person to be his/her proxy without any restriction as to the 
qualification of such person.
4.
 Where a member appoints 
more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless he/she specifies the 
proportion of his/her shareholding to be represented by each proxy. A member shall be entitled to appoint only 
one (1) proxy unless he/she has more than 1,000 shares in which case he/she may appoint up to five (5) proxies 
provided each proxy appointed shall represent at least 1,000 shares.
5.
 The instrument 
appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointer or his/her attorney duly 
authorised in writing or if such appointer is a corporation, under its Seal or the hand of its attorney.
6.
 This 
instrument duly completed must be deposited at the Registrar’s office at Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn. 
Bhd., 11th Floor Menara Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, 
Malaysia, not less than twenty-four (24) hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting which is no 
later than 10.00 a.m. on Sunday, 28 April 2024.
7.
 Pursuant 
to Paragraph 8.29A of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad Main Market Listing Requirements, all 
resolutions set out in the Notice of 67th AGM will be put to vote on a poll.
MEMBERS ENTITLED TO ATTEND
8.
 For the purpose of determining a member who shall be entitled to 
attend the 67th AGM, the Company shall 
request Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd in accordance with Article 59(c) of the Company’s Constitution and 
Section 34(1) of the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act, 1991 to issue a Record of Depositors as at 22 
April 2024. Only a depositor whose name appears on the Record of Depositors as of 22 April 2024 shall be 
entitled to attend the said meeting or appoint proxies to attend, participate, speak and/or vote on his/her behalf.
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
9.
 This 
Agenda item is meant for discussion only pursuant to the provision of Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies 
Act, 2016 and will not be put forward for voting.
RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
10.
 Article 81 
of the Company’s Constitution provides that one-third (1/3) of the Directors of the Company for the 
time being shall retire by rotation at the AGM of the Company and be eligible for re-election. Three (3) out of 
Eight (8) Directors are to retire in accordance with Article 81 of the Company’s Constitution. The Shareholders’ 
approval is sought under Ordinary Resolutions 1, 2 and 3.
 Article 88 
of the Company’s Constitution provides that the Board shall have the power to appoint any person to 
be a Director, either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board of Directors. Any Director so 
appointed shall hold office until the next AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election. The Shareholders’ 
approval is sought under Ordinary Resolution 4.
 The suitability 
of a Director as a Board member is in accordance with the Bank Negara Malaysia (“BNM”) 
Corporate Governance Policy Document and the Group’s Fit and Proper Policies and Procedures for Key 
Responsible Persons. The Group Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“GNRC”) considered the following 
criteria in determining the eligibility of the Directors to stand for re-election at the 67th AGM:
(i)
 The Director’s skill 
sets and competency in specialised areas of practise and level of contribution to the 
Board through their knowledge, skills and expertise;
(ii)
 The level of independence 
demonstrated by the Directors, and his ability to act in the best interest of the 
Company;
(iii)
 Probity, personal integrity 
and reputation, where the Directors must have personal qualities such as honesty, 
integrity, diligence, independence of mind and fairness; and
(iv)
 Financial integrity, where the Directors 
must manage his debts or financial affairs prudently.
 The GNRC 
has also conducted an assessment on the independence of the Independent Directors seeking 
re-election at this AGM based on the criteria set by the Company and guided by the definition of “Independent 
Director” as prescribed by the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities and BNM Corporate 
Governance Policy Document. The Board has assessed their time and commitment to effectively discharge their 
respective roles as Directors of the Company. The retiring Directors had abstained from deliberation and decision 
on their own eligibility to stand for re-election at the relevant GNRC and Board meetings, where applicable. The 
Board is satisfied that the Directors seeking re-election have maintained their independence in the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023.
 Section 
54(2)(a) of the Financial Services Act 2013 (“FSA”) provides that the appointment, re-appointment, election 
or re-election as Chairperson, Director or Chief Executive Officer of the Company is subject to approval by BNM. 
In this respect, BNM’s approval for the tenures of the Directors seeking re-election is still effective under Ordinary 
Resolutions 1, 2, 3 and 4.
 The profiles of Directors 
seeking re-election and re-appointment are set out in the Profile of Directors’ section of 
the Company’s Annual Report 2023.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
231
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 234 ----
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS FEES AND BENEFITS PAYABLE
11.
 Section 
230(1) of the Companies Act, 2016, provides amongst others, that “fees” of the directors and “any 
benefits” payable to the directors of a listed company and its subsidiaries shall be approved at a general 
meeting. Pursuant thereto, Shareholders’ approval is sought for the payment of fees and benefits payable to the 
Non-Executive Directors, in two (2) separate Resolutions:
(i)
 Ordinary Resolution 5:
 To approve the payment of the Non-Executive Directors’ fees with effect from the 
67th AGM until the next AGM of the Company.
 The Board of Directors 
is recommending the Directors’ fees for the Company and its subsidiaries as 
approved at the previous AGM of the Company, for Shareholders’ approval. There is no revision to the 
amount proposed.
 For the Company
Retainer Fee
– per annum
(RM)
Chairperson’s 
Premium
– per annum
(RM)
Board
– Chairperson
– Member
170,000
170,000
510,000
N/A
Board Committee
– Chairperson
– Member
N/A
N/A
100,000
N/A
 For Subsidiaries of the Company
Name Position Held Fee Type Amount
Datuk Mohd 
Nasir Ahmad
CIMB Bank Berhad
•
 
Chairperson
Fixed Fee:
Chairperson’s premium – per annum
Board Retainer Fee – per annum
RM150,000
RM150,000
CIMB Bank (Cambodia) PLC
•
 
Chairperson
Fixed Fee:
Board Retainer Fee – per annum
Monthly Allowance
USD7,000
USD1,200
•
 Audit Committee 
Member
Board Retainer Fee – per annum USD4,500
Dato’ 
Lee Kok 
Kwan
CIMB Bank Berhad
•
 
Director
Fixed Fee:
Board Retainer Fee – per annum RM150,000
CIMB Investment Bank Berhad
•
 
Director
Fixed Fee:
Board Retainer Fee – per annum RM140,000
Dato’ Mohamed 
Ross Mohd Din
CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
•
 
Chairperson
Fixed Fee:
Chairperson’s premium – per annum
Board Retainer Fee – per annum
RM140,000
RM140,000
Name Position Held Fee Type Amount
En Didi 
Syafruddin 
Yahya
PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk
• B
oard of Commissioner
Fixed Fee:
Retainer Fee – per annum IDR2,196,250,000
(ii)
 Ordinary Resolution 6:
 To approve the payment of allowances and benefits payable to NEDs of the 
Company up to an amount of RM3,895,000 from the 67th AGM until the next AGM of the Company.
 The amount payable to 
NEDs comprises allowances, benefits-in-kind and other emoluments payable to them 
by the Company and its subsidiaries, details of which are as follows:
 For the Company
Meeting Allowance
– per meeting
(RM) Benefits-in-kind
Board
– Chairperson
– Member
5,000
5,000
Corporate Club membership fee, company car including petrol 
and a driver, leave passage, medical coverage, mobile phone 
and bills, complimentary use of CIMB Apartments and other 
claimable benefits and reimbursable expenses.
Medical coverage, complimentary use of CIMB
Apartments and benefits that are claimable including 
reimbursable expenses incurred in the course of carrying out 
their duties as Directors.
Board Committee
– 
 Chairperson & 
Member
5,000 Not 
Applicable
 In determining the estimated amount of benefits payable for the NEDs, various factors, including the 
number of scheduled meetings 
for the Board, Board Committees and Boards of subsidiaries as well as the 
number of NEDs involved in these meetings were considered. The Board is hereby recommending up to an 
amount of RM3,895,000 as payment of allowances and benefits payable from the 67th AGM until the next 
AGM of the Company.
 For the Subsidiaries
Name Position Held Fee Type Amount
Datuk Mohd 
Nasir Ahmad
CIMB Bank Berhad
•
 
Chairperson
Variable Fee:
Meeting allowance – per meeting RM5,000
CIMB Bank (Cambodia) PLC
•
 
Chairperson
Variable Fee:
Meeting allowance – per meeting USD1,000
•
 Audit Committee 
Member USD600
232
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Notice of Annual General Meeting

---- Page 235 ----
Name Position Held Fee Type Amount
Dato’ Lee Kok 
Kwan
CIMB Bank Berhad
•
 
Director
•
 Board Risk 
and Compliance 
Committee Member
Variable Fee:
Meeting allowance – per meeting RM5,000
CIMB Investment Bank Berhad
•
 
Director
Variable Fee:
Meeting allowance – per meeting RM5,000
Dato’ Mohamed 
Ross Mohd Din
CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
•
 
Chairperson
Variable Fee:
Meeting allowance – per meeting RM5,000
En Didi 
Syafruddin 
Yahya
PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk
•
 Board of Commissioner
•
 Risk 
Oversight Committee
•
 Nomination 
and 
Remuneration Committee
Variable Fee:
Meeting allowance – per meeting IDR37,500,000
 Subject to 
the shareholders’ approval for Ordinary Resolutions 5 and 6, the payment for the fees and 
benefits for the period commencing from the 67th AGM until next AGM will be made by the Company and 
its subsidiaries on a monthly basis and/or as and when incurred. The Board is of the view that the 
payments to the NEDs are just and equitable taking into account their roles and responsibilities towards the 
Group and the contribution and services they render to the Company and its subsidiaries.
 In addition, the Directors and Officers of the Group and the Company are covered by Directors and Officers 
liability 
insurance for any liability incurred in the discharge of their duties, provided that they have not 
acted fraudulently or dishonestly or derived any personal profit or advantage. The insurance premium paid 
during the financial year for the Group and the Company amounted to RM1,550,556 (2022: RM1,550,556) 
and RM Nil (2022: RM Nil).
 Please refer to 
the Notes to the Financial Statements for the amount of Directors’ Remuneration at the 
Group and the Company, for the Financial Year Ended 2023 comprising fees and benefits of RM16.62 
million and RM3.78 million, respectively. The remuneration of each Director is set out in the Notes of the 
Financial Statement 2023.
APPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS
12.
 The Audit Committee 
(“AC”), at its meeting held on 27 November 2023 completed its annual assessment on the 
external auditors in accordance with CIMB’s Guidelines for the Appointment/Re-appointment of External Auditors. 
In its assessment, the AC considered several factors before recommending the re-appointment of the external 
auditors, as follows:
(i)
 Level 
of knowledge, capabilities, experience and quality of previous work;
(ii)
 Level 
of engagement with the AC;
(iii)
 Ability 
to provide constructive observations, implications and recommendations in areas requiring 
improvements;
(iv)
 Adequacy in aud
it coverage, effectiveness in planning and conduct of audit;
(v)
 Ability 
to perform audit work within agreed timeframe;
(vi) Non-audit services rendered by the external auditor did not impede independence; and
(vii)
 The external aud
itor demonstrated unbiased stance when interpreting standards/policies adopted by the 
Company.
 Being satisfied with 
Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers’ (“PwC”) performance in 2023, their technical competency 
and audit independence as well as fulfillment of criteria as set out in CIMB’s Guidelines for the Appointment/
Re-appointment of External Auditors, the AC recommended the appointment of PwC as external auditors for the 
Financial Year ending 31 December 2024. The Board, at its meeting held on 31 January 2024, approved the AC’s 
recommendation for the re-appointment of PwC as external auditors of the Company for the Financial Year 
ending 31 December 2024. The Shareholders’ Resolution is sought under Ordinary Resolution 7.
AUTHORITY FOR DIRECTORS TO ALLOT AND ISSUE SHARES
13.
 Ordinary Resolution 8
 is proposed for the purpose of renewing the general mandate for issuance of Shares by 
the Company under Section 76 of the Companies Act, 2016. If passed, it will give the Directors of the Company 
authority to issue ordinary shares in the Company at any time in their absolute discretion without the need to 
convene a general meeting. The authorisation, unless revoked or varied by the Company at a general meeting, 
will expire at the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company.
 The general mandate, if granted, will provide flexibility to 
the Company for any possible fund raising activities, 
including but not limited to further placing of shares, for the purpose of improving and/or restoring its capital 
position under stressed conditions and also for the purpose of funding future investment project(s), working 
capital and/or acquisition(s).
 The Company has 
not issued new shares pursuant to Section 76 of the Companies Act, 2016 under the general 
mandate sought at the 66th AGM held on 13 April 2023, which will lapse upon the conclusion of the 
forthcoming 67th AGM to be held on 29 April 2024.
AUTHORITY FOR DIRECTORS TO ALLOT AND ISSUE NEW ORDINARY SHARES IN RESPECT OF THE DRS
14.
 The proposed 
Ordinary Resolution 9 will give authority to the Directors to allot and issue new ordinary shares 
in the Company in respect of the DRS, until the conclusion of the next AGM. A renewal of this authority will be 
sought at the subsequent AGM.
 The general mandate, if granted will provide a capital management tool 
for the Company to preserve the 
Group’s capital and at the same time, to provide Shareholders with the opportunity to reinvest their dividends in 
new shares in lieu of receiving cash.
AUTHORITY TO PURCHASE OWN SHARES
15.
 Ordinary Resolution 10
, if passed, will authorise the Directors to purchase CIMB shares through Bursa 
Securities up to 10% of the issued and paid-up share capital of the Company. Details of the Proposed Shares 
Buy-Back are contained in the Statement Accompanying Notice of AGM.
ABSTENTION FROM VOTING
16.
 Any Director refe
rred to in Ordinary Resolutions 1, 2, 3 and 4 who is a Shareholder of the Company will 
abstain from voting on the resolutions in respect of his/her re-election at the 67th AGM.
17.
 All 
Directors who are Shareholders of the Company will abstain from voting on Ordinary Resolutions 5 and 6 
concerning Directors’ remuneration at the 67th AGM.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
233
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 236 ----
The profile of the Directors who are standing for re-election (as per Ordinary Resolutions 1 
to 4 as stated in the Notice of Annual General Meeting) at the 67th Annual General Meeting 
of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad, which will be held virtually and broadcasted live from Level 
31, Menara CIMB, Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur Sentral, 50470 Kuala Lumpur, 
Malaysia and by remote participation via Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd’s website on 
Monday, 29 April 2024 at 10.00 a.m. to transact the following businesses, with or without 
modifications are as follows:
1. DATO’ LEE KOK KWAN
 (Non-Independent Director)
 Nationality
 | Malaysian
 Age
 | 58
 Gender
 | Male
 Date of Appointment
 | 20 July 2015
 Length of Tenure
 | 9 years
 MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
• Member, Group Board Risk and Compliance Committee
 QUALIFICATION
• Master in Business Administration, Simon Fraser University, Canada
•
 Bachelor of Business Administration (First Class Joint Honours in Economics), Simon
 
Fraser University, Canada
 AREAS OF EXPERTISE
• Markets and Treasury, Corporate and Transaction Banking, Business Management &  
Corporate Leadership, Investments and Risk Management
 DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
 Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 Director, IGB Berhad
 Public Companies
•
 Director, CIMB Bank Berhad
•
 Director, CIMB Investment Bank Berhad
•
 Director, Cagamas Holdings Berhad
•
 Director, RAM Rating Services Berhad
 RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan served as the Deputy Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of CIMB prior to 
assuming his Board appointments. In this role, he oversaw a broad spectrum of functions 
including Treasury and Markets, encompassing Sales and Trading activities in interest 
rates, credit, foreign exchange, bonds, equity, commodities and derivatives for the Group. 
He played a pivotal role in developing these areas since joining CIMB in 1996, significantly 
expanding the businesses to become one of the largest global markets operations in 
ASEAN, along with corporate and transaction banking. 
Before joining CIMB in 1996, Dato’ Lee accumulated over seven years of market and 
treasury experience within the Canadian banking sector. He held the position of Treasury 
Portfolio Manager, where he managed interest rates and optionality risk and return for a 
prominent Canadian bank. Additionally, he was a member of its Senior Asset-Liability 
Management Committee. 
Dato’ Lee also serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Capital Markets 
Development Fund (CMDF) and assumed the role of Chairperson of the Bond and Sukuk 
Information Platform Sdn Bhd on 3 November 2017 and 22 November 2017 respectively. 
Furthermore, he holds directorships in several other private companies. 
The Board hereby recommends the re-election of Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan as Non-
Independent Director of the Company for the Shareholders’ approval.
A. PROPOSED RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO PARAGRAPH 8.27(2) OF THE MAIN MARKET LISTING  
REQUIREMENTS OF BURSA MALAYSIA SECURITIES BERHAD
234
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement Accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting
(Pursuant to Paragraph 12.06(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)

---- Page 237 ----
2. DATO’ MOHAMED ROSS MOHD DIN
 (Independent Director)
 Nationality
 | Malaysian
 Age
 | 72
 Gender
 | Male
 Date of Appointment
 | 19 April 2016
 Length of Tenure
 | 8 years
 MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
• Chairperson, Audit Committee
•
 Member, Group Board Risk and Compliance Committee and Group Nomination and
 
Remuneration Committee
 QUALIFICATION
• Banking Diploma (Part 1), Institute of Bankers, United Kingdom
 AREAS OF EXPERTISE
• Operations, Risk Management, Investment & Corporate Finance, Business  
Management & Corporate Leadership, Accounting, Finance & Audit
 DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
 Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 Nil
 Public Companies
•
 Chairperson/Director, CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
 RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Dato’ Mohamed Ross started his career with HSBC Bank Malaysia Berhad (HSBC) in 
early 1972 where he held various roles in Corporate and Retail Banking as well as 
Branch Management. His contributions extend to serving as the Head of Treasury 
Malaysia and Head of Group Audit Malaysia between 1987 and 1996, gaining 
experience in Foreign Exchange and Treasury operations during international 
assignments in Hong Kong, London and New York. In his capacity as the Managing 
Director in 2003, he oversaw HSBC Amanah’s Islamic onshore business in Malaysia until 
his retirement in December 2007.
Post-retirement, Dato’ Mohamed Ross assumed the role of Executive Director and 
Senior Advisor of HSBC Amanah Takaful Malaysia Sdn Bhd until December 2008. 
Simultaneously, he served as an Independent Director of HSBC Amanah Malaysia 
Berhad until April 2016, chairing the Risk Committee and contributing as a member of 
the Audit and Nominations Committee. 
Currently, Dato’ Mohamed Ross sits on an Advisory Board for a Private Equity Fund as 
an Independent Member. Additionally, he serves a Trustee on the Board of Lembaga 
Zakat Selangor and as an Independent Director on the Board of an Asset Management 
company. In early 2021, he was appointed as a member of the Investment Panel of 
Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) (KWAP).
The Board hereby recommends the re-election of Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din as 
Independent Director for the Shareholders’ approval.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
235
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 238 ----
3. EN AFZAL ABDUL RAHIM
 (Independent Director)
 Nationality
 | Malaysian
 Age
 | 46
 Gender
 | Male
 Date of Appointment
 | 31 January 2019
 Length of Tenure
 | 5 years
 MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
• Member, Group Nomination and Remuneration Committee
 QUALIFICATION
• Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering with Electronics, University of Sussex, Brighton,  
United Kingdom
 AREAS OF EXPERTISE
• Operations, Risk Management, Investment & Corporate Finance, Business  
Management & Corporate Leadership, Technology, Human Resources
 DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
 Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 Chief Executive Officer, Time dotCom Berhad
•
 Director, Symphony Communication Public Company Limited
 Public Companies
•
 Nil
 RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
En Afzal Abdul Rahim is a prominent technology entrepreneur currently serving as the 
Chief Executive Officer of TIME dotCom Berhad (TIME), a leading ASEAN 
telecommunications operator specialising in Fixed Line, Data Centers, and Global 
Submarine Cable Systems. His association with TIME commenced in 2008 following the 
establishment of The AIMS Asia Group and Global Transit International in 2006.
En Afzal is recognised for his contributions to the technology industry. He founded the 
non-profit Malaysian Internet Exchange in 2006 and held a position as a Board 
Member of Endeavor Malaysia, an organization dedicated to fostering high-impact 
entrepreneurs.
His professional journey began in the automotive sector, initially as a Chassis 
Development Engineer and later transitioning to client management within the 
engineering consultancy domain at Group Lotus PLC. Notably, En Afzal also holds a 
license as a Commercial Pilot.
The Board recommends the re-election of En Afzal Abdul Rahim as Independent 
Director of the Company for the Shareholders’ approval.
4. DATIN AZLINA MAHMAD
 (Independent Director)
 Nationality
 | Malaysian
 Age
 | 57
 Gender
 | Female
 Date of Appointment
 | 1 May 2023
 Length of Tenure
 | 1 year
 MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD COMMITTEES
• Member of the Group Audit Committee and Group Nomination and Remuneration  
Committee
236
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement Accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting
(Pursuant to Paragraph 12.06(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)

---- Page 239 ----
 QUALIFICATION
• Bachelor of Science in Economics, The Wharton School of Business, University of  
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, United States of America
•
 Bachelor of Arts, The College of Arts and Sciences, University of Pennsylvania,
 
Philadelphia, United States of America
 AREAS OF EXPERTISE
• Operations, Risk Management, Investment & Corporate Finance, Business  
Management & Corporate Leadership, Human Resource, Sustainability
 DIRECTORSHIP/RELEVANT APPOINTMENTS
 Listed Entities (Other than CIMB)
•
 Director, Bursa Malaysia Berhad
 Public Companies
•
 Nil
 RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Datin Azlina possesses over 30 years of extensive banking experience. Her professional 
journey commenced in 1989 at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank Berhad (J.P. Morgan), where 
she started as an analyst and progressed to become one of the senior bankers 
responsible for managing key corporate and institutional clients in Malaysia. She retired 
from J.P. Morgan as an Executive Director of the Global Corporate Bank on 2 March 
2021.
Following her retirement, Datin Azlina was appointed by the Minister of Finance as a 
Public Interest Director to the Board of Directors of Bursa Malaysia Berhad, effective 16 
March 2021. In this capacity, she also serves as a Member on Bursa Malaysia Berhad’s 
Risk Management Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Regulatory 
and Conflicts Committee.
Datin Azlina’s vast experience in corporate and investment banking, her pivotal role in 
establishing the corporate banking franchise of J.P. Morgan in Malaysia, her proficiency 
in banking operations and her extensive client coverage experience make her a 
valuable addition to the Board, complementing its existing skill set and dynamics.
The Board hereby recommends the re-election of Datin Azlina Mahmad as Independent 
Director of the Company for the Shareholders’ approval.
The directors listed above do not have any conflict of interest or any family 
relationship with any other Director and/or major shareholders of the Company.
The directors listed above have not been convicted of any offence within the past 
five (5) years nor have they been imposed of any public sanction or penalty by any 
relevant regulatory bodies in 2023.
B. PROPOSED RENEWAL OF THE AUTHORITY FOR  
DIRECTORS TO ISSUE SHARES PURSUANT TO 
PARAGRAPH 6.03(3) OF THE MAIN MARKET LISTING 
REQUIREMENTS OF BURSA MALAYSIA SECURITIES 
BERHAD
The details of the proposed renewal of the authority for Directors to issue shares by the 
Company under Section 76 of the Companies Act, 2016, are stated in the Explanatory Notes 
of the Notice of Annual General Meeting.
C. PROPOSED SHARES BUY-BACK PURSUANT TO  
PARAGRAPH 12.06(1) OF THE MAIN MARKET LISTING 
REQUIREMENTS OF BURSA MALAYSIA SECURITIES 
BERHAD
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1  1.1  RENEWAL OF AUTHORITY FOR CIMB TO PURCHASE  
ITS OWN SHARES (PROPOSED SHARES BUY-BACK)
 At the last Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 13 April 2023, the  
Company had obtained the Shareholders’ approval to purchase its own shares 
as may be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to 
time through Bursa Securities, upon such terms and conditions as the Board of 
Directors may deem fit and expedient in the interest of the Company, provided 
that the aggregate number of ordinary shares purchased and/or held does not 
exceed 10% of the total issued and paid-up share capital of the Company at 
any point in time and an amount not exceeding the total retained earnings of 
approximately RM1.022 billion based on the Audited Financial Statements of the 
Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
237
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 240 ----
 The authority obtained by the Board of Directors for purchasing the Company’s  
own shares in accordance with the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Securities governing shares buy-back by listed companies, will lapse at the 
conclusion of the forthcoming 67th Annual General Meeting to be held on 29 
April 2024, unless renewed by an ordinary resolution.
 On 11 March 2024, the Company announced its intention to seek shareholders’
 
approval at the forthcoming 67th Annual General Meeting, for the proposed 
renewal of the authority for the Company to purchase its own shares.
1.2  PURPOSE OF STATEMENT
 The purpose of this Statement is to provide relevant information on the  
Proposed Shares Buy-Back and to seek your approval for the ordinary resolution 
to renew the authority for the Company to purchase its own shares, to be 
tabled at the forthcoming 67th Annual General Meeting. The Notice of Annual 
General Meeting together with the Proxy Form is set out herewith.
2. DETAILS OF THE PROPOSED SHARES BUY-BACK
 The Board proposes to seek Shareholders’ approval for a renewal of the authority to  
purchase and/or hold its own shares in aggregate of up to 10% of the issued and 
paid-up share capital of the Company at any point of time through Bursa Securities. 
Based on the issued and paid-up share capital of the Company as at 29 February 2024 
of RM29,094,547,322.88 comprising 10,665,101,700 ordinary shares in the Company 
(CIMB Shares), a total of 1,066,510,170 CIMB Shares may be purchased by the 
Company pursuant to the Proposed Shares Buy-Back. The maximum number of shares 
that can be bought back under this authority will take into account the number of 
shares previously bought back and retained as treasury shares, if any.
 Such authority, if approved, will be effective immediately upon passing of the ordinary
 
resolution for the Proposed Shares Buy-Back until:
(i)
 the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of CIMB in 2024 at which time
 
such authority shall lapse unless by ordinary resolution passed at that meeting, 
the authority is renewed, either unconditionally or subject to conditions;
(ii)
 the expiration of the period within which the next Annual General Meeting after
 
that date is required by law to be held; or
(iii)
 revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders of the
 
Company in a general meeting;
 whichever is the earlier but not so as to prejudice the completion of purchase(s) by the
 
Company before the aforesaid expiry date and, in any event, in accordance with the 
provisions of the guidelines issued by Bursa Securities and/or any other relevant 
authorities.
 The Board proposes to allocate an amount of up to retained earnings of the Company
 
for the purchase of its own shares subject to Section 127 of the Companies Act, 2016 
(as may be amended, modified or re-enacted from time to time) and any prevailing 
laws, rules, regulations, orders, guidelines and requirements issued by the relevant 
authorities at the time of the purchase (Prevailing Laws). The actual number of CIMB 
Shares to be purchased will depend on market conditions and sentiments of Bursa 
Securities as well as the retained earnings and financial resources available to the 
Company. The audited retained earnings of the Company as at 31 December 2022 was 
RM1.139 billion.
 CIMB may only purchase its own shares at a price which is not more than 15% above
 
the weighted average market price for the past 5 market days immediately preceding 
the date of the purchase(s). The Company may only re-sell the purchased shares held 
as treasury shares at a price which is (a) not less than the weighted average market 
price of CIMB Shares for the 5 market days immediately preceding the date of re-sale 
or (b) at a discounted price of not more than 5% to the weighted average market price 
of CIMB Shares for the 5 market days immediately prior to the re-sale, provided that 
the re-sale takes place not earlier than 30 days from the date of purchase and the 
re-sale price is not less than the cost of purchase of the CIMB Shares being re-sold. 
The Company shall, upon each purchase or re-sale of shares bought back, make the 
necessary announcements through Bursa Securities.
 The Proposed Shares Buy-Back will allow the Board to exercise the power of the
 
Company to purchase its own shares at any time within the abovementioned time 
period using internally generated funds and/or external borrowings. The amount of 
internally generated funds and/or external borrowings to be utilised will only be 
determined at a later date, depending on the availability of internally generated funds, 
actual number of CIMB Shares to be purchased, the anticipated future cash flows of 
the Group and other cost factors.
238
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement Accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting
(Pursuant to Paragraph 12.06(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)

---- Page 241 ----
 The CIMB Shares purchased and held as treasury shares may be distributed as share  
dividends, re-sold on Bursa Securities in accordance with the relevant rules of Bursa 
Securities, cancelled or continue to be retained as treasury shares. The decision 
whether to retain the purchased shares as treasury shares, to cancel the shares 
purchased, distribute the treasury shares as share dividends and/or re-sell the treasury 
shares on Bursa Securities will be made by the Board at the appropriate time.
 The distribution of treasury shares as share dividends may be applied as a reduction of
 
the retained profits of the Company. The treatment of the purchased shares held as 
treasury shares, this being to distribute as share dividends or to re-sell on Bursa 
Securities or both will in turn, depend on the availability of, amongst others, retained 
profits of the Company.
 While the purchased shares are held as treasury shares, the rights attached to them as
 
to voting, dividends and participation in any other distributions or otherwise are 
suspended and the treasury shares shall not be taken into account in calculating the 
number of percentage of shares or of a class of shares in the Company for any 
purposes including, without limiting the generality of the provision of Section 127 of the 
Companies Act, 2016, the provision of any laws or requirements of the Constitution of 
the Company or the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities governing 
substantial shareholding, takeovers, notices, the requisitioning of meetings, quorum for 
a meeting and the result of a vote on a resolution at a meeting.
 The Proposed Shares Buy-Back will be carried out in accordance with the Prevailing
 
Laws at the time of the purchase including compliance with the public shareholding 
spread as required by the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities.
 The public shareholding spread of the Company before and after the Proposed Shares
 
Buy-Back is as follows:
Before the Proposed
Shares Buy-Back
After the Proposed
Shares Buy-Back
Public shareholding spread 57.72*1 64.13*2
 
Notes:
*1 As 
at 29 February 2024
*2 Based on the assumption 
that:
(i)
 the Proposed Shares Buy-Back involves the aggregate purchase of 1,066,510,170 
CIMB Shares (being 
10% of issued and paid-up capital of the Company as at 29 February 2024) which are to be retained 
as treasury shares; and
(ii)
 the number of CIMB 
Shares held by the Directors of CIMB, the substantial shareholders of CIMB and 
person connected to them remain unchanged.
3. RATIONALE FOR THE PROPOSED SHARES BUY-BACK
 The Proposed Shares Buy-Back will enable CIMB to utilise its surplus financial resources  
to buy-back CIMB Shares. The increase in Earnings Per Share, if any, arising from the 
Proposed Shares Buy-Back is expected to benefit the Shareholders of the Company.
 The purchased shares can be held as treasury shares and re-sold on Bursa Securities
 
to realise potential gain without affecting the total issued and paid-up share capital of 
the Company. The distribution of the treasury shares as share dividends may also serve 
to reward the Shareholders of the Company.
4. EVALUATION OF THE PROPOSED SHARES BUY-BACK
4.1  ADVANTAGES
 The potential advantages of the Proposed Shares Buy-Back are as follows:
(i)
 Allow the Company to take preventive measures against excessive
 
speculation, in particular when the Company’s shares are undervalued;
(ii)
 Allow the Company more flexibility in fine-tuning its capital structure;
(iii)
 The resultant reduction of share capital base is expected to improve the
 
Earnings Per Share and may strengthen the net tangible assets of the 
remaining shares as well as the probability of declaring a higher quantum 
of dividend in the future;
(iv)
 To stabilise a downward trend of the market price of the Company’s
 
shares;
(v)
 Treasury shares can be treated as long-term investments. It makes
 
business sense to invest in our own Company as the Board of Directors is 
confident with CIMB’s future prospects and performance in the long term; 
and
(vi)
 If the treasury shares are distributed as dividend by the Company, it may
 
then serve to reward the Shareholders of the Company.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
239
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 242 ----
4.2  DISADVANTAGES
 The potential disadvantages of the Proposed Shares Buy-Back are as follows:
(i)
 The purchases can only be made out of distributable reserves resulting in
 
a reduction of the amount available for distribution as dividends and bonus 
issues to Shareholders; and
(ii)
 The purchases of existing shares involve cash outflow from the Company
 
which may otherwise be retained and used for the businesses of the 
Company.
 Nevertheless, the Board of Directors will be mindful of the interests of the
 
Company and its Shareholders in exercising the authority to purchase its own 
shares.
5. EFFECTS OF THE PROPOSED SHARES BUY-BACK
 Assuming that the Company buys back up to 1,066,510,170 CIMB Shares representing  
10% of its issued and paid-up share capital as at 29 February 2024 and such shares 
purchased are cancelled or alternatively be retained as treasury shares or both, the 
effects of the Proposed Shares Buy-Back on the share capital, net tangible assets, 
working capital, earnings and substantial Shareholders’ and Directors’ shareholdings are 
as set out below:
5.1  SHARE CAPITAL
 In the event that all CIMB Shares purchased are cancelled, the Proposed Shares  
Buy-Back will result in the issued and paid-up share capital of CIMB as at 29 
February 2024 to be reduced from RM29,094,547,322.88 comprising 
10,665,101,700 CIMB Shares to RM26,185,092,590.59 comprising 9,598,591,530 
CIMB Shares. However, it is not expected to have any effect on the issued and 
paid-up share capital if all CIMB Shares purchased are to be retained as 
treasury shares.
 The effects of the Proposed Shares Buy-Back on the issued and paid up share
 
capital of CIMB are illustrated below:
As Per Audited
Financial Statement
as at 31 December
2023
As at
29 February 2024
After Share
Purchase and
Cancellation
Issued and 
paid-up 
share 
capital (RM)29,094,547,322.88 29,094,547,322.88 26,185,092,590.59*¹
 Note:
*1 Assuming 
up to 10% of the issued and paid-up share capital of CIMB or 1,066,510,170 CIMB 
Shares are purchased and cancelled.
5.2  NET ASSET AND WORKING CAPITAL
 The effects of the Proposed Shares Buy-Back on the net assets per share of  
CIMB are dependent on the purchase prices of CIMB Shares and the effective 
funding cost or loss in interest income to CIMB.
 If all CIMB Shares purchased are to be cancelled or retained as treasury shares,
 
the Proposed Shares Buy-Back will reduce the net assets per share when the 
purchase price exceeds the net assets per share at the relevant point in time. 
On the contrary, the net assets per share will be increased when the purchase 
price is less than the net assets per share at the relevant point in time.
 The Proposed Shares Buy-Back will reduce the working capital of CIMB, the
 
quantum of which will depend on the amount of financial resources to be 
utilised for the purchase of CIMB Shares.
5.3  EARNINGS PER SHARE
 The effects of the Proposed Shares Buy-Back on the Earnings Per Share of  
CIMB are dependent on the purchase prices of CIMB Shares and the effective 
funding cost or loss in interest income to CIMB.
240
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement Accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting
(Pursuant to Paragraph 12.06(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)

---- Page 243 ----
5.4  SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS
 The effects of the Proposed Shares Buy-Back on the Substantial Shareholders’ and Directors’ shareholdings based on the Register  of Substantial Shareholders and the Register 
of Directors’ Shareholdings respectively as at 29 February 2024 are as follows:
Substantial Shareholders
No. of CIMB Shares Held
Before the Proposed Shares Buy-Back*¹ After the Proposed Shares Buy-Back*²
Direct % Indirect % Direct % Indirect %
Khazanah Nasional Berhad 2,454,306,861 23.01 – – 2,454,306,861 25.57 – –
Employees Provident Fund Board 1,431,411,941*³ 13.42 – – 1,431,411,941 14.91 – –
Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 621,926,641 5.83 – – 621,926,641 6.48 – –
 Notes:
*1 Adjusted for the number of treasury shares held as at 1 
March 2024.
*2 Assuming 
that 10% of the issued and paid-up capital is purchased and retained as treasury shares.
*3 Include s shares held through nominees.
Directors
Before the Proposed Shares Buy-Back*¹ After the Proposed Shares Buy-Back*²
No. of CIMB Shares Held % No. of CIMB Shares Held %
Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan* 4 1,381,208*4 0.01*³ 1,381,208*4 0.01*³
En Didi Syafruddin Yahya* 5 46,791*5 0.00*³ 46,791*5 0.00*³
Dato’ Abdul Rahman Ahmad* 6 36,227*6 0.00*³ 36,227*6 0.00*³
 Notes:
*1 Adjusted for the number of treasury shares held as at 29 
February 2024.
*2 Assuming 
10% of the issued and paid-up capital is purchased and retained as treasury shares.
*3 Less than 0.1%.
*4 Include s the shareholdings of his spouse.
*5 Shareh oldings of his spouse.
*6 Shares held unde r Nominee Company.
 Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, substantial Shareholders, and persons connected to the Directors and/or substan tial Shareholders held any CIMB Shares.
6. APPROVAL REQUIRED
 The Proposed Shares Buy-Back is conditional upon the approval of the Shareholders of CIMB at the forthcoming 67th Annual Genera l Meeting.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
241
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 244 ----
7. SHARE PRICES
 The monthly highest and lowest prices per share of CIMB Shares traded on Bursa  
Securities for the last twelve (12) months from March 2023 to 29 February 2024 are as 
follows:
2023
High
(RM)
Low
(RM) 2024
High
(RM)
Low
(RM)
March 5.32 4.99 January 6.23 5.84
April 5.17 4.90 February 6.46 6.19
May 5.00 4.67
June 5.09 4.66
July 5.38 5.00
August 5.56 5.29
September 5.62 5.43
October 5.71 5.40
November 5.81 5.64
December 5.96 5.75
 Notes:
1.
 Based on the actual share price.
8. PURCHASES, RESALE AND CANCELLATION OF TREASURY  
SHARES MADE DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 
31  DECEMBER 2023
 During the financial year ended 31 December 2023, the Company did not buy back any  
of its issued share capital from the open market.
9. DIRECTORS’ AND SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
 None of the Directors, substantial Shareholders and/ or persons connected to the  
Directors or substantial Shareholders of the Company have any interest, direct or 
indirect in the Proposed Shares Buy-Back or the re-sale of treasury Shares.
10.  MALAYSIAN CODE ON TAKE-OVERS AND MERGERS 2016  
(CODE)
 The Proposed Shares Buy-Back if carried out in full (whether shares are cancelled or  
treated as treasury shares) may result in a substantial Shareholder and/or parties acting 
in concert with it incurring a mandatory general offer obligation. In this respect, the 
Board is mindful of any implications arising from the Proposed Shares Buy-Back under 
the provision of the Code.
11.  STATEMENT BY BURSA SECURITIES
 Bursa Securities takes no responsibility for the contents of this Statement, makes no  
representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaims any liability 
whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any 
part of the contents of this Statement.
12.  DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
 This Statement has been seen and approved by our Board, and our Directors  
collectively and individually accept full responsibility for the accuracy of the information 
contained herein and confirm that, after making all reasonable enquiries and to the 
best of their knowledge and belief, there are no other facts, the omission of which 
would make any statement herein misleading.
13.  DIRECTORS’ RECOMMENDATION
 If you are in any doubt as to the course of action to be taken, you should consult  
appropriate independent advisers immediately.
 After having considered all aspects of the Proposed Shares Buy-Back, our Board is of
 
the opinion that the Proposed Shares Buy-Back is in the best interest of the Company. 
Accordingly, they recommend that you vote in favour of the ordinary resolution for the 
Proposed Shares Buy-Back to be tabled at the forthcoming 67th Annual General 
Meeting.
14.  DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION
 Copies of the following documents are available for inspection at the registered office  
of the Company at Level 13, Menara CIMB, Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur 
Sentral 50470 Kuala Lumpur, during normal business hours from Monday to Friday 
(except public holidays) from the date hereof up to the time stipulated for the holding 
of the AGM:
i.
 The Constitution of the Company;
ii.
 The audited consolidated financial statements of our Company for the FYE 31
 
December 2022 and the FYE 31 December 2023;
iii.
 The latest available unaudited consolidated condensed interim financial statements
 
of our Company for the FYE 31 December 2023, which was announced on 29 
February 2024; and
iv.
 Other related documents which are referred to in this statement.
242
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Statement Accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting
(Pursuant to Paragraph 12.06(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)

---- Page 245 ----
The Board of Directors of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad (Board) has agreed that the 67th 
Annual General Meeting (67th AGM) of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad (the Company or CIMB) 
shall be held virtually and entirely via Remote Participation and Electronic Voting (RPEV) 
facilities on the date, time and at the broadcast venue, as follows:
Date Monday, 29 April 2024
Time 10.00 a.m.
Broadcast Venue Level 31, Menara CIMB,
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2,
Kuala Lumpur Sentral,
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Online Meeting 
Platform
https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my
Mode of 
Communication
1. Questions can be posed to the Board via real time submission of  
typed texts at https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my during live 
streaming of the 67th AGM. The messaging window facility will be 
opened concurrently with the Virtual Meeting Portal, i.e. one (1) 
hour before the AGM, which is from 9.00 a.m. on Monday, 
29 April
	2024.
2.
 Shareholders may submit questions in advance on the AGM
 
resolutions and Annual Report 2023 commencing from 30 March 
2024 and in any event no later than Monday, 22 April 2024 at 
5.00 p.m., via Boardroom’s website at https://investor.
boardroomlimited.com using the same user ID and password 
provided in Step 2 below, and select “SUBMIT QUESTION” to 
pose questions (“Pre-AGM Meeting Questions”).
MODE OF MEETING
1. As virtual AGMs have become the norm post COVID-19, and to increase shareholder’s  
attendance and engagement with no geographical restrictions/constraints, the Company 
invites shareholders to participate in the upcoming 67th AGM from their home or office 
and follow the entire proceedings as the AGM would be conducted via RPEV facilities. 
The AGM will be conducted in accordance with the practices that have already been 
adopted by other internationally developed capital markets. The AGM is transparent, 
has a high level of integrity and is environmentally friendly. Furthermore, throughout 
the years, the resolutions in our AGM have been passed electronically, and the adoption 
of a virtual AGM is one step ahead for good corporate governance and best practice.
 Please note that the Broadcast Venue is strictly for the purpose of compliance with
 
Section 327 of the Companies Act 2016 and Article 57 of the Company’s Constitution. 
No shareholders/proxies/corporate representatives should be physically present at or 
admitted to the Broadcast Venue on the day of the AGM.
VOTING PROCEDURE
1. The voting procedure will be conducted by poll in accordance with Paragraph 8.29A of  
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa Malaysia) Main Market Listing Requirements. 
The Company has appointed Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd (Boardroom) as Poll 
Administrator to conduct the poll by way of electronic voting (e-voting) and KPMG 
Management & Risk Consulting Sdn. Bhd. as Scrutineers to verify and validate the poll 
results.
2. For the purposes of this AGM, e-voting will be carried out via the following voting devices:
a.
 Personal smart mobile phones , tablets  or Laptops 
3. There are 2 methods for members and proxies who wish to use their personal voting  
device to vote. The methods are as follows:
a.
 Use QR Scanner Code given in the email to you; OR
b.
 Go to the website URL https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my
4.
 The polling will only commence after the announcement of poll being opened by the
 
Chairman and until such time when the Chairman announces the closure of poll.
5.
 The Scrutineers will verify the poll result reports upon closing of the poll session by the
 
Chairman and the Chairman will declare whether the resolutions put to vote were 
successfully carried or not.
6.
 You must ensure that you are connected to the internet at all times in order to
 
participate and vote remotely when the 67th AGM has commenced. Therefore, it is 
your responsibility to ensure that connectivity for the duration of the AGM is 
maintained. Kindly note that the quality of the connectivity to Virtual Meeting Portal for 
live webcast as well as for remote online voting is dependent on the bandwidth and 
stability of the internet connection at the location of the remote participants.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
243
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION
Administrative Details for 67th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of 
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad

---- Page 246 ----
ONLINE REGISTRATION PROCEDURE
7. Please note that the RPEV facilities are available to (i) Individual Members; (ii) Corporate Shareholders; (iii) Authorised Nominee; and (iv) Exempt Authorised Nominee shall 
use the RPEV facilities to participate and vote remotely at the AGM.
8.
 If you choose to participate in the Meeting online, you will be able to view a live webcast of the Meeting, ask questions and s
ubmit your votes in real time whilst the Meeting is in 
progress.
9.
 Kindy follow the steps below on how to request for login ID and password.
BEFORE THE 67TH AGM DAY
Step 1 – Register Online with Boardroom Smart Investor Portal “BSIP” (for first 
time registration only)
[Note: If you have already signed up with BSIP, you are not required to register again. You may proceed to 
Step 2 to submit your request for Remote Participation user ID and password.]
a. Access BSIP website at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com
b.
 
Click <<Register>> to sign up as a user.
c.
 Please select the correct account type i.e. sign up as “Shareholder” or “Corporate Holder”
d.
 Complete the registration with all required information. Upload a softcopy of your or
 
representative’s MyKAD/Identification Card (front and back) or Passport.
e.
 For Corporate Holder, kindly upload the authorisation letter as well. Click “
Sign Up”.
f.
 You will receive an email from Boardroom for email address verification. Click “
Verify Email 
Address” from the email received to continue with the registration.
g.
 Once your email address is verified, you will be re-directed to Boardroom Smart Investor
 
Portal for verification of mobile number. Click “Request OTP Code” and an OTP Code will be 
sent to the registered mobile number. You will need to enter the OTP Code and click “Enter” 
to complete the process.
h.
 Your registration will be verified and approved within one (1) business day and email
 
notification will be provided to you.
(Note: Registration for remote access will be opened on 25 March 2024. The RPEV facilities will open for 
registration from Monday, 25 March 2024 until such time before the poll voting session ends at the 67th AGM 
on Monday, 29 April 2024.)
For Shareholders
i.
 Login to 
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com using your user ID and password from 
Step 1 above.
j.
 Select “
CIMB GROUP HOLDINGS BERHAD 67th AGM” from the list of Meeting Event(s) 
and click “Enter”.
To attend the virtual AGM remotely
a.
 Click on “
Register for RPEV”
b.
 Read and agree to the Terms & Conditions and click “
Next”.
c.
 Enter your CDS Account and thereafter submit your request.
(Note: Registration for remote access will be opened on 25 March 2024. Please note that the closing time to 
appoint proxy and submit your request is not less than twenty-four (24) hours before the time of holding the 
AGM, i.e. latest by 10:00 a.m. on Sunday, 28 April 2024.)
To appoint proxy
a.
 Click on “
Submit eProxy Form”.
b.
 Select the company you would like to represent (applicable to Corporate Shareholder
 
that represent more than one company only).
c.
 Enter your CDS Account Number and number of securities held.
d.
 Select your proxy - either the Chairman of the meeting or individual named proxy(ies)
e.
 Read and accept the General Terms and Conditions by clicking “
Next”.
f.
 Enter the required particulars of your proxy(ies).
g.
 Indicate your voting instructions - “
FOR” or “AGAINST”, otherwise your proxy will decide 
your vote.
h.
 Click “
Apply”
i.
 Download or print the eProxy form as acknowledgement.
Corporate Shareholders 
(via email)
a.
 To submit the request, Corporate Shareholders need to deposit the original hardcopy
 
to Boardroom and write in to Boardroom at bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com by 
providing softcopy of the Certificate of Appointment of Corporate Representative or 
Form of Proxy, the name of shareholder and CDS Account Number.
b.
 Please provide a copy of Corporate Representative’s MyKad/Identification Card (front
 
and back) or Passport as well as his/her email address.
Authorised Nominee and Exempt Authorised Nominee
244
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Administrative Details for 67th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad

---- Page 247 ----
Step 2 – Submit Request for Remote Participation User ID and Password
Via BSIP
a. Login to https://investor.boardroomlimited.com using your user ID and password from 
Step 1 above.
b. Select “CIMB GROUP HOLDINGS BERHAD 67th AGM” from the list of Meeting Event(s) 
and click “Enter”.
c. Click on “Submit eProxy Form”.
d. Select the company you would like to represent (if more than one).
e. Proceed to download the file format for “Submission of Proxy Form” from BSIP.
f. Prepare the file for the appointment of proxies by inserting the required data.
g. Proceed to upload the duly completed proxy appointment file.
h. Review and confirm your proxy appointment and click “Submit”.
i. Download or print the eProxy form as acknowledgement.
Via email
a. To submit the request, Authorised Nominee and Exempt Authorised Nominee need to 
deposit the original hardcopy Form of Proxy to Boardroom and write in to Boardroom 
at bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com by providing softcopy of the Form of Proxy, the 
name of shareholders and CDS Account Number.
b. Please provide a copy of the proxy holder’s MyKad/Identification Card (front and back) 
or Passport in JPEG, PNG or PDF format as well as his/her email address.
Email Notification
a. You will receive notification from Boardroom that your request(s) has been received and 
is being verified.
b. Upon system verification against the General Meeting Record of Depositors of the AGM 
as at 22 April 2024 you will receive an email from Boardroom either approving or 
rejecting your registration for remote participation.
c. If your registration is approved, you will also receive your remote access user ID and 
password in the same email from Boardroom after the closing date.
PARTICIPATION THROUGH LIVE WEBCAST, QUESTION AND VOTING AT THE 67TH AGM
1. The Chairman and the Board will endeavour their best to respond to the questions submitted by shareholders which are related to the resolutions to be tabled at the 67th AGM, as 
well as financial performance/prospect of the Company.
2. All modes of communications are accepted for the purpose of posting questions to the Chairman and Board before or during the AGM. Shareholders are however encouraged to post 
questions via the online platform during the AGM.
3. Shareholders may proceed to cast votes on each of the proposed resolutions, to be tabled at the 67th AGM, after the Chairman has opened the poll on the resolutions. Shareholders 
are reminded to cast their votes before the poll is closed.
4. Shareholders who participate in the AGM are able to view the Company’s presentation or slides via the live webcast.
Integrated Annual Report 2023
245
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION

---- Page 248 ----
ENTITLEMENT TO PARTICIPATE AND VOTE
In respect of deposited securities, only members whose names appear in the Record of 
Depositors on 22 April 2024 (General Meeting Record of Depositors) shall be eligible to 
participate in the AGM or appoint proxy(ies) to participate and/or vote on his/her behalf.
FORM(S) OF PROXY
1. You may download the Proxy form(s) from our website at   
https://www.cimb.com/en/investor-relations/annual-reports.html.
2.
 If you are unable to attend the online AGM and wish to appoint the Chairman of the
 
AGM as your proxy to vote on your behalf, please deposit your proxy form at the office 
of the company’s share registrar, Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd at 11th Floor, 
Menara Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling 
Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan no later than 10.00 a.m. on 28 April 2024 (24 hours 
before the 67th AGM). Any alteration to the Form of Proxy must be initialed.
3.
 Alternatively, the proxy appointment may also be lodged electronically at
  
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com, which is free and available to all individual 
shareholders no later than 10.00 a.m. on 28 April 2024 (24 hours before the 67th 
AGM). For further information, kindly refer to the “Procedure For Remote 
Participation and Electronic Voting” above.
4.
 If you wish to participate in the AGM yourself, please do not submit any proxy
 
form for the AGM. You will not be allowed to participate in the AGM together 
with a proxy appointed by you.
REVOCATION OF PROXY
If you have submitted your Form(s) of Proxy and subsequently decide to appoint another 
person or wish to participate in our electronic AGM by yourself, please write in to  
bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com to revoke the earlier appointed proxy 24 hours before 
the meeting.
RECORDING OR PHOTOGRAPHY AT THE ONLINE AGM
No recording or photography of the AGM proceeding is allowed without the prior written 
permission of the Company.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
1. As part of our dedicated commitment to sustainable practices,   
the Annual Report 2023 can be downloaded from our website at  
https://www.cimb.com/en/investor-relations/annual-reports.html and also at Bursa 
Malaysia website under “Company Announcements”.
2.
 Since the 67th AGM will be conducted virtually, there will be 
NO DISTRIBUTION of the 
Annual Report 2023 during the meeting.
PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY
By registering for the remote participation and electronic voting meeting and/or submitting 
the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), the member of the Company 
has consented to the use of such data for purposes of processing and administration by the 
Company (or its agents); and to comply with any laws, listing rules, regulations and/or 
guidelines. The member agrees that he/she will indemnify the Company in respect of any 
penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the shareholder’s 
breach of warranty.
ENQUIRY
If you have general administrative enquiries on the AGM, please contact the following during 
office hours:
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd
Office Helpdesk 
 :
 +603-7890 4700
Encik Mohamed Sophiee Ahmad Nawawi
 :
 +603-7890 4716
Puan Noruzaimah Md Taib
 :
 +603-7890 4722
Fax No.
 :
 +603-7890 4670
E-mail
 :
 
bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com
 :
 
mohamed.sophiee@boardroomlimited.com
 :
 
noruzaimah.taib@boardroomlimited.com
CIMB
Datin Rossaya Mohd Nashir, Group Company Secretary
Azrina Mohd Azmi
Telephone
 :
 +603-2261 0085
Fax No.
 :
 +603-2261 0099
Email
 :
 
cimbagm@cimb.com
246
OVERVIEW MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS LEADERSHIP GOVERNANCE
Administrative Details for 67th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad

---- Page 249 ----
CDS Account No. 
I/We 
 (name of shareholder as per NRIC/ID, in capital letters)
NRIC No./ID No./Company No.  (new)
 (old)
of 
 (full address)
being a member of CIMB Group Holdings Berhad (“CIMB” or “the Company”), hereby appoint
 (name of proxy as per NRIC/ID, in capital letters)
NRIC No./ID No.  (new)
 (old)
or failing whom, 
 (name of proxy as per NRIC/ID, in capital letters)
NRIC No./ID No.  (new)
 (old)
or failing whom, the Chairman of the Meeting as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our 
behalf at the 67th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company to be held virtually and 
broadcasted live from Level 31, Menara CIMB, Jalan Stesen Sentral 2, Kuala Lumpur Sentral, 
50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and by remote participation via Boardroom Share Registrars 
Sdn Bhd’s website on Monday, 29 April 2024 at 10.00 a.m. or at any adjournment thereof.
My/our proxy is to vote as indicated below.
RESOLUTIONS FOR* AGAINST*
1. To re-elect the following Directors who retire 
pursuant to Article 81 of the Company’s Constitution:
1.1 Dato’ Lee Kok Kwan Resolution 1
1.2 Dato’ Mohamed Ross Mohd Din Resolution 2
1.3 En Afzal Abdul Rahim Resolution 3
RESOLUTIONS FOR* AGAINST*
2. To re-elect Datin Azlina Mahmad who retires 
pursuant to Article 88 of the Company’s 
Constitution.
Resolution 4
3. To approve the payment of Non-Executive 
Directors’ fees with effect from the 67th AGM 
until the next AGM of the Company.
Resolution 5
4. To approve the payment of allowances and 
benefits payable to Non-Executive Directors of 
the Company up to an amount of RM3,895,000 
from the 67th AGM until the next AGM of the 
Company.
Resolution 6
5. To re-appoint Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers as 
Auditors of the Company for the financial year 
ending 31 December 2024 and to authorise the 
Board of Directors to fix their remuneration.
Resolution 7
6. Proposed Renewal of the Authority for Directors 
to Allot and Issue Shares.
Resolution 8
7. Proposed Renewal of the Authority for Directors 
to Allot and Issue New Ordinary Shares in the 
Company (CIMB Shares) in Relation to the Dividend 
Reinvestment Scheme.
Resolution 9
8. Proposed Renewal of the Authority to Purchase 
Own Shares.
Resolution 10
9. To transact any other business of which due 
notice shall have been duly given in accordance 
with the Companies Act, 2016.
As Witness my hand this  day of 
No. of Shares Held:
 
 Signature of Member(s)
* Please indicate with an “X” how you wish your vote to be cast. (Unless otherwise instructed, the proxy may vote as 
he thinks fit.)
CIMB Group Holdings Berhad
195601000197 (50841-W)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
✃
Proxy Form

---- Page 250 ----
NOTES:
1. Section 334 of the Companies Act, 2016 provides that a member of a company shall be entitled to appoint another person or persons as his/her proxy or proxies to exercise all or any of his rights to attend, participate, speak and vote 
at a meeting of members of the company. A proxy may, but need not, be a member of the company. A member may appoint any person to be his/her proxy without any restriction as to the qualification of such person.
2. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless he/she specifies the proportion of his/her shareholding to be represented by each proxy. A member shall be entitled to appoint only one (1) 
proxy unless he/she has more than 1,000 shares in which case he/she may appoint up to five (5) proxies provided each proxy appointed shall represent at least 1,000 shares.
3. This instrument duly completed must be deposited at the Registrar’s office at Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn. Bhd. 11th Floor, Menara Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia, 
not less than twenty-four (24) hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting which is no later than 10.00 a.m. (Sunday, 28 April 2024).
4. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointer or his/her attorney duly authorised in writing or if such appointer is a corporation, under its Seal or the hand of its attorney.
5. For the purpose of determining a member who shall be entitled to attend the 67th Annual General Meeting, the Company shall request Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd in accordance with Article 59(c) of the Company’s Constitution 
and Section 34(1) of the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act, 1991 to issue a Record of Depositors as at 22 April 2024. Only a depositor whose name appears on the Record of Depositors as of 22 April 2024 shall be entitled to 
attend the said meeting or appoint proxies to attend, participate, speak and/or vote on his/her behalf.
The Share Registrars
BOARDROOM SHARE REGISTRARS SDN. BHD. (1996010006647(378993-D))
11th Floor, Menara Symphony
No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim
Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya
Selangor, Malaysia
fold here
fold here
AFFIX STAMP


---- Page 251 ----
CIMB GROUP HOLDINGS BERHAD
195601000197 (50841-W)INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
www.cimb.com