---- Page 1 ----
INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
GENTING MALAYSIA BERHAD
198001004236 (58019-U)

---- Page 2 ----
          
 
 
03          Chairman’s Statement 
 
 
 
10          Our Vision & Mission 
10         Core Values 
11          GENM at a Glance 
12          Group Corporate Structure 
13          Our Global Presence 
14          Key Highlights  
17          Awards & Accolades 
19          Management & Corporate Information 
20          Corporate Diary 
 
 
 
 
21          Board of Directors 
22          Board of Directors’ Proﬁles 
33 
        Principal Executive Ofﬁcers’ Proﬁles 
 
 
 
35          Our Approach to Value Creation 
36          Our Value Creation Model 
38          Overview of Sustainability at 
              Genting Malaysia 
41          Material Matters 
50          Stakeholder Engagement 
 
 
 
              Strategic Review 
 
52          Operating Environment 
53          Key Market Trends 
54          Managing Our Key Risks 
 
               Financial Performance Review 
 
56          Five-Year Financial Summary 
57          Group Financial Review 
59          Outlook
60          Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement 
76          Audit Committee Report 
79          Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control 
82          Risk Management Committee Report 
 
 
 
84          Directors’ Report 
92          Statement by Directors 
93          Income Statements 
94          Statements of Comprehensive Income 
95          Statements of Financial Position 
97          Statements of Changes in Equity 
100        Statements of Cash Flows 
104        Notes to the Financial Statements 
171        Statement on Directors’ Responsibility 
171        Statutory Declaration 
172        Independent Auditors’ Report 
 
 
 
178        List of Properties Held 
181        Analysis of Shareholdings 
185        Notice of Annual General Meeting 
189        Statement Accompanying Notice of 
Annual General Meeting 
 
 
             Form of Proxy  
             Group Ofﬁces  
             Genting Premier Brands
CONTENTS
About This Report
02 About Genting Malaysia
01 Key Messages
04 How Genting Malaysia Creates Value
07 Financial Statements
08 Additional Information
05 Management Discussion and Analysis
03 Leadership
06 Governance

---- Page 3 ----
ABOUT
THIS REPORT
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78 6 5 3 2 14
1
1.1 Basis of This Report 
 
Genting Mala
ysia Berhad ("Genting Malaysia", "GENM" or "the Group") presents its inaugural Integrated Annual 
Report (“IAR 2023” or “Report”), offering a comprehensive view of our performance and value creation during the 
ﬁnancial year 2023. 
 
This IAR 2023 is crafted to foster a deep understanding among our stakeholders, seamlessly blending the ﬁnancial and 
non-ﬁnancial elements of our oper
ations. This report is grounded in the principle-based framework of Integrated Reporting, 
moving beyond conventional ﬁnancial reporting methods. It underscores our commitment to sustainable growth and 
value creation, highlighting our journey towards operational excellence and long-term stakeholder engagement. 
 
Through this IAR 2023, we demonstrate our dedication to transparency and accountability, providing insights into our 
strategic objectives, operational efﬁciencies, and our contributions to social and environmental sustainability. This report 
is both a reﬂection of our past year’s achievement, and a testament to our ongoing efforts in shaping a sustainable future 
for Genting Malaysia, our stakeholders, and the communities we serve.
1.2 Reporting Scope and Boundary 
 
This Report provides an overview of the Group's 
performance and key achievements for the period 
beginning 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, unless 
otherwise stated. 
 
This Report covers material disclosures of the Group's 
operations in Malaysia, the United Kingdom, Egypt, the 
United States of America, and The Bahamas. 
 
1.3 Materiality and Material Matters 
 
Understanding of our material matters support 
development and delivery of our activities. Genting 
Malaysia had performed a detailed materiality 
assessment in 2022 and has reconﬁrmed its relevance 
in 2023, in line with recognised standards to ensure our 
focus aligns with the latest developments in our 
operational landscape, including trends and 
stakeholder needs. 
 
1.4 Assurance 
 
The audited ﬁnancial statements for the year under 
review are disclosed in this IAR 2023.  
 
The independent auditors' report can be found on 
page 174 of the IAR 2023. 
 
Selected matters of the Sustainability Report have been 
subjected to an internal review by the Company's 
Internal Auditors. 
 
We aim to obtain external assurance of our 
Sustainability Report in the coming years. 
 
1.5 Reporting Frameworks 
 
This Report has been developed in line with 
international standards and practices: 
 
• Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) 
• Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad 
• Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021 
(“MCCG 2021”) 
• Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (“MFRS”) 
• International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) 
• International Integrated Reporting <IR>  Framework  
• Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards 
• Bursa Malaysia’s Sustainability Reporting Guide 
(3rd Edition) 

---- Page 4 ----
1.6 FY2023 Reports 
 
In promoting comprehensive disclosure and connectivity of information, 
readers may consult the following reports alongside this Integrated 
Annual Report ("IAR 2023") for a holistic perspective of Genting Malaysia. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.7 Forward-looking Statement 
 
This Report contains forward-looking statements about Genting 
Malaysia’s future strategy, performance, operations and prospects. 
These statements and expectations are subject to potential risks and 
uncertainties as they are contingent on future events and conditions that  
may take place. All prognostic statements made in this Report are 
grounded in Genting Malaysia’s present standing and anticipated future 
course, relying on information presently available. 
 
1.8 Board Approval  
 
The Board, acknowledging its responsibility to ensure reporting integrity, 
has found that the contents of this Report are factual and fairly represent 
Genting Malaysia's performance for the year 2023. 
 
This report was reviewed, approved, and endorsed by Genting Malaysia's 
Board of Directors on 8 March 2024. 
 
1.9 Feedback  
 
We strive for continuous enhancement in our reporting initiatives and 
welcome our stakeholders to share their feedback. Please share your 
feedback to ir.genm@gentingmalaysia.com. 
ABOUT THIS REPORT
1 2 3 5 6 74
2
8
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
Financial
Capital
Manufactured 
Capital
Intellectual 
Capital
Human 
Capital
Social and
Relationship
Capital
Natural 
Capital
Navigation Icons
Cross-references
Key Capitals
Material Matters
Regulatory 
Compliance
Corporate
Governance
Data Privacy
and Protection
Positive 
Economic
Impact
Responsible
Gaming
Responsible
Supply Chain
Responsible
Waste
Management
Resource
Efﬁciency
Biodiversity
Protection
Climate
Change
Human 
Resource
Management
Customer
Experience
Employee
Safety, Health
and Wellbeing
Community
Engagement
and
Empowerment
We use the following icons to 
strengthen the linkages between 
information presented throughout this 
Report:
Find relevant information in this
Report
Find relevant information in our
Sustainability Report
Read more on our website at 
www.gentingmalaysia.com
Corporate Governance Report (“CGR”) 
 
Reporting on Genting Malaysia's corporate governance
 
practices, ensuring transparency and accountability. 
Sustainability Report (“SR”) 
 
Det
ailed disclosures on approach, performance, and initiatives 
in managing Genting Malaysia's material environmental, social 
and governance ("ESG") impacts.

---- Page 5 ----
STATEMENT
CHAIRMAN’S
Dear Shareholders, 
 
Central to the Group’s long-term success has
 
been our commitment to evolve, adapt and 
innovate to keep improving. Over the years, we 
have transformed our business through strategic 
investments, positioning ourselves as a leading 
player in the leisure and hospitality industry. This 
is driven by a strategy that reﬂects what is needed 
to navigate a dynamic operating environment 
whilst delivering long-term value for stakeholders. 
Our strategic priorities ensure a focus on growing 
our business sustainably, prioritising what matters 
most to guests, creating space for innovation as 
we invest in digitalisation, and operating in ways 
that nurture our people, communities and the 
planet. 
 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (“Board”), I 
present to you, the Integrated Annual Report and 
Audited Financial Statements of Genting 
Malaysia Berhad (“GENM”) and its group of 
companies (“Group”) for the ﬁnancial year 
ended 31 December 2023 (“FY2023”).
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78Key Messages 6 5 3 2 14
3

---- Page 6 ----
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
1 2 3 5 6 74
4
Key Messages8
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
The Group delivered a solid performance in the year, with 
total group revenue growing by 18% to RM10.2 billion, 
achieving 98% of pre-pandemic 2019 levels. Overall 
adjusted earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation 
and amortisation ("EBITDA") similarly improved by 24% to 
RM2.6 billion, mainly driven by higher volume of business. 
The Group's adjusted EBITDA was also aided by lower net 
unrealised foreign exchange translation losses on its USD 
denominated borrowings during the year. Excluding the 
impact of the foreign exchange translation, the Group 
registered a 19% increase in adjusted EBITDA. The Group 
registered net proﬁt of RM0.4 billion as compared to net 
loss of RM0.7 billion last year, representing a turnaround 
of RM1.0 billion. 
 
In Malaysia, Resorts World Genting (“RWG”) continued its 
recovery momentum as the Group swiftly adjusted its 
operations to meet evolving customer needs. All rooms 
in RWG’s inventory were available for sale with strong 
occupancy rates above 90%, while shows, events and 
concerts resumed at pre-pandemic frequencies. The 
Group placed emphasis on efﬁciently increasing 
capacity in response to the increase in demand, which 
involved not only ensuring sufﬁcient manpower, but also 
utilising technology and tools to support its operations. 
As we continue to lay the foundations to capitalise on the 
long-term growth trajectory in travel from the wider 
region, we will continue to employ data analytics to fuel 
more informed decision-making while effectively 
managing our costs to bolster operational resilience. We 
are also in the midst of upgrading our assets and 
developing new ecotourism attractions at the mid-hill, 
leveraging RWG’s unique location and surrounding rich 
biodiversity.  Continued investments in infrastructure 
enhancements at Genting Highlands will also be made 
to ensure the safety of visitors and the surrounding 
community.  
 
In the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Egypt, our Group 
performance remained resilient and proﬁtable with 
higher volume of business registered across our estate. 
Even so, we remain cognisant of the challenges implicit 
in the UK operating environment as economic 
headwinds and pressures on consumer discretionary 
expenditure persist. Nevertheless, the strategic changes 
implemented in previous years have been critical to the 
Group’s resilience. We will continue to explore plans to 
strengthen our ability to generate revenue and enhance 
our competitiveness, without compromising on customer 
experience. At the same time, emphasis will continue to 
be placed on proactively managing costs and driving 
operational efﬁciencies to further improve the overall 
performance of the Group’s operations. 
In the United States of America (“US”), Resorts World New 
York City (“RWNYC”) recorded strong operating 
performance across its gaming and non-gaming 
divisions, and maintained its position as the leading 
video gaming machine facility in New York State. The 
Group’s associate company, Empire Resorts, Inc. 
(“Empire”) also registered higher total gross gaming 
revenue, mainly attributable to the opening of Resorts 
World Hudson Valley. With an eye on the future, we 
remain focused on reinforcing our market position and 
expanding our presence in New York State to compete 
effectively in the northeast US region. We will continue to 
actively grow our customer database, whilst enhancing 
synergies between RWNYC and Empire’s assets to 
improve the overall returns of the Group’s US business. 
We are also closely monitoring developments 
surrounding the New York Gaming Facility Board’s 
Request for Application to solicit proposals for up to three 
commercial casinos in New York State.  
 
In The Bahamas, we are heartened by the progressive 
improvements to Resorts World Bimini’s operating 
performance, aided by the higher number of cruise calls 
and visitation. We will continue to build and deepen 
partnerships with international cruise operators to 
increase the number of port calls at the resort, in addition 
to intensifying our marketing efforts and promotional 
activities to grow footfall. Meanwhile, emphasis remains 
on ﬁscal disciplines and driving operational efﬁciencies 
to improve the proﬁtability of the Group’s operations.  
 
Against the backdrop of the Group’s improved ﬁnancial 
performance, the Board has declared a ﬁnal single-tier 
dividend of 9.0 sen per ordinary share. Together with the 
interim dividend of 6.0 sen per ordinary share, the Board 
has declared total dividend of 15.0 sen per ordinary 
share for FY2023. 
 
Our ongoing efforts in strengthening our business goes 
hand in hand with our unwavering commitment to being 
a responsible corporate citizen. We remain committed to 
our sustainability agenda, putting in place initiatives and 
measures that enable us to operate in a way that 
contributes to a better society, reduce our environmental 
footprint and deliver a sustainable business. The Group's 
sustainability strategy, initiatives, and targets are outlined 
in the Sustainability Overview section of this report and 
detailed in the 2023 Sustainability Report, which is 
available on the Group’s corporate website.

---- Page 7 ----
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
7 6 5 3 2 14
5
8Key Messages
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Looking ahead, the expansion of the global economy is 
projected to remain resilient but modest, as ongoing 
geopolitical tensions, uncertainties surrounding key 
monetary policies and inﬂationary pressures could 
continue weighing on global growth. In Malaysia, 
economic growth is expected to improve, supported by 
external demand and domestic expenditure. 
 
International tourism is expected to recover amid 
increased global air connectivity and a rebound in Asian 
markets. However, macroeconomic and geopolitical 
headwinds could continue posing challenges to the 
sustained recovery of global travel demand. The regional 
gaming market is expected to continue improving in line 
with the positive outlook for international tourism. While 
the Group remains cautious of the near-term outlook of 
the leisure and hospitality industry, the Group is positive 
in the longer-term.  
 
As we continue to make progress towards our long-term 
aspirations, the Board’s role in challenging and 
supporting corporate decision-making is critical, and we 
continue to place emphasis on ensuring that we keep 
pace with evolving topics that are central to our industry 
and organisation. Equally important to an effective Board 
is having the right mix of diversity, experience and 
backgrounds. On this note, I am pleased to welcome 
Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir to the Board, bringing with 
her over 25 years’ experience in ﬁnancial management, 
notably in ﬁnancial institutions and capital markets.  
 
Other changes to the Board over the past year include 
the resignation of Dato' Dr. Lee Bee Phang following her 
appointment as a member of the Election Commission 
of Malaysia. I would like to thank Dato' Dr. Lee for her 
contributions and wish her every success for the future. 
2023 was also marked by profound loss with the passing 
of Tan Sri Clifford Francis Herbert, who was an esteemed 
Board member and a dear friend. Tan Sri Clifford was 
known and respected for his achievements toward the 
development of Malaysia, and made invaluable 
contributions to the Group during his tenure as a 
member of the Board. His legacy will always be a part of 
the Group’s history and he will continue to be dearly 
missed. 
 
In closing, I would like to extend my gratitude and sincere 
thanks to my fellow Board members and all employees 
for their continued hard work and dedication in 
delivering the Group’s growth aspirations. My heartfelt 
appreciation also goes out to our valued customers, 
business associates, various regulatory authorities and 
stakeholders for their unwavering support and 
conﬁdence in the Group. As we look to the future, I am 
conﬁdent that we will continue building on our positive 
momentum and drive success together. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TAN SRI DATO’ SERI ALWI JANTAN 
Chairman 
8 March 2024


---- Page 8 ----
PENYATA
PENGERUSI
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
1 Mesej Utama2 3 5 6 74
6
8
Pemegang Saham yang dihormati, 
 
Komitmen untuk berevolusi, penyesuaian diri dan
 
berinovasi untuk terus cemerlang adalah tunggak utama 
kejayaan jangka-panjang Kumpulan kami. Kami telah 
melalui transformasi sejak bertahun-tahun lalu secara 
menyeluruh dengan pelaburan yang meluas dalam 
pelbagai bidang, didorong oleh usaha-usaha strategik. 
Usaha-usaha ini mencerminkan keperluan bagi Kumpulan 
untuk mengemudi persekitaran operasi yang dinamik di 
samping memberi nilai jangka panjang untuk pihak 
berkepentingan. 
 
Strategi utama Kumpulan adalah memberi tumpuan 
perkembangan secara mampan, keutamaan kepada 
para pengunjung, mewujudkan ruang untuk berinovasi 
serta pelaburan dalam pendigitalan. Kumpulan juga 
beroperasi dengan mencipta nilai pasukan kami, komuniti 
setempat dan juga planet keseluruhannya. 
 
Bagi pihak Lembaga Pengarah (“Lembaga”), saya 
membentangkan kepada anda Laporan Tahunan 
Bersepadu dan Penyata Kewangan Beraudit Genting 
Malaysia Berhad (“GENM”) dan kumpulan syarikat-
syarikatnya (“Kumpulan”) bagi tahun kewangan berakhir 
31 Disember 2023 (“TK2023”). 
 
Kumpulan mencapai prestasi yang kukuh dalam TK2023; 
jumlah hasil kumpulan meningkat sebanyak 18% kepada 
RM10.2 bilion, dan mencapai 98% tahap pra-pandemik 
2019. Pendapatan larasan keseluruhan sebelum faedah, 
cukai, susut nilai dan pelunasan ("EBITDA diselaraskan") 
juga meningkat sebanyak 24% kepada RM2.6 bilion, 
terutamanya didorong oleh volum perniagaan yang lebih 
tinggi. EBITDA diselaraskan Kumpulan juga dibantu oleh 
penurunan kerugian terjemahan pertukaran asing tidak 
direalisasi ke atas pinjaman dalam denominasi USD pada 
tahun tersebut. Tidak termasuk kesan terjemahan 
pertukaran asing, Kumpulan mencatatkan peningkatan 
19% dalam EBITDA diselaraskan. Kumpulan mencatatkan 
keuntungan bersih sebanyak RM0.4 bilion berbanding 
kerugian bersih sebanyak RM0.7 bilion pada tahun lepas, 
mewakili pemulihan sebanyak RM1.0 bilion. 
 
Di Malaysia, Resorts World Genting (“RWG”) meneruskan 
momentum pemulihannya selaras dengan kelajuan 
Kumpulan menyesuaikan operasinya bagi memenuhi 
keperluan pelanggan yang  semakin berkembang. Semua 
bilik di RWG sedia dipasarkan dan kadar purata 
penghunian melebihi 90%. Jumlah acara, persembahan 
dan konsert di RWG juga pulih ke tahap pra-pandemik. 
Kumpulan kami juga memberi penekanan dalam 
kecekapan kapasiti operasi bagi memenuhi permintaan 
para pelanggan yang mendadak. Dengan itu, kami 
memastikan tenaga kerja yang mencukupi dan 
penggunaan teknologi digital, termasuk alat analisis data 
untuk menyokong operasi kami.  
 
 
Dalam meletakkan dasar bagi memanfaatkan trajektori 
pertumbuhan jangka panjang dalam pelancongan dari 
negara serantau, kami akan terus menggunakan analisis 
data dalam membuat keputusan sambil memantau kos 
pengurusan yang lebih berkesan untuk meningkatkan 
daya tahan operasi Kumpulan. 
 
Penaiktarafan kemudahan sedia ada serta 
pembangunan tarikan ekopelancongan di kawasan 
pertengahan bukit sedang berjalan dengan lancar, 
bertujuan untuk meningkatkan keunikan pergunungan 
sekitar RWG yang serba indah dan kaya dengan 
biodiversiti. Pelaburan untuk menambahbaik infrastruktur 
Genting Highlands akan diteruskan bagi memastikan 
keselamatan para pengunjung dan komuniti sekitarnya. 
 
Di United Kingdom (“UK”) dan Mesir, prestasi Kumpulan 
kekal berdaya tahan dan mendaftar keuntungan, 
didorong oleh pencapaian volum perniagaan yang lebih 
tinggi di seluruh hartanah keriadah kami. Walaupun 
begitu, kami tetap memantau cabaran yang tersirat 
dalam persekitaran operasi UK disebabkan oleh tekanan 
ekonomi dan kelembapan perbelanjaan konsumer yang 
berterusan. Namun begitu, perubahan strategik yang 
dilaksanakan pada tahun-tahun sebelumnya adalah 
kritikal dalam pengukuhan daya tahan Kumpulan. Kami 
akan terus meneroka perancanganan untuk 
mengukuhkan keupayaan kami dalam usaha menjana 
pendapatan dan meningkatkan daya persaingan kami, 
tanpa menjejaskan pengalaman pelanggan. Pada masa 
yang sama, penekanan akan terus diberikan kepada 
pengurusan kos secara proaktif dan memacu kecekapan 
operasi untuk meningkatkan lagi prestasi keseluruhan 
operasi Kumpulan. 
 
Di Amerika Syarikat (“AS”), Resorts World New York City 
(“RWNYC”) mencatatkan prestasi operasi yang kukuh 
dalam bahagian perjudian serta riadah dan hospitaliti, 
dan mengekalkan kedudukannya sebagai pengendali 
perjudian elektronic terkemuka di Negeri New York. Syarikat 
sekutunya Kumpulan, Empire Resorts, Inc. (“Empire”) juga 
mencatatkan jumlah hasil perjudian kasar yang lebih 
tinggi, terutamanya didorong oleh pembukaan Resorts 
World Hudson Valley. Memandang ke masa depan, kami 
kekal fokus untuk mengukuhkan kedudukan pasaran kami 
dan memperluaskan kehadiran kami di Negeri New York 
State untuk bersaing dengan berkesan di rantau timur laut 
AS. Kami akan terus mengembangkan pangkalan data 
pelanggan kami secara aktif, sambil meningkatkan sinergi 
antara RWNYC dan aset Empire untuk meningkatkan 
pulangan keseluruhan perniagaan AS Kumpulan. Kami 
juga memantau dengan teliti perkembangan berkenaan 
‘New York Gaming Facility Board’ untuk mendapatkan 
cadangan-cadangan sebanyak tiga kasino komersial di 
Negeri New York. 

---- Page 9 ----
PENYATA PENGERUSI
7 6 5 3 2 14
7
8Mesej Utama
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Di Bahamas, Resorts World Bimini telah mencatat 
peningkatan prestasi operasi yang menggalakkan, 
dibantu oleh peningkatan jumlah pelabuhan kapal 
pelayaran dan para pengunjung. Kami akan terus 
membina dan bekerjasama dengan para pengendali 
kapal persiaran untuk meningkatkan jumlah pelabuhan, 
di samping mempergiatkan usaha pemasaran serta 
aktiviti promosi bagi meningkatkan jumlah pengunjung.. 
Sementara itu, kami akan terus menekankan disiplin ﬁskal 
dan memacu kecekapan operasi bagi meningkatkan 
keuntungan operasi Kumpulan. 
 
Memandang peningkatan prestasi kewangan Kumpulan, 
Lembaga Pengarah telah mengisytiharkan dividen akhir 
satu peringkat sebanyak 9.0 sen sesaham biasa. Bersama 
dengan dividen interim sebanyak 6.0 sen sesaham biasa, 
Lembaga Pengarah telah mengisytiharkan jumlah dividen 
keseluruhan sebanyak 15.0 sen sesaham biasa untuk 
TK2023. 
 
Usaha berterusan dalam memperkukuh perniagaan kami 
seiring dengan komitmen Kumpulan sebagai warga 
korporat yang bertanggungjawab. Kami terus memantau 
agenda kelestarian Kumpulan dengan rapi, di samping 
melaksanakan inisiatif serta langkah yang membolehkan 
kami beroperasi dengan memberi sumbangan kepada 
masyarakat, mengurangkan jejak alam sekitar dan 
menjalankan perniagaan yang mampan. Strategi, 
prestasi, dasar dan program kelestarian Kumpulan 
dinyatakan dalam penyata kelestarian laporan ini dan 
diperincikan dalam Laporan Kelestarian 2023, yang boleh 
didapati di laman web korporat Kumpulan. 
 
Memandang ke hadapan, pengembangan ekonomi 
global dijangka kekal teguh tetapi sederhana, 
ketegangan geopolitik yang berterusan, ketidakpastian 
mengenai dasar monetari utama, dan tekanan inﬂasi 
boleh terus menjejaskan pertumbuhan global. Di 
Malaysia, pertumbuhan ekonomi dijangka akan 
bertambah baik, disokong oleh permintaan luaran dan 
perbelanjaan domestik. 
 
Pelancongan antarabangsa dijangka akan berpulih 
dengan peningkatan sambungan udara global dan 
pemulihan dalam pasaran Asia. Walau bagaimanapun, 
masalah makroekonomi dan geopolitik boleh terus 
menimbulkan cabaran kepada pemulihan permintaan 
perjalanan global yang berterusan. Pasaran perjudian 
serantau dijangka terus bertambah baik sejajar dengan 
prospek positif pelancongan antarabangsa. Walaupun 
Kumpulan tetap berhati-hati dengan prospek jangka 
pendek industri riadah dan hospitaliti, Kumpulan 
berpandangan positif terhadap prospek jangka masa 
yang lebih panjang.
Sambil kami terus membuat kemajuan ke arah aspirasi 
jangka panjang kami, peranan Lembaga Pengarah 
dalam mencabar dan menyokong pembuatan 
keputusan korporat adalah kritikal. Kami akan terus 
memberi penekanan bagi memastikan ahli-ahli Lembaga 
Pengarah sentiasa mengikuti perkembangan topik yang 
menjadi teras kepada industri dan organisasi kami. 
Lembaga Pengarah yang berkesan juga perlu 
mempunyai gabungan kepelbagaian, pengalaman dan 
latar belakang yang sesuai. Sehubungan dengan itu, 
saya berbesar hati mengalu-alukan Puan Norazilla binti 
Md Tahir ke Lembaga Pengarah Genting Malaysia. Puan 
Norazilla mempunyai pengalaman melebihi 25 tahun 
dalam pengurusan kewangan, terutamanya dalam 
institusi kewangan dan pasaran modal. 
 
Perubahan dalam ahli Lembaga Pengarah pada tahun 
2023 termasuk perletakan jawatan Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee 
Phang, ahli Lembaga Pengarah Genting Malaysia 
berikutan pelantikan beliau sebagai ahli Suruhanjaya 
Pilihan Raya Malaysia. Dengan ini, saya ingin 
mengucapkan terima kasih kepada Dato' Dr. Lee atas 
sumbangan beliau dan mendoakan kejayaan beliau 
untuk masa hadapan. 
 
Pada tahun 2023 juga, pemergian Tan Sri Clifford Francis 
Herbert, yang merupakan ahli Lembaga Pengarah yang 
dihormati dan sahabat yang dikasihi memberi kesan yang 
amat mendalam. Mendiang Tan Sri Clifford amat 
dihormati dan beliau terkenal dalam pencapaian 
pembangunan Malaysia. Beliau juga telah memberi 
sumbangan yang amat bernilai kepada Kumpulan 
sewaktu beliau berkhidmat sebagai ahli Lembaga 
Pengarah. Legasi beliau akan sentiasa menjadi 
sebahagian daripada sejarah Kumpulan dan beliau akan 
terus dirindui. 
 
Sebagai penutup, saya ingin mengucapkan ribuan terima 
kasih kepada ahli Lembaga dan semua pekerja atas 
usaha keras dan dedikasi mereka yang berterusan dalam 
mencapai aspirasi pertumbuhan Kumpulan. 
Penghargaan yang mendalam juga saya persembahkan 
kepada pelanggan yang dihargai, rakan kongsi 
perniagaan, pelbagai pihak berkuasa kawal selia dan 
pihak berkepentingan atas sokongan dan keyakinan 
mereka yang tidak berbelah bahagi terhadap Kumpulan. 
Sambil memandang masa hadapan, saya yakin bahawa 
kita akan terus membina momentum positif kita dan 
mencapai kejayaan bersama-sama. 
 
 
 
 
 
TAN SRI DATO’ SERI ALWI JANTAN 
Pengerusi 
8 Mac 2024

---- Page 10 ----
敬爱的股东们， 
 
本集团长期成功的关键在于我们致力于与时并进、以变应变并追求创新，从而能够不断进步。多年来，我们在策略推动下，
通过全方位投资实现业务转型，有关策略反映出在瞬息万变的经营环境中为利益相关者创造长期价值所需具备的条件。我们
的策略重点在于确保业务可持续增长，优先考虑宾客最看重的事情，在投资数码化的同时为革新营造空间，并以培育员工、
社区和地球的方式营运。 
 
谨此代表董事会（简称“
董事会”）向您提呈云顶马来西亚有限公司（简称“GENM”）及集团成员公司（统称“集团”）截至 
2023 年12 月 31 日财政年度（简称“2023 财年”）的综合年度报告和经审核的财务报表。 
 
本集团在这一年的业绩表现稳健，集团总营收增长 18% 至 102 亿令吉，达到 2019 年疫情前水平的 98%。经调整的利息、税务
、折旧及摊销前盈利（简称“经调整 EBITDA”）受到业务量增加的推动也同样增长 24%，达到 26 亿令吉。集团经调整 
EBITDA，也受惠于年内美元计价借款的未实现净外汇折算损失减少。排除外汇折算的影响，集团的经调整 EBITDA 增长 
19%。此外，集团在 2023 财年录得净利 4 亿令吉，相比于 2022 财年的净亏损 7 亿令吉，转亏为盈的幅度达 10 亿令吉。  
 
在马来西亚，云顶世界（简称“RWG”）在集团迅速调整其业务以满足不断演变的客户需求的努力下，继续保持其复苏动力。
RWG 所有客房存量都可供销售，入住率高达 90% 以上，而娱乐表演、盛事活动和音乐会也恢复到疫情前的频率。集团注重
有效提高运营能力，以应对需求增长，这不仅需要充足的人力资源，也包括善用数码化科技和工具以支持其营运。在继续奠
定基础，以善用来自更广泛地区旅游的长期增长轨迹之际，我们将继续采用数据分析技术以做出更明智的决策，同时有效管
理成本，以增强营运韧性。除此之外，我们还在善用 RWG 独特的地理位置和周边丰富的生物多样性来升级资产，并在半山
开发新的生态旅游景点。我们还将继续投资云顶高原的基础设施强化工程，以确保游客和周边社区的安全。  
 
在英国和埃及，集团的业绩依然坚韧和具盈利能力，各项产业的业务量均有所增长。尽管如此，我们仍意识到英国营运环境
所隐含的挑战，因为经济逆风和消费者可自由支配支出仍面对压力。然而，前几年实施的策略变革，有助于集团的韧性。我
们将继续探索在不影响客户体验的前提下，增强创造收入能力以及提高竞争力。同时，我们将继续重视成本管理和营运效率
的提高，以进一步改善集团的整体营运表现。 
 
在美国，纽约市云顶世界(简称“RWNYC”)的博彩和非博彩部门均有强劲的营运业绩，稳坐其纽约州首屈一指视频博彩机设施
的地位。集团联号公司 Empire Resorts, Inc. (简称“Empire”)的博彩总营收也有所增长，这主要归功于哈德逊河谷云顶世界（简
称“RWHV”）的开业。展望未来，我们将专注于巩固在纽约州的市场地位，扩大在纽约州的业务，以便在美国东北部地区进
行有效竞争。我们将继续积极发展客户数据库，同时加强 RWNYC 与 Empire 资产之间的协同效应，以提高集团美国业务的
整体回报。我们也在密切关注纽约博彩设施委员会的申请要求，该委员会正在为纽约州最多三个商业赌场征求提案。 
 
在巴哈马，邮轮停靠次数和游客数量的增加使得比米尼云顶世界（简称 "RW Bimini"）的经营业绩逐步改善，令人深感振奋
。我们将继续与国际邮轮营运商建立并深化合作关系，增加度假村的靠港次数，并加大市场推广力度和促销活动，以增加客
流量。与此同时，我们将继续强调财务纪律和提高营运效率，以改善集团营运的盈利能力。 
 
在集团财务业绩改善的背景下，董事会宣布派发每股普通股 9.0 仙的末期单层股息。 连同每股普通股 6.0 仙的中期股息，2023
财年每普通股的股息共高达 15.0 仙。 
 
我们在不断努力增强业务时，也致力于成为负责任的企业公民。我们将继续密切关注可持续发展议程，采取各种举措和措施
，使我们的经营方式能够为建设更美好的社会作出贡献，减少对环境的影响，实现业务的可持续发展。本报告的“可持续发展
概述”部分概述了集团的可持续发展策略、举措和目标，并在 2023 年可持续发展报告中进行了详细说明，该报告可在集团公
司网站上查阅。 
 
展望未来，由于地缘政治局势持续紧张、围绕主要货币政策的不确定性以及通胀压力可能继续对全球经济带来压力，预计导
致全球经济的扩张保持弹性，但幅度不大。在外部需求和国内支出的支持下，马来西亚的经济增长预计将有所改善。
主席文告
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
1 关键信息2 3 5 6 74
8
8

---- Page 11 ----
 
 
随着全球航空提高连通性和亚洲市场反弹，国际旅游业将有望复苏。然而，宏观经济和地缘政治的不利因素可能继续对全球
旅游需求的持续复苏构成挑战。随着国际旅游业前景走俏，区域博彩市场预计将继续改善。虽然集团对休闲和酒店业的近期
前景保持谨慎，但对长期前景持乐观态度。  
 
随着我们在实现长期愿景方面的进展，董事会在挑战和支持公司决策方面扮演至关重要角色，我们将继续确保我们能紧跟对
行业和集团至关重要的不断演变的课题。与维持高成效的董事会同样重要的是多元化、经验和背景的组合。在这一点上，我
欣然欢迎 Norazilla binti Md Tahir女士加入董事会。她拥有超过 25 年的金融管理经验，尤其是在金融机构和资本市场具备丰
富经验。 
 
过去一年的董事会变动包括拿督李美香博士受委为选举委会员成员后辞职。我衷心感谢她所作的贡献，并祝愿她未来一切顺
利。2023 年也因丹斯里 Clifford Francis Herbert 的逝世而遭受了巨大的损失。他是一位受人尊敬的董事会成员， 也是我们的
挚友。他因为在发展马来西亚的成就而闻名并备受尊敬，在担任董事会成员期间亦为集团作出宝贵贡献。他将永远在本集团
历史上留名，我们将继续深切怀念他。  
 
最后，我要向董事会成员和全体员工表示感激和诚挚谢意，感谢他们不懈努力与献身精神，助实现集团的发展宏愿。我亦衷
心感谢尊贵的客户、业务伙伴、各监管机构和利益相关者坚定支持和信任本集团。展望未来，我深信我们将继续保持良好的
发展势头，携手共创佳绩。 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
丹斯里拿督斯里ALWI JANTAN 
主席 
2024年3月8日 
 
主席文告
7 6 5 3 2 14
9
8关键信息
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad

---- Page 12 ----
WHO WE ARE
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
1 About Genting Malaysia2 3 5 6 74
10
8
SUSTAINED GROWTH
Vision
To be the leading integrated resort operator in the world.
Mission
We are committed to providing the most delightful and memorable experiences to our 
customers. We aim to generate sustainable growth and proﬁts, and to consistently enhance our 
stakeholders’ value.
HARD WORK   •    HONESTY   •   HARMONY   •   LOYALTY   •   COMPASSION 
 
Genting Malaysia is a member of the Genting Group, a globally diversiﬁed conglomerate which has been in the business of 
creating growth since its founding in 1965. Genting Malaysia’s Resorts World Genting is the ﬁrst and ﬂagship leisure property 
of the Genting Group, which started as a single hotel with 200 rooms in 1971 and has transformed into an award-winning 
integrated resort with about 10,500 hotel rooms and offering a myriad of world-class leisure and entertainment attractions.  
 
Genting Malaysia’s purpose will always be to uncover and nurture value where it is found. Value beyond proﬁts is instilled in 
the Genting ethos and we seek to create, cascade, and share the positive outcomes of our operations with the people 
connected to us. This extends to wherever our businesses operate, from our home base in Malaysia and beyond. 
 
We acknowledge that business operations will consume resources and we proactively seek and engage sustainable solutions 
to do better for the planet and its people. 
 
Our dedication for sustainability extends beyond business practices and is focused towards nurturing a thriving ecosystem 
that beneﬁts all our stakeholders, as we aspire to create a culture of inclusive and sustained growth.
VALUING
FOR ALL 


---- Page 13 ----
About Genting Malaysia
WHO WE ARE
7 6 5 32 14
11
8
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
GENM at a 
Glance
CORPORATE PROFILE 
 
Resorts World Sdn Bhd, a private company limited by shares, was incorporated on 7 May 1980 under 
the Companies Act 1965. Upon conversion into a public company in 1989, its name was changed to 
Resorts World Bhd (1989 – 2009), and subsequently Genting Malaysia Berhad (“Genting Malaysia”). In 
1989, Genting Berhad and Genting Malaysia underwent a restructuring exercise, which resulted in 
Genting Malaysia acquiring from Genting Berhad its entire gaming, hotel and resort-related operations, 
inclusive of goodwill and other relevant assets.  
 
Genting Malaysia’s shares have been traded on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia since its listing on 
22 December 1989. Genting Malaysia is one of Malaysia's largest multinational corporations and has 
market capitalisation of RM15 billion as at 31 December 2023. 
 
Under the visionary leadership of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay, Genting Malaysia has not only solidiﬁed the Resorts 
World brand as a leader in the global leisure and hospitality industry but also demonstrated signiﬁcant 
inﬂuence across multiple continents. The Group owns and operates major integrated resort properties, 
showcasing a remarkable portfolio that includes Resorts World Genting (“RWG”) in Malaysia, Resorts 
World New York City (“RWNYC”), Resorts World Catskills ("RW Catskills"), and Resorts World Hudson Valley 
(“RW Hudson Valley”) (the latter two properties which are 49%-owned via an associate company) in the 
United States of America (“US”), Resorts World Bimini (“RW Bimini”) in The Bahamas, Resorts World 
Birmingham (“RW Birmingham”), and over 30 casinos in the United Kingdom (“UK”), along with 
Crockfords Cairo in Egypt.  
 
Genting Malaysia also owns and operates two seaside resorts in Malaysia, namely Resorts World Kijal 
(“RW Kijal”) in Terengganu and Resorts World Langkawi (“RW Langkawi”) on Langkawi Island. This 
extensive portfolio reﬂects the Group's commitment to excellence and innovation in delivering world-
class leisure and entertainment experiences. 
 
Malaysia Operations:  
 
The Genting Group was founded in Malaysia in 1965 when its Founder, the late Tan Sri Lim Goh Tong, 
started the journey to realise his vision of building a mountaintop resort in Malaysia. This idea culminated 
into the progressive expansion of RWG, the Genting Group's ﬂagship property, since the 
commencement of its operations 1971.   
 
Today, RWG is a premier integrated resort destination that boasts 10,500 rooms spanning seven distinct 
hotels, featuring diverse leisure and entertainment facilities, including gaming, theme park and 
amusement attractions, dining and retail outlets, as well as international shows and business convention 
facilities. Adding to its allure, Genting Highlands Premium Outlets, a collaborative venture with Simon 
Property Group, ﬁrmly establishes RWG as a leading regional leisure and entertainment hub. The mid-
hill gem, Resorts World Awana ("RW Awana"), complements this extensive premium offering with its 
natural greenery, mountainous golf course, trekking trails, and proximity to key attractions, further 
enhancing RWG's standing in the leisure and entertainment landscape. 
 
United Kingdom ("UK") and Egypt Operations:  
 
Internationally, Genting Malaysia marks its presence signiﬁcantly in the UK and Egypt. In the UK, it owns 
and operates over 30 casinos, along with RW Birmingham, the ﬁrst integrated leisure complex of its kind 
in the UK, offering gaming and entertainment facilities, retail and dining outlets, and a 182-room four-
star hotel.  
 
Venturing into Egypt, the Group introduced Crockfords Cairo, an exclusive casino nestled within the 
posh surroundings of The Nile Ritz-Carlton Hotel. These establishments underline Genting Malaysia’s 
versatility and adaptability in the international leisure and hospitality arena. 
 
United States of America ("US") and Bahamas Operations:  
 
In the US, Genting Malaysia has established a signiﬁcant presence with diverse ventures. RWNYC, the 
ﬁrst and only casino-hotel in New York City, houses over 6,500 slots and electronic table games, 
numerous casual and ﬁne dining restaurants, a multipurpose entertainment and event space, as well 
as the Hyatt Regency JFK Airport at RWNYC hotel. RW Catskills, which offers an enticing all-season 
entertainment experience, features live Las-Vegas style table games, slot machines, a sportsbook 
lounge,  over 400 rooms across two hotels, bars and restaurants, the RW Epicenter multipurpose venue, 
meeting and conference spaces, a golf course, and other resort amenities. RW Hudson Valley, the 
newest casino in New York State, is a gaming and entertainment hub featuring 1,200 slots and electronic 
table games. In Miami, the Group owns the 527-room Hilton Miami Downtown, situated on 30 acres of 
prime freehold waterfront land. 

---- Page 14 ----
GROUP CORPORATE
STRUCTURE
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
1 About Genting Malaysia2 3 5 6 74
12
8
100%
Resorts Sdn Bhd
First World Hotels &
100%
Course Bhd
100%
Sdn Bhd
100%
Papago Sdn Bhd
Genting Golf
Widuri Pelangi
UNITED STATES 
& THE BAHAMASMALAYSIA
LEISURE
&
HOSPITALITY
PROPERTY
100%
LLC
Genting New York
100%
Resorts World
Omni LLC
78%
BB Entertainment
Ltd
49%
Genting Empire
Resorts LLC
100%
100%
Miami LLC
Oakwood 
Sdn Bhd
Resorts World 
UNITED 
KINGDOM
100%
Genting Casinos UK
Limited
100%
Genting Solihull
Limited
 
GENTING MALAYSIA BERHAD
Registration No. 198001004236 (58019-U)
and its Principal Subsidiaries and Associate,
as at 21 March 2024

---- Page 15 ----
OUR GLOBAL 
PRESENCE
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78About Genting Malaysia 6 5 3 2 14
13
es
at
ed St
Unit
Bahamas
Number of Visitors
FY2023: 7.2 million
(FY2022: 6.6 million)
Workforce Strength
FY2023: 2,882 employees
(FY2022: 3,382 employees)
Number of Visitors
FY2023: 0.7 million
(FY2022: 0.4 million)
Workforce Strength
FY2023: 454 employees
(FY2022: 463 employees)
ed Kingdom and Egyp
Unit
ysia
Mala
pt
Number of Visitors
FY2023: 24.9 million
(FY2022: 22.2 million)
Workforce Strength
FY2023: 10,068 employees
(FY2022: 8,556 employees)
gg
Number of Visitors
FY2023: 2.7 million 
(FY2022: 2.4 million)
Workforce Strength
FY2023: 2,970 employees
(FY2022: 2,897 employees)
UK
Bahamas
US
 gypEgypt
aaas ayyMalaysia
Our operations spanning across Malaysia, the UK and Egypt, the US and The Bahamas 
generate signiﬁcant economic value every year that eventually translates into social 
value which serves the communities we operate in.

---- Page 16 ----
KEY 
HIGHLIGHTS
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
1 About Genting Malaysia2 3 5 6 74
14
8
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
1. Resorts World Genting was the venue of choice for the 
Olave Baden – Powell Society (OB-PS) Malaysia 
Conference 2023, which supports the Mission of the 
World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts 
(WAGGGS) to empower young women globally.  
In support of this initiative, key representatives from 
Genting Malaysia were in attendance, including Tan Sri 
Lim Kok Thay. The event was also graced by His Majesty 
the Yang di-Pertuan Agong XVI Al-Sultan Abdullah 
Ri'ayatuddin Al-Mustafa Billah Shah, King of Malaysia 
and HRH Princess Benedikte of Denmark, as well as other 
dignitaries, with over 300 attendees from 18 countries.  
 
2. Crockfords at Resorts World Genting has been awarded 
the Forbes Travel Guide 5 Star for the ﬁfth consecutive 
year (2019-2023), maintaining its status as Malaysia's 
only hotel with this distinction and solidifying its 
reputation for luxury and exceptional guest experience. 
 
3. Resorts World Catskills celebrated the grand re-opening 
of its Monster golf club, marking a milestone moment as 
it completes the the Group's vision for the resort. The 
USD40-million redesign of the golf club caters to all skill 
levels, with extensive features and varied tees.
4. Crockfords at Resorts World Genting triumphed at the 
HAPA Awards Malaysia Series 2023-2024, securing both 
The Award of Excellence and a place among 
Malaysia’s Top 20 Service Excellence Establishments 
and Best 30 Hotels & Resorts. 
 
5. Resorts World Genting ofﬁcially launched the “Welcome 
to My World” campaign, designed to showcase the 
broad array of integrated offerings at RWG, from 
gaming, theme park, shows and events, to various 
eclectic culinary experiences and ecotourism 
adventures. In the true spirit of inclusivity, the “Welcome 
to My World” campaign debuted with a star-studded 
music video featuring a diverse cast of talented 
Malaysian artists. 
 
6. Genting Malaysia hosted the Employee Appreciation 
Nite 2023 to honour the dedication and loyalty of its 
long-serving employees. The evening's highlight was the 
recognition of Resorts World Genting's most tenured 
employee, who contributed 45 years of service to the 
company. Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay proudly presented the 
award, acknowledging the recipient's unwavering 
commitment and tireless efforts. This event underscores 
Genting Malaysia's commitment to valuing and 
appreciating its workforce, highlighting the importance 
of employee engagement and retention in fostering a 
positive corporate culture. 
1
2
3 6
4
5

---- Page 17 ----
Zero fatalities at our leisure and 
hospitality properties worldwide
Over 90% of purchases spent on 
local procurement in Malaysia, 
UK and Egypt, totalling  
RM1.9 billion
Gaming operations in Malaysia 
and the UK have responsible 
gaming accreditation
We employ about 16,000 locals 
globally, representing 98% of the 
Group’s total workforce
Active biodiversity and 
conservation programme in 
Malaysia, maintaining 
approximately 10,000 acres of 
our land bank in Genting 
Highlands
Constituent of FTSE4Good Bursa 
Malaysia Index since June 2018
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
KEY HIGHLIGHTS 
7 6 5 3 2 14
15
8About Genting Malaysia
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad

---- Page 18 ----
KEY HIGHLIGHTS 
1 2 3 5 6 74
16
About Genting Malaysia8
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
10,407
4,529
8,603
4,157
10,189
REVENUE (RM’million) NET DIVIDEND PER SHARE (sen)
2023 GENTING MALAYSIA BERHAD SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE RELATIVE TO FTSE BURSA MALAYSIA KLCI
ADJUSTED EBITDA * (RM’million)
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023*
20.00
14.50
9.00
15.00
15.00
2019
2020
2021
2022
2,641
727
2,632
2,117
140.0
120.0
100.0
80.0
60.0
JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUN JULY AUG SEP OCT NOV DEC
Genting Malaysia Berhad 
Source - Bloomberg
FTSE Bursa Malaysia KLCI
Month
All ﬁgures are in Ringgit Malaysia
Normalised data
(rebased to 100)
RM12.8 billion
2022: RM12.6 billion 
SHAREHOLDERS’
EQUITY
RM15.2 BILLION
As at 31 December 2023
MARKET 
CAPITALISATION
RM10.2 billion
2022: RM8.6 billion
REVENUE
RM0.4 billion
2022: (RM0.7 billion)
NET PROFIT/ (LOSS)
RM2.6 billion
2022: RM2.1 billion 
ADJUSTED EBITDA
RM29.1 billion
2022: RM28.6 billion 
TOTAL ASSETS 
EMPLOYED
Earnings before interest, taxes
depreciation and amortisation
* Comprised of interim and ﬁnal
single-tier dividends of 6.0 and
9.0 sen per ordinary share,
respectively
* 
2023
350
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

---- Page 19 ----
World Travel Awards 2023 
Resor
ts World Genting - Malaysia’s Leading Resort 
 
Golden Horse Awards 2023 by Malaysia Association of 
Theme P
ark and Family Attractions  
T
an Sri Lim Kok Thay, Chairman of Genting Group - Lifetime 
Achievement Award 
Genting SkyWorlds Theme Park - Theme Park of the Year, Best 
Festivities Experience & Entertainers of the Year 
 
CBS IBM Power Server Successful Project Awards 2023  
Genting Mala
ysia Berhad - Winner  
 
Malaysia Tourism Quality Assurance (MyTQA) by the 
Ministr
y of Tourism, Arts and Culture  
Genting Sk
yWorlds - Platinum Class 
 
2023 Forbes Travel Guide Star Ratings by Forbes Travel 
Guide 
Cr
ockfords Hotel - Five-Star Award 
Genting Grand - Four-Star Award 
Highlands Hotel - Recommended  
 
Trusted Brands Award 2023 Malaysia by Reader’s Digest 
Resor
ts World Genting Theme Parks - Gold Award for  
Family Theme Park 
 
The BrandLaureate Best Brands Award 2023  
Sk
yAvenue - Lifestyle Mall  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Parent’s Choice Awards 2023 by Parenthood Magazine 
Sk
ytropolis Indoor Theme Park - Best Indoor Family Attraction 
 
Agency of the Year And Markies by Marketing Interactive 
(W
elcome To My World Campaign) 
Resor
ts World Genting - Most Effective Use- Specific Audience 
(Gold Winner)  
 
Marketing Excellence Award 2023 by Marketing Interactive 
(W
elcome To My World Campaign) 
Resor
ts World Genting  
• Excellence in Communications Public Relations  
  (Gold winner) 
• Excellence in Launch Marketing (Silver winner) 
• Excellence in Marketing Transformation (Silver winner) 
 
2023 Dragons of Asia by Marketing Magazine (Welcome To 
My W
orld Campaign) 
Resor
ts World Genting - Best Entertainment Campaign 
(Bronze)  
 
2023 Dr
agons of Malaysia by Marketing Magazine 
(Welcome To My World Campaign) 
Resor
ts World Genting - Best Entertainment Campaign (Gold) 
 
Best of Gaming by Casino Player magazine 
Resorts World Catskills - Best Video Slots and Best Video Poker 
 
Boaters' Choice Awards 2023 by Marinas.com 
Resorts World Bimini - Boat ers' Choice Award Winners 
 
About Genting Malaysia
AWARDS &
ACCOLADES
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78 6 5 3 2 14
17
7 6 5 3 2 148
Golden Horse Awards 2023 by Malaysia Association of 
Theme Park and Family Attractions
Agency of the Year And Markies Award by Marketing 
Interactive CBS IBM Power Server Successful Project Awards 2023
Malaysia’s 100 Leading Graduate Employers by GTI Media

---- Page 20 ----
AWARDS & ACCOLADES
1 2 3 5 6 74
18
About Genting Malaysia8
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
HAPA Awards Malaysia Series 2023-2024 by HAPA Group and 
T
aylor’s University 
• Cr ockfords: The Award of Excellence - 5 Star International 
Recognition (Malaysia's 20 Service Excellence 
Establishments) 
• Crockfords & Genting Grand: 5-Star Hotel (Malaysia’s Best 
30 Hotels & Resorts) 
• Genting Grand: Hospitality & Tourism Awards - 5 Star Hotel 
(Malaysia’s 20 Service Excellence Establishment) 
• Crockfords Club: Casual Dining Restaurant (Malaysia’s Best 
20 Service Excellence Establishments) 
• Genting SkyWorlds: Theme Park/Water Park/Themed 
Attraction (Malaysia’s Best 20 Tourism Destinations & Tourist 
Attractions) 
• Resorts World Awana: Eco Green Activities (Malaysia’s Best 
20 Tourism Destinations & Tourist Attractions)  
• Chef Oliver Lopez: HAPA Special Recognition (Culinary 
Achievement Award) 
• Chef Jimmy Poh: Chef of the Year - King of Asian Cuisine 
(F&B & Culinary Awards ~ Malaysia’s Best 30 Chefs) 
• Chef Jacky Yap:  Chef of the Year - King of Asian Cuisine 
(F&B & Culinary Awards ~ Malaysia’s Best 30 Chefs) 
• Chef Teo Kheng Soon: Chef of the Year - King of Western 
Cuisine (F&B & Culinary Awards ~ Malaysia’s Best 30 Chefs) 
• Chef Casey Lim: Executive Chef of the Year - King of 
Kitchens (F&B & Culinary Awards ~ Malaysia’s Best 30 
Chefs) 
• Wolfgang's Steakhouse: Fine Dining Restaurant (Malaysia’s 
Best 20 Service Excellence Establishments)  
• Wolfgang's Steakhouse: American Cuisine (Malaysia’s Best 
30 Restaurants) 
• Burger & Lobster: Restaurant of the Year - Casual Dining 
(Malaysia’s Best 30 Restaurants) 
• Bucks Café: Cafe (Hotel/Resort) (Malaysia’s Best 20 Cafes)  
• Ayu Awana (Resorts World Awana): Casual Dining 
(Malaysia’s Best 30 Restaurants) 
• Zouk Club: Bar (Hotel/Resort) (Malaysia’s Best 20 Bars) 
• 360 Bar: Bar (Hotel/Resort) (Malaysia’s Best 20 Bars)
HAPA Awards Malaysia Series 2023-2024 by HAPA Group 
and Taylor’s University
2023 Forbes Travel Guide Star Ratings by Forbes Travel Guide
Asiamoney – Asia’s Outstanding Companies Poll 2023 
• A
warded "Most Outstanding Company in Malaysia – 
Casino & Gaming Sector" at the 2023 Asiamoney Asia’s 
Outstanding Companies Poll. 
• Recognized for exceptional ﬁnancial performance, 
management excellence, investor relations, and CSR 
initiatives. 
 
Malaysia’s 100 Leading Graduate Employers By GTI Media 
•Genting Mala ysia was honored with the "Graduate 
Employer of the Year" award in the Leisure, Travel & 
Hospitality sector and ranked among the Top 16 Most 
Popular Graduate Recruiters of 2023. 
 
27th Inn Keys Awards 2023 
•Genting Mala ysia's Hilton Miami Downtown received the 
Hotel Employee Relations Achievement Award at the 27th 
Inn Keys Awards 2023 by the GMBHA, highlighting its 
exceptional commitment to employee relations among a 
competitive ﬁeld of local hotel nominations. 
Sustainability Awards
Accreditations
Responsible Gaming 
 
 
 
 
 
•Resorts World Genting completed and attained the RG 
accreditation from the Responsible Gambling Council of 
Canada, one of most comprehensive and stringent RG 
accreditation programmes globally. 
 
FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index 
 
 
 
 
 
• Constituent of the FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index since 
June 2018. 
• The FTSE4Good Index Series is a global responsible 
investment index designed to measure the performance 
of companies demonstrating strong ESG practices. 
 
GamCare Accreditation 
• Genting UK has GamCare Accreditation which is awarded 
to operators who, following assessment, have 
demonstrated high levels of player protection and meet 
the GamCare Player Protection Codes of Practice.


---- Page 21 ----
MANAGEMENT & CORPORATE
INFORMATION
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78About Genting Malaysia 6 5 3 2 14
19
GROUP SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
 
MALAYSIA MANAGEMENT 
 
T
AN SRI LIM KOK THAY 
Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive 
 
DATO’ INDERA LIM KEONG HUI 
Deputy Chief Executive and Executive Director 
 
DATO’ SRI LEE CHOONG YAN 
Group President and Executive Director 
 
MR LEE THIAM KIT 
President and Chief Operating Officer (Resorts World 
Genting) 
 
MR ANDREW TAN KIM SENG 
Chief Corporate Development Officer 
 
MS KOH POY YONG 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
MR AARON CHIA KHONG CHID 
Executive Vice President – Gaming and Security 
 
MR PETER DEWEY FOSTER 
Executive Vice President – Leisure, Hospitality and Lifestyle 
 
 
US MANAGEMENT 
 
MR ROBERT DESAL
VIO 
President of Genting Americas East 
 
MR WALTER BOGUMIL 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
UK MANAGEMENT 
 
MR P
AUL STEWART WILLCOCK  
President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
MR JAMES STEVEN AXELBY 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
CORPORATE INFORMATION 
 
GENTING MALAYSIA BERHAD 
 
A public limit
ed liability company incorporated and 
domiciled in Malaysia 
Registration No. 198001004236 (58019-U) 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
 
14th Floor
, Wisma Genting 
Jalan Sultan Ismail 
50250 Kuala Lumpur 
Tel        : (603) 2178 2288 / 2333 2288 
Fax       : (603) 2161 5304 
E-mail : ir.genm@gentingmalaysia.com 
 
REGISTRARS 
 
T
ricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd 
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A,  
Vertical Business Suite 
Avenue 3, Bangsar South 
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi 
59200 Kuala Lumpur 
Tel        : (603) 2783 9299 
Fax       : (603) 2783 9222 
E-mail  : is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com 
 
SECRETARY 
 
Ms L
oh Bee Hong 
MAICSA 7001361 
SSM Practicing Certiﬁcate No. 202008000906 
 
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING 
 
Main Mark
et of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad  
(Listed on 22 December 1989) 
 
Stock Name: GENM 
Stock Code: 4715 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Price
waterhouseCoopers PLT 
(Chartered Accountants) 
 
INTERNET HOMEPAGE 
 
www
.gentingmalaysia.com

---- Page 22 ----
About Genting Malaysia
CORPORATE
DIARY
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
12 3 5 6 74
20
8
DIVIDEND                                                                                                                 Announcement                       Entitlement Date                              Payment  
2022 Final Single-Tier – 9.0 sen per ordinary share  
                                                   23 February 2023                              21 March 2023                          14 April 2023    
2023 Interim Single-Tier – 6.0 sen per ordinary share                                                    24 August 2023                      12 September 2023                     2 October 2023 
2023 Final Single-Tier – 9.0 sen per ordinary share                                                     29 February 2024                              21 March 2024                          15 April 2024
23.02.2023 
Announcement of the following: 
(
a)     Consolidated Unaudited Results of the 
Group for the fourth quarter and the 
Audited Results for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022;  
(b)     Entitlement Date for the Final Dividend in 
respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2022; 
(c)     Appointment of Mr Ho Heng Chuan as a 
member of the Nomination Committee 
of the Company;   
(d)     Appointment of Madam Chong Kwai 
Ying as a member of the Nomination 
Committee of the Company; 
(e)     Appointment of Madam Chong Kwai 
Ying as a member of the Remuneration 
Committee of the Company; and  
(f)      Appointment of Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee Phang 
as a member of the Remuneration 
Committee of the Company.  
03.04.2023 
Announcement of the following: 
(
a)     Proposed shareholders’ mandate for 
recurrent related party transactions of a 
revenue or trading nature;  
(b)     Proposed renewal of the authority for the 
Company to purchase its own shares; 
and 
(c)     Proposed retirement gratuity payment to 
Tan Sri Datuk Clifford Francis Herbert.  
06.04.2023 
Announcement of the following: 
(a)
    Notice to Shareholders of the Forty-Third 
Annual General Meeting; 
(b)     Resignation of Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee Phang as 
an Independent Non-Executive Director 
and her cessation as a member of the 
Remuneration Committee of the 
Company; and 
(c)     Withdrawal of Ordinary Resolution 7 on 
the re-election of Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee Phang 
as a Director of the Company pursuant 
to Paragraph 112 of the Constitution of 
the Company from tabling at the Forty-
Third Annual General Meeting.  
27.04.2023 
Announcement of the entry into a conditional 
sale and pur
chase agreement (“SPA”) between 
Resorts World Miami LLC (“RW Miami”), an 
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Company, and Smart City Miami, LLC (“SC 
Miami”) for the proposed disposal of four 
parcels of land in Miami (“Miami Land”) for a 
total cash consideration of USD1.225 billion 
(“Proposed Disposal of Miami Land”).  
02.05.2023  
Announcement of the additional information in 
r
elation to the Proposed Disposal of Miami 
Land.  
05.05.2023 
Announcement of the issuance of RM500 
million Medium 
Term Notes (“MTNs”) under the 
Medium Term Note Programme of RM5.0 billion 
in nominal value by the Company’s wholly-
owned subsidiary, GENM Capital Berhad, 
irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by 
the Company. 
  
08.05.2023 
Announcement of the demise of the late Tan Sri 
Datuk Clif
ford Francis Herbert on 6 May 2023.  
11.05.2023  
Announcement of the election by SC Miami on 
10 Ma
y 2023 to convert the transaction to a 
purchase of 100% of the ownership interests in 
RW Miami (“Election to Convert”) instead of the 
Miami Land.  
18.05.2023  
Announcement of the entry into an 
amendment agr
eement to the SPA between 
RW Miami, Genting Florida LLC (an indirect 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and 
SC Miami to amend the terms of the SPA, 
amongst others, to reflect SC Miami’s Election 
to Convert and to include Genting Florida LLC 
as a party to the SPA.    
25.05.2023 
Announcement of the Consolidated Unaudited 
Results of the Gr
oup for the first quarter ended 
31 March 2023.  
30.05.2023 
Announcement of the Notice to Shareholders 
of the Extr
aordinary General Meeting for the 
Proposed Disposal of Miami Land or purchase 
by SC Miami of 100% of the ownership interests 
in RW Miami.  
31.05.2023 
Forty-Third Annual General Meeting.  
01.06.2023 
Announcement of the following: 
(a)
    Redesignation of Mr Quah Chek Tin from 
Independent Non-Executive Director to 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
of the Company; 
(b)     Redesignation of Mr Teo Eng Siong from 
Independent Non-Executive Director to 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
of the Company; 
(c)     Redesignation of Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja 
Tan Sri (Dr.) Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin 
(R) from Independent Non-Executive 
Director to Non-Independent Non-
Executive Director of the Company; 
(d)     Redesignation of Mr Ho Heng Chuan 
from a member to be the Chairman of 
the Audit Committee of the Company; 
(e)     Redesignation of Mr Ho Heng Chuan 
from a member to be the Chairman of 
the Risk Management Committee of the 
Company; 
(f)      Resignation of Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi 
Jantan as the Chairman of the 
Nomination Committee of the Company; 
(g)     Redesignation of Mr Quah Chek Tin from 
a member to be the Chairman of the 
Nomination Committee of the Company; 
(h)     Redesignation of Mr Teo Eng Siong from 
a member to be the Chairman of the 
Remuneration Committee of the 
Company; 
(i)      Resignation of Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan 
Sri (Dr.) Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R) 
as a member of the Remuneration 
Committee of the Company; and 
(j)      Appointment of Dato’ Koh Hong Sun as a 
member of the Remuneration Committee 
of the Company.  
15.06.2023 
Extraordinary General Meeting.  
22.06.2023 
Announcement of SC Miami’s election to end 
its bid arising fr
om the non-granting of its 
request for an extension of the exclusivity period 
and amendments to the commercial terms of 
the SPA.  
30.06.2023 
Announcement of the redesignation of Tan Sri 
Dat
o’ Seri Alwi Jantan from Chairman, 
Independent Non-Executive Director to 
Chairman, Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director of the Company with effect from 1 July 
2023.  
24.08.2023 
Announcement of the following: 
(a)   Consolidat
ed Unaudited Results of the 
Group for the second quarter ended 30 
June 2023; and 
(b)    Entitlement Date for the Interim Single-Tier 
Dividend in respect of the financial year 
ended 31 December  2023.  
23.11.2023 
Announcement of the Consolidated Unaudited 
Results of the Gr
oup for the third quarter ended 
30 September 2023.  
10.01.2024 
Announcement of the equity injection via 
subscription of up t
o USD100 million of Series M 
Preferred Stock of Empire Resorts, Inc.  
19.01.2024 
Announcement of the appointment of Puan 
Nor
azilla binti Md Tahir as an Independent  
Non-Executive Director of the Company.  
29.02.2024 
Announcement of the following: 
(
a)     Consolidated Unaudited Results of the 
Group for the fourth quarter and the 
Unaudited Results for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023; and 
(b)     Entitlement Date for the Final Dividend in 
respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2023.  
25.03.2024 
Announcement of the change of Email Address 
disclosed in the announcement t
o Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad relating to the 
Registered Address and Correspondence 
Address of the Company.     
12.04.2024 
Announcement of the appointment of Puan 
Nor
azilla binti Md Tahir as a member of the 
Audit Committee, Risk Management 
Committee and Remuneration Committee of 
the Company.  
15.04.2024 
Announcement of the f
ollowing: 
(a)     Proposed shareholders’ mandate for 
recurrent related party transactions of a 
revenue or trading nature; and 
(b)     Proposed renewal of the authority for the 
Company to purchase its own shares.

---- Page 23 ----
BOARD OF
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78Leadership 6 5 3 2 14
21
DIRECTORS
AUDIT COMMITTEE 
 
MR HO HENG CHUAN 
Chairman/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MR QUAH CHEK TIN 
Member/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MR TEO ENG SIONG 
Member/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
DATO’  KOH HONG SUN 
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MADAM CHONG KWAI YING 
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
PUAN NORAZILLA BINTI MD TAHIR  
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
 
NOMINATION COMMITTEE 
 
MR QUAH CHEK TIN 
Chairman/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MR HO HENG CHUAN 
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MADAM CHONG KWAI YING 
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
 
MR HO HENG CHUAN 
Chairman/Independent Non-Executive Director  
 
MR QUAH CHEK TIN 
Member/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MR TEO ENG SIONG 
Member/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
DATO’  KOH HONG SUN 
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MADAM CHONG KWAI YING 
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
PUAN NORAZILLA BINTI MD TAHIR  
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 
 
MR TEO ENG SIONG 
Chairman/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
DATO’  KOH HONG SUN 
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MADAM CHONG KWAI YING 
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
PUAN NORAZILLA BINTI MD TAHIR  
Member/Independent Non-Executive Director
TAN SRI DATO’  SERI ALWI JANTAN  
Chairman / Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director 
 
TAN SRI LIM KOK THAY 
Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive / 
Non-Independent Executive Director 
 
DATO’  INDERA LIM KEONG HUI 
Deputy Chief Executive and Executive Director /  
Non-Independent Executive Director 
 
DATO’  SRI LEE CHOONG YAN 
Group President and Executive Director / 
Non-Independent Executive Director 
 
MR QUAH CHEK TIN 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
GENERAL DATO’  SERI DIRAJA  TAN SRI (DR.) 
MOHD ZAHIDI BIN HJ ZAINUDDIN (RETIRED) 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MR TEO ENG SIONG 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
DATO’  KOH HONG SUN 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MADAM CHONG KWAI YING 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
MR HO HENG CHUAN 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
PUAN NORAZILLA BINTI MD TAHIR  
Independent Non-Executive Director

---- Page 24 ----
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES
1 2 3 5 6 74
22
Leadership8
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan , appointed on 10 August 1990, was redesignated as the Chairman/Non-Independent Non-
Executive Director of the Company on 1 July 2023. Prior to the redesignation, he was the Chairman/Independent Non-Executive 
Director since 27 August 2020 and Deputy Chairman/Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since 1 January 
2019. On 31 May 2017, Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan retired as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company at the 
conclusion of the Company’s 37th Annual General Meeting held on 31 May 2017 in accordance with Section 129 of the 
Companies Act 1965. On the same day, he was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company 
pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company dated 31 May 2017. On 1 July 2011, Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi 
Jantan was redesignated as an Independent Non-Executive Director after he relinquished his position as Executive Director of 
the Company on 30 June 2009 and became a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 1 July 2009. 
 
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan joined the Company on 1 July 1990 as Executive Vice President – Public Affairs & Human Resources 
and was redesignated as Executive Director on 2 July 2007 prior to his retirement in 2009. A graduate of the University of Malaya 
with a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree and Harvard Graduate School of Business, he had a distinguished career in the 
public service.  
 
Prior to joining the Company, he was the Director General of Public Service Malaysia. He was the Independent Non-Executive 
Chairman of UOA Development Bhd before his retirement on 25 May 2016 and he resigned as the Independent Non-Executive 
Chairman of UOA Asset Management Sdn Bhd, the manager of the public-listed UOA Real Estate Investment Trust on 21 April 
2016. Prior to that, he was the Independent Non-Executive Chairman of Hiap Teck Venture Berhad. 
TAN SRI DATO’ SERI 
ALWI JANTAN 
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 89 / Male
Chairman / Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director

---- Page 25 ----
Leadership
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES
7 6 5 3 2 14
23
8
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive /  
Non-Independent Executive Director
TAN SRI 
LIM KOK THAY
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay, appointed on 17 October 1988, was redesignated as the Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive of the 
Company on 27 August 2020. Prior to the redesignation, he was the Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company. He is also the 
Chairman and Chief Executive of Genting Berhad; the Executive Chairman of Genting Singapore Limited; and the Chairman of 
Genting UK Plc. He was the Chief Executive and Director of Genting Plantations Berhad (“GENP”) until he relinquished his position 
as Chief Executive and assumed the position of Deputy Chairman and Executive Director of GENP on 1 January 2019. He has 
served in various positions within the Group since 1976. He is a Founding Member and a Permanent Trustee of The Community 
Chest, Malaysia. In addition, he sits on the Boards of other Malaysian and foreign companies as well as the Boards of Trustees of 
several charitable organisations in Malaysia. 
 
Tan Sri Lim holds a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from the University of London. He attended the Programme for 
Management Development of Harvard Business School, Harvard University in 1979. He is an Honorary Professor of Xiamen University, 
China. 
 
Tan Sri Lim is a beneﬁciary of a discretionary trust which ultimately owns Golden Hope Unit Trust (“GHUT”), of which Golden Hope 
Limited (“GHL”) is the trustee. GHL as the trustee of GHUT, indirectly owns 51% of the common stock in Empire Resorts, Inc. (“Empire 
Resorts”), a company with various subsidiaries engaged in the hospitality and gaming industries. GHL as the trustee of GHUT also 
indirectly owns 51% of the Series H Convertible Preferred Stock in Empire Resorts. The Company indirectly owns the remaining 49% 
of the common stock in Empire Resorts. The Company also indirectly owns 100% of Series F , Series G, Series L and Series M  
Convertible Preferred Stocks and the remaining 49% of the Series H Convertible Preferred Stock in Empire Resorts. Tan Sri Lim  
also has indirect shareholding interests in the Resorts World Cruises related companies, which are engaged in the business of 
cruise and cruise-related operations.  
 
In the context of the above businesses of the Empire Resorts group and the Resorts World Cruises related companies, Tan Sri Lim 
is therefore considered as having interests in businesses apart from the Group’s business, which may compete indirectly with the 
Group’s business. 
 
For his leadership excellence and signiﬁcant contributions to the leisure and travel industry, he was named the “Travel Entrepreneur 
of the Year 2009” by Travel Trade Gazette (TTG) Asia, “The Most Inﬂuential Person in Asian Gaming 2009” by Inside Asian Gaming, 
“Asian Leader for Global Leisure and Entertainment Tourism 2011” by Seagull Philippines Inc., “Lifetime Achievement Award for 
Corporate Philanthropy 2013” by World Chinese Economic Forum, “Global Community Leadership Award 2021” by Keep Memory 
Alive USA and “The Lifetime Achievement Award 2023” by the Malaysian Association of Theme Parks and Family Attractions. 
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 72 / Male

---- Page 26 ----
Leadership
24
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
1 2 3 5 6 74 81 2 3 5 6 74 8
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui, appointed as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 23 July 2012, was redesignated as a 
Non-Independent Executive Director, following his appointment as the Chief Information Ofﬁcer (“CIO”) of the Company on 1 
January 2015. On 1 January 2019, Dato’ Indera Lim was redesignated as the Deputy Chief Executive and Executive Director of the 
Company.  
 
Dato’ Indera Lim holds a Bachelor of Science (Honours) degree in Computer Science from the Queen Mary University of London, 
United Kingdom and a Master’s degree in International Marketing Management from Regent’s Business School London, United 
Kingdom. 
 
Dato’ Indera Lim is a son of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay, who is the Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company. Both Tan Sri Lim 
Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui are major shareholders of the Company. On 1 January 2019, Dato’ Indera Lim was 
redesignated as the Deputy Chief Executive and Executive Director of Genting Berhad (“GENT”). He was a Non-Independent 
Executive Director of GENT following his appointment as the Senior Vice President (“SVP”) – Business Development on 1 March 
2013 until he was redesignated as the Executive Director – Chairman’s Ofﬁce of GENT on 1 June 2013 and assumed additional 
role as the CIO of GENT on 1 January 2015. He was a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of Genting Plantations Berhad 
(“GENP”) until he was redesignated as a Non-Independent Executive Director, following his appointment as the CIO of GENP on 
1 January 2015. On 5 May 2017, Dato’ Indera Lim was redesignated as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of GENP ,  
following his resignation as CIO of GENP . On 1 January 2019, he was appointed as the Deputy Chief Executive and Executive 
Director of GENP .  He is also a director of Genting UK Plc and a member of the Board of Trustees of Yayasan Lim Goh Tong. 
 
Dato’ Indera Lim previously held various positions in Genting Hong Kong including as the SVP – Business Development, Executive 
Director – Chairman’s Ofﬁce, CIO and Executive Director of Genting Hong Kong. Prior to joining Genting Hong Kong in 2009, he 
had embarked on an investment banking career with The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited.  
 
Dato’ Indera Lim is a beneﬁciary of a discretionary trust which ultimately owns Golden Hope Unit Trust (“GHUT”), of which Golden 
Hope Limited (“GHL”) is the trustee. GHL as the trustee of GHUT, indirectly owns 51% of the common stock in Empire Resorts, Inc. 
(“Empire Resorts”), a company with various subsidiaries engaged in the hospitality and gaming industries. GHL as the trustee of 
GHUT also indirectly owns 51% of the Series H Convertible Preferred Stock in Empire Resorts. The Company indirectly owns the 
remaining 49% of the common stock in Empire Resorts.  The Company also indirectly owns 100% of Series F , Series G, Series L  
and Series M Convertible Preferred Stocks and the remaining 49% of the Series H Convertible Preferred Stock in Empire Resorts. 
Dato’ Indera Lim also has indirect shareholding interests in the Resorts World Cruises related companies, which are engaged in 
the business of cruise and cruise-related operations. 
 
In the context of the above businesses of the Empire Resorts group and the Resorts World Cruises related companies, Dato’ Indera 
Lim is therefore considered as having interests in businesses apart from the Group’s business, which may compete indirectly with 
the Group’s business. 
DATO’ INDERA  
LIM KEONG HUI
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 39 / Male
Deputy Chief Executive and Executive Director /  
Non-Independent Executive Director

---- Page 27 ----
Leadership
25
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES
78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 148
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2020.  He was the President and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer of 
the Company and was redesignated the Group President and Executive Director of the Company on 1 August 2023. Prior to the 
redesignation, he was the President and Executive Director of the Company since 1 April 2022. Dato’ Sri Lee was appointed the 
President and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer of the Company on 1 August 2006. He continues to be responsible for the development 
and implementation of corporate strategies as well as management of the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries.  
 
Dato’ Sri Lee is also the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer of Genting UK Plc, a subsidiary in the United Kingdom, where the Group owns and 
operates over thirty casinos together with an integrated resort,  Resorts World Birmingham. In addition, he oversees Genting Malaysia 
Group’s businesses in the United States and Bahamas. His responsibilities also include directorships in other companies within the 
Genting Malaysia Berhad Group. 
 
Dato’ Sri Lee trained as a chartered accountant in London with an international accounting ﬁrm of chartered accountants following 
which he joined their ofﬁces in Hong Kong and worked in their audit and corporate advisory practices. He subsequently embarked 
on a career in investment banking where he specialised in the areas of corporate ﬁnance and the equity capital markets before 
joining the Genting Group in 1997.  
 
He holds a Bachelor of Science (Honours) degree in Business Economics and Accounting from the University of Southampton, 
England and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
Group President and Executive Director / 
Non-Independent Executive Director
DATO’ SRI  
LEE CHOONG YAN
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 63 / Male

---- Page 28 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
Leadership
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES26
1 2 3 5 6 74 81 2 3 5 6 74 8
Mr Quah Chek Tin, appointed on 15 January 2003, was redesignated as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of the 
Company on 1 June 2023. Prior to the redesignation, he was an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company since 8 
October 2008. He began his career with Coopers & Lybrand, London before returning to Malaysia. 
 
He joined the Genting Group in 1979 and had served in various positions within the Group. He was the Executive Director and 
Chief Operating Ofﬁcer of the Company as well as the Executive Director of Genting Berhad prior to his retirement in 2006.  
He was a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of Genting Plantations Berhad since 19 October 2001 and redesignated as 
Independent Non-Executive Director on 8 October 2008 prior to his retirement on 30 May 2023. He holds a Bachelor of Science 
(Honours) degree in Economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science and is a Fellow of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants. 
 
Mr Quah is presently the Chairman of Paramount Corporation Berhad and a Director of Batu Kawan Berhad. 
MR QUAH CHEK TIN
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 72 / Male
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director

---- Page 29 ----
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Leadership
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES 27
78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 148
General Dato’  Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.) Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (Retired), appointed as an Independent Non-Executive 
Director on 4 August 2005, was redesignated as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 1 June 2023. 
He had a distinguished career in the Malaysian Armed Forces for 38 years 11 months, before retiring from the Force on 30 April 
2005. During the period as a professional military ofﬁcer, he served 6 years 4 months as the Malaysian Chief of Defence Forces 
from 1 January 1999 and as the Chief of the Malaysian Army for one year from 1 January 1998.  
 
General Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.) Mohd Zahidi (R) is presently the Chairman of Genting Plantations Berhad, Group 
Chairman of Cahya Mata Sarawak Berhad and Chairman of AHAM Asset Management Berhad. He is also a Director of Only 
World Group Holdings Berhad and sits on the board of several private limited companies in Malaysia.  
 
General Tan Sri Mohd Zahidi was made a Member of Dewan Negara Perak by DYMM Paduka Seri Sultan Perak on 25 November 
2006 and is a Director/Trustee for the Board of Trustee of Yayasan Sultan Azlan Shah. On 23 April 2013, General Tan Sri Mohd 
Zahidi was appointed as Orang Kaya Bendahara Seri Maharaja Perak Darul Ridzuan by DYMM Paduka Seri Sultan Perak and 
the Dewan Negara Perak Darul Ridzuan.  
 
General Tan Sri Mohd Zahidi holds a Masters of Science Degree in Defence and Strategic Studies from the Quaid-I-Azam 
University, Islamabad, Pakistan and had attended the Senior Executive Programme in Harvard University, United States of 
America, Command and General Staff College Philippines, Joint Services Staff College Australia and National Defence College 
Pakistan.  
 
General Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.) Mohd Zahidi (R) is the Pro-Chancellor of University Sultan Azlan Shah (USAS) since 
December 2018. He was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Management of Defense and Strategic Studies from National 
Defence University of Malaysia, also known as Universiti Pertahanan Nasional Malaysia (UPNM) in 2016. 
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
GENERAL DATO’ 
SERI DIRAJA  
TAN SRI (DR.) 
MOHD ZAHIDI 
BIN HJ ZAINUDDIN  
(RETIRED)
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 75 / Male

---- Page 30 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES28
Leadership1 2 3 5 6 74 81 2 3 5 6 74 8
Mr Teo Eng Siong, appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 25 February 2010, was redesignated as a Non-
Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 1 June 2023. He began his career with Ernst & Young, Melbourne, 
Australia, in November 1969. 
 
He had worked in Singapore and Malaysia; and had held several positions in various companies. Prior to his retirement on 31 
March 2009, he was the General Manager and Company Secretary of Kien Huat Realty Sdn Berhad as well as the Company 
Secretary of Yayasan Lim Goh Tong, a charitable organisation. 
 
He holds a Bachelor of Economics degree from Monash University, Melbourne and is an Associate of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in Australia, a Fellow of CPA Australia, a member of the Malaysian Institute of Certiﬁed Public Accountants, a 
member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants and an Associate of The Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and 
Administrators. 
MR TEO ENG SIONG
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 77 / Male
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director

---- Page 31 ----
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES 29
Leadership 78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 148
Dato’  Koh Hong Sun, appointed on 23 July 2012, is an Independent Non-Executive Director. He holds a Master’s degree in 
Strategic and Security Studies from Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia. 
 
Dato’ Koh had a distinguished career with the Royal Malaysian Police (RMP) for almost 40 years, having joined RMP as a 
Probationary Inspector in 1971 and retired in October 2010 as the Director of Commercial Crime Investigation Department. 
 
During the period as an ofﬁcer of the RMP , Dato’ Koh had held various important command posts including as  
Ofﬁcer-in-Charge of Brickﬁelds Police District, Head of the Federal Trafﬁc Police, Chief Police Ofﬁcer of Penang and Commissioner 
of Police as Director of Commercial Crime Investigation Department. 
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
DATO’ KOH HONG SUN
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 71 / Male

---- Page 32 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES30
Leadership1 2 3 5 6 74 81 2 3 5 6 74 8
Madam Chong Kwai Ying, appointed on 3 December 2018, is an Independent Non-Executive Director. She holds a Bachelor 
of Economics (Honours) degree in Business Administration from University Malaya. 
 
Madam Chong began her career as an Administrative Ofﬁcer with Bank Negara Malaysia (“BNM”) in 1982 after graduating 
from University Malaya. During her 35 years tenure in BNM, she has served in various positions and was a Deputy Director in 
the Banking Supervision Department from May 1998 until her retirement in April 2017. She was responsible for the supervision 
of domestic banking groups and locally incorporated foreign banks. She had a short engagement with Perbadanan Insurans 
Deposit Malaysia from June 2017 to January 2018 and provided advisory and consultancy services for one of its resolution 
planning projects.  
 
She is currently sitting on the boards of Generali Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad and China Construction Bank (Malaysia) 
Berhad as an Independent Non-Executive Director. 
MADAM 
CHONG KWAI YING
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 63 / Female
Independent 
Non-Executive Director

---- Page 33 ----
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES 31
Leadership 78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 148
Mr Ho Heng Chuan, appointed on 18 February 2022, is an Independent Non-Executive Director. He is a member of the 
Malaysian Institute of Certiﬁed Public Accountants (“MICPA”).  
 
Mr Ho has more than 40 years of experience in corporate and investment banking, treasury, capital markets and ﬁnance. He 
served Citigroup Malaysia for 20 years from 2000 until his retirement on 30 June 2020, starting as an Executive Director, Head 
of Corporate Finance in 2000. He was subsequently promoted to Managing Director in 2008, where he oversaw the global 
banking business covering multinational companies, ﬁnancial institutions, top tier local corporations and government linked 
companies (GLCs). His last position with Citigroup Malaysia prior to his retirement was Vice Chairman, Banking where his role 
was to provide senior coverage of platinum corporate clients and guidance to the local and regional teams on client strategies 
as well as to provide senior oversight over signiﬁcant transactions executed with or for the platinum corporate clients. Prior to 
joining Citigroup Malaysia, Mr Ho was with Macquarie Bank Ltd from 1998 to 2000 as Divisional Director covering corporate, 
project and structured ﬁnance.  
 
From 1981 to 1997, Mr Ho was with Arab-Malaysian Merchant Bank Bhd (now known as AmInvestment Bank Berhad) where he 
commenced employment as Internal Auditor and progressed to Senior General Manager responsible for overseeing the 
treasury and capital markets. During his tenure with Arab-Malaysian Merchant Bank Bhd, he also acted as the Head of 
Corporate Services covering the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer’s responsibilities, investor relationships, strategy, mergers and 
acquisitions. During that period, he led the effort in the acquisition of the commercial bank, merger of the ﬁnance company 
and acquisition of the broking and insurance companies under the group.  
 
Prior to joining the banking sector, Mr Ho was with KPMG from 1977 to 1980, where he started as an audit assistant and 
progressed to audit senior upon obtaining his qualiﬁcation as a qualiﬁed member of the MICPA.  
 
Mr Ho is an Independent Non-Executive Director of Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad. Mr Ho is also a Senior Advisor to 
Dentons Global Advisors/Albright Stonebridge Group, a global multidisciplinary advisory ﬁrm that provides integrated strategic 
counsel and support for clients facing complex opportunities and challenges spanning commercial, reputational, ﬁnancial, 
regulatory and governance dimensions. 
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
MR HO HENG CHUAN
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 67 / Male

---- Page 34 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROFILES32
Leadership1 2 3 5 6 74 81 2 3 5 6 74 8
Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir, appointed on 19 January 2024, is an Independent Non-Executive Director.  
 
Puan Nora holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree in Accounting from University of Stirling, Scotland, United Kingdom. She 
is a Fellow Chartered Accountant of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW). 
 
Puan Nora has more than 25 years’ experience in ﬁnancial management, notably in ﬁnancial institutions and capital markets. 
Prior to her early retirement in 2020, she was the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer of Cagamas Berhad group of companies (“Cagamas 
Group”). She spearheaded the ﬁnancial leadership of the group and was responsible for upholding strong ﬁnancial 
management and governance while providing timely, accurate and reliable ﬁnancial information and enhancing internal 
control. Apart from the Cagamas Group, Puan Nora had held other Chief Financial Ofﬁcer/Head of Finance positions at  
three (3) Islamic ﬁnancial institutions, namely RHB Islamic Bank Berhad, Asian Finance Bank Berhad and Al Rajhi Banking & 
Investment Corporation (Malaysia) Berhad. Besides banking, she is also experienced in fast moving consumer goods, having 
been involved in sales logistic chain management while at L'Oreal Malaysia Sdn Bhd and Universal Music Sdn Bhd in the early 
years of her career.  
 
Puan Nora currently sits on the boards of Citibank Berhad, Bank Pembangunan Malaysia Berhad (“BPMB”) and Kenanga 
Investors Berhad as an Independent Non-Executive Director. She is also sitting on the boards of certain subsidiaries of BPMB, 
namely Global Maritime Ventures Berhad, Pembangunan Leasing Corporation Sdn Bhd, BI Credit & Leasing Berhad and PLC 
Credit & Factoring Sdn Bhd. Puan Nora was a former Ministry of Finance's nominated Independent Director at Amanah Raya 
Berhad and AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad. She was also a former Independent Director of Etiqa Life Insurance Berhad. 
PUAN NORAZILLA 
BINTI MD TAHIR 
Nationality Malaysian 
 
Age / Gender 58 / Female
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
NOTES: 
 
The details of Directors’ attendances at Board Meetings are set out in the Corporate Governance Overview Statement on page 61 of this 
Integrated Annual Report. 
 
The details of the Board Committees and their attendance are set out on pages 21, 65, 66, 76 and 82 of this Integrated Annual Report. 
 
Save as disclosed, the above Directors have no family relationship with any Director and/or major shareholder of Genting Malaysia Berhad, 
have no conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with Genting Malaysia Berhad or its 
subsidiaries, have not been convicted of any offences within the past five years and have no public sanction or penalty imposed by the relevant 
regulatory bodies during the financial year.

---- Page 35 ----
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE 
OFFICERS’ PROFILES
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78Leadership 6 5 3 2 14
33
TAN SRI LIM KOK THAY 
Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive 
 
His profile is disclosed in the Directors’ Profile on page 23 of this Integrated Annual Report.
DATO’  INDERA LIM KEONG HUI 
Deputy Chief Executive and Executive Director 
 
His profile is disclosed in the Directors’ Profile on page 24 of this Integrated Annual Report. 
 
DATO’  SRI LEE CHOONG YAN 
Group President and Executive Director 
 
His profile is disclosed in the Directors’ Profile on page 25 of this Integrated Annual Report. 
 
MS KOH POY YONG 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Koh Poy Yong (Malaysian, aged 67, female) was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of Genting Malaysia 
Berhad on 1 January 2010 and redesignated as the Group Chief Financial Officer on 1 August 2023. She is 
responsible for the Finance, Risk Management, Procurement and Regulatory Compliance functions of the Company. 
She has over 30 years of audit and accounting experience. She joined the Company in 1990 as a Finance Manager. 
Prior to joining the Company, from 1984 to 1990, she was a Director of Finance for the Malaysian Red Crescent 
Society, a charitable organisation in Kuala Lumpur. From 1977 until 1984, she worked as an external auditor in a 
public accounting firm in England. 
 
She is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and a member of the 
Malaysian Institute of Accountants. She is presently a director of several subsidiary companies of Genting Malaysia 
Berhad Group, including GENM Capital Berhad, Genting Highlands Berhad, Genting Golf Course Bhd, Awana 
Vacation Resorts Development Berhad, Grandeur Leisure Berhad and Grandeur West Berhad (formerly known as 
Grandeur West Sdn Bhd) which are public companies.
NOTES: 
 
1. Save for Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui, none of the Principal Executive Officers has any family relationship 
with any Director and/or major shareholder of Genting Malaysia Berhad, nor any conflict of interest or potential conflict of 
interest, including interest in any competing business with Genting Malaysia Berhad or its subsidiaries. 
 
2. None of the Principal Executive Officers has been convicted of any offences within the past five years and there was no public 
sanction or penalty imposed by the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year. 

---- Page 36 ----
HOW 
GENTING MALAYSIA 
CREATES VALUE

---- Page 37 ----
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
OUR APPROACH TO VALUE
 CREATION
35
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value 78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 148
OUR APPROACH TO VALUE CREATION 
 
Genting Mala
ysia’s approach to value creation is driven by our vision of becoming the leading integrated resort operator in 
the world. With over 40 properties across Asia, Europe and the Americas, we remain aligned with our strategic objectives to 
generate sustainable growth and proﬁts, and to consistently enhance our stakeholders’ value.  
 
Our strategy integrates six essential capitals that drive sustainable value creation. Fundamentally shaping our sustainable 
development approach, these capitals are interdependent and collectively create long-term value. Managing and leveraging 
these capitals responsibly helps us achieve a resilient and sustainable future, above and beyond stakeholders' expectation. 
VALUE CREATION MODEL  
 
Our v
alue creation model illustrates how we generate value for all stakeholders by transforming various inputs or capitals 
through business activities to produce value-add outputs and outcomes. Over time, this model will mature, yielding more 
sophisticated expressions of Genting Malaysia’s value proposition for all stakeholders.   
Genting Malaysia’s Six Capitals of Value Creation
Financial 
Funds available for the management 
and provision of assets obtained via 
ﬁnancing such as equity, debt, or 
money generated through Genting 
Malaysia’s business
Intellectual 
Genting Malaysia’s brand and 
reputation, investment in technology, 
licenses, software, and processes that 
support the delivery of services
Natural 
Renewable and non-renewable 
natural resources vital to the 
sustainability of our business, 
including management of biodiversity, 
and efﬁcient utilisation of energy, 
water, and waste
Manufactured 
Genting Malaysia’s footprint of 
integrated resorts, casinos, and 
properties across Malaysia, the UK, 
Egypt, the US and The Bahamas
Human  
Our people’s competencies, 
capabilities and experience aligned 
with how they support Genting 
Malaysia’s long-term strategic value 
creation
Social and Relationship 
The relationships, partnerships, and 
networks Genting Malaysia develops 
with all the stakeholders in our areas 
of operation

---- Page 38 ----
OUR VALUE CREATION
MODEL
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
36
Our Value Creation Model
We rely on the four tenets of a sustainable business 
to produce value-led outputs
Guided by
A strong capital base, 
supported by long-term 
capital providers and a 
global presence across three 
continents that generate 
signiﬁcant economic value
We centre our people in 
everything we do, creating 
customer-focused 
employees, thriving in an 
inclusive culture that values 
diversity in the workforce
Our  footprint of integrated 
resorts and casinos across 
Malaysia, the UK, Egypt, the 
US and The Bahamas offer 
our guests an unforgettable 
experience
Manufactured Capital
We are driven by our core 
values of Harmony and 
Compassion to empower 
and uplift the lives of the 
communities in each of our 
areas of operation
Social and 
Relationship Capital
An established brand 
reputation, gaming licenses, 
innovative IT systems, 
software's, and procedures 
support the delivery of our 
services to our customers
Intellectual Capital
Human  Capital
Financial Capital
We consciously preserve 
and conserve the 
environment in which we 
operate through our 
stewardship of resources, 
and efﬁcient management 
of energy, water, and waste
Natural Capital
INPUTS VALUE CREATION APPROACH
Sound Governance
Our Sustainability Framework
• Ethical Business Practices
• Regulatory Compliance
• Robust Risk Management 
• Creating Unparalleled
 Customer Experiences
• Sustainable Procurement
• Positive Economic Impact
Uplifting People
• Nurturing a Safe and 
 Sustainable Workplace
• Engaging Communities
• Responsible Development
• Sustainable Resource 
 Utilisation and Emissions
Marketplace Stewardship 
Protecting the Environment
Leisure and Hospitality
Risk
Management
Material Matters Good Governance
Stakeholder
Engagement 
1 How Genting Malaysia Creates Value2 3 5 6 74 8

---- Page 39 ----
OUR VALUE CREATION MODEL 37
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
OUTPUTS OUTCOMES
Manufactured Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
Intellectual Capital
Human  Capital
Financial Capital
Natural Capital
• Revenue of RM10.2 billion
• Market capitalisation of RM15.2 billion
• RM850.2 million dividend declared/paid
Capital Providers
Maintaining our market-leading position in the countries 
where we operate, delivering positive, risk-adjusted returns 
to our investors
Employees
Continuing to drive an inclusive employee culture, with 
ongoing professional development, creating a robust talent 
pipeline that is future ready
Government & Regulators
Contributing to nation-building by boosting economic 
growth and developing the tourism and hospitality industry
Local Communities
Supporting responsible gaming, aiding disaster relief, 
empowering our SME partners and local youth, and continuing 
partnerships with charities
 
Trade Unions 
Building a culture of mutual respect and dialogue through 
engagement with local unions
Customers
Maintaining safety standards, creating innovative offerings, 
and achieving optimal customer satisfaction
Media
Accurate and timely dissemination of information to the 
public regarding the Group, its initiatives, and 
accomplishments
Suppliers 
Substantially invested in local procurement and actively 
fostered long-term business relations
• A diversified workforce of over 16,300 employees globally
• Total wages and benefits expenses of RM2.3 billion
• Upskilling employees through blended learning approach 
 and accelerated development programme
• Diverse and inclusive workforce of various experiences, skill 
 sets and backgrounds
• Total capital expenditure of RM689.8 million
• Over 35 million visitors across the Group’s properties
 in Malaysia, the UK, Egypt, the US and The Bahamas
• Over 13,000 hotel rooms worldwide
• Responsible Gaming Programme aligned with industry 
 best practices and standards
•   Close working relationship with local regulators and 
     authorities, with operations in a highly regulated industry
•   Active community engagement programmes, focusing on 
 philanthropy, capacity building and volunteerism
•   Sustainable and responsible procurement practices with 
 continued development and support of local suppliers and 
 SMEs
• Increased brand equity and opportunities from
     partnerships and premier brands association
• Attained multiple awards of excellence in business and 
     sustainability practices
•   Unique mobile-driven technology, cashless wagering and 
     seamless gaming implementation in the Group’s 
     leisure-based properties
•   Gaming licences in Malaysia, the US, the UK and The    
 Bahamas
• Preservation and maintenance of biodiversity of our 
     approximately 10,000 acre land bank in Genting Highlands
• Our team at RWG educates and raises awareness on rare and   
     unique plant and wildlife species in Genting Highlands through 
     its Genting Nature Adventures initiative
•   Genting Malaysia honours legally protected areas, 
     meticulously planning developments to prevent harm to 
     species listed in the International Union for Conservation of 
     Nature (“IUCN”) Red List
IMPACT TO KEY STAKEHOLDERS 
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value 78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 14

---- Page 40 ----
OVERVIEW OF SUSTAINABILITY
AT GENTING MALAYSIA
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
ELEVATING SUSTAINABILITY BEYOND BOUNDARIES 
 
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 
 
As a premier multinational conglomerate in the leisure and hospitality industry, sustainability is not just a goal but woven into 
our daily operations. We create experiences that entertain and advocate for environmental stewardship and social 
responsibility. Our commitment extends beyond providing exceptional hospitality and entertainment, encompassing a 
dedication to a sustainable future where our actions positively impact the planet and communities we serve. 
 
As we advance our sustainability agenda, we remain cognisant of how potential risks and opportunities can shape the 
direction of sustainability within our industry and have identiﬁed key sustainability drivers that illustrate the relationship between 
these risks and opportunities. We then strive to capitalise on the opportunities through a robust sustainability framework that 
targets our four main pillars of sustainability: Sound Governance, Marketplace Stewardship, Protecting the Environment and 
Uplifting People.  
 
OUR SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 
 
Genting Malaysia is dedicated to shaping a future where economic prosperity harmonises with environmental responsibility 
and social equity. In this pursuit, we seek to innovate, inspire, and lead by example with a strategy that transcends business 
as usual by integrating ethical business practices, environmental stewardship, and community engagement. 
 
Our robust sustainability framework harnesses these goals through four primary pillars: Sound Governance, Marketplace
 
Stewardship, Protecting the Environment, and Uplifting People. Clearly deﬁned strategies underpin each pillar and represent 
an unwavering commitment to embedding sustainability throughout operations. These strategies serve as guiding principles, 
ingraining sustainability in every decision and action.  
 
OUR SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This year, our Malaysian operations set speciﬁc targets for 2024 that align with our sustainability strategy. As the Group
 
continues to make progress on its sustainability journey, the Group is committed to progressively enhancing its sustainability-
related disclosures and targets to better reﬂect the varied operating environments of its businesses in Malaysia, the UK, Egypt, 
the US and The Bahamas.  
 
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value
38
Sound Governance Marketplace Steward ship
Protecting the EnvironmentUplifting People
Ethical Business Practices•
Regulatory Compliance•
Robust Risk Management•
• Creating Unparalleled 
 Customer Experiences 
• Sustainable Procurement
• Positive Economic Impact
• Responsible Development 
• Sustainable Resource
Utilisation and Emissions 
• Nurturing a Safe and  
 Sustainable Workplace
• Engaging Communities 
1 2 3 5 6 74 8

---- Page 41 ----
OVERVIEW OF SUSTAINABILITY AT GENTING MALAYSIA
7 6 5 3 2 14
39
8How Genting Malaysia Creates Value
Sound Governance 
 
Genting Malaysia upholds rigorous governance standards, emphasizing integrity, accountability, and ethical conduct. The 
Board oversees strategic direction, risk management, and compliance, aligning with legal standards. Committed to 
transparency, we foster stakeholder trust and maintain high professionalism. We ensure compliance with various regulations, 
including the Personal Data Protection Act ("PDPA"), Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Terrorism Financing and Proceeds of 
Unlawful Activities Act 2001 ("AMLA"), and Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption ("ABAC") policies.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Marketplace Stewardship 
 
Renowned for exceptional hospitality, Genting Malaysia prioritises delivering memorable experiences to our visitors. Our key 
priorities encompassing enhanced customer satisfaction monitoring, responsible gaming practices and stringent data privacy 
measures, is designed to reinforce relationships, foster loyalty, and drive sustained business growth. 
 
■ Enhanced Customer Satisfaction Monitoring  
 
RWG tracks customer satisfaction metrics like Overall Satisfaction (“OSAT”) and Net Promoter Score (“NPS”) at the 
business unit levels. In 2023, its premier offering, Crockfords, and theme parks achieved 'Great' ratings. These assets are 
also consistently recognised by independent third-parties for their quality and service delivery. Our goal is to sustain 
these high ratings, reﬂecting our commitment to exceptional customer experiences.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: An NPS score of -100 to 0 indicates “Needs Improvement”, 0 to 30 indicates “Good”, 30-70 is deemed “Great” while a score o f 70-
100 is considered “Excellent” 
 
■ Sustainable Procurement 
 
Our operations and purchasing decisions impact social, environmental, and economic conditions. Due to our reach 
and inﬂuence, we promote sustainable and responsible procurement practices, focusing on continued development 
and supporting local sources in the communities in which we operate. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Protecting the Environment 
 
Genting Malaysia's dedication to environmental sustainability extends to its commitment to protecting and preserving the 
natural ecosystems in which it operates. Dedicated to sustainability, the Group devises resource optimisation strategies for 
managing energy, waste and water to ensure efﬁcient utilisation, fostering a responsible and sustainable operational 
framework. 
 
As part of the Group's ongoing efforts in reducing its environmental impact, the Group is reviewing and ﬁnalising plans to 
introduce new resource management initiatives at RWG, which include the installation of solar rooftops at viable properties 
and the implementation of a district cooling system. 
 
In view of these endeavours, the Group is re-assessing its targets to ensure that it better reﬂects its current and future position. 
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
2024 Targets
• 100% of designated employees to complete training on PDPA, ABAC, AMLA and IT cybersecurity  
• Full compliance to PDPA, AMLA and ABAC policies 
• No material cybersecurity breaches
2024 Targets
Crockfords Above 30 
Theme Park Above 30 
2024 Targets
• >90% of procurement expenditure allocated to local sources 
• >70% of local procurement expenditure channeled to SMEs 
• Procurement from > 100 micro and small-sized suppliers 
• Upskilling >100 small and medium-sized enterprises through structured training and programmes

---- Page 42 ----
OVERVIEW OF SUSTAINABILITY AT GENTING MALAYSIA
Uplifting People 
 
Genting Malaysia is committed to societal progress by fostering positive change, empowering communities, promoting
 
diversity and enhancing employee well-being. Central to our success is our people. Continuously developing our teams and 
maintaining a strong culture is a priority and essential to achieving our long-term objectives. To promote local economic 
growth and help improve social conditions, we work closely with the communities where we operate to identify and invest in 
initiatives that help support their needs.
1 2 3 5 6 74
40
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value8
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
2024 Targets
Nurturing A Safe And Sustainable Workplace: 
• To conduct at least six S.AV.E environment projects annually to promote environmental protection among employees 
•To conduct > 150 health and safety programmes to prevent accidents and incidents 
• Zero fatalities 
• To conduct >24 engagement and wellbeing programmes to enhance the workplace and living environment 
• All employees are required to attend at least 16 hours of training annually as part of their ongoing development 
 
Engaging Communities 
• To introduce up to ﬁve community and capacity building programmes for underprivileged youths 
• To achieve at least 80 youth participation in the Group's engagement programmes 
• To recruit 30% of youths participating in the Group's engagement programmes into Genting Malaysia's workforce 

---- Page 43 ----
MATERIAL
MATTERS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78How Genting Malaysia Creates Value 6 5 3 2 14
41
Material matters 
 
Each year, we review sustainability topics most relevant to our business, partners, and stakeholders by analysing the social, 
environmental, and cultural impact of our activities and business relationships. 
 
We consider actual and potential negative and positive business impacts to determine our material sustainability topics in 
line with the GRI recommendations. The assessments consider various inputs, including the Group's priorities emerging risks 
and social value framework. 
 
We reviewed our 2023 materiality matrix and conﬁrmed its relevance and alignment with our ongoing business direction and 
unchanged priorities. Acknowledging this consistency, we plan to conduct a comprehensive reassessment next year to keep 
our sustainability focus aligned with evolving needs and contexts. 
 
TOP 8 MATERIALITY TOPICS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Materiality and Sustainability Priorities 
 
A wide range of sustainability issues is relevant to Genting Malaysia, presenting opportunities and risks for the business. 
 
Following the principle of materiality, Genting Malaysia conducts a stakeholder-driven assessment to identify material issues 
that reﬂect the Group’s signiﬁcant economic, environmental, and social impacts and substantively inﬂuence stakeholders’ 
decisions. 
 
THE PROCESS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Summary of Key Material Matters 
 
Genting Malaysia aligned and mapped material matters against the UN Sustainable Development Goals ("UNSDGs") and 
the Integrated Reporting Framework <IR> Capitals. This steers the organisations focus towards creating long-term sustainable 
value for all stakeholders while ensuring that our actions are purposeful, impactful, and aligned with worldwide development. 
SIGNIFICANCE TO STAKEHOLDERS
SIGNIFICANCE TO GENTING MALAYSIA
Community Engagement and Empowerment
Responsible Supply Chain
Climate Change
Biodiversity Protection
Resource Efﬁciency
Responsible Waste Management
Privacy Data Protection and 
Cybersecurity
Customer Experience
Employee Safety, Health and Wellbeing
Corporate GovernancePositive Economic Impact
Human Resource Management
Responsible Gaming
Regulatory Compliance
Sound Governance Marketplace Stewardship Protecting The Planet Uplifting People
• Final materiality 
matrix was presented 
to the Sustainability 
Steering Committee for 
validation and Board for 
endorsement
Prioritisation & Validation
was prese
S bility
g tt e 
io Board 
e
on
men
n d 
t
and
Commi
aina
n a
nt
•
topic based on industry 
benchmarking, value 
chain assessment 
and reference to ESG 
standards
se
ar
se
encet o ESG 
on 
ing, v
essmen
y
lue
t
Stakeholder Engagement
• 669 completed survey 
responses received from 
internal and external 
stakeholders via the 
online survey
ders v e
surv y
ceived
e a
via th
xter
• Material topics and 
descriptions were 
by Sustainability Working 
Committee members
bili n
m
ity Wor
embers
ki
1 2 3 4

---- Page 44 ----
Material Matters Why it Matters Risks
Regulatory 
Compliance 
Central to Genting Malaysia's business continuity 
and success is our commitment to maintaining 
strong relationships with regulators and 
authorities while rigorously adhering to 
compliance measures. Our adherence to 
stringent compliance standards is evident in our 
ability to sustain operations across both local and 
international markets, including in jurisdictions 
with high regulatory demands. This steadfast 
approach underscores our dedication to 
responsible and ethical business practices and 
contribute to our sustained operational license to 
operate and corporate integrity.
- Rising operational costs due to 
complex compliance 
requirements. 
 
- Reputational risks associated with 
incidents of non-compliance. 
Corporate 
Governance
Corporate governance forms the cornerstone of 
our business operations, underpinning effective, 
prudent management essential for the long-term 
success and sustainability of the Group.
- Risk of navigating increased 
complexity and escalating costs 
associated with compliance. 
 
- Potential for reputational harm 
due to incidents of non-
compliance. 
Data Privacy and 
Protection
Prioritising data privacy and protection is crucial 
for Genting Malaysia, given its reliance on 
technology to enhance productivity and 
customer experience. This commitment ensures 
legal compliance, ﬁnancial stability, and sustains 
the Group's reputation, thereby fostering a culture 
of trust among customers and stakeholders.
- Cyberattacks pose signiﬁcant 
risks to Genting Malaysia, 
including potential business 
disruptions, ﬁnancial losses, 
reputational damage, and 
erosion of customer trust.
Customer 
Experience
Our primary objective as a premier global 
integrated resort operator is to provide 
unforgettable and delightful experiences to all 
guests at our resorts and properties, ensuring their 
visit is enjoyable and memorable.
- Poor service levels or ineffective 
loyalty programmes may erode 
the customer experience and 
brand equity.
Stakeholders Affected:
MATERIAL MATTERS42
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
Stakeholders Affected:
Stakeholders Affected:
Stakeholders Affected:
Governments and regulators Investors Employees Suppliers and contractors
Customers Local Communities
Legend :
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value1 2 3 5 6 74 8

---- Page 45 ----
Opportunities Our Response Alignment to 
UNSDG
Capitals 
Affected 
- Steadfast engagement with 
stakeholders to uphold 
regulatory compliance. 
 
- Regular training to strengthen 
adherence to policies and 
procedures. 
- Implementation of stringent internal controls 
and rigorous review processes, ensuring 
compliance with the Anti-Money Laundering, 
Anti-Terrorism Financing and Proceeds of 
Unlawful Activities Act 2001   (“AMLA”) and 
adherence to Anti-Money Laundering, 
Countering Financing of Terrorism, Countering 
Proliferation Financing and Targeted Financial 
Sanctions ("AML/CFT/CPF and TFS") 
guidelines by Bank Negara Malaysia. 
 
- Unwavering commitment to zero tolerance 
towards all forms of bribery and corruption in 
line with GENM's ethical standards. 
- Fostering enhanced 
alignment with stakeholder 
expectations through regular 
engagement and dialogue.
- Adherence to high standards of corporate 
governance in managing the Group's affairs, 
ensuring decisions align with the Group's best 
interests. 
 
- The Board's leadership drives objective 
decision-making, valuing diversity in 
perspectives and insights for the Group's 
beneﬁt.
- Implementing 
comprehensive security 
measures not only protects 
operations but also serves as 
a competitive advantage, 
thereby enhancing customer 
trust and loyalty. 
 
- Conducting regular security 
assessments yields valuable 
data-driven insights, enabling 
optimization across various 
operational areas.
- Genting Malaysia proactively manages data 
privacy and protection by continually 
advancing the IT security ecosystem, investing 
in cybersecurity measures, and conducting 
thorough internal and external audits. 
 
- The Group places a strong emphasis on 
cybersecurity through comprehensive data 
privacy and cybersecurity training programs 
for employees.
- Offering high-quality, cost-
effective services to meet the 
needs of discerning 
customers. 
 
- Boosting market relevance 
and brand equity through 
innovative and differentiated 
products. 
 
- Continuously gauging 
customer sentiment to align 
with evolving trends and 
future demands. 
- Actively engaging with customers to 
understand their needs and expectations, 
identifying areas for service and product 
improvement. 
 
- Continuously enhancing the customer 
experience by leveraging innovative 
technologies for personalised services across 
all resorts and properties. 
MATERIAL MATTERS 43
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Financial 
Capital
Human  
Capital
Legend :
Intellectual 
Capital
Manufactured  
Capital
Nature 
Capital
Social and 
Relationship Capital
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value 78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 14

---- Page 46 ----
Material Matters Why it Matters Risks
Positive Economic 
Impact 
With operations of over 40 properties across Asia, 
the Middle East, Europe and the Americas, our 
business model generates signiﬁcant economic 
beneﬁts for the local communities in which we 
operate. This includes the creation of employment 
and business opportunities, as well the generation 
of signiﬁcant tax contributions that drive local 
economic development.
- A slowdown in global or 
domestic economic growth may 
impact consumers’ purchasing 
power, leading to reduced 
earnings. 
 
- High tax rates may impair GENM’s 
competitiveness vis-à-vis regional 
peers, which could adversely 
impact earnings and result in 
reduced capital and social 
investments.
Responsible 
Gaming
Creating a responsible gaming culture is central 
to our focus of delivering a safe and memorable 
customer experience.
- A lack of awareness about 
responsible gaming among 
patrons could lead to 
misinformed decisions and 
potentially harmful gaming 
habits. 
 
- Prevailing negative perceptions 
about gambling can impact the 
reputation of the leisure and 
hospitality industry, affecting 
customer trust and engagement.
Responsible Supply 
Chain
GENM prioritises the establishment of a 
responsible supply chain, collaborating closely 
with suppliers to ensure they adhere to 
responsible and ethical business practices 
throughout the value chain. This commitment 
underlines the Group's dedication to sustainability 
and ethical operations across its operations.
GENM recognizes the potential 
reputational risks associated with 
vendors or suppliers not adhering 
to ethical business practices. 
Ensuring compliance throughout 
the supply chain is crucial to 
maintain the Group's reputation for 
integrity and ethical conduct.
MATERIAL MATTERS44
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
Stakeholders Affected:
Stakeholders Affected:
Stakeholders Affected:
Governments and regulators Investors Employees Suppliers and contractors
Customers Local Communities
Legend :
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value1 2 3 5 6 74 8

---- Page 47 ----
Opportunities Our Response Alignment to 
UNSDG
Capitals 
Affected 
- Active engagement with 
regulators and governments 
to foster collaboration and 
highlight concerns.
- GENM ensures the long-term sustainability of 
its business to enable it to continue playing a 
positive role in the communities where it 
operates and in wider society. 
 
- Throughout its history operating in some of the 
most highly regulated jurisdictions worldwide, 
GENM has been a key contributor to the 
development of local economies by creating 
and supporting jobs, upskilling local 
communities, sourcing from local suppliers as 
well as generating revenue for local 
governments.  
- Upholding a reputation as a 
compliant and responsible 
Group enhances brand value 
and customer trust. 
 
- Partnering with other 
organisations to advance 
responsible gaming initiatives, 
reinforcing a commitment to 
ethical practices. 
 
- Rigorous training and 
engaging staff in responsible 
gaming practices to ensure 
informed and ethical 
operations. 
- GENM actively exceeds regulatory 
requirements, implementing advanced 
responsible gaming measures and initiatives 
across all properties, demonstrating 
leadership in ethical gaming practices. 
 
- GENM's commitment to responsible gambling 
is acknowledged by regulatory bodies and 
independent third parties, reﬂecting its 
dedication to ethical practices in the gaming 
industry. 
 
- In 2023, RWG's gaming operations achieved 
RG Check accreditation from the Responsible 
Gambling Council of Canada, conﬁrming 
adherence to the highest standards of 
responsible gaming. 
GENM actively engages with 
suppliers and vendors to 
promote and implement 
sustainable supply chain 
practices. This approach is 
integral to maintaining a 
responsible and ethical 
business environment and 
aligns with GENM's 
commitment to sustainability.
- GENM upholds the high standards of ethical 
conduct, social responsibility, and 
environmental stewardship across its 
operations. 
 
- The Group mandates all suppliers to operate 
in strict adherence to the principles outlined in 
GENM's Supplier Code of Conduct, ensuring 
full compliance with all relevant rules and 
regulations. This commitment ensures a 
responsible and sustainable supply chain 
aligned with GENM's ethical standards. 
MATERIAL MATTERS 45
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Financial 
Capital
Human  
Capital
Legend :
Intellectual 
Capital
Manufactured  
Capital
Nature 
Capital
Social and 
Relationship Capital
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value 78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 14

---- Page 48 ----
MATERIAL MATTERS46
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
Material Matters Why it Matters Risks
Responsible Waste 
Management
Recognising the critical environmental impact of 
excess waste, GENM is committed to transitioning 
towards sustainable waste management 
practices. This shift is essential for enhancing and 
preserving environmental quality, aligning with 
GENM's dedication to environmental stewardship.
- GENM faces potential risks 
associated with limited landﬁll 
space and the increasing costs 
of waste disposal. Failure to 
address these challenges 
adequately may have adverse 
environmental and ﬁnancial 
consequences for the Group.
Resource 
Efﬁciency 
Businesses must responsibly utilise Earth's ﬁnite 
natural resources, ensuring efﬁciency and 
sustainability while minimising environmental 
impacts. This commitment to responsible resource 
management is essential for long-term 
environmental stewardship.
- Inefﬁcient utilisation of resources 
can pose challenges, both in 
terms of environmental impact 
and cost-effectiveness. 
 
- The presence of ineffective 
systems for managing 
environmental impact may 
hinder the Group's ability to 
address sustainability concerns 
effectively. 
Biodiversity  
Protection
Biodiversity is fundamental to the functioning of 
ecosystems and the wellbeing of the planet and 
its inhabitants. Protecting biodiversity helps ﬁght 
climate change as well as reduces the impact of 
natural hazards.
- Damage to biodiversity increases 
susceptibility to natural disasters, 
leading to business disruptions 
and loss of earnings.
Stakeholders Affected:
Stakeholders Affected:
Stakeholders Affected:
Governments and regulators Investors Employees Suppliers and contractors
Customers Local Communities
Legend :
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value1 2 3 5 6 74 8

---- Page 49 ----
MATERIAL MATTERS 47
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Opportunities Our Response Alignment to 
UNSDG
Capitals 
Affected 
- GENM can capitalise on 
digitalisation to reduce waste 
generation and enhance 
waste and efﬂuent 
management whilst 
improving operational 
efﬁciency. 
 
- Exploring the sale of reusable 
or recyclable waste materials 
presents an opportunity for 
GENM to generate additional 
revenue while contributing to 
sustainable waste 
management practices. 
- GENM's commitment to the waste 
management hierarchy, which prioritises 
prevention, reduction, reuse, recycling, 
recovery, and disposal in an environmentally 
preferred order, presents an opportunity to 
enhance its environmental sustainability 
efforts. By focusing on waste reduction and 
recycling, the company can further minimize 
its environmental impact. 
 
- The regular review of waste management 
plans and the use of performance indicators 
to measure progress and performance 
provide an opportunity for GENM to 
continuously improve its waste management 
practices. This approach ensures that the 
company stays aligned with its environmental 
goals and objectives. 
- Improving resource 
management efﬁciency can 
lead to increased proﬁtability. 
 
- Enhancing data collection, 
measurement, and 
monitoring practices 
contributes to better 
sustainability assessment and 
decision-making.
- GENM is committed to conducting its business 
in a manner which responsibly manages the 
environmental footprint of its operations.  
 
- The Group integrates environmental 
management practices into its operations, 
and continually improves its operational eco-
efﬁciency by adopting industry best practices 
and green innovation to minimise its 
environmental impact. 
- Work with external experts to 
develop and reﬁne 
approaches to biodiversity 
protection.  
 
- Investing in research that 
aims to identify important 
biodiversity areas for future 
conservation or restoration. 
- GENM is committed to striking a sustainable 
balance between development projects and 
the conservation of ecosystems in which it 
operates. 
 
- The Group includes biodiversity evaluations in 
environmental impact assessments and 
consider the potential effects on local 
communities. 
Financial 
Capital
Human  
Capital
Legend :
Intellectual 
Capital
Manufactured  
Capital
Nature 
Capital
Social and 
Relationship Capital
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value 78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 14

---- Page 50 ----
MATERIAL MATTERS48
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
Material Matters Why it Matters Risks
Climate  
Change
Climate change issues are becoming more 
pressing, presenting multiple dimensions of 
concern and affecting all forms of life on Earth.  
Effects of global warming, such as 
increasing incidence of natural 
disasters, could lead to reduced 
travel, disruptions to business 
operations, and damage to assets.
Employee Safety, Health, 
and Wellbeing
Caring for the health, safety and wellbeing of our 
employees is critical to our success as individuals 
and as a Group.
- Unsafe working conditions and 
labour practices can cause loss 
of stakeholder trust, ﬁnes, and 
penalties. 
 
- Financial and non-ﬁnancial 
impact to the Group because of 
work-related injuries. 
Human Resource 
Management
Effective human resource management is crucial 
in optimising business operations as well as in 
ensuring the long-term sustainability of the 
business.
- Failure to attract, train, motivate 
and retain qualiﬁed and skilled 
employees. 
 
- Changes in labour legislation, 
could hinder operational ﬂexibility 
and increase compliance cost.  
Community Engagement 
and Empowerment
As a responsible corporate citizen, we strive to 
uplift communities through community 
development programmes and contributions to 
social causes.
- Reduced support from local 
communities, which could result 
in fewer growth opportunities.
Stakeholders Affected:
Stakeholders Affected:
Stakeholders Affected:
Stakeholders Affected:
Governments and regulators Investors Employees Suppliers and contractors
Customers Local Communities
Legend :
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value1 2 3 5 6 74 8

---- Page 51 ----
MATERIAL MATTERS 49
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Opportunities Our Response Alignment to 
UNSDG
Capitals 
Affected 
Awareness of emerging trends 
and impact of climate change 
will enable us to adapt and 
proactively address these 
issues to drive business 
resilience.
- GENM supports the national climate targets 
and initiatives of the countries in which it 
operates. 
 
- All ﬁve countries where we operate are 
signatories to the Paris Agreement, and the 
Group will do its part to combat climate 
change.
- Utilising digital solutions to 
streamline workﬂows and 
enhance employee 
experience. 
 
- Enhancing occupational 
health and safety practices to 
improve overall productivity. 
- Health and safety are ingrained in the Group’s 
culture and the Group has high standards of 
compliance in this area.  
 
- GENM is committed to conducting its 
operations in a manner which safeguards the 
health, safety, and wellbeing of its employees, 
as well as provide an environment where 
employees can thrive and achieve the 
strategic priorities of the Group. 
- Employee development and 
engagement to attract and 
retain high-calibre people. 
 
- Utilising technology to 
enhance the talent 
management process and 
employee outreach. 
- GENM is committed to building a workplace 
that nurtures talent and prioritises the 
wellbeing and self-improvement of its 
employees. 
 
- Diverse workforce based on employment 
equity strategy. 
 
- Performance-driven culture. 
- Improved stakeholder 
relationships, with deeper 
understanding of their 
priorities and concerns.
- GENM’s centers our community engagement 
efforts based on the economic and social 
progress of the communities we operate in. 
 
- The Group’s community engagement 
programmes focus on philanthropy, capacity 
building and volunteerism, targeting a diverse 
group of beneﬁciaries to deliver lasting 
outcomes. 
Financial 
Capital
Human  
Capital
Legend :
Intellectual 
Capital
Manufactured  
Capital
Nature 
Capital
Social and 
Relationship Capital
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value 78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 14

---- Page 52 ----
Suppliers and Contractors
Why We Engage Engagement Methods Concerns and Areas of 
Interest Our Response
• Our suppliers and business partners 
provide us business products and services 
that enable us to drive our growth and 
business strategy. 
• To ensure our suppliers and contractors 
uphold high standards of ethics and 
conduct. 
• Supplier pre-qualiﬁcation 
selection criteria 
• Tender evaluation process 
• Supplier code of conduct 
• Training and upskilling 
programmes 
• Supplier Appreciation Night 
• Driving responsible 
and sustainable 
practices throughout 
the supply chain
• Engaging continuously with 
suppliers and contractors to 
understand their needs and 
ensure long term business 
relations
Employees
Why We Engage Engagement Methods Concerns and Areas of 
Interest Our Response
• Our workforce is essential to delivering 
delightful and memorable experiences to 
our customers. 
• We are committed to building a strong 
workforce and creating meaningful career 
opportunities. 
• We strive to continuously upskill our 
employees and support professional and 
personal goals.
• Yearly cross-functional visits 
• Mid-year and annual 
performance appraisal 
• Quarterly newsletters 
• Senior management town hall 
events 
• Monthly Leadership 
Engagement Programme 
• Sports tournaments, outdoor 
activities, and weekly wellness 
programmes 
• Yearly Employee Appreciation 
Night 
• Providing improved 
workspaces   
• Prioritising employee 
welfare 
• Delivering merit-based 
training and career 
progression 
opportunities for 
employees 
• Establishing a robust 
Learning and Development 
strategy 
• Enhancing the recognition 
and retention plan 
• Delivering regular training for 
employees of all levels 
• Conducting health and well-
being programmes
STAKEHOLDER
ENGAGEMENT
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
50
At Genting Malaysia, we place foremost importance on understanding the needs, concerns, and priorities of our stakeholders. This deep 
understanding serves as a cornerstone for developing our business strategy, shaping our products and services, and driving our sustainability 
initiatives and reporting. We are committed to fostering meaningful engagement with our stakeholders, and we do so actively and consistently 
across various communication platforms. This ongoing dialogue allows us to gain valuable insights into our stakeholders' perceptions of aspects 
related to our businesses. By actively listening and responding to their feedback, we can better align our strategies with their needs and 
aspirations, delivering sustainable value to all parties involved. Our stakeholder engagement process involves the identiﬁcation and prioritization 
of material issues, which guides our actions and decisions. We continually review and assess the impact of our initiatives, ensuring that we 
address concerns effectively and transparently.
Government and Regulators
Why We Engage Engagement Methods Concerns and Areas of 
Interest Our Response
• Governments and regulators specify the 
national laws and regulations that 
determine the license and scope of our 
activities in our respective operating 
markets.  
• They provide access to operating licenses 
and impose regulatory measures which 
have potential implications for the Group.  
• To remain informed on changes and 
developments impacting the sector and 
economy. 
•  To remain in compliance of legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
• Meetings with senior 
government ofﬁcials 
• Government-Private 
Partnerships for community 
investments 
• Safety collaborations with the 
Department of Safety and 
Health (“DOSH”) and Ministry of 
Health (“MOH”)
• Complying with 
applicable 
regulations and laws 
wherever operations 
are based
• Ensuring strict compliance 
with all applicable national 
and international regulations 
that our operations are 
subjected to
Customers
Why We Engage Engagement Methods Concerns and Areas of 
Interest Our Response
• To understand their needs and 
expectations. 
• We are committed to delivering unparallel 
experiences to our customers.
• Daily customer engagement 
• Daily customer satisfaction 
surveys 
• Loyalty programmes (Genting 
Rewards) 
• Creating delightful 
and memorable 
experiences for 
customers 
• Ensuring strict health 
and safety standard 
operating procedures 
(“SOPs”)  
• Ensuring high customer 
satisfaction through stringent 
quality control 
• Training our employees in 
optimal customer experience
1 How Genting Malaysia Creates Value2 3 5 6 74 8

---- Page 53 ----
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 51
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Capital Providers
Why We Engage Engagement Methods Concerns and Areas of 
Interest Our Response
• Shareholders, ﬁnancial institutions and 
investors provide us with the ﬁnancial 
capital needed to sustain our growth. 
• To ensure clear, timely and effective 
communication to facilitate their 
investment decisions in the Group. 
• To obtain feedback from capital providers 
on their views and expectations of Genting 
Malaysia.
• Dedicated Investor Relations 
team 
• Quarterly ﬁnancial results 
announcements 
• Quarterly analyst brieﬁngs 
• Press release 
• Annual General Meeting 
• One-on-one and small group 
meetings 
• Property visits 
• Local and overseas investor 
conferences 
• Corporate website
• Providing timely and 
regular updates on 
ﬁnancial 
performance, 
business strategy and 
additional investor 
requirements 
• Consistent interaction 
through Annual General 
Meetings, conference calls, 
in-person meetings, property 
visits and investor 
conferences 
• Delivering ﬁnancial reports 
• Responding to research 
conducted by various 
Environmental, Social and 
Governance (“ESG”) rating 
agencies 
Annually Quarterly Monthly Daily Weekly When Required
Trade Unions
Why We Engage Engagement Methods Concerns and Areas of 
Interest Our Response
• We are committed to the development 
and welfare of our employees by forging 
partnership that will serve and beneﬁt the 
workforce. 
• We recognise the importance of  open 
and ongoing dialogue with local unions to 
address opportunities, emerging topics 
and areas of concern for our employees. 
• Management Union Joint 
Meetings 
• Industry membership 
• Industry forums 
• Joint Consultative Committee
• Fostering 
collaborative 
partnerships 
• Improving safety 
standards 
• Achieving better 
remuneration and 
beneﬁts 
• Improving working 
conditions 
• Promoting a collaborative 
relationship through 
continuous support and 
open communication 
• Building a culture of trust, 
mutual respect and dialogue 
to improve working 
conditions 
Media
Why We Engage Engagement Methods Concerns and Areas of 
Interest Our Response
• The media provides a platform to 
communicate with our key stakeholders 
and local communities. 
• Media channels allow us to promote new 
products and services, corporate 
announcements and thought leadership. 
• Press release 
• Social media 
• Advertisements 
• Interviews 
• Disseminating timely 
and accurate 
information on 
Genting Malaysia
• Ensuring news and 
information regarding 
Genting Malaysia is accurate 
and available promptly 
across all communication 
channels, including online 
and ofﬂine media
Local Communities
Why We Engage Engagement Methods Concerns and Areas of 
Interest Our Response
• To create a positive impact on our local 
communities, through positive economic 
impact generated from our business and 
social initiatives focused on the 
communities we operate in.
• Donations and philanthropic 
contributions 
• Community investments 
• Supporting local 
communities in social, 
environmental, and 
capacity 
development 
• Fostering 
collaborative 
partnerships 
• Interacting with organisations 
and communities to gain 
insight into their needs. 
• Developing holistic and 
impactful community 
programmes 
How Genting Malaysia Creates Value 78 6 5 3 2 147 6 5 3 2 14

---- Page 54 ----
STRATEGIC 
REVIEW
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
1 Management Discussion and Analysis2 3 5 6 74
52
8
OPERATING ENVIRONMENT 
 
MALAYSIAN LANDSCAPE 
 
Genting Malaysia is well-positioned to beneﬁt from the anticipated growth in regional tourism and domestic private 
consumption.
 According to the Malaysia Tourism Promotion Board, Malaysia recorded 20.1 million foreign tourist arrivals in 
2023, and this is expected to grow to 27.3 million in 2024. The Group's strategic focus on increasing visitation and customer 
spend at RWG aligns with the positive outlook for the tourism sector.  
 
At RWG, Genting Malaysia intensiﬁed its efforts to enhance guest experiences and operational efﬁciencies, leveraging on the 
inﬂux of inbound tourist arrivals to drive trafﬁc at RWG. Visitation to RWG continued to improve, with the resort registering 24.9 
million visitors in FY2023, representing a 12% increase from the prior year . Despite competitive pressures, Genting Malaysia 
remains committed to implementing innovative marketing initiatives to expand customer reach and capitalise on value 
offerings across key business segments.  
 
Furthermore, ongoing investments in infrastructure enhancements at Genting Highlands underscore the Group's dedication 
to ensuring the safety and satisfaction of visitors and the surrounding community. The nation's economic resurgence, coupled 
with the reopening of borders and relaxation of travel restrictions, has provided the Group with opportunities to strategically 
position itself in the tourism sector. Concurrently, the Group's emphasis on effective cost management highlights its commitment 
to navigating the ﬂuid operating environment. 
 
INTERNATIONAL LANDSCAPE 
 
Internationally, Genting Malaysia's operations across different regions faced diverse challenges and opportunities shaped by 
shifting consumer pr
eferences and economic uncertainties. As countries worldwide navigated the complexities of economic 
recovery, the global tourism sector remained resilient, albeit challenges from macroeconomic uncertainties and inﬂationary 
pressures remain. Genting Malaysia's operations in the UK, Egypt, the US, and The Bahamas reﬂected this dynamic environment, 
where the Group maintained adaptability and strategic focus to drive sustainable growth and resilience in each market.
UNITED KINGDOM AND EGYPT 
 
In the UK, Genting Malaysia persisted in maintaining recovery 
momentum amidst challenging oper
ating landscapes. The 
Group witnessed sustained positive performance from its 
casinos, indicating resilience in the face of adversity. Genting 
Malaysia remains steadfast in exploring opportunities and 
investing in capabilities to fortify the resilience of its business 
operations. Particularly, emphasis is placed on strengthening 
the Core Casinos division while continuously seeking 
avenues for growth. Additionally, the Group remains 
committed to implementing effective cost management 
strategies to enhance operational leverage and drive overall 
business proﬁtability . Strategic investments in product quality 
and service delivery continued to be prioritised, reﬂecting the 
Group's commitment to enhancing the overall customer 
experience. 
UNITED STATES AND BAHAMAS  
 
In the US, Genting Malaysia continued to focus on fortifying 
its mark
et position and expanding its footprint in New York 
State to effectively compete in the northeastern region. The 
Group continued to actively  grow its customer database 
while leveraging synergies between RWNYC and Empire's 
assets to enhance overall business returns. Close monitoring 
of developments related to the New York Gaming Facility 
Board's Request for Application remained paramount, with 
the aim of capitalising on potential opportunities presented 
by the solicitation of proposals for up to three commercial 
casinos in the state. 
 
In The Bahamas, Genting Malaysia remained focused on 
fostering partnerships with international cruise operators to 
increase the number of port calls at RW Bimini. 
Simultaneously, the Group focused on intensifying marketing 
efforts and strategic collaborations to drive increased 
visitation to the resort. Upholding ﬁscal discipline, Genting 
Malaysia remained focused on enhancing operational 
performance and proﬁtability at the resort. 

---- Page 55 ----
KEY MARKET
TREND
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78Management Discussion and Analysis 6 5 3 2 14
53
Tourism Landscape
The forecast for 2024 anticipates a continued recovery in travel, driven by sustained demand for international 
leisur
e trips. This resurgence is underpinned by the restoration of global air connectivity and a projected 
rebound in travel demand across Asia. As numerous source markets and destinations ramp up their tourism 
efforts, the competition for tourist trafﬁc is expected to intensify. Visa and travel facilitation measures are further 
catalysing travel to and within the region, fostering heightened competition among countries for a share of 
the tourism market. 
 
In Malaysia, the outlook remains promising, with factors such as visa-free entry for citizens of China and India, 
improved ﬂight connections, and ambitious tourism objectives for 2026, all of which are poised to propel 
further growth in tourist arrivals and spending.  
 
Over in the US, the tourism landscape is expected to continue improving. Anticipated policy changes, 
including the facilitation of travel to and within the US, are expected to further contribute to growing tourism 
arrivals. Similarly, The Bahamas is experiencing signiﬁcant growth in tourism, thanks to increased cruise calls 
and upgraded port facilities. 
 
In the UK, the leisure sector is navigating a complex economic environment characterised by inﬂationary 
pressures and evolving regulations. This encourages tourism and leisure operators to not only adapt to 
immediate economic conditions but also anticipate future market shifts to remain competitive and appealing 
to both domestic and international visitors. 
 
Amidst the current landscape, existing macroeconomic challenges could pose signiﬁcant threats to the 
sustained recovery of international tourism. Inﬂationary pressures are leading tourists to reconsider their travel 
choices, favouring more value-driven experiences closer to home. This trend could potentially impact 
international leisure travel demand and spending patterns, requiring the industry to adapt its offerings to 
meet evolving consumer needs.  
 
In addition to economic concerns, geopolitical factors also loom large as potential obstacles to the recovery 
of international tourism. Political instability, trade disputes, and global tensions can disrupt travel conﬁdence 
and hinder cross-border movement. Such uncertainties may lead to ﬂuctuations in tourist arrivals and impact 
destination choices, necessitating careful navigation of geopolitical risks by industry stakeholders.  
 
Concurrently, there's a notable shift in consumer consciousness towards sustainability within the tourism sector. 
Growing awareness of environmental and social issues is reshaping travel preferences, with an increasing 
number of travellers seeking eco-friendly and socially responsible options. This trend underscores the 
importance of sustainability initiatives and practices within the industry, presenting both challenges and 
opportunities for businesses to align with evolving consumer values and preferences. 
 
In this dynamic landscape, adaptability and sustainability are emerging as pivotal factors inﬂuencing 
consumer choice. For leisure and hospitality operators, maintaining agility and staying attuned to evolving 
market dynamics will be imperative for success.
To navigate these challenges and capitalise on emerging opportunities, the Group has implemented a 
strategic approach focused on: 
 
• Targeted Marketing and Promotions:  
Leveraging data-driven analytics and resources to identify and capitalise on revenue opportunities 
through tailored marketing campaigns. 
 
• Market Expansion:  
Strengthening our presence in ASEAN, north Asia, and Indian markets by enhancing our distribution 
network and digital marketing efforts and collaborating with online travel agencies (OTAs) to expand 
customer reach and attract foreign visitation to RWG. 
 
• Genting Rewards Loyalty Programme:  
Enhancing customer experience through an attractive Genting Rewards loyalty programme, offering 
value and choice to members. 
 
• Investing in Our Database and Leisure and Hospitality Offerings: 
Continued investments in Genting Malaysia's database and leisure and hospitality offerings to provide 
memorable experiences that meet evolving consumer expectations. 
 
• Commitment to Sustainable Tourism:  
Contributing to the enhancement of Malaysia's tourism industry through the promotion of ecotourism 
and sustainable tourism experiences.
GENM’s 
Response
Overview

---- Page 56 ----
MANAGING
OUR KEY RISKS
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
1 Management Discussion and Analysis2 3 5 6 74
54
8
Description of Risk 
 
The business activities of the Group may be disrupted by 
failure to renew a core operational license, an outbreak of 
major contagious disease, and any major natural disasters. 
Appropriate systems and procedures with adequate 
capacity and resources have been put in place to mitigate 
these risks. Relevant disaster recovery and business 
continuity management plans have been established. These 
plans are reviewed and updated regularly, and tested to 
ensure that they are effective in mitigating the adverse 
impact arising from prolonged business disruptions.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Response 
 
• Robust Health Protocols: Implementing rigorous health 
measures to prevent contagious diseases. 
• Strong Governance Structure: Maintaining a robust 
governance framework to oversee and enforce 
compliance with all business continuity policies and 
procedures, ensuring accountability and transparency 
in risk management efforts. 
• Food Safety Standards: Ensuring adherence to strict 
food safety guidelines across all operations. 
• Enhanced Security Measures: Establishing robust 
security protocols to safeguard guests and employees. 
• Employee Training and Development: Providing 
continual training to staff for effective risk management. 
• Policy Review and Updates:  Regularly reviewing and 
updating business continuity policies to align with 
global standards and regulatory requirements. 
• Commitment to Safety: Ensuring a safe and enjoyable 
experiences for all guests and employees through 
comprehensive safety measures. 
In a dynamic business landscape, effective risk management is crucial in steering our Group towards sustainable growth. 
We are acutely aware of the various potential risks that can inﬂuence our industry's trajectory and proactively identify and 
managing these risks. We aim to minimise their impact on our global operations. This approach not only protects us but also 
allows us to seize the opportunities that arise, enabling us to adapt and thrive in a constantly evolving environment. 
 
The following are among the key business risks for the Group:
Description of Risk 
 
Genting Malaysia confronts multifaceted challenges 
concerning the safety and security of its properties, guests, 
and workforce. These challenges encompass health and 
safety hazards, cybersecurity vulnerabilities, and potential 
breaches in security protocols inherent to daily operations. 
To mitigate these risks, Genting Malaysia has implemented 
rigorous control measures, harnessing technological 
advancements and vigilant monitoring to fortify its properties 
and assets while preemptively addressing potential threats 
to its valued customers and dedicated workforce. 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Response 
 
• Enhanced Health and Safety Measures: Investments in 
measures that promote a safe environment, whilst 
strengthening the Group's health and safety culture 
with increased risk awareness and accountability. 
• Employee Training and Development: Providing 
continual training to staff for effective health and safety 
risk management. 
• Zero Trust Network Access with Multi-Factor 
Authentication: Replacing traditional VPN services, thus 
enhancing security. 
• External Managed Security Services: Utilizing globally 
recognized services for 24x7 monitoring and response 
to cyber threats. 
• ISO 27001:2013 Certiﬁcation: Resorts World Genting's 
IT services and data centre operations are ISO 
27001:2013 certiﬁed. 
• Advanced Surveillance Systems: Utilising cutting-edge 
surveillance technology to monitor and mitigate 
security risks across all facilities. 
• Continuous Security Audits: Conducting regular audits 
and assessments to identify vulnerabilities and areas for 
improvement in security protocols. 
• Collaborative Partnerships: Establishing partnerships 
with law enforcement agencies and security 
organisations to enhance overall security and response 
capabilities.
1 Safety and Security 
2 Business Continuity 
Legend :
Financial
Capital
Human
Capital
Intellectual
Capital
Natural
Capital
Manufactured
Capital
Social and
Relationship Capital

---- Page 57 ----
Description of Risk 
 
In the leisure and hospitality sector, Genting Malaysia's 
operations are sensitive to global economic factors affecting 
discretionary leisure spending. Variations in economic 
conditions, unemployment, and consumer conﬁdence 
directly inﬂuence demand for its services. Additionally, being 
an international player, Genting Malaysia faces foreign 
exchange risks, with currency ﬂuctuations impacting its 
ﬁnancial results. 
 
Our Response 
 
• Proactive Monitoring: Continuously monitoring the 
macroeconomic environment and adjusting the 
capital structure to effectively manage external risks. 
• Opportunity Vigilance: Maintaining vigilance to 
monitor and seize beneﬁcial business opportunities as 
they arise. 
• Digitalisation and Automation:  Committing to ongoing 
digitalization and automation initiatives to optimise 
yields and improve operational efﬁciencies. 
• Currency Risk Mitigation:  Developing hedging 
strategies, including natural hedges, to mitigate 
currency risks in business operations. 
• Operational Excellence: Focusing on operational 
excellence to drive efﬁciencies and derive incremental 
value from existing operations. 
 
Macroeconomic Environment
Legend :
Financial
Capital
Human
Capital
Intellectual
Capital
Natural
Capital
Manufactured
Capital
Social and
Relationship Capital
MANAGING OUR KEY RISKS
7 6 5 3 2 14
55
8Management Discussion and Analysis
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
Genting Malaysia recognizes the importance of staying vigilant to evolving threats that could impact its operations, such as 
in the macroeconomic environment as discussed below. By identifying and addressing them early on, the Group aims to 
maintain its resilience and adaptability amidst an ever-changing business landscape.

---- Page 58 ----
FIVE-YEAR
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
1 Financial Performance Review2 3 5 6 74
56
8
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated                        2023                2022              2021               2020             2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                     
Revenue                                                                                10,189.4            8,603.0          4,156.7           4,528.8       10,406.9   
  
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                        2,632.2             2,116.6             727.0              350.3         2,641.4   
Proﬁt/(Loss) before taxation                                                         674.2              (342.2)        (1,147.7)         (2,137.5)        1,489.4   
Taxation                                                                                        (313.3)            (325.2)              96.7             (224.0)         (157.2)   
Proﬁt/(Loss) for the ﬁnancial year                                             360.9              (667.4)        (1,051.0)         (2,361.5)        1,332.2   
 
Proﬁt/(Loss) attributable to equity holders                                        
  of the Company                                                                      436.8             (520.0)           (946.8)         (2,263.8)        1,395.3   
 
Share capital                                                                              1,764.5            1,764.5          1,764.5           1,764.5         1,764.5   
Retained earnings                                                                      9,616.6          10,034.6        11,407.0         12,813.1       16,206.4   
Other reserves                                                                            2,382.1             1,781.3          1,598.2           1,322.1         1,524.8   
Treasury shares                                                                            (935.7)             (944.5)           (985.9)            (987.9)         (998.1)   
                                                                                                  12,827.5           12,635.9        13,783.8         14,911.8       18,497.6   
Non-controlling interests                                                             (815.4)             (706.9)           (531.2)            (411.2)         (327.6)   
Non-current liabilities                                                               13,958.5           12,953.6        14,111.7         10,808.8       10,415.3   
                                                                                                  25,970.6           24,882.6        27,364.3         25,309.4       28,585.3   
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Property, plant and equipment                                              14,497.5           15,380.8        16,007.9         16,052.4       16,620.9   
Land held for property development                                          176.3                199.1             180.5              184.6            184.6   
Investment properties                                                                   910.3             1,884.1          1,835.6           1,729.7         1,895.6   
Intangible assets                                                                        4,253.2             4,083.6          4,183.4           4,247.7         4,472.8   
Right-of-use assets                                                                         604.1               627.7             670.4              741.6            872.0      
Joint venture                                                                                    41.7                  42.8               42.9                      -                    -     
Associates                                                                                   1,936.0            2,062.2          1,685.5           1,052.2            629.5     
Financial assets at fair value through  
other comprehensive income                                                     71.0                  67.9               64.6                62.3            115.9   
Financial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss                       50.3               119.0             130.4              118.1            122.7     
Other non-current assets                                                              355.6                337.1               49.2              102.2              74.0   
Deferred tax assets                                                                          43.2                 29.4               34.1                31.7            262.1   
Total non-current assets                                                       22,939.2          24,833.7        24,884.5         24,322.5       25,250.1   
Net current assets                                                                      3,031.4                  48.9          2,479.8              986.9         3,335.2   
                                                                                                  25,970.6           24,882.6        27,364.3         25,309.4       28,585.3   
 
Basic earnings/(loss) per share (sen)                                             7.7                  (9.2)             (16.8)              (40.0)             24.7   
Net dividend per share (sen)                                                        15.0#                  15.0                  9.0                14.5              20.0   
Dividend cover (times)                                                                      0.5                    Nil                  Nil                   Nil                1.2   
Current ratio                                                                                       2.0                   1.0                 1.8                  1.3                1.7   
Net assets per share (RM)                                                              2.26                  2.23               2.44                2.64              3.27   
Return (after tax and non-controlling interests) 
on average shareholders' equity (%)                                            3.4                  (3.9)               (6.6)              (13.6)               7.6   
 
Market share price  
- highest (RM)                                                                                2.92                 3.09                3.29                3.36              3.90  
- lowest (RM)                                                                                  2.40                 2.52                2.36                1.83              2.95  
 
 
#   Comprised interim and ﬁnal single-tier dividends of 6.0 and 9.0 sen per ordinary share, respectively.

---- Page 59 ----
ADJUSTED EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST, TAX, 
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION 
(“ADJUSTED EBITDA”) 
 
Adjusted EBITDA excludes the effects of non-recurring items 
fr
om the reporting segments, such as impairment 
losses/reversal of previously recognised impairment losses, 
pre-operating expenses, gain or loss on disposal of 
assets/subsidiaries and assets written off.  
 
The Group’s  Adjusted EBITDA for 2023 was RM2,632.2 million, 
an increase of RM515.6 million (24%) compared with 
RM2,116.6 million in 2022. The higher Adjusted EBITDA is 
mainly due to the continued growth in business volumes as 
the leisure and hospitality business recovers from the impact 
of COVID-19. 
 
SHARE OF RESUL
TS IN ASSOCIATES 
 
The Group’s share of losses in associates, Genting Empire 
Resor
ts LLC, the holding company of Empire Resorts, Inc. 
(“Empire”) increased by RM65.6 million to RM218.8 million 
(2022: RM153.2 million). The increase in the share of losses 
were mainly due to higher payroll costs and operating 
expenses during the ﬁnancial year and the increase of 
effective economic interest from 66.6% to 76.3% in December 
2022. 
 
TAXATION 
 
The tax expense for the Group was RM313.3 million 
compar
ed with RM325.2 million for 2022, a decrease of 4%. 
The decrease was mainly due to the recognition of tax 
incentive and increase in income not subject to tax; offset by 
increase in chargeable income arising from higher business 
volumes.                         
 
PROFIT/ LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS 
OF THE 
COMPANY  
As a result of the above, the Group turned from a loss 
attribut
able to equity holders of the Company of RM520.0 
million for 2022 to a proﬁt attributable to equity holders of the 
Company of RM436.8 million for 2023. 
 
 
 
 
 
GROUP FINANCIAL
REVIEW
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78Financial Performance Review 6 5 3 2 14
57
REVENUE 
 
The Group’s revenue for 2023 was RM10,189.4 million, an increase of RM1,586.4 million (18%) compared with RM8,603.0 million 
in 2022.
 The signiﬁcant increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the overall improvement in business volumes upon global 
easing of COVID-19 related restrictions, the re-opening of key markets and strong pent-up demand during the ﬁnancial year. 
 
Revenue across all our geographical segments registered a year-on-year increase, led by the leisure and hospitality business 
in Malaysia, which was higher by RM1,202.5 million, followed by the US and The Bahamas which increased by RM215.9 million 
and ﬁnally, the UK and Egypt businesses which increased RM161.9 million. 
Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023 (“2023”) compared with Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (“2022”)
COST AND EXPENSES 
 
Total costs and expenses before ﬁnance costs for 2023 
amount
ed to RM9,148.7 million, an increase of RM870.4 
million (11%) compared with RM8,278.3 million in 2022.The 
increase was mainly due to the following: 
 
a) Cost of sales increased by RM1,018.7 million, from 
RM6,606.9 million in 2022 to RM7,625.6 million in 2023. 
The increase was mainly due to increased operating 
and direct payroll related expenses in line with its 
gradual resumption of business operations following the 
relaxation of COVID-19 related restrictions worldwide. 
 
b) Lower impairment losses by RM379.0 million, from 
RM412.3 million in 2022 to RM33.3 million in 2023. The 
Group recorded impairment losses of RM412.3 million in 
FY 2022 in relation to assets of RW Bimini, certain vacant 
leased properties in the UK and other receivables in the 
US. In 2023, the impairment was mainly in relation to the 
closure of the Crockfords Casino in London. 
 
c) Administrative expenses increased by RM58.9 million, 
from RM770.9 million in 2022 to RM829.8 million in 2023. 
The increase is mainly due to higher indirect payroll 
related and administrative costs in line with ramp-up of 
business operations across the Group during the 
ﬁnancial year. 
 
OTHER INCOME 
 
Other income increased by RM293.6 million to RM648.0 
million this y
ear from RM354.4 million in 2022, mainly due to 
recognition of: 
 
a) One-off gain on disposal of property, plant and 
equipment amounting to RM183.2 million in FY2023; 
and 
 
b) Increase in interest income by RM73.3 million in 2023 
compared to RM33.7 million in 2022 due to a higher 
cash placements by the Group. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

---- Page 60 ----
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
Cash and cash equivalents of the Group was RM3,884.9 
million as of 31 December 2023 as compar
ed to previous 
ﬁnancial year of RM3,043.7 million. The increase of RM841.2 
million in cash and cash equivalents were mainly due to the 
following: 
 
a) The Group’s businesses generated a net cash inﬂow of 
RM2,321.9 million from operating activities for 2023 
which was lower compared to a net cash inﬂow of 
RM2,362.9 million in 2022 despite the EBITDA growth by 
RM515.6 million as there were higher taxation payments 
and outﬂow of working capital changes in the ﬁnancial 
year. 
 
b) Net cash generated from investing activities was 
RM194.3 million compared with net cash used in 
investing activities of RM1,133.5 million in 2022. In the 
current ﬁnancial year, the Group received the proceeds 
from disposal of property, plant and equipment and 
redemption of ﬁnancial assets at fair value through 
proﬁt and loss amounting to RM735.9 million (2022:  
RM4.7 million). In addition, the Group did not make any 
investment in associate in the current ﬁnancial year. 
However, with the recovery of business, the Group was 
able to continue invest and pay for purchase of 
property, plant and equipment and investment 
properties amounting to RM738.5 million for 2023 (FY 
2022: RM831.6 million). A substantial portion of these 
payments relate to our existing commitments under the 
Genting Integrated Tourism Plan at Genting Highlands 
and development of RWHV . 
 
c) Net cash outﬂow from ﬁnancing activities was 
RM1,775.9 million compared with RM2,862.3 million in 
2022. Higher cash used in ﬁnancing activities in 2022 
mainly due the redemption of RM1,400.0 million 
medium term notes. 
 
GEARING RATIO 
 
The gearing ratio of the Group as of 31 December 2023 
maint
ained at 52% compared to 31 December 2022 as the 
total debt and total capital grew at almost similar quantum. 
This ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total capital. 
Total debt, which is calculated as total borrowings (including 
lease liabilities), amounted to RM13,001.3 million as of 31 
December 2023 (2022: RM12,900.0 million). Total capital is 
calculated as the sum of total equity and total debt, which 
amounted to RM25,013.4 million in 2023 (2022: RM24,829.0 
million). 
 
SALIENT STATISTICS 
 
RESORT VISITORS 
 
L&H business contin
ued to grow in FY2023, RWG welcomed 
24.9 million visitors, achieving 86% of pre-pandemic 2019 
levels. This was an increase of 12% as compared to 2022, 
when RWG registered 22.2 million visitors. 
HOTELS 
 
In Mala
ysia, RWG’s hilltop hotel rooms available for sale have 
resumed to 100% capacity since March 2023. The overall 
RWG’s hilltop hotels occupancy for Genting Grand Hotel, 
Highland Hotel, Crockfords Hotel, Resort Hotel, First World Hotel 
and Genting Skyworlds Hotel has consistently maintained at 
97% or above since it is operating at full capacity from March 
2023 (2022: 95%). At the mid-hill, the Awana Hotel recorded 
an occupancy rate of 65% in 2023 (2022: 65%). RWG 
recorded number of rooms sold at 3,527,000 room nights in 
2023 (2022: 2,372,000).  
 
The Group’s two Malaysian seaside resorts, namely RW Kijal 
and RW Langkawi recorded an occupancy rate of 51% (2022: 
55%) and 48% (2022: 42%) respectively in 2023. 
 
In the United Kingdom, RW Birmingham registered an 
occupancy rate of 76% in 2023 (2022: 77%). 
 
In the United States, RWNYC and RW Catskills recorded an 
occupancy rate of 74% (2022: 60%) and 64% (2022: 67%), 
respectively in 2023. 
 
In Miami, the Group’s 527-room Hilton Miami Downtown 
averaged an occupancy rate of 66% in 2023 (2022: 60%).  
 
In The Bahamas, occupancy rate at the Hilton Hotel at RW 
Bimini increased to 38% in 2023 (2022: 31%). 
 
FOOD AND BEVERAGE 
 
In 2023,
 RWG’s 44 outlets (2022: 46 outlets) catered to 9.5 
million covers in 2023 (2022: 7.9 million covers). In the US, the 
number of covers served at RWNYC in 2023 was 2,004,000 
compared with 1,806,000 in 2022. Hilton Miami Downtown 
Hotel served 246,200 covers in 2023 compared with 245,900 
in 2022. In The Bahamas, the Bimini Operations served a total 
of 504,100 covers in 2023 compared with 419,300 in 2022. 
 
CABLE CAR 
 
RWG’
s two cable car systems, Awana SkyWay and Genting 
Skyway (which only operated during peak periods), ferried 
over 5.2 million passengers to RWG's hilltop hotels and 
attractions in 2023 (2022: 4.3 million) in line with growth in 
visitation. 
 
THEME PARK 
 
RWG of
fers two different theme park, Genting SkyWorlds 
Outdoor Theme Park, and Skytropolis Indoor Theme Park. In 
2023, the total number of tickets sold from both theme parks 
was 2,326,000, slightly lower compared to 2,385,000 tickets 
sold in 2022. The decline was mainly due to slow growth in 
Genting SkyWorlds ticket sales following its ﬁrst opening year 
in 2022. Nevertheless, management has implemented 
various marketing strategies and introduced seasonal 
pricing strategy to widen the addressable market in Malaysia 
at the beginning of 2024.
GROUP FINANCIAL REVIEW
1 2 3 5 6 74
58
Financial Performance Review8
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023

---- Page 61 ----
OUTLOOK
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Malaysia Berhad
78Financial Performance Review 6 5 3 2 14
59
The expansion of the global economy is projected to remain resilient but modest, as ongoing geopolitical tensions, 
uncertainties surrounding key monetary policies and inﬂationary pressures could continue weighing on global growth. In 
Malaysia, economic growth is expected to improve, supported by external demand and domestic expenditure. 
 
International tourism is expected to recover amid increased global air connectivity and a rebound in Asian markets. However, 
macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds could continue posing challenges to the sustained recovery of global travel 
demand. The regional gaming market is expected to continue improving in line with the positive outlook for international 
tourism. 
 
The Group remains cautious of the near-term prospects of the leisure and hospitality industry but is positive in the longer-term. 
 
In Malaysia, the expected growth in regional tourism and domestic private consumption augurs well for the Group’s strategy 
on increasing visitation and customer spend at RWG. Though competitive pressures remain, the Group will continue to focus 
on innovative marketing initiatives to expand customer reach whilst capitalising on value offerings to grow key business 
segments. Meanwhile, continued investments in infrastructure enhancements at Genting Highlands will be made to ensure 
the safety of visitors and the surrounding community. 
 
In the UK, the Group is encouraged by the sustained positive performance of its casinos despite the challenging operating 
environment. The Group remains focused on exploring opportunities and investing in capabilities to strengthen the resilience 
of the Group’s business. In addition, the Group will continue to put in place measures to grow its operations, with particular 
focus on the Core Casinos division. The Group will also keep managing its costs effectively to improve its operational leverage 
and boost proﬁtability. 
 
In the US, the Group remains focused on reinforcing its market position and expanding its presence in New York State to 
compete effectively in the northeast US region. The Group will continue to actively grow its customer database, whilst enhancing 
synergies between RWNYC and Empire’s assets to improve the overall returns of the Group’s US business. The Group is also 
closely monitoring developments surrounding the New York Gaming Facility Board’s Request for Application to solicit proposals 
for up to three commercial casinos in New York State. In The Bahamas, the Group will continue to build and deepen partnerships 
with international cruise operators to increase the number of port calls at RW Bimini. At the same time, the Group is committed 
to driving operational efﬁciencies and effective cost management to improve overall yields at the resort.  

---- Page 62 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
1 2 3 5 6 74
60
Governance8
It is the policy of the Company to manage the affairs of the 
Group, in particular the Company and its subsidiaries in 
accordance with the appropriate standards for good 
corporate governance. 
 
The revised Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 
issued on 28 April 2021 (“MCCG”) is an update of the 
Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance issued in April 
2017, which sees the introduction of new best practice and 
further guidance to strengthen the governance culture of 
listed companies. 
 
The MCCG covers three broad principles namely Board 
Leadership and Effectiveness, Effective Audit & Risk 
Management and Integrity in Corporate Reporting and 
Meaningful Relationship with Stakeholders. 
 
Pursuant to the Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) 
of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”), the 
Company has completed the prescribed Corporate 
Governance Report for ﬁnancial year 2023 which is made 
available at the Company’s website at 
www.gentingmalaysia.com. 
 
The summary of the Corporate Governance practices gave 
a general overview of the application of the Corporate 
Governance and shareholders are advised to read the 
Corporate Governance Report for the full details. 
 
Overall, the Company has applied 36 and adopted 2 out of 
the 48 Practices/Practice Step Up with 7 departures and 3 
non-adoptions under the MCCG. This reﬂects the Board’s 
strong support of the overall corporate governance 
objectives as encapsulated in the MCCG for:- 
 
•improving the Company’s corporate governance 
practices by creating a healthy and dynamic corporate 
culture that is driven by the Board together with the 
management; 
• increasing the effectiveness of the board oversight 
function through the establishment of objective audit 
functions and committees charged with the oversight of 
internal controls, risk and reporting; and 
• enhancing the Company’s communication with 
shareholders and other stakeholders through 
transparent and timely communication. 
 
Notwithstanding the Company’s departures from Practices 
such as the Board comprises a majority of independent 
directors (Practice 5.2), seeking annual approval of the 
shareholders to retain an independent director beyond nine 
(9) years through a two-tier voting process (Practice 5.3), the 
Nomination Committee is chaired by an independent non-
executive director or the senior independent director 
(Practice 5.8), requirement to have at least 30% women 
directors (Practice 5.9), policy on gender diversity for the 
Board and senior management (Practice 5.10) and the 
Board engages an independent expert at least every three 
(3) years to facilitate objective and candid board evaluation 
(Practice 6.1), the Board will continue to evaluate and assess 
the Practices and at the appropriate time, take the 
appropriate steps to narrow the gap, especially for women 
directors where necessary steps had been taken to appoint 
two (2) female Directors i.e. Madam Chong Kwai Ying and 
Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee Phang to its Board. However, Dato’ Dr. Lee 
Bee Phang tendered her resignation on 6 April 2023 following 
her appointment as a member of the Election Commission 
of Malaysia (Suruhanjaya Pilihan Raya Malaysia) on 22 
March 2023, as endorsed by His Majesty the Yang di-Pertuan 
Agong of Malaysia. On 19 January 2024, the Board 
appointed another female Director namely Puan Norazilla 
binti Md Tahir as an Independent Non-Executive Director. The 
Nomination Committee and the Board have been looking 
into refreshing the composition of the Board, including Board 
Committees in view of the amendments to the MMLR of Bursa 
Securities which took effect on 1 June 2023 whereby four (4) 
Directors whose services exceeded a cumulative period of 
twelve (12) years were redesignated as non-independent 
directors. The process of sourcing for suitable candidate(s) 
for appointment(s) to the Board is still ongoing. On Practice 
6.1, the Board has put in place a formal evaluation process 
that should achieve the intended objective. On Practice 8.2 
for the disclosure on named basis of the top ﬁve (5) senior 
management’s remuneration, the alternative information 
provided should meet the intended objective.  
 
The stewardship of the Company under the leadership of the 
present Board ensures that the decisions are made 
objectively in the best interest of the Company, taking into 
account diverse perspectives and insights. 
 
Set out below is a summary of the extent to which the 
Company has applied/adopted the practices 
encapsulated in the Principles of the MCCG, save for certain 
departure/non-adoption of the Principles of the MCCG. 
 
Principle A – Board Leadership and Effectiveness 
 
I. Board Responsibilities 
 
The Board has the overall responsibility for the proper 
conduct of the Company’s business in achieving the 
objectives and long-term goals of the Company. The 
Company’s values and standards and the Board’s 
responsibilities are set out in the Board’s Charter. 
 
Corporate strategies as well as the annual plan are 
presented to the Board as part of the ongoing plans in 
achieving the objectives and long-term goals of the 
Company taking into consideration its core values and 
standards through the vision and mission of the 
Company as set out in the Board Charter disclosed in 
Practice 2.1 of the Corporate Governance Report. 

---- Page 63 ----
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
61
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance
Principle A – Board Leadership and Effectiveness (cont’d) 
 
I. Board Responsibilities (cont’d) 
 
The details of Directors’ attendance at meetings during 
the ﬁnancial year 2023 are set out below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Chairman of the Board is Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi 
Jantan who is responsible for instilling good corporate 
governance practices, leadership and effectiveness of 
the Board. The Board, under the leadership of the 
Chairman, works effectively and performs responsibilities 
with all key and appropriate issues discussed in a timely 
manner. All Directors are encouraged to share their 
views on the Company’s affairs and issues and they are 
entitled to have access to the senior management who 
will respond to queries raised by the Directors. 
 
The key responsibilities of the Chairman are provided in 
the Corporate Governance Report. 
 
The position of the Chairman of the Board is held by Tan 
Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan, who has been redesignated 
from an Independent Non-Executive Director to Non-
Independent Non-Executive Director on 1 July 2023 to 
comply with the MMLR as his tenure as an Independent 
Director of the Company has exceeded twelve (12) 
years, whereas the position of the CEO is held by Tan Sri 
Lim Kok Thay, the Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive 
of the Company. 
 
In line with Guidance 1.2 of the MCCG, the Non-
Executive Directors of the Company held two (2) 
meetings on 7 February 2023 and 4 July 2023 without the 
presence of the Executive Directors to discuss among 
others, strategic, governance and operational issues 
relating to the Group. Speciﬁc members of the 
management would be invited to join the relevant parts 
of the meeting to provide the necessary information, as 
and when necessary. 
 
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan, the Chairman of the 
Board, is currently not a member of the Audit 
Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration 
Committee of the Company.  
 
The Company Secretary, who is an Associate member 
of The Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and 
Administrators, satisﬁes the qualiﬁcation as prescribed 
under Section 235(2) of the Companies Act 2016 and 
has the requisite experience and competency in 
company secretarial services. 
 
Notice of meetings setting out the agenda and 
accompanied by the relevant Board papers are given 
to the Directors with sufﬁcient time for the Directors to 
review, seek additional information and/or clariﬁcation 
on the matters to be deliberated at Board meetings. 
 
The minutes of meetings are prepared and circulated 
to all the Directors for their review and approval. 
 
The Board Charter adopted by the Board clearly sets out 
the respective roles and responsibilities of the Board and 
the management to ensure accountability. The Board 
Charter is made available on the Company’s website at 
www.gentingmalaysia.com. 
 
The Company has a Code of Conduct and Ethics which 
applies to all employees and Directors of the Group and 
its subsidiaries. The Code of Conduct and Ethics, 
together with other related policies, procedures and 
guidelines which are disseminated to employees at the 
Company’s intranet portal, sets out the principles to 
guide standards of behaviour and business conduct 
when employees and Directors deal with third party and 
these are integrated into company-wide management 
practices. 
 
The Directors observe the Company Director’s Code of 
Ethics established by the Companies Commission of 
Malaysia (“CCM”). 
 
The Code of Conduct and Ethics can be viewed from 
the Company’s website at www.gentingmalaysia.com 
whilst the Company Director’s Code of Ethics can be 
viewed from the CCM’s website at www.ssm.com.my. 
 
The Company recognises that any genuine 
commitment to detecting and preventing actual or 
suspected unethical, unlawful, illegal, wrongful or other 
improper conduct must include a mechanism whereby 
employees and other stakeholders can report their 
concerns freely without fear of reprisal or intimidation. To 
this end, the Company has adopted a Whistleblower 
Policy which is disseminated to employees and made 
available on the Company’s website at 
www.gentingmalaysia.com.
Name of Directors Number of 
Meetings Attended
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan  
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                 
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui     
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan       
Mr Quah Chek Tin                     
Mr Teo Eng Siong 
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri   
  (Dr.) Mohd Zahidi bin Hj.  
  Zainuddin (R) 
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun                
Madam Chong Kwai Ying 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan                 
Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee Phang          
  (Resigned on 6 April 2023) 
Tan Sri Datuk Clifford Francis  
  Herbert  
  (Demised on 6 May 2023) 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
 
 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
 
1 out of 1 
 
 
0 out of 1

---- Page 64 ----
Principle A – Board Leadership and Effectiveness (cont’d) 
 
I. Board Responsibilities (cont’d) 
 
The Company’s sustainability governance structure is 
led by the Board, which oversees the Group’s 
sustainability strategy and performance. 
 
The Board delegates the responsibility of supervising 
and managing the Group’s overall implementation of 
sustainability to the Sustainability Steering Committee. 
The Sustainability Steering Committee oversees the 
Group’s sustainability agenda, strategic decisions and 
performance management and receives regular 
updates from the Sustainability Working Committee. This 
oversight ensures that sustainability is a crucial 
accountability factor for senior management. The 
Sustainability Steering Committee is chaired by the 
Group President and Executive Director of the Company 
and comprises the President and Chief Operating 
Ofﬁcer (Resorts World Genting), Chief Corporate 
Development Ofﬁcer, Group Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and 
the Executive Vice President – Gaming & Security. The 
Sustainability Working Committee, chaired by the 
President and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer (Resorts World 
Genting), embeds and implements the approved 
sustainability strategies in the Company’s day-to-day 
operations. 
 
The Board approves the sustainability statement (which 
forms part of the integrated annual report) as well as the 
sustainability report every year. Through these 
documents which are available on the Company’s 
corporate websites, both internal and external 
stakeholders are able to continue to stay informed of the 
Company’s sustainability strategies, priorities, targets, 
progress, achievements and other related disclosures. 
 
The Board is periodically briefed by the Sustainability 
Steering Committee on any key sustainability 
developments that could affect the Company, 
including climate-related risks and opportunities. 
 
In addition, the Board attends relevant training sessions 
to enhance their understanding of sustainability issues, 
including climate-related risks and opportunities. This 
includes the Mandatory Accreditation Programmes 
(“MAP”) organised by the Institute of Corporate Directors 
Malaysia. MAP Part I incorporates the latest corporate 
governance principles and best practices, while MAP 
Part II aims to provide directors with the foundation to 
address sustainability risks and opportunities effectively; 
and have better oversight over their companies’ 
material sustainability matters. 
 
The Board also receives regular updates on 
sustainability from regulators such as Bursa Securities 
and Securities Commission Malaysia via the Company 
Secretary. 
 
The Board and senior management have performed 
their respective roles in addressing material sustainability 
risks and opportunities. 
 
The performance of the Board in addressing the 
Company’s material sustainability risks and 
opportunities was evaluated through a Board 
Effectiveness Assessment exercise, which was 
conducted in November 2023. 
 
The performance of senior management was evaluated 
via their yearly performance appraisals that included 
key performance indicators which are aligned with the 
Company’s business strategies and long-term growth 
objectives, as encompassed in the Company’s 
Sustainability Framework. 
 
Notwithstanding, the criteria for evaluating the Board 
and senior management’s performance in dealing with 
the Company’s material sustainability risks and 
opportunities are being further reﬁned for performance 
evaluations.  
 
The Board has identiﬁed the Group President and 
Executive Director of the Company as the designated 
person within senior management to provide dedicated 
focus to manage sustainability strategically, including 
the integration of sustainability considerations in the 
operations of the Company. 
 
The Group President and Executive Director chairs the 
Sustainability Steering Committee which undertakes the 
following responsibilities: 
 
•Advise the Board to ensure that the Group’s 
business strategy takes sustainability into 
consideration. 
• Develop and recommend to the Board on 
sustainability strategies, related policies and 
statement for approval, adoption and revision. 
• Ensure that the sustainability strategies address key 
sustainability matters related to Environmental, 
Social and Governance (“ESG”). 
• Monitor the implementation of the sustainability 
strategies as approved by the Board. 
• Oversee the preparation and development of 
sustainability disclosures (reporting) as required by 
Bursa Securities. 
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)62
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8

---- Page 65 ----
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
Principle A – Board Leadership and Effectiveness (cont’d) 
 
II.
Board Composition 
 
The Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy was adopted by the 
Company in June 2022 to ensure a formal, rigorous and 
transparent process for the appointment/election of 
candidates as Directors of the Company and for the re-
election of Directors. 
 
The Nomination Committee has been looking into 
refreshing the composition of the Board in view of the 
amendments to the MMLR of Bursa Securities which took 
effect on 1 June 2023 whereby four (4) Directors whose 
services exceeded a cumulative period of twelve (12) 
years were redesignated as non-independent directors.  
 
The composition of the Board was refreshed with the 
appointment of Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir as an 
Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 
19 January 2024. 
 
The process of sourcing for suitable candidate(s) for 
appointment(s) to the Board is still ongoing. 
 
The tenure of each Director was reviewed by the 
Nomination Committee and an annual evaluation and 
assessment on the performance and contribution of 
each Director during the ﬁnancial year was carried out 
prior to recommending whether the retiring Director 
should be nominated for re-election at the forthcoming 
Annual General Meeting. 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the Board has ten (10) 
members, comprising three (3) Executive Directors, 
three (3) Independent Non-Executive Directors and four 
(4) Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors resulting 
in the Company not fulﬁlling the requirement of the 
Board to comprise a majority of independent directors. 
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.) Mohd Zahidi bin Hj. 
Zainuddin (R), Mr Quah Chek Tin and Mr Teo Eng Siong 
were redesignated as Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Directors on 1 June 2023 and Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi 
Jantan was redesignated as Non-Independent Non-
Executive Director on 1 July 2023 to comply with the 
MMLR as their tenures as Independent Directors of the 
Company have exceeded twelve (12) years. The Non-
Independent Non-Executive Directors were retained to 
provide continuity and facilitate the smooth handover 
as well as for transfer of knowledge and experience to 
the newly appointed Directors. 
 
Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir, an Independent Non-
Executive Director was appointed to the Board of the 
Company on 19 January 2024. Following her 
appointment, the Board has eleven (11) members, 
comprising three (3) Executive Directors, four (4) 
Independent Non-Executive Directors and four (4) Non-
Independent Non-Executive Directors. 
 
The Independent Non-Executive Directors and Non-
Independent Non-Executive Directors do not participate 
in the day-to-day management of the Company. They 
engage with senior management, external and internal 
auditors as and when required to address matters 
concerning the management and the oversight of the 
Company’s business and operations. 
 
The Nomination Committee will continue to source for 
suitable candidate(s) for appointment(s) to the Board. 
 
The Board noted that the tenure of an independent 
director should not exceed a cumulative term of nine 
(9) years pursuant to Practice 5.3 of the MCCG. 
 
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun, who was appointed on 23 July 
2012 is currently an Independent Non-Executive Director 
of the Company. In view of the MMLR, Dato’ Koh Hong 
Sun will be redesignated as a Non-Independent Non-
Executive Director of the Company on 23 July 2024 as 
his tenure will exceed a cumulative term of twelve (12) 
years. 
 
In view of the forthcoming redesignation on 23 July 2024, 
the non-adoption of Practice 5.3 will no longer be 
applicable. 
 
The Group has a policy which practises non-
discrimination in any form, whether based on age, 
gender, ethnicity or religion, throughout the 
organisation. This includes the selection of Board 
members and senior management. 
 
The Board is mindful of the target of at least 30% women 
directors and has taken the initial step of appointing 
Madam Chong Kwai Ying as the ﬁrst female Director on 
the Board on 3 December 2018.  
 
 
63
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance

---- Page 66 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)
Principle A – Board Leadership and Effectiveness (cont’d) 
 
II. Board Composition (cont’d) 
 
The Board had on 1 July 2022 appointed a second 
female Director namely Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee Phang as an 
Independent Non-Executive Director. However, Dato’ Dr. 
Lee Bee Phang tendered her resignation on 6 April 2023 
following her appointment as a member of the Election 
Commission of Malaysia (Suruhanjaya Pilihan Raya 
Malaysia) on 22 March 2023, as endorsed by His 
Majesty the Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia.  
 
On 19 January 2024, the Board appointed another 
female Director namely Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir as 
an Independent Non-Executive Director. 
 
The Board currently comprises nine (9) male Directors 
and two (2) female Directors. The racial composition of 
the Board is 27.3% Malay and 72.7% Chinese. 9.1% of the 
Directors are between the ages of 30 and 55 and the 
remaining 90.9% are above 55 years old. 
 
Amongst others, the measure taken by the Board when 
sourcing suitable candidates for any vacant Board 
position in the future, would take into consideration 
suitably qualiﬁed women candidates, in line with the 
recommendation of the MCCG. 
 
The Company has provided a statement accompanying 
the Notice of Annual General Meeting as required under 
Paragraph 8.27(2) of the MMLR of Bursa Securities that 
there was no individual seeking for election as a Director 
at its Forty-Third Annual General Meeting (“43rd AGM”). 
 
The Nomination Committee carried out an annual 
evaluation and assessment on each Director, including 
the Directors subject to retirement by rotation at the 43rd 
AGM held on 31 May 2023, namely Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay, 
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan, Gen. Dato' Seri DiRaja Tan Sri 
(Dr.) Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R) and Mr Teo Eng 
Siong and their re-election was noted and supported by 
the Board. The Board was satisﬁed with the performance 
of each of the Directors based on the strong/consistently 
good ratings of the Directors for the annual evaluation 
and assessment as they have the relevant skill sets and 
experience and bring valuable insight and contribution 
to the Board. The details of their interest, position or any 
relationship that might inﬂuence, or reasonably be 
perceived to inﬂuence, in a material respect their 
capacity to bring an independent judgement to bear 
on issues before the Board and to act in the best 
interests of the Company as a whole, are disclosed in 
various parts of the last year’s Annual Report. 
 
The composition of the Nomination Committee complies 
with the requirement of the MMLR which comprised 
exclusively of non-executive directors, a majority of 
whom are Independent Non-Executive Directors.  
 
Mr Quah Chek Tin, the Chairman of the Nomination 
Committee, who has extensive knowledge and relevant 
experience, was appointed to the Board on 15 January 
2003. He was redesignated from Independent Non-
Executive Director to Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director of the Company on 1 June 2023 and assumed 
the role as Chairman of Nomination Committee on even 
date. The other two (2) members, Mr Ho Heng Chuan 
and Madam Chong Kwai Ying were appointed to the 
Nomination Committee in February 2023. It is intended 
that Mr Quah remains as Chairman of Nomination 
Committee for a transitional period in order to provide 
continuity and facilitate the smooth handover as well as 
for transfer of knowledge and experience to the new 
members.  
 
The Board believes that this practice meets the intended 
outcome, although the Nomination Committee is led by 
a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director as the 
majority of members are Independent Directors. In 
addition, the members of the Nomination Committee 
have relevant industry or sector experience or expertise 
and are able to provide diverse perspectives and 
insights that are relevant to the Company’s business 
and strategy. The Board had assessed and ensured that 
the Chairman of Nomination Committee has the 
necessary skills, experience and leadership qualities to 
lead the Nomination Committee effectively and 
independently. In addition, the Board ensures that the 
decisions of the Nomination Committee are made 
objectively and in the best interests of the Company. 
 
The Nomination Committee carries out its duties in 
accordance with its Terms of Reference and the 
Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy adopted by the 
Company in June 2022 which can be obtained from the 
Company’s website at www.gentingmalaysia.com. 
 
64
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8

---- Page 67 ----
Principle A – Board Leadership and Effectiveness (cont’d) 
 
II. Board Composition (cont’d) 
 
The Nomination Committee held a total of three (3) 
meetings during the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 
2023. Details of the attendance of the Nomination 
Committee are set out below:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Nomination Committee while carrying out its 
responsibilities sourcing for suitable candidates for 
appointment to the Board would take into consideration 
ﬁt and proper criteria covering (i) Character and 
Integrity; (ii) Experience and Competence; and (iii) Time 
and Commitment as set out in the Directors’ Fit and 
Proper Policy of the Company and such other 
requirements as set out in Practice 5.6 of the Corporate 
Governance Report. 
 
The main activities carried out by the Nomination 
Committee during the ﬁnancial year ended 31 
December 2023 are set out below: 
 
(a) reviewed and recommended the re-election of Tan 
Sri Lim Kok Thay, Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan, Gen. 
Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.) Mohd Zahidi bin Hj 
Zainuddin (R), Mr Teo Eng Siong and Dato’ Dr. Lee 
Bee Phang as Directors at the 43rd AGM of the 
Company. The resolution on the re-election of Dato’ 
Dr. Lee Bee Phang as a Director of the Company 
was subsequently withdrawn and was not put 
forward for voting at the 43rd AGM following her 
resignation as a Director of the Company on 6 April 
2023; 
(b) reviewed, considered and recommended to the 
Board, the appointment of Mr Ho Heng Chuan and 
Madam Chong Kwai Ying as additional members 
of the Nomination Committee of the Company; 
(c) reviewed, considered and recommended to the 
Board, the appointment of Madam Chong Kwai 
Ying and Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee Phang as additional 
members of the Remuneration Committee of the 
Company; 
(d) reviewed, considered and recommended to the 
Board, the appointment of Dato’ Koh Hong Sun as 
an additional member of the Remuneration 
Committee of the Company; 
(e) reviewed and assessed the summary of the analysis 
on the feedback in compliance with the MCCG 
and Paragraphs 15.08A(2) and 15.20 of the MMLR 
of Bursa Securities; 
(f) reviewed and considered the revised Terms of 
Reference of the Nomination Committee and 
recommended for approval by the Board; 
(g) reviewed and considered the Board’s succession 
plans, the present size, structure, diversity and 
composition of the Board and Board Committees 
as well as the required mix of skills, experience and 
competency required;  
(h) reviewed and considered the senior management’s 
succession plans;  
(i) reviewed and considered the training attended by 
the Directors, discussed the training programmes 
required to aid the Directors in the discharge of their 
duties as Directors and to keep abreast with industry 
developments and trends;  
(j) reviewed and recommended to the Board, the term 
of ofﬁce and performance of the Audit Committee 
and each of its members to determine whether the 
Audit Committee and its members have carried out 
their duties in accordance with their terms of 
reference;  
(k) assessed and recommended to the Board, the 
effectiveness and performance of the Board, Board 
Committees and individual Directors, including the 
Chief Executive; and 
(l) reviewed, considered and recommended to the 
Board, the appointment of Puan Norazilla binti Md 
Tahir as an Independent Non-Executive Director of 
the Company based on a set of prescribed criteria, 
including but not limited to skills, knowledge, 
expertise and experience, professionalism and 
integrity. In addition, this involved the evaluation of 
her ability to discharge responsibilities/functions 
expected from an Independent Non-Executive 
Director. 
 
In December 2023, the Nomination Committee of the 
Company had recommended an independent 
candidate for appointment to the Board who ﬁtted the 
criteria requirements that the Board was looking for, by 
utilising independent sources and also engaged search 
consultants to identify suitably qualiﬁed candidate.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
65
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance
Name of Members Number of 
Meetings Attended
Mr Quah Chek Tin 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan                   
  (Appointed on 23 February 2023) 
Madam Chong Kwai Ying        
  (Appointed on 23 February 2023) 
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan   
  (Resigned on 1 June 2023) 
Tan Sri Datuk Clifford Francis  
  Herbert                                     
  (Demised on 6 May 2023)
3 out of 3 
 
2 out of 2 
 
2 out of 2 
 
1 out of 1 
 
 
0 out of 1

---- Page 68 ----
Principle A – Board Leadership and Effectiveness (cont’d) 
 
II. Board Composition (cont’d) 
 
The process of assessing the Directors is an ongoing 
responsibility of the Nomination Committee and the 
entire Board. The Board has put in place a formal 
evaluation process to annually assess the effectiveness 
and performance of the Board as a whole and the 
Board Committees, as well as the contribution and 
performance of each individual Director  and the Chief 
Executive. 
 
The criteria used, amongst others, for the annual 
assessment of individual Directors/Chief Executive 
include an assessment of their roles, duties, 
responsibilities, competency, expertise and contribution 
whereas for the Board and Board Committees, the 
criteria used include composition, structure, 
accountability, responsibilities, adequacy of information 
and processes. 
 
In line with Practice 6.1, the questionnaire on the annual 
assessment of individual Directors has been revised to 
include an evaluation of their will and ability to critically 
challenge and ask the right questions; character and 
integrity in dealing with potential conﬂict of interest 
situations; commitment to serve the Company, due 
diligence and integrity; and conﬁdence to stand up for 
a point of view. Arising from the revised MCCG in April 
2021 where a new section on ESG or Sustainability was 
added, a new section on board evaluation 
questionnaire relating to ESG or Sustainability had been 
included in the annual assessment. 
 
In respect of the assessment for the ﬁnancial year ended 
31 December 2023 which was internally facilitated, the 
Nomination Committee and the Board were satisﬁed 
that the Board and Board Committees have discharged 
their duties and responsibilities effectively and the 
contribution and performance of each individual 
Director, including the Chief Executive are satisfactory. 
The Board was also satisﬁed that the Board composition 
in terms of size, the balance between Executive, Non-
Executive and Independent Directors and mix of skills 
was adequate whilst noting the on-going efforts to 
source for suitable candidate(s). The Board is mindful of 
the gender diversity relating to women directors and has 
taken the steps as disclosed in Practice 5.9 of the 
Corporate Governance Report. 
 
III. Remuneration  
 
The Company has established a formal remuneration 
policy for the Executive Directors and senior 
management to align with the business strategy and 
long-term objectives of the Company and its 
subsidiaries. 
 
The Board, as a whole, determines the level of fees of 
Non-Executive Directors and Executive Directors. 
 
The policies and procedures are made available on the 
Company’s website at www.gentingmalaysia.com. 
 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for 
implementing the policies and procedures on the 
remuneration of the Executive Directors and making 
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration 
packages of Executive Directors and members of the 
Board Committees as well as administering the 
Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan (“Scheme”) in 
accordance with the By-Laws governing the Scheme 
whilst the Board is responsible for approving the policies 
and procedures which govern the remuneration of the 
employees including Executive Directors and senior 
management of the Company. 
 
The Remuneration Committee carries out its duties in 
accordance with its Terms of Reference which can be 
obtained from the Company’s website at 
www.gentingmalaysia.com.  
 
The Remuneration Committee held a total of two (2) 
meetings during the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 
2023. Details of the attendance of the Remuneration 
Committee are set out below: 
 
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)66
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8
Name of Members Number of 
Meetings Attended
Mr Teo Eng Siong                      
(Chairman/Non-Independent  
  Non-Executive Director) 
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun                 
  (Independent Non-Executive  
  Director)                                  
Madam Chong Kwai Ying        
  (Independent Non-Executive  
  Director)                                   
 
 
2 out of 2 
 
 
2 out of 2 
 
 
2 out of 2

---- Page 69 ----
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
67
Principle A – Board Leadership and Effectiveness (cont’d) 
 
III. Remuneration (cont’d)  
 
The details of the Directors’ remuneration received in 
2023 on a named basis are set out in Appendix A of this 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement. 
 
The Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive succeeded 
his late father, the founder of the Group, and was 
accorded the level of pay similar to his father’s when he 
took over the role. Thereafter, as the Chief Executive, he 
was awarded annual increments/bonuses as an 
executive staff member. 
 
As the Chief Executive, Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay is responsible 
for providing the vision and strategic direction of the 
Group and to formulate appropriate corporate 
strategies and develop the business. Further details of 
his role and responsibilities are set out in the section on 
Practice 8.1 of the Corporate Governance Report. 
 
The top ﬁve (5) senior management (excluding 
Executive Directors) of the Company are Mr Lee Thiam 
Kit, Mr Aaron Chia Khong Chid, Mr Andrew Tan Kim Seng 
and Ms Koh Poy Yong, their designations are disclosed 
in the Integrated Annual Report 2023; and Mr Yeo Yong 
Meng (Senior Vice President – Gaming Operations). The 
aggregate remuneration of these executives received 
in 2023 was RM9.25 million, representing 0.4% of the total 
employees’ remuneration of the Group. 
 
The total remuneration of the aforesaid top ﬁve (5) 
senior management was a combination of annual 
salary, bonus, beneﬁts-in-kind and other emoluments 
such as an employee share grant scheme which are 
determined in a similar manner as other management 
employees of the Company. This is based on their 
individual performance, the overall performance of the 
Company, inﬂation and benchmarked against other 
companies operating in similar industry in the region, 
including Macau. The basis of determination has been 
applied consistently from previous years. 
 
 
Principle B – Effective Audit and Risk Management 
 
I. Audit Committee 
 
The Chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr Ho Heng 
Chuan, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the 
Company. 
The Company has not appointed any former partner of 
the external audit ﬁrm of the Company as a member of 
the Audit Committee and the Terms of Reference of the 
Audit Committee of the Company has been revised in 
February 2022 to include a policy that requires a former 
partner of the external audit ﬁrm of the Company to 
observe a cooling-off period of at least three (3) years 
before being appointed as a member of the Audit 
Committee. 
 
The Audit Committee ensures that the independence 
and objectivity of the external auditors are not 
compromised in accordance with the assessment 
criteria set out in the “Group Policy on External Auditors’ 
Independence”. 
 
The external auditors are also required to provide 
conﬁrmation to the Audit Committee that they are and 
have been independent throughout the conduct of the 
audit engagement in accordance with the terms of all 
relevant professional and regulatory requirements. 
 
In line with Guidance 9.3 of the MCCG, the Audit 
Committee had pre-approved certain categories of 
non-audit and audit services by the external auditors or 
its afﬁliates; and has put in place limits of authority to the 
pre-approved non-audit and audit services. 
 
The Audit Committee was satisﬁed with the suitability 
and independence of the external auditors based on 
the quality and competency of services delivered, 
sufﬁciency of the ﬁrm and professional staff assigned to 
the annual audit as well as the non-audit services 
performed for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 
2023 and has recommended their re-appointment for 
the ﬁnancial year ending 31 December 2024. 
 
The members of the Audit Committee of the Company 
comprised at least one (1) member with the requisite 
accounting qualiﬁcation based on the requirements of 
the MMLR of Bursa Securities. Members of the Audit 
Committee are ﬁnancially literate as they continuously 
keep themselves abreast with the latest developments 
in the new accounting and auditing standards and the 
impact it may have on the Group through brieﬁngs by 
the management and the external auditors. During the 
ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2023, the Directors 
received regular brieﬁngs and updates on the Group’s 
businesses, operations, risk management and 
compliance, internal controls, corporate governance, 
ﬁnance, sustainability reporting, anti-bribery and 
corruption and any new or changes to the relevant 
legislation, rules and regulations.
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance

---- Page 70 ----
Principle B – Effective Audit and Risk Management (cont’d) 
 
I. Audit Committee (cont’d) 
 
The Board, through the Nomination Committee, 
assessed the training needs of its Directors annually and 
encourages the Directors to attend various professional 
training programmes that would best strengthen their 
contributions to the Board. The Company maintains a 
policy for Directors to receive training at the Company’s 
expense, in areas that are relevant to them in the 
discharge of their duties as Directors or Board 
Committee members, including Mandatory 
Accreditation Programme for new Directors. 
 
The courses and training programmes attended by the 
Directors in 2023 are disclosed in Appendix B of this 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement. 
 
The Directors are also required by the Companies Act 
2016 in Malaysia to prepare ﬁnancial statements for 
each ﬁnancial year which have been made out in 
accordance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting 
Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards 
and comply with the requirements of the Companies 
Act 2016 so as to give a true and fair view of the ﬁnancial 
position of the Group and of the Company at the end 
of the ﬁnancial year and of the ﬁnancial performance 
of the Group and of the Company for the ﬁnancial year. 
 
A statement by the Board of its responsibilities for 
preparing the ﬁnancial statements is set out in the 
Audited Financial Statements for the ﬁnancial year 
ended 31 December 2023 of the Company. 
 
II. Risk Management and Internal Control Framework 
 
The Board is responsible for the Group’s risk 
management framework and system of internal control 
and for reviewing their adequacy and integrity. 
 
The Board afﬁrms its overall responsibility for establishing 
an effective risk management and internal control 
framework which is in place and has been enhanced 
over the years. 
 
The risk management and internal control framework of 
the Company is designed to manage risks rather than 
eliminate risks and to provide reasonable but not 
absolute assurance against any material misstatement 
or loss. 
 
Features of the risk management and internal control 
framework of the Company are set out in the Statement 
on Risk Management and Internal Control. 
 
The Risk Management Committee was previously 
combined with Audit Committee and renamed as Audit 
and Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”) on 29 
December 2017. On 31 December 2019, the Board 
approved the separation of the ARMC into two (2) 
committees, namely Audit Committee and Risk 
Management Committee with the same composition of 
members. 
 
The Risk Management Committee now serves as a 
committee of the Board to assist the Board in carrying 
out the responsibility of overseeing the Company and 
the Group’s risk management framework and policies. 
The Terms of Reference of the Risk Management 
Committee can be obtained from the Company’s 
website at www.gentingmalaysia.com. 
 
The internal audit function is provided by the internal 
audit department of the holding company, Genting 
Berhad (“GENT”). The head of internal audit reports 
functionally to the Audit Committee of the Company 
and administratively to the senior management of GENT. 
He and other internal audit personnel are independent 
from the operational activities of the Company. 
 
The Internal Audit has an Audit Charter approved by the 
Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company 
and the Chairman of Audit Committee, which deﬁnes 
the mission & objectives, roles & responsibilities, 
independence, authority, audit standards & code of 
ethics, audit scope & methodology and audit reporting. 
 
The Internal Audit function is headed by Mr Teoh Boon 
Keong (“Head of Internal Audit” or “Mr Teoh”). The 
competency and working experience of Mr Teoh and 
the internal audit team are disclosed in Practice 11.2 of 
the Corporate Governance Report. 
 
The details of the scope of work, performance 
evaluation and budget of the internal audit function are 
set out in the Corporate Governance Report. 
 
The Head of Internal Audit and other internal audit 
personnel are independent from the operational 
activities of the Company and they do not hold 
management authority and responsibility over the 
operations that internal audit covers in its scope of 
works. 
 
For year 2023, the average number of internal audit 
personnel was 29, comprising degree holders and 
professionals from related disciplines with an average of 
9.6 years of working experience per personnel.
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)68
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8

---- Page 71 ----
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
Principle B – Effective Audit and Risk Management (cont’d) 
 
I
I. Risk Management and Internal Control Framework 
(cont’d) 
 
Mr Teoh is a member of the Malaysian Institute of 
Certiﬁed Public Accountants and a Chartered 
Accountant of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants 
and his working experience is disclosed in the Corporate 
Governance Report. 
 
The Internal Audit carries out its work according to the 
code of ethics, standards and best practices set by 
professional bodies, primarily consistent with the 
International Professional Practices Framework issued by 
the Institute of Internal Auditors and where applicable, 
reference is made to the standards and statements 
issued by the international accounting and auditing 
organisations. 
 
 
Principle C – Integrity in Corporate Reporting and 
Meaningful Relationship with Stakeholders 
 
I. Engagement with Stakeholders 
 
The Group acknowledges the importance of timely and 
equal dissemination of material information to the 
shareholders, investors and public at large. The 
Company holds quarterly brieﬁngs for investment 
analysts after each quarter’s ﬁnancial results 
announcement and separate brieﬁngs for fund 
managers and institutional investors upon request. 
 
The Group maintains a corporate website at 
www.gentingmalaysia.com which provides the relevant 
information to its stakeholders. 
 
The Group also participates in investor forums held 
locally and abroad and periodically organises brieﬁngs 
and meetings with analysts and fund managers to give 
them a better understanding of the businesses of the 
Group. 
 
The Company has in place channels of communication 
with the stakeholders at ir.genm@gentingmalaysia.com 
to enable them to provide their views and feedback 
including complaints and address stakeholders’ views, 
feedback or complaints accordingly. At least once a 
year, at the Annual General Meeting or at any other 
general meetings of the Company, the Board engages 
with the shareholders. 
 
The Group’s Integrated Annual Report 2023 has been 
prepared in accordance with the guiding principles and 
content elements of the International Integrated 
Reporting (“<IR>”) Framework, which is maintained 
under the auspices of the IFRS Foundation. Given that 
integrated reporting is an ongoing journey, the Group 
is committed to continuously enhancing its integrated 
reporting practices and making incremental 
improvements in line with the <IR> Framework and 
stakeholder expectations.  
 
II. Conduct of General Meetings 
 
The Company served the Notice of Annual General 
Meeting to shareholders of the Company at least 28 
days prior to the meeting held in 2023. 
 
The date of the Annual General Meeting of the 
Company is scheduled at the beginning of the calendar 
year to ensure that all the Directors are present to 
provide meaningful responses to questions addressed 
to them. All the Directors attended the 43rd AGM of the 
Company held on 31 May 2023 on a virtual basis 
through live streaming and online remote voting at the 
Broadcast Venue, 25th Floor, Wisma Genting, Jalan 
Sultan Ismail, 50250 Kuala Lumpur via TIIH Online website 
at https://tiih.online with the presence of the Chairman, 
Directors, External Auditors, Company Secretary, 
Independent Scrutineer and senior management. 
 
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd (“Tricor”) 
was appointed as the Poll Administrator for the 43rd 
AGM to facilitate the Remote Participation and Voting 
Facilities (“RPV”) via its TIIH Online website at 
https://tiih.online (“TIIH Online”). The Company has 
engaged Tricor to provide the RPV and the meeting 
online platform “TIIH Online” is hosted by Tricor. Tricor has 
implemented an IT policy and Information Security 
policy, endpoint controls and data classiﬁcation for 
cyber hygiene practices of the staff.  Stress test and 
penetration testing have been performed on TIIH Online 
to test its resiliency.  To provide further assurance to the 
public, Tricor was ISO27001 certiﬁed.  In addition to this, 
TIIH Online is hosted in a secure cloud platform and the 
data center is ISO27001 certiﬁed.  
 
All the shareholders could raise questions including but 
not limited to the Company’s ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial 
performance and long-term strategies. With respect to 
the 43rd AGM, shareholders submitted their questions 
prior to the conduct of the meeting via the RPV. Besides, 
shareholders were also allowed to submit their questions 
via the RPV during the meeting. Directors and senior 
management answered the questions raised by 
shareholders during the meeting. 
 
The broadcast of the 43rd AGM was smooth through the 
RPV. Relevant questions raised by shareholders were 
shared with the shareholders via the RPV and the 
Chairman, Directors and/or senior management 
responded to the questions verbally. 
 
The minutes of the 43rd AGM of the Company was 
made available on the Company’s website at 
www.gentingmalaysia.com within thirty (30) business 
days from the 43rd AGM. 
 
This Corporate Governance Overview Statement is 
made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of 
Directors dated 8 March 2024. 
                                                                  
69CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance

---- Page 72 ----
                                                                                                          Company (‘000)                                                                                    Group (‘000) 
 
 No            Name               Directorate    
1    Tan Sri Lim                   Executive 
       Kok Thay                      Director                       153          420       31,136      6,814       1,719       7,274      47,516       153           420       31,249       6,814      1,719       7,274     47,629  
2    Dato’ Indera               Executive  
       Lim Keong Hui             Director                       153            0          6,843       3,473          7           3,203      13,679       153             0          6,956        3,473          7           3,203     13,792  
3    Dato’ Sri Lee                Executive 
       Choong Yan               Director                       153            0          5,642       3,201         52          3,406      12,454       153             0          5,812        3,201         52          3,406     12,624  
4    Tan Sri Dato’ Seri         Non-Executive 
       Alwi Jantan                 Non-Independent      230            4             0              0              5              0            239          230             4             0               0             5              0           239 
                                            Director                                                                                     
 5    Mr Quah Chek Tin      Non-Executive 
                                            Non-Independent      153           45            0              0              5              0            203          153            45            0               0             5              0           203                                             Director  
6    Gen. Dato’ Seri           Non-Executive 
       DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.)     Non-Independent        Mohd Zahidi bin Hj     Director                       153            0             0              0              0              0            153          153             0             0               0             0              0           153        Zainuddin (R)                
7    Mr Teo Eng Siong        Non-Executive 
                                            Non-Independent      153           42            0              0              2              0            197          153            42            0               0             2              0           197                                             Director  
8    Dato’ Koh                    Independent 
       Hong Sun                    Director                       153           40            0              0              4              0            197          153            40            0               0             4              0           197  9     Madam Chong          Independent 
       Kwai Ying                     Director                       153           45            0              0              0              0            198          153            45            0               0             0              0           198  10   Mr Ho Heng Chuan    Independent  
                                            Director                       133           48            0              0              2              0            183          133            48            0               0             2              0           183  11   Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee       Independent 
       Phang (Resigned on   Director                        77             0             0              0              0              0             77            77              0             0               0             0              0            77        6 April 2023)                                               
12   Tan Sri Datuk               Independent  
       Clifford Francis            Director                       153            0             0              0              3            807          963          153             0             0               0             3            807         963        Herbert (Demised  
       on 6 May 2023)                                                  
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)70
Fee
Allowance
Salary
Bonus
Beneﬁts-in-
kind
Other 
emoluments
Total
Fee
Allowance
Salary
Bonus
Beneﬁts-in-
kind
Other 
emoluments
Total
APPENDIX A 
 
Details of directors’ remuneration received in 2023 
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8

---- Page 73 ----
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
71
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COURSES
 
Can America Stop China’s Rise? Will ASEAN be Damaged? by 
Financial Institutions Directors’ Education (“FIDE”) Programme. 
 
2023 Economic Outlook by William Dudley, American Economist and 
former President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Sebastián 
Piñera OMCh, celebrated economist and former President of Chile 
(2010-2014, 2018-2022), and Ira Kalish, Deloitte’s Chief Economist, 
facilitated by Rana Faroohar organised by Deloitte Global. 
 
Geopolitics: Implications for Board of Shifting Landscape by Panel  
- retired US Navy Admiral and former Supreme Allied Commander of 
NATO James Stavridis; former US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, 
and former French Minister of Foreign Affairs Hubert Vedrine, in 
discussion with Rana Foroohar, Global Business Columnist, The 
Financial Times and Global Economic Analyst, CNN, as moderator, 
organised by Deloitte Global. 
 
Pillar Two of BEPS 2.0 - Global Minimum Tax by Deloitte Tax Services 
Sdn Bhd. 
 
Tech Trends for Boards by Panel - Marillyn Hewson, former CEO of 
Lockheed Martin, Peter Sany, former CIO at Novartis, Deutsche 
Telekom, Swiss Post, and UBS; and Maria Amparo Moraleda, non-
executive Director at Moller-Maersk, Vodafone Group, Airbus and 
Caixabank, in discussion with Mark Lillie, Deloitte Global CIO Program 
leader as moderator, organised by Deloitte Global.   
 
Cyber Awareness / Security Brieﬁng by Deloitte organised by China 
Construction Bank (Malaysia) Berhad. 
 
Malaysia Budget 2023 Brieﬁng by Deloitte organised by China 
Construction Bank (Malaysia) Berhad. 
 
The 2023 Budget Seminar by Deloitte Tax Services Sdn Bhd organised 
by Genting Berhad. 
 
Brieﬁng on ESG for Board by PricewaterhouseCoopers KL. 
 
Financial Reporting on Impact of Climate Change Effects by 
Malaysian Institute of Accountants. 
 
Cahya Mata Be The Champion by ACT Consulting organised by 
Cahya Mata Sarawak Berhad.
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.)  
Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R)
Tan Sri Dato' Seri Alwi Jantan
NAME OF DIRECTORS 
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan
Mr Quah Chek Tin
Mr Teo Eng Siong
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun
Madam Chong Kwai Ying
Mr Ho Heng Chuan
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√ √ √ √ √
√
√
APPENDIX B 
 
The following are the courses and training programmes attended by the Directors in 2023:
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance

---- Page 74 ----
COURSES
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.)  
Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R)
Tan Sri Dato' Seri Alwi Jantan
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan
Mr Quah Chek Tin
Mr Teo Eng Siong
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun
Madam Chong Kwai Ying
Mr Ho Heng Chuan
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)72
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RMiT Awareness Session by EC Council Global organised by Generali 
Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad. 
 
Cyber Security Seminar by Financial Institutions Directors’ Education 
(“FIDE”) Programme. 
 
MACC Training for AHAM Group: Corporate Liability on Corruption 
organised by AHAM Asset Management Berhad. 
 
Anti-Bribery & Corruption System Training for Genting Berhad 
organised by Risk Management Department of Genting Berhad.  
 
ESG Reporting: A Key to Value Creation Today by Malaysian Institute 
of Accountants.  
 
Metaverse Immersion Session for Genting Group by Deloitte organised 
by Genting Berhad. 
 
GRI Ofﬁcial Side Session HLPF: Enhancing Policy for Sustainable 
Development by the following speakers and organised by Deloitte: 
- Peter Paul van de Wijs, GRI  
- Dr Robyn Klingler Vidra, Kings College London Business School  
- Dr Adam Chalmers, University of Edinburgh by Deloitte. 
 
State of Sustainability Reporting in Asia Paciﬁc – 
PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) Sustainability Counts II by PwC. 
 
Generative AI – An Opportunity or Risk? by Institute of Corporate 
Directors Malaysia. 
 
AML/CFT Independent Validation by Ernst & Young organised by 
Generali Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad. 
 
MFRS 17 by KPMG organised by Generali Life Insurance Malaysia 
Berhad. 
 
Mandatory Accreditation Programme Part II: Leading for Impact (“LIP”) 
Building high-impact boards for sustainable growth. Initiative of 
Securities Commission Malaysia, mandated by Bursa Malaysia and 
organised by Institute of Corporate Directors Malaysia. 
 
Integrating Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) into 
Organisational Financial Reporting Framework by Malaysian Institute 
of Accountants.
√
√
√
√
√ √ √ √√ √ √
√ √
√√
√
√
√
√
√
√
APPENDIX B 
 
The following are the courses and training programmes attended by the Directors in 2023:
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8
NAME OF DIRECTORS 

---- Page 75 ----
COURSES
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.)  
Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R)
Tan Sri Dato' Seri Alwi Jantan
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan
Mr Quah Chek Tin
Mr Teo Eng Siong
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun
Madam Chong Kwai Ying
Mr Ho Heng Chuan
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
73
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Advocacy Session for Directors & CEOs of Main Market Listed Issuers 
by Bursa Malaysia Berhad. 
 
Engagement Session for Board of Directors and Senior Management 
Cahya Mata 2023 by President of ESQ Group organised by Cahya 
Mata Sarawak Berhad.  
 
Greening Our Footprint: A Workshop on GHG Reduction and 
Sustainability by Galaxy Tech Solutions (KL) Sdn Bhd. 
 
Conﬂict of Interest For Directors of Listed Issuers by Bursa Malaysia 
Berhad. 
 
Deloitte Global Boardroom Program “ESG, Climate and Trust: The 
Board’s Role” by Deloitte Global. 
 
The Audit Committee – How to Navigate Financial Reporting Oversight 
Amidst Potential Landmines of Misreporting? by Malaysian Institute of 
Corporate Governance. 
 
AML Training 2023 for AHAM Group: AML/CFT/TFS: Adopt, Evolve, 
Transform towards an Effective Compliance organised by AHAM Asset 
Management Berhad. 
 
Management of Cyber Risk by Ernst & Young organised by Bursa 
Malaysia Berhad. 
 
40th Management Conference of Genting Plantations Berhad on 
“Workplace Engagement in the Digital Era Unleashing the Power of 
Human Connections”: 
- Recruitment, Engagement and Retention Strategies by Pak Achmad 
Febriyansyah. 
- Meningkatkan Keterlibatan Pimpinan: Membangun Ikatan yang 
Kuat demi Mengurangi Turnover Karyawan Panen di Abadi 3, PT 
Sawit Mitra Abadi by Pak Suherman. 
- Ethical Recruitment of Foreign Workers and Local Recruitment 
Transformation by Mr Loke Kean Mun. 
- Connecting People, Technology and Agriculture co-presented by Mr 
Yap Soon Joo & Mr Lee Jin Zhen. 
- Responding to New Reality “Managing Multi Generation Workforce” 
by Pak J. Amri Daulay. 
 
√
√√ √ √
√
√√√ √
√
√
√
√
√
√
APPENDIX B 
 
The following are the courses and training programmes attended by the Directors in 2023:
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance
NAME OF DIRECTORS 

---- Page 76 ----
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.)  
Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R)
Tan Sri Dato' Seri Alwi Jantan
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan
Mr Quah Chek Tin
Mr Teo Eng Siong
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun
Madam Chong Kwai Ying
Mr Ho Heng Chuan
COURSES
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)74
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Board Oversight of Climate Risks & Opportunities by The Iclif Executive 
Education Center at Asia School of Business. 
 
Addressing Conﬂicts of Interest in a Public Listed Companies by RAA 
Capital Partners Sdn Bhd organised by Cahya Mata Sarawak Berhad. 
 
Role of Board and Management in a Public Listed Companies by RAA 
Capital Partners Sdn Bhd organised by Cahya Mata Sarawak Berhad. 
 
Digital Assets Update 4Q23: Managing in a high interest rate 
environment by DBS Group Research. 
 
Anti-Bribery Anti-Corruption Awareness Session organised by Mr. 
Aazad Ananthan Abdullah organised by Generali Life Insurance 
Malaysia Berhad. 
 
AML/CFT & Sanctions by PricewaterhouseCoopers organised by 
China Construction Bank (Malaysia) Berhad. 
 
BNM-FIDE Forum Virtual Dialogue Session by Financial Institutions 
Directors’ Education (“FIDE”) Programme. 
Session 1 - Cloud Requirements in Risk Management in Technology 
(“RMiT”) Policy Document  
Session 2 - Artiﬁcial Intelligence & Machine Learning (“AI/ML”) 
Adoption Landscape in the Industry 
 
2023 Genting Malaysia Senior Managers’ Conference: “Customer 
Centricity with the Power of Technologies” by Mr Keith B. Carter, 
Partner, KBC Global Partners Pte Ltd organised by Genting Malaysia 
Berhad. 
 
Qualiﬁed Risk Director Professional Certiﬁcation Program: Series 14 - 
Directors Guide to Governance, Risk and Compliance and Climate 
Change and Principle-based Taxonomy by Institute of Enterprise Risk 
Practitioners. 
√√√√ √ √ √
√
√
√
√
√
√√
√
√
APPENDIX B 
 
The following are the courses and training programmes attended by the Directors in 2023:
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8
NAME OF DIRECTORS 

---- Page 77 ----
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.)  
Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R)
Tan Sri Dato' Seri Alwi Jantan
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan
Mr Quah Chek Tin
Mr Teo Eng Siong
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun
Madam Chong Kwai Ying
Mr Ho Heng Chuan
COURSES
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
75
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The 2024 Budget Seminar by Deloitte Tax Services Sdn Bhd organised 
by Genting Berhad. 
 
Climate Change & Carbon Footprint – Getting the Right Financial Risk 
and Reporting Perspectives by Institute of Corporate Directors 
Malaysia. 
 
Climate Risk Management & Scenario Analysis by Ernst & Young. 
√√√ √ √ √√√
√
√
APPENDIX B 
 
The following are the courses and training programmes attended by the Directors in 2023:
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance
NAME OF DIRECTORS 

---- Page 78 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT76
AUDIT COMMITTEE 
 
The Audit Committee was established on 26 July 1994 to 
serve as a Committee of the Board. In line with the 
recommendation of the Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance, the Audit Committee which has been assisting 
the Board in carrying out, among others, the responsibility of 
overseeing the Company and its subsidiaries’ risk 
management framework and policies, was renamed as 
Audit and Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”) on 29 
December 2017.  
 
On 31 December 2019, the Board approved the separation 
of the ARMC into two (2) separate committees namely, Audit 
Committee (“Committee”) and Risk Management 
Committee (“RMC”). 
 
MEMBERSHIP 
 
The present members of the Committee comprise: 
 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan Chairman/Independent 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Mr Quah Chek Tin Member/ 
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Mr Teo Eng Siong Member/ 
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Madam Chong Kwai Ying Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director 
 
TERMS OF REFERENCE 
 
The Terms of Reference of the Committee are made 
available on the Company’s website at 
www.gentingmalaysia.com. 
 
ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR 
2023 
 
The Committee held a total of six (6) meetings. Details of 
attendance of the Committee members are as follows: 
* The total number of meetings include the special 
meetings held between members of the Committee 
who are Non-Executive Directors of the Company and 
representatives of the external auditors, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT without the presence of 
any Executive Director or management. 
 
* Redesignated as Chairman of the Committee on 1 
June 2023. 
 
SUMMARY OF WORK DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2023 
 
The Committee carried out its duties in accordance with its 
Terms of Reference. 
 
During the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2023, this 
entailed, inter-alia, the following: 
 
i) reviewed and deliberated the internal audit plan for the 
Company and the Group with the Head of Internal 
Audit and authorised deployment of the necessary 
resources to address risk areas identiﬁed; 
 
ii) reviewed and deliberated the internal audit reports of 
the Company and of the Group which were prepared 
on completion of each internal audit assignment; 
 
iii) engaged with the external auditors on the external 
audit plan for the Company and the Group; 
 
iv) reviewed and deliberated the external audit reports of 
the Company and of the Group prepared by the 
external auditors, including all the key audit matters 
raised; 
 
v) reviewed with management and the external auditors 
and deliberated the ﬁnancial results and reports of the 
Company and of the Group for the ﬁnancial year 
ended 31 December 2022 and for the six months period 
ended 30 June 2023; 
 
vi) reviewed with management and deliberated the 
quarterly results and reports of the Company and of the 
Group for the quarters ended 31 March 2023 and 30 
September 2023 and recommended for approval by 
the Board;   
 
vii) reviewed and deliberated related party and recurrent 
related party transactions of the Company and of the 
Group; 
 
viii) analysed and reviewed the proposed audit fees for the 
external auditors in respect of their audit of the ﬁnancial 
statements of the Company and of the Group; 
 
ix) assessed the suitability, objectivity and independence 
of the external auditors and recommended their re-
appointment;  
 
x) reviewed with management and the external auditors 
the annual ﬁnancial statements of the Company and 
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and recommended for approval by the Board;  
 
xi) reviewed and deliberated the quarterly Report of Anti-
Money Laundering and Counter Financing of Terrorism 
and Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption policy related 
matters;  
 
xii) reviewed the 2022 Annual Report of the Company, 
including the Audit Committee Report, Sustainability 
Report and Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control;  
 
xiii) reviewed the proposed appointment of external 
auditors for a newly incorporated wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company and recommended for 
approval by the Board;  
 
xiv) reviewed the revised Terms of Reference of the Audit 
Committee and recommended for approval by the 
Board; and 
Name of Members Number of  
Meetings Attended* 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan* 
Mr Quah Chek Tin 
Mr Teo Eng Siong 
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun 
Madam Chong Kwai Ying  
Tan Sri Datuk Clifford Francis 
Herbert (Demised on 6 May 2023) 
6 out of 6 
6 out of 6 
6 out of 6 
6 out of 6 
6 out of 6 
 
0 out of 2 
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8

---- Page 79 ----
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT (cont’d) 77
SUMMARY OF WORK DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2023 
(cont’d) 
 
xv) reviewed the amendment to the policy on provision of 
non-audit services by the external auditors. 
 
  
HOW THE COMMITTEE DISCHARGED AND MET ITS 
RESPONSIBILITIES DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2023 
 
1. Financial Reporting 
 
The Committee reviewed with management and the 
external auditors and deliberated on the quarterly 
consolidated ﬁnancial statements and the annual 
ﬁnancial statements of the Company and of the Group 
prior to the approval by the Board, focusing primarily 
on: 
 
a. changes in or implementation of major 
accounting policies; 
 
b. signiﬁcant matters highlighted by management or 
the external auditors, including ﬁnancial reporting 
issues, signiﬁcant judgements made by 
management, signiﬁcant and unusual events or 
transactions, and how these matters were 
addressed; and 
 
c. compliance with accounting standards and other 
legal or regulatory requirements  
 
to ensure that the ﬁnancial statements give a true and 
fair view of the ﬁnancial position and ﬁnancial 
performance of the Group and of the Company and 
are in compliance with the Malaysian Financial 
Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting 
Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 
2016 in Malaysia as well as the Main Market Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad 
(“Bursa Securities”). Amendments to ﬁnancial reporting 
standards that are effective for the ﬁnancial year were 
discussed and it was noted that the adoption of these 
amendments to published standards did not have any 
material  impact on the current or prior year and is not 
likely to affect future periods. 
 
The Committee also reviewed and where applicable, 
commented on the representation letters issued by the 
management to the external auditors in relation to the 
ﬁnancial statements for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 
December 2022 and for the six months period ended 
30 June 2023.  
 
2. External Audit 
 
In the course of the review of the condensed 
consolidated interim ﬁnancial information for the six 
months period ended 30 June 2023 and the audit of 
the annual ﬁnancial statements, the external auditors 
identiﬁed discrepancies or matters involving estimates 
or the exercise of judgement which could have 
material impact on the ﬁnancial statements. These 
matters were discussed with management and 
resolved, wherever possible, or held for further 
monitoring and resolution in future.
Signiﬁcant matters requiring follow up were highlighted 
in the reports by the external auditors to the Committee. 
In accordance with International Standards on 
Auditing, key audit matters which in the opinion of the 
external auditors were of most signiﬁcance in their audit 
of the annual ﬁnancial statements were brought to the 
attention of the Committee and highlighted and 
addressed by the external auditors in their audit report. 
The Committee has considered the key audit matters 
highlighted by the external auditors and included in the 
auditors’ report as part of their audit of the ﬁnancial 
statements of the Group for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 
December 2022. These matters were also discussed 
with management to ensure they are appropriately 
accounted for and/or disclosed in the ﬁnancial 
statements. The Committee had deliberated and 
considered management’s basis for conclusions and 
the external auditors’ ﬁndings in relation to these key 
audit matters. 
 
The Committee also reviewed and discussed the 
external auditors’ annual audit plan setting out the 
proposed scope of work before their commencement 
of the audit of the ﬁnancial statements of the Company 
and of the Group.  
 
The proposed audit fees for the external auditors in 
respect of their audit of the ﬁnancial statements of the 
Company and of the Group were analysed and 
reviewed by the Committee for recommendation to the 
Board for approval. Non-audit fees payable to the 
external auditors in respect of non-audit services 
rendered by the external auditors during the ﬁnancial 
year were also reviewed and considered in 
ascertaining the suitability and independence of the 
external auditors. 
 
The Committee conducted its annual assessment 
based on the Group’s revised Policy on external 
auditors’ independence including the non-audit 
services which can be rendered by the external 
auditors for recommending the reappointment of the 
external auditors to the shareholders for approval.  
 
Two (2) Committee meetings were held on 20 February 
2023 and 21 August 2023 without the presence of any 
Executive Director or management of the Company to 
ensure that the external auditors can freely discuss and 
express their opinions on any matter to the Committee, 
and the Committee can be sufﬁciently assured that 
management has fully provided all relevant information 
and responded to all queries from the external auditors. 
 
The external auditors shared their observations on 
signiﬁcant control matters and key audit ﬁndings. 
 
3. Internal Audit 
 
The Internal Audit function is provided by the Internal 
Audit Department of the holding company, Genting 
Berhad based on the plan approved by the 
Committee, to assist the Board in maintaining a sound 
system of internal control. The internal audit 
department reports to the Committee and the primary 
role of the department is to undertake regular and 
systematic review of the governance, risk management 
and internal control processes, including related party 
transactions, to provide sufﬁcient assurance that the 
Company and the Group have sound systems of 
internal control and that established policies and 
procedures are adhered to and continue to be 
effective in addressing the risks identiﬁed. 
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance

---- Page 80 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT (cont’d)78
HOW THE COMMITTEE DISCHARGED AND MET ITS 
RESPONSIBILITIES DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2023 
(cont’d) 
 
3. Internal Audit (cont’d) 
 
Internal audit functions independently of the activities 
it audits and carries out its work objectively according 
to the code of ethics, standards and best practices set 
by professional bodies, primarily consistent with the 
International Professional Practices Framework issued 
by the Institute of Internal Auditors and where 
applicable, reference is made to the standards and 
statements issued by the international accounting and 
auditing organisations. For each audit, a systematic 
methodology is adopted, which primarily includes 
performing risk assessment, developing audit planning 
memorandum, conducting audit, convening exit 
meeting and ﬁnalising audit report. The audit reports 
detail out the objectives, scope of audit work, ﬁndings, 
management responses and conclusion in an 
objective manner and are distributed to the responsible 
parties.  
 
During the year, the Committee reviewed and 
approved the 2024 Internal Audit Plan for the Company 
and the Group and authorised the deployment of 
necessary resources to address risk areas identiﬁed.  
 
The following were considered in the Committee’s 
review: 
 
•The Internal Audit plan was prepared based on a 
risk based approach with the consideration of four 
(4) factors, namely materiality of transactions and 
balances, management concerns (including 
company risk proﬁles), regulatory requirements 
and audit evaluation.  
 
• The internal audit scope extends to cover major 
operating areas of the Company and its 
subsidiaries which include ﬁnancial, accounting, 
information systems, operational and support 
services and administrative activities. 
 
• The internal audit resources comprise degree 
holders and professionals from related disciplines. 
Senior personnel possess vast experience in the 
audit profession as well as in the industries that the 
Company and its subsidiaries are involved in. 
 
The Committee also reviewed and deliberated the 
internal audit reports issued in respect of the Group’s 
entities or operations each quarter. The audits covered 
various operations, systems, processes and functions 
across the Company and the Group. Some 
weaknesses in internal control were identiﬁed for the 
year under review but these were not deemed 
signiﬁcant and have not materially impacted the 
businesses or operations of the Group. Nevertheless, 
measures have been or are being taken to address 
these weaknesses. The internal audit reports also 
included follow-up on corrective measures to ensure 
that management has dealt with the weaknesses 
identiﬁed satisfactorily.  
 
The total costs incurred for the internal audit function of 
the Group for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 
2023 amounted to RM7.05 million. 
 
4. Related Party Transactions 
 
Related party transactions of the Company and its 
subsidiaries which exceeded pre-determined 
thresholds were reviewed by the Committee to ensure 
the transactions were fair, reasonable, on normal 
commercial terms, not detrimental to the interests of the 
minority shareholders and in the best interest of the 
Company before recommending to the Board or 
shareholders for approval. 
 
The Committee reviewed the recurrent related party 
transactions of a revenue or trading nature which were 
necessary for the day to day operations of the 
Company or its subsidiaries that arose within the Group 
to ensure that the transactions were in the ordinary 
course of business and on terms not more favourable 
to the related parties than those generally available to 
the public. 
 
5. Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of 
Terrorism 
 
The Committee reviewed report with regard to matters 
relating to the requirements of the Anti-Money 
Laundering, Counter Financing of Terrorism and 
Targeted Financial Sanctions for Designated Non-
Financial Businesses and Professions (“DNFBPs”) & Non-
Bank Financial Institutions (“NBFIs”) policy document 
issued by the Financial Intelligence and Enforcement 
Department of Bank Negara Malaysia; and other 
material regulatory compliance updates impacting the 
Company and the Group before recommending to the 
Board for approval. 
This Audit Committee Report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors dated 8 March 2024.
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8

---- Page 81 ----
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL 
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
79
Board’s Responsibilities  
 
Pursuant to the requirements under the Malaysian Code on 
Corporate Governance (April 2021) for companies listed on 
the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”), the 
Board of Directors (“the Board”) acknowledges their 
responsibilities under the Bursa Securities Main Market Listing 
Requirements to: - 
 
•Review the risk management framework, processes, 
and responsibilities to provide reasonable assurance 
that risks are managed within tolerable ranges and 
embed risk management in all aspects of business 
activities via identifying principal risks and ensure 
implementation of appropriate control measures to 
manage the risks. 
• Review the adequacy and integrity of the internal 
control system and management information systems 
and systems for compliance with applicable laws, 
regulations, rules, directives, and guidelines. 
 
The Board conﬁrms that there is an ongoing risk 
management process established to identify, evaluate and 
manage signiﬁcant risks to effectively mitigate the risks that 
may impede the achievement of the Genting Malaysia 
Berhad Group of companies’ (“the Genting Malaysia 
Group”) business and corporate objectives. It should be 
noted that an internal control system is designed to manage 
risks rather than eliminate them and can provide only 
reasonable but not absolute assurance against any material 
misstatement or loss.  
 
The review of the risk management and internal control 
reports and processes is delegated by the Board to the Risk 
Management Committee (“RMC”) and the Audit Committee 
(“AC”). The RMC serves to assist the Board to carry out the 
responsibility of overseeing the Genting Malaysia Group’s risk 
management framework and policies. 
 
Management’s Responsibilities 
 
Management is accountable to the Board for the risk 
management and internal control system and for the 
implementation of processes to identify, evaluate, monitor 
and report risks and controls. In this regard, the Genting 
Malaysia Berhad’s Executive Committee (“Executive 
Committee”) which comprises the senior management of 
Genting Malaysia Berhad and chaired by the Deputy 
Chairman & Chief Executive, is responsible to ensure that the 
risk management process is implemented within the Genting 
Malaysia Group. 
The Risk and Business Continuity Management Committee 
(“RBCMC”), has been established at Genting Malaysia 
Berhad, for its operations in Malaysia to: - 
 
•Institutionalise risk management practices.  
• Ensure the effectiveness of the risk management 
policies and processes. 
• Ensure that relevant risks that may impede the 
achievement of objectives are identiﬁed and 
appropriate mitigating actions have been 
implemented. 
• Review signiﬁcant changes to Genting Malaysia 
Berhad’s risks including emerging risks and take actions 
as appropriate to communicate to Genting Malaysia 
Group’s RMC and the Board. 
 
The RBCMC comprising senior management of Genting 
Malaysia Berhad which is chaired by the Genting Malaysia 
Berhad’s Group Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, meets quarterly to 
continually review the effectiveness, adequacy and integrity 
of the risk management system, and recommend key risk 
matters to the RMC and the Board for deliberation and 
approval.  
 
The senior management of the overseas principal subsidiary 
companies are responsible to identify and manage the 
signiﬁcant risks that are affecting their respective operations. 
The risk management practices adopted by the overseas 
principal subsidiary companies are aligned to Genting 
Malaysia Group’s risk management practices.   
 
Key Internal Control Processes  
 
The Genting Malaysia Group’s internal control system 
encompasses the policies, processes and other aspects of 
the organisation that facilitates effective and efﬁcient 
management of its strategic, ﬁnancial and operational risks 
and is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the 
achievement of the Genting Malaysia Group’s objectives.   
 
The key aspects of the internal control process are: - 
 
•The Board, the RMC and the AC meet every quarter to 
discuss business and operational matters raised by the 
Management of the Genting Malaysia Group 
(“Management”), Internal Audit and the external 
auditors including potential risks and control issues. 
• The external auditors independently test certain internal 
controls as part of their audit of the ﬁnancial statements 
and provide recommendations on internal audit 
ﬁndings detected where Management would take 
appropriate actions on these internal control 
recommendations. 
• The Board has delegated the responsibilities to various 
committees established by the Board and 
Management of the holding company and principal 
subsidiary companies to implement and monitor the 
Board’s policies on controls.
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance

---- Page 82 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL 
Key Internal Control Processes (cont’d) 
 
• Delegation of authority including authorisation limits at 
various levels of Management and those requiring the 
Board’s approval are documented and designed to 
ensure accountability and responsibility.  
• Internal procedures and policies are documented in 
manuals, which are reviewed and revised periodically 
to meet changing business and operational 
requirements as well as statutory reporting needs.  
• Performance and cash ﬂow reports are provided to 
Management and the Executive Committee to 
facilitate review and monitoring of the ﬁnancial 
performance and cash ﬂow position. 
• Business/operating units present their annual budget 
which includes the ﬁnancial and operating targets, 
capital expenditure proposals and performance 
indicators for review by the Executive Committee and 
the Board. 
• A quarterly review of the annual budget is undertaken 
by Management to identify and where appropriate, to 
address signiﬁcant variances from the budget. 
• A whistleblower policy is in place to enable anyone with 
a genuine concern on detrimental actions or improper 
conduct to raise it through the conﬁdential channels 
provided. 
 
Internal Audit Function 
 
The Internal Audit function is provided by the Internal Audit 
Department of the holding company, Genting Berhad, 
based on the plan approved by the Genting Malaysia 
Group AC, to undertake regular and systematic review of the 
governance, risk management and internal control 
processes, including related party transactions, to provide 
the Genting Malaysia Group AC with sufﬁcient assurance 
that the systems of internal control are effective in addressing 
the risks identiﬁed. 
 
Internal Audit Department is independent of operational 
activities and carries out its functions according to the code 
of ethics and standards set by the professional bodies, 
primarily consistent with the International Professional 
Practices Framework issued by the Institute of Internal 
Auditors and where applicable, reference is made to the 
standards and statements issued by international 
accounting bodies.  
 
On a quarterly basis, Internal Audit submits audit reports and 
the status of the internal audit plan for review and approval 
by the Genting Malaysia Group AC. Included in the reports 
are root causes and recommended corrective measures on 
risks or internal control weaknesses identiﬁed, if any, for 
implementation by Management. Internal Audit also 
conducts subsequent follow-up work to check that 
Management has dealt with the recommendations 
satisfactorily. 
 
Several weaknesses in internal control were identiﬁed 
through the internal and external audits during the ﬁnancial 
year. These weaknesses have not materially impacted the 
business or operations of the Group and are not deemed 
signiﬁcant. Management has either taken the necessary 
measures to address these weaknesses or is in the process 
of addressing them. 
 
Risk Management Function 
 
The Risk Management Department (“Risk Management”) 
facilitates the implementation of the risk management 
framework and processes of the respective business or 
operating units and reviews risks on an ongoing basis to 
ensure that the risks that may impede the achievement of 
objectives are adequately identiﬁed, evaluated, managed 
and controlled. 
 
The Genting Malaysia Group aligns its risk management 
practices to ISO 31000:2018 Risk Management – Guidelines. 
On a quarterly basis, Risk Management prepares a report 
detailing the signiﬁcant risks, the status of risk reviews and 
the status of implementation of action plans for review by the 
RBCMC, Executive Committee and RMC. 
 
The key aspects of the risk management process are: - 
 
•Risks are identiﬁed by each key business 
function/activity along with assessments of the 
probability and impact of their occurrence. The level of 
residual risk is determined after identifying and 
evaluating the effectiveness of existing 
controls/mitigating measures.  
• The risk proﬁles are re-assessed on a half yearly basis 
and Business/Operations Heads provide a conﬁrmation 
that the review has been carried out and that action 
plans are being monitored. 
• The Risk Management Department facilitates 
discussions with Business/Operations Heads to assess 
the reasonableness of the risks identiﬁed and the 
appropriateness of the proposed mitigating actions. 
• On a quarterly basis, a risk management report 
detailing Genting Malaysia Berhad’s status of risk 
reviews, signiﬁcant risk issues identiﬁed and the status 
of implementation of action plans are reviewed and 
discussed by the RBCMC before presenting the report 
to the Executive Committee for approval.  
• The risk reports from the principal subsidiary companies 
are consolidated quarterly for reporting.     
• A risk management report summarising the Genting 
Malaysia Group’s signiﬁcant risks and/or the status of 
action plans is presented quarterly to the RMC for 
review, deliberation, and recommendation for 
endorsement by the Board. 
 
(cont’d)
80
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8

---- Page 83 ----
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL 
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
Risk Management Function (cont’d) 
 
Business continuity management is regarded to be an
 
integral part of the Genting Malaysia Group’s risk 
management process. In this regard, the Genting Malaysia 
Group has established the relevant business continuity plans 
to minimise business disruptions in the event of failures of 
critical IT systems, facilities, and operational processes.  The 
documentation of the business continuity plans for the 
Genting Malaysia Group’s core business operations are in 
place and these business continuity plans are reviewed and 
updated periodically. 
 
Key Risk Areas for 2023 
 
The strategic, ﬁnancial, and operational risks that impact the 
Genting Malaysia Group are identiﬁed, evaluated and 
managed within its risk appetite. In this regard, the Group 
ensures high standards of governance and responsible 
business practices across its entire operations and shall not 
compromise on the safety, health and security of its 
employees and customers, any form of unethical activity, 
non-compliance to applicable laws or any other activity that 
may adversely impact Genting Malaysia Group’s reputation.  
 
The Board and Management of Genting Malaysia Group 
recognise that any major risk exposure inherent in its 
operating environment and business activities could 
signiﬁcantly impede the achievements of the Genting 
Malaysia Group’s business and corporate objectives and 
would adversely affect the Group’s ability to create and 
protect value.  
 
The following are the key risk areas identiﬁed in the year 
under review: 
 
a) Security Risk  
 
The Group is exposed to external threats to its properties 
and assets, which may threaten the safety and security 
of its customers and employees as well as interrupt its 
business operations, thus impairing the Group’s 
reputation. In light of this, the Group employs the 
appropriate control measures including leveraging on 
technology in security as well as vigilant screening and 
monitoring of all its key properties and assets.  
 
b) Business Continuity Risk  
 
The business activities of the Group may be disrupted 
by failure to renew a core operational license, an 
outbreak of major contagious disease, and any major 
natural disasters. Appropriate systems and procedures 
with adequate capacity and resources have been put 
in place to mitigate these risks. Relevant disaster 
recovery and business continuity management plans 
have been established. These plans are reviewed and 
updated regularly, and tested to ensure that they are 
effective in mitigating the adverse impact arising from 
prolonged business disruptions.  
 
 
Genting Malaysia Group continues to proactively manage 
the other major exposure risks that impacts its operating 
environment and business activities.  
 
Conclusion 
 
The process for identifying, evaluating and managing risks 
as outlined on this statement has been in place for the year 
under review and up to the date of approval of this 
statement. The risk management process and internal 
control system of the Genting Malaysia Group have been 
reviewed and found to be operating adequately and 
effectively in all material respects and the Board has 
accordingly received a statement of assurance from the 
relevant key executive ofﬁcers including the Deputy 
Chairman & Chief Executive; Deputy Chief  Executive & 
Executive Director; Group President & Executive Director and 
Group Chief Financial Ofﬁcer of Genting Malaysia Berhad 
and the Company’s Head of Internal Audit.  
 
In issuing this statement, the Board has also taken into 
consideration the representations made by the Genting 
Malaysia Berhad’s principal subsidiary companies in respect 
of their risk management and internal control systems. 
 
The disclosures in this statement do not include the risk 
management and internal control practices of the associate 
and joint venture companies of Genting Malaysia Berhad. 
The Company’s interests in these entities are safeguarded 
through the appointment of members of the Company’s 
senior management to the board of directors and the 
management committee of the associate and joint venture 
companies. Additionally, where necessary, key ﬁnancial and 
other appropriate information on the performance of this 
entity were obtained and reviewed periodically. 
 
Review of Statement by External Auditors 
 
As required by Paragraph 15.23 of the Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad Main Market Listing Requirements, the 
external auditors have reviewed this Statement on Risk 
Management and Internal Control. Their limited assurance 
review was performed in accordance with Audit and 
Assurance Practice Guide ("AAPG") 3 issued by the 
Malaysian Institute of Accountants. AAPG 3 does not require 
the external auditors to form an opinion on the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the risk management and internal 
control systems of the Group. 
 
Based on the procedures performed, nothing had come to 
their attention that caused them to believe that the 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control set out 
above was not prepared, in all material respects, in 
accordance with the disclosures required by paragraphs 41 
and 42 of the Statement on Risk Management and Internal 
Control: Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuers, nor was 
factually inaccurate.  
 
This Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control is 
made in accordance with a resolution of the Board dated 8 
March 2024. 
 
(cont’d)
81
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance

---- Page 84 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE REPORT82
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
 
In line with the recommendation of the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance, the Audit Committee of the Company 
which has been assisting the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) in carrying out, among others, the responsibility 
of overseeing the risk management framework and policies of the Company and its subsidiaries (“Group”), was renamed as 
Audit and Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”) on 29 December 2017.  
 
On 31 December 2019, the Board approved the separation of the ARMC into two (2) separate committees namely, Audit 
Committee and Risk Management Committee (“RMC”).  
 
The RMC serves as a Committee of the Board to assist the Board in carrying out the responsibility of overseeing the Company 
and its subsidiaries’ risk management framework and policies. 
 
 
MEMBERSHIP 
 
The present members of the RMC comprise: 
 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan Chairman/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
Mr Quah Chek Tin Member/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
Mr Teo Eng Siong Member/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
Madam Chong Kwai Ying Member/Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
 
TERMS OF REFERENCE 
 
The Terms of Reference of the RMC are made available on the Company’s website at www.gentingmalaysia.com. 
 
 
ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2023 
 
The RMC held a total of four (4) meetings. Details of attendance of the RMC members are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* Redesignated as Chairman of the RMC on 1 June 2023. 
Name of Members Number of  Meetings Attended
Mr Ho Heng Chuan* 
Mr Quah Chek Tin 
Mr Teo Eng Siong 
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun 
Madam Chong Kwai Ying  
Tan Sri Datuk Clifford Francis Herbert 
(Demised on 6 May 2023)
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
4 out of 4 
 
0 out of 1 
1 2 3 5 6 74 Governance8

---- Page 85 ----
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE REPORT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
83
SUMMARY OF WORK DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2023 
 
The RMC carried out its duties in accordance with its Terms of Reference.  
 
During the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2023, this entailed, inter-alia, the following: 
 
i) reviewed the risk management processes and deliberated on the risk management reports prepared by the Risk 
Management Department as reviewed by the Risk and Business Continuity Management Committee and Executive 
Committee of the Company in relation to the Group’s risk management and business continuity management to ensure 
that all necessary risk mitigation measures to address the critical risk areas have been or were being put in place and 
the relevant action plans have been implemented accordingly;   
 
ii) reviewed the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control in the 2022 Annual Report of the Company; and 
 
iii) reviewed the revised Terms of Reference of the Risk Management Committee and recommended for approval by the 
Board. 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS 
 
As proper risk management is a signiﬁcant component of a sound system of internal control, the Group has also put in place 
a risk management process to help the Board in identifying, evaluating and managing risks. The Genting Malaysia Berhad’s 
Executive Committee is responsible to ensure that the risk management process is implemented within the Genting Malaysia 
Berhad Group. 
 
The review of the risk management processes and reports is delegated by the Board to the RMC. In this regard, quarterly risk 
management reports and the annual Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control are reviewed and deliberated by 
the RMC prior to recommending for endorsement by the Board. 
 
The RMC of the Company reviewed the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control which provides an overview of 
the state of internal controls within the Group as set out on pages 79 to 81 of the Integrated Annual Report. 
 
This Risk Management Committee Report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors dated  
8 March 2024. 
7 6 5 3 2 148Governance

---- Page 86 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors of GENTING MALAYSIA BERHAD have pleasure 
in submitting their report together with the audited ﬁnancial 
statements of the Group and of the Company for the 
ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
 
The Company is involved in an integrated resort business at 
Genting Highlands and its principal activities cover leisure 
and hospitality services, which comprise gaming, hotels, 
food and beverage, theme parks, retail and entertainment 
attractions. 
 
The principal activities of the Group include operation of 
casinos, leisure and hospitality services, property investment 
and management, investments, tours and travel related 
services and provision of sales and marketing services. 
 
Details of the principal activities of the subsidiaries, joint 
venture and associates are set out in Note 46 to the ﬁnancial 
statements. 
 
There have been no signiﬁcant changes in the nature of the 
activities of the Group and of the Company during the 
ﬁnancial year.  
 
FINANCIAL RESULTS 
 
                                                              Group       Company 
                                                     RM Million       RM Million
                                                                                                   
Proﬁt before taxation                              674.2                807.7 
Taxation                                                 (313.3)             (124.0) 
Proﬁt for the ﬁnancial year                     360.9                683.7 
 
 
CONSOLIDATION OF SUBSIDIARY WITH DIFFERENT 
FINANCIAL YEAR END 
 
The Companies Commission of Malaysia (“CCM”) had on 
30 January 2024 granted an order dated 23 January 2024 
pursuant to Section 247(7) of the Companies Act 2016 
approving the application by the Company to allow its 
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in India, 
namely Resorts World Travel Services Private Limited to adopt 
a ﬁnancial year end which does not coincide with that of the 
Company in relation to the ﬁnancial year ending 31 March 
2024, subject to the following conditions: 
 
(i) The Company is required to report this approval in its 
Directors’ Report; and 
 
(ii) The Company is to ensure compliance with Sections 
252 and 253 of the Companies Act 2016 and Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standard 10 on Consolidated 
Financial Statements pertaining to the preparation of 
its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
TREASURY SHARES 
 
The shareholders of the Company had granted a mandate 
to the Company to purchase its own shares at the Forty-Third 
Annual General Meeting held on 31 May 2023. 
 
The Company had pursuant to Section 127(7)(c) of the 
Companies Act 2016, transferred 2,535,144 treasury shares 
to eligible employees under the employees’ share scheme 
during the ﬁnancial year. 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the total number of treasury shares 
held by the Company in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 127 of the Companies Act 2016 was 270,302,915. 
 
DIVIDENDS 
 
Dividends paid by the Company since the end of previous 
ﬁnancial year were: 
 
(i) a ﬁnal single-tier dividend of 9.0 sen per ordinary share 
amounting to RM510.1 million in respect of the ﬁnancial 
year ended 31 December 2022 was paid on 14 April 
2023; and 
 
(ii) an interim single-tier dividend of 6.0 sen per ordinary 
share amounting to RM340.1 million in respect of the 
current ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2023 was 
paid on 2 October 2023. 
 
A ﬁnal single-tier dividend of 9.0 sen per ordinary share in 
respect of the current ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 
2023 has been declared for payment on 15 April 2024 to 
shareholders registered in the Register of Members on 21 
March 2024. Based on the total number of issued shares 
(excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at 31 
December 2023, the ﬁnal dividend would amount to RM510.1 
million. 
 
RESERVES AND PROVISIONS 
 
There were no other material transfers to or from reserves or 
provisions during the ﬁnancial year other than as disclosed 
in the ﬁnancial statements. 
 
ISSUE OF SHARES AND DEBENTURES 
 
There were no issues of shares or debentures during the 
ﬁnancial year. 
 
SHARE OPTIONS 
 
No options have been granted by the Company to any 
parties during the ﬁnancial year to take up unissued shares 
of the Company. 
 
No shares have been issued during the ﬁnancial year by 
virtue of the exercise of any option to take up unissued 
shares of the Company. As at the end of the ﬁnancial year, 
there were no unissued shares of the Company under 
options. 
 
84
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 87 ----
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEME 
 
The Company established a Long Term Incentive Plan (“Scheme”) on 27 February 2018 and the Scheme is administered by 
the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the By-Laws for the Scheme. The Scheme is for Executive Directors and 
certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, excluding subsidiaries which are dormant or incorporated outside 
Malaysia, who have met the criteria of eligibility for participation in the Scheme. The Scheme which comprises restricted share 
plan (“RSP”) and performance share plan (“PSP”) took effect from 27 February 2018 and is in force for a period of 6 years 
(“Scheme Period”). The maximum number of Scheme shares which may be made available under the Scheme shall not 
exceed 3% of the issued and paid-up ordinary share capital (excluding treasury shares) of the Company at any point of time 
during the Scheme Period (“Maximum Scheme Shares Available”).  
 
The salient features and details of the Scheme are disclosed in Note 35 to the ﬁnancial statements. 
 
Since the commencement of the Scheme, the Company granted a total of 42,919,187 Scheme shares to eligible employees, 
of which 11,957,640 Scheme shares had lapsed and 30,961,547 Scheme shares had been vested. 
 
Since the commencement of the Scheme, the aggregate maximum number of Scheme shares that may be allocated under 
the Scheme to any one of the eligible employees (including Executive Directors and Senior Management) shall be determined
 
by the Remuneration Committee from time to time, provided that the allocation to an eligible employee, who, either singly or 
collectively through persons connected with the eligible employee as deﬁned in the Main Market Listing Requirements of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, holds 20% or more of the issued and paid-up ordinary share capital (excluding treasury 
shares) of the Company, shall not exceed 10% of the Maximum Scheme Shares Available.  
 
During the ﬁnancial year, no Scheme share was granted. The actual percentage of the Scheme shares granted to the 
Executive Directors and Senior Management since the commencement of the Scheme was 0.61% of the issued and paid-up 
ordinary share capital (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at 31 December 2023. 
 
Since the commencement of the Scheme, an aggregate of 27,479,762 Scheme shares was granted to Executive Directors 
and Chief Executive, of which 3,722,589 Scheme shares had lapsed and 23,757,173 Scheme shares had been vested.  
 
During the ﬁnancial year, 2,535,144 Scheme shares being treasury shares from the Company’s share buy-back account have 
been vested and transferred to the eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the By-Laws governing the Scheme. 
 
The Scheme had expired on 26 February 2024 and the Scheme shares previously granted under the Scheme had been fully 
vested in year 2023. 
 
DIRECTORATE 
 
The Directors in ofﬁce during the ﬁnancial year and during the period from the end of the ﬁnancial year to the date of the 
report are:  
 
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan 
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay 
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui 
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan 
Mr Quah Chek Tin  
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.) Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R) 
Mr Teo Eng Siong 
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun 
Madam Chong Kwai Ying 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan 
Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir (Appointed on 19 January 2024) 
Tan Sri Datuk Clifford Francis Herbert (Demised on 6 May 2023) 
Dato’ Dr. Lee Bee Phang (Resigned on 6 April 2023) 
 
85
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 88 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (cont’d)
DIRECTORATE (cont’d) 
 
According to the Register of Directors’ Shareholdings, the following persons who were Directors of the Company at the end 
of the ﬁnancial year had interests in shares of the Company; Genting Berhad, a company which owned 49.33% equity interest 
in the Company as at 31 December 2023; and Genting Plantations Berhad and Genting Singapore Limited, both of which 
are subsidiaries of Genting Berhad, as set out below: 
 
Interest in the Company 
                                                                                   1.1.2023                  Acquired                  Disposed               31.12.2023 
                                                                                                                   (Number of ordinary shares) 
Shareholdings in which the Directors 
have direct interests 
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan                                        930,000                        32,000                      230,000                     732,000 
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui                                        3,522,864                      757,458                                  -                  4,280,322 
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan                                           6,166,771                      665,189                   2,000,000                  4,831,960 
Mr Quah Chek Tin                                                              5,000                                  -                                  -                         5,000 
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.) 
Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R)                                 10,000                                  -                                  -                       10,000 
Mr Teo Eng Siong                                                            540,000                                  -                                  -                     540,000 
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun                                                         40,000                                  -                                  -                       40,000 
 
Interest of Spouse/Child of Directors 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                                                          32,636                        60,377                                  -                       93,013 
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan                                                          -                   2,000,000                                  -                  2,000,000 
Mr Teo Eng Siong                                                                2,000                                  -                                  -                         2,000 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan                                                        161,000                                  -                                  -                     161,000 
 
Shareholdings in which the Directors 
have deemed interests 
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                                             2,832,367,999(a)                               -                 35,375,810           2,796,992,189(a) 
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui                                2,832,367,999(a)                               -                 35,375,810           2,796,992,189(a) 
 
Long Term Incentive Plan (“Scheme”) 
shares in the names of Directors                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                   1.1.2023          Granted            Vested           Lapsed          31.12.2023 
                                                                                                                         (Number of ordinary shares) 
Restricted Share Plan 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui                                           578,200(b)                     -            578,200                        -                             - 
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan                                             507,800(b)                     -            507,800                        -                             - 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Performance Share Plan 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui                                           179,258(b)                     -            179,258                        -                             - 
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan                                             157,389(b)                     -            157,389                        -                             - 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Interest of Spouse/Child of a Director                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Restricted Share Plan 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                                                         47,800(b)                     -              47,800                        -                             - 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Performance Share Plan 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                                                         12,577(b)                     -              12,577                        -                             - 
 
Interest in Genting Berhad 
                                                                                       1.1.2023                  Acquired                  Disposed               31.12.2023 
                                                                                                                    (Number of ordinary shares) 
Shareholdings in which the Directors 
have direct interests 
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Mr Quah Chek Tin                                                              6,250                                  -                                  -                         6,250 
Mr Teo Eng Siong                                                            100,000                                  -                                  -                     100,000 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan                                                        205,000                                  -                                  -                     205,000 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
86
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 89 ----
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
DIRECTORATE (cont’d) 
 
Interest in Genting Berhad (cont’d) 
                                                                                   1.1.2023
                 Acquired                  Disposed               31.12.2023 
                                                                                                                   (Number of ordinary shares) 
Interest of Spouse/Child of Directors 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Mr Quah Chek Tin                                                       1,250,000                                  -                                  -                  1,250,000 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan                                                          75,000                                  -                                  -                       75,000 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Shareholdings in which the Directors  
have deemed interests 
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                                             1,694,779,090(c)                               -                                  -           1,694,779,090(c) 
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui                                 1,694,779,090(c)                               -                                  -           1,694,779,090(c) 
 
Interest in Genting Plantations Berhad                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                   1.1.2023                  Acquired                  Disposed               31.12.2023 
                                                                                                                   (Number of ordinary shares) 
Shareholdings in which the Directors 
have direct interests 
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                                                        442,800                                  -                                  -                     442,800 
Mr Teo Eng Siong                                                                9,600                                  -                                  -                         9,600 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Shareholdings in which the Directors 
have deemed interests  
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                                                488,406,000(d)                               -                                  -              488,406,000(d) 
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui                                   488,406,000(d)                               -                                  -              488,406,000(d) 
 
Interest in Genting Singapore Limited                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                   1.1.2023                  Acquired                  Disposed               31.12.2023 
                                                                                                                   (Number of ordinary shares) 
Shareholdings in which the Directors  
have direct interests 
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan                                     1,264,192                                  -                                  -                  1,264,192 
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                                                   15,695,063                                  -                                  -                15,695,063 
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan                                              937,585                                  -                                  -                     937,585 
Mr Quah Chek Tin                                                       1,190,438                                  -                                  -                  1,190,438 
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.) 
Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R)                               988,292                                  -                                  -                     988,292 
Mr Teo Eng Siong                                                            100,000                                  -                                  -                     100,000 
 
Shareholdings in which the Directors  
have deemed interests 
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay                                             6,353,828,069(e)                               -                                  -           6,353,828,069(e) 
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui                                 6,353,828,069(e)                               -                                  -           6,353,828,069(e) 
 
Legend  
(a) Deemed interest by virtue of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui being:  
(i) beneﬁciaries of a discretionary trust of which Parkview Management Sdn Bhd (“PMSB”) is the trustee. PMSB as trustee 
of the discretionary trust owns 100% of the voting shares of Kien Huat International Limited (“KHI”) which in turn owns 
100% of the voting shares of Kien Huat Realty Sdn Berhad (“KHR”). KHR owns more than 20% of the voting shares of 
Genting Berhad (“GENT”) which in turn owns ordinary shares in Genting Malaysia Berhad (“GENM”). As such, PMSB 
as trustee of the discretionary trust is deemed interested in the ordinary shares of GENM held by GENT as it is entitled 
to exercise or control the exercise of not less than 20% of the votes attached to the voting shares in GENT. PMSB as 
trustee of the discretionary trust is also deemed interested in the ordinary shares of GENM held by KHR by virtue of 
its controlling interest in KHR; and   
(ii) beneﬁciaries of a discretionary trust of which Summerhill Trust Company (Isle of Man) Limited (“STC”) is the trustee. 
Golden Hope Limited (“GHL”) acts as trustee of the Golden Hope Unit Trust (“GHUT”), a private unit trust whose 
voting units are ultimately owned by STC as trustee of the discretionary trust. GHL as trustee of the GHUT owns 
ordinary shares in GENM.  
 
87
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 90 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (cont’d)
DIRECTORATE (cont’d) 
 
Legend (cont’d) 
 
(b) Represents the right of the participant to receive ordinary shares subject to the performance conditions as determined 
by the Remuneration Committee of GENM. 
 
(c) Deemed interest by virtue of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui being beneﬁciaries of a discretionary 
trust of which PMSB is the trustee. PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust owns 100% of the voting shares of KHI which 
in turn owns 100% of the voting shares in KHR. As such, PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust is deemed interested in 
the ordinary shares of GENT held by KHI and KHR by virtue of its controlling interest in KHI and KHR.  
 
Arising from the above, Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui have deemed interests in the shares of 
certain subsidiaries of GENT.  
 
(d) Deemed interest by virtue of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui being beneﬁciaries of a discretionary 
trust of which PMSB is the trustee. PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust owns 100% of the voting shares of KHI which 
in turn owns 100% of the voting shares in KHR. KHR owns more than 20% of the voting shares of GENT which in turn owns 
ordinary shares in Genting Plantations Berhad (“GENP”). As such, PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust is deemed 
interested in the ordinary shares of GENP held by GENT as it is entitled to exercise or control the exercise of not less than 
20% of the votes attached to the voting shares in GENT. 
 
(e) Deemed interest by virtue of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui being beneﬁciaries of a discretionary 
trust of which PMSB is the trustee. 
 
PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust is deemed interested in the shares of Genting Singapore Limited (“GENS”) held 
by KHR and Genting Overseas Holdings Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of GENT. KHR controls more than 20% of the 
voting share capital of GENT. 
 
Apart from the above disclosures: 
 
(a) the Directors of the Company do not have any other interests in shares in the Company and in shares in other related 
corporations of the Company either at the beginning or end of the ﬁnancial year; and 
 
(b) neither during nor at the end of the ﬁnancial year, was the Company a party to any arrangement whose object is to 
enable the Directors to acquire beneﬁts by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any 
other body corporate. 
 
Since the end of the previous ﬁnancial year, no Director of the Company has received or become entitled to receive a beneﬁt 
(other than a beneﬁt included in the aggregate amount of remuneration received or due and receivable by the Directors 
and the provision for Directors’ retirement gratuities shown in the ﬁnancial statements or the ﬁxed salary of a full-time employee 
of the Company and/or related corporations) by reason of a contract made by the Company or a related corporation with 
the Director or with a ﬁrm of which he/she is a member or with a company in which he/she has a substantial ﬁnancial interest 
except for any beneﬁt which may be deemed to have arisen by virtue of the following transactions: 
 
(a) Two (2) corporations in which Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui has substantial ﬁnancial interests, have licenced certain 
intellectual property and provided consultancy services for the design and construction of Zouk venues and certain 
dining venues at Resorts World Las Vegas, in partnership with Resorts World Las Vegas, LLC, an indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiary of GENT. 
 
(b)  Transactions made by the Company or its related corporations with certain corporations or with a Director or with a 
corporation of which the Director has a substantial ﬁnancial interest referred to in Note 45 in which the nature of 
relationships of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui are disclosed therein. 
 
88
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 91 ----
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
DIRECTORATE (cont’d) 
 
The names of Directors of subsidiaries where the shares are held by the Company are listed below (excluding directors who 
are also directors of the Company): 
 
Mr Lee Thiam Kit                                                         Dato’ Sri Tan Kong Han  
Mr Andrew Tan Kim Seng#                                         Ms Sharon Ann Cain^ 
Ms Koh Poy Yong                                                         (alternate director to Mr Mark 
Mr Koh Chuan Seng                                                    Jonathan Lewin) 
Mr Mark Jonathan Lewin                                           Mr Michael James McHale* 
                                                                             (alternate director to Mr Mark 
                                                                             Jonathan Lewin) 
 
# Appointed on 1 November 2023 
^ Appointed on 31 January 2024 
* Resigned on 31 January 2024 
                                                                  
There was no remuneration paid or payable to the Directors of the subsidiaries during the ﬁnancial year. 
 
DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION 
 
Details of the remuneration of the Directors of the Company are set out below: 
 
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
                                                                                                                                                                                          Group and 
                                                                                                                                                                                    Company 
                                                                                                                                                                                            2023 
Non-executive Directors:                                                                                                                                                                    
- Fees                                                                                                                                                                                              1.5 
- Other short term employee beneﬁts                                                                                                                                           0.8
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Executive Directors:                                                                                                                                                                             
- Fees                                                                                                                                                                                               0.5 
- Salaries and bonuses                                                                                                                                                                56.8 
- Deﬁned contribution plan                                                                                                                                                         10.1 
- Other short term employee beneﬁts                                                                                                                                           0.4 
- Provision for retirement gratuities                                                                                                                                               0.2 
- Employee Share Scheme                                                                                                                                                            0.2 
Directors’ remuneration excluding estimated monetary value of beneﬁts-in-kind                                                                70.5 
Estimated monetary value of beneﬁts-in-kind                                                                                                                             1.8 
                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                      72.3 
 
 
INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE COSTS 
 
The Directors and Ofﬁcers of the Group and the Company are covered by Directors and Ofﬁcers Liability Insurance (“D&O”) 
for any liability incurred in the discharge of their duties provided that they have not acted fraudulently or dishonestly or derived 
any personal proﬁt or advantage. The insurance is taken by Genting Berhad, the holding company of the Company, on a 
Genting Berhad group basis. The premium borne by the Company for the D&O coverage during the ﬁnancial year was 
approximately RM0.53 million. 
 
89
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 92 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (cont’d)
OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION 
 
Before the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company were prepared, the Directors took reasonable steps: 
 
(i) to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the making of allowance 
for doubtful debts and satisﬁed themselves that all known bad debts had been written off and adequate allowance 
had been made for doubtful debts; and 
 
(ii) to ensure that any current assets, other than debts, which were unlikely to realise in the ordinary course of business 
including the value of current assets as shown in the accounting records, were written down to an amount which the 
current assets might be expected so to realise. 
 
At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances: 
 
(i) which would render the amount written off for bad debts or the amount of the allowance for doubtful debts in the 
ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company inadequate to any substantial extent; 
 
(ii) which would render the values attributed to the current assets in the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the 
Company misleading; 
 
(iii) which have arisen which render adherence to the existing methods of valuation of assets or liabilities in the ﬁnancial 
statements of the Group and of the Company misleading or inappropriate; and 
 
(iv) not otherwise dealt with in this report or in the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company, that would render 
any amount stated in the respective ﬁnancial statements misleading. 
 
At the date of this report, there does not exist: 
 
(i) any charge on the assets of the Group or of the Company that has arisen since the end of the ﬁnancial year which 
secures the liabilities of any other person; or 
 
(ii) any contingent liability in respect of the Group or of the Company that has arisen since the end of the ﬁnancial year. 
 
No contingent or other liability of the Group or of the Company has become enforceable, or is likely to become enforceable 
within the period of twelve months after the end of the ﬁnancial year which, in the opinion of the Directors, will or may 
substantially affect the ability of the Group or of the Company to meet their obligations as and when they fall due. 
 
In the opinion of the Directors: 
 
(i) the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company for the ﬁnancial year have not been substantially affected 
by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature except for those disclosed in the ﬁnancial statements; 
and  
 
(ii) other than the subsequent event disclosed in Note 47 to the ﬁnancial statements, no item, transaction or event of a 
material and unusual nature has arisen in the interval between the end of the ﬁnancial year and the date of this report 
which is likely to affect substantially the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company for the ﬁnancial year 
in which this report is made. 
 
SUBSIDIARIES 
 
Details of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in Note 46 to the ﬁnancial statements. 
 
HOLDING COMPANY  
 
The Directors of the Company regard Genting Berhad, a company incorporated in Malaysia, as its immediate and ultimate 
holding company as Genting Berhad continues to have control over the Company within the deﬁnition of “control” as set out 
in Malaysian Financial Reporting Standard 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements”, although its shareholding in the Company 
was 49.33% as at 31 December 2023.
90
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 93 ----
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
AUDITORS 
 
Auditors’ remuneration for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2023 in respect of the statutory audit and other audit related
 
services of the Group and the Company amounted to RM2.6 million and RM1.3 million respectively, which are payable to the 
auditors and other member ﬁrms of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited. Total fees for non-audit related services 
paid/payable by the Group and the Company to the auditors and other members ﬁrms of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
International Limited for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to RM0.9 million and RM0.4 million respectively. 
 
The auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146), have expressed their willingness to accept re-
appointment as auditors. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the Directors. 
 
 
 
 
 
TAN SRI DATO’ SERI ALWI JANTAN                                            DATO’ SRI LEE CHOONG YAN 
Chairman/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director                Group President and Executive Director/ 
                                                                                                        Non-Independent Executive Director 
 
8 March 2024
91
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 94 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS 
In the opinion of the Directors, the ﬁnancial statements set out on pages 93 to 170 are drawn up in accordance with Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 
in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair view of the ﬁnancial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 
2023 and of the ﬁnancial performance of the Group and of the Company for the ﬁnancial year then ended. 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the Directors. 
 
 
 
 
 
TAN SRI DATO’ SERI ALWI JANTAN                                             DATO’ SRI LEE CHOONG YAN  
Chairman/Non-Independent Non-Executive Director                 Group President and Executive Director/ 
                                                                                                         Non-Independent Executive Director 
 
8 March 2024
Pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016
92
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 95 ----
INCOME STATEMENTS 
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                                   Group
                                 Company 
                                                                                         Note(s)                2023                2022                2023                2022 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Revenue                                                                                 5 & 6             10,189.4            8,603.0            6,415.7             5,213.5 
Cost of sales                                                                             7                 (7,625.6)          (6,606.9)         (4,673.2)         (3,836.8) 
Gross proﬁt                                                                                                   2,563.8             1,996.1            1,742.5             1,376.7 
Other income                                                                                                   648.0               354.4                 58.3                  28.4 
Selling and distribution costs                                                                         (233.4)            (129.1)              (60.1)               (36.3) 
Administration expenses                                                                               (829.8)             (770.9)            (229.4)             (215.5) 
Reversal of previously recognised 
impairment losses                                                                  9                              -                       -                   8.3                        - 
Impairment losses                                                                    9                      (33.3)             (412.3)                (6.2)               (57.8) 
Other expenses                                                                                              (426.6)             (359.1)              (96.5)               (80.3) 
Other (losses)/gains – net                                                       8                    (159.2)            (271.3)            (149.0)             (250.9) 
Proﬁt from operations                                                                                  1,529.5                407.8            1,267.9                764.3 
Finance costs                                                                           9                    (635.3)             (596.7)            (460.2)             (460.6) 
Share of results in associates                                                 21                   (218.8)             (153.2)                      -                        - 
Share of results in a joint venture                                           22                       (1.2)                (0.1)                      -                        - 
Proﬁt/(loss) before taxation                                         5, 9, 10 & 11            674.2              (342.2)              807.7               303.7 
Taxation                                                                                   12                   (313.3)             (325.2)            (124.0)             (226.8) 
Proﬁt/(loss) for the ﬁnancial year                                                                 360.9              (667.4)              683.7                 76.9 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Attributable to:                                                                                                                                                                                     
Equity holders of the Company                                                                   436.8              (520.0)              683.7                 76.9 
Non-controlling interests                                                                                (75.9)            (147.4)                      -                        - 
                                                                                                                          360.9              (667.4)              683.7                 76.9 
 
Earnings/(loss) per share attributable 
to equity holders of the Company:                                                                                                                         
Basic earnings/(loss) per share (sen)                                   13                       7.71                (9.18)                        
Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (sen)                                13                       7.71                (9.18)
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
93
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 96 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                                   Group                                 Company 
                                                                                           Note                   2023                2022               2023                2022 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Proﬁt/(loss) for the ﬁnancial year                                                              360.9              (667.4)              683.7                 76.9 
 
Other comprehensive income/(loss), 
net of tax:                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Items that will not be reclassiﬁed 
  subsequently to proﬁt or loss:                                                                                                                                                         
Actuarial loss on retirement beneﬁt liability                                                          *                  (2.4)                      -                        - 
                                                                                                                                 *                  (2.4)                      -                        - 
 
Items that may be reclassiﬁed 
  subsequently to proﬁt or loss:                                                                                                                                                         
Cash ﬂow hedges                                                                                                                                                                                
- Fair value changes                                                                                                -                   0.9                        -                       - 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Net foreign currency exchange differences                                                                                                                                      
- Exchange differences on translation 
of foreign operations                                                                                  572.2                191.8                        -                       - 
- Reclassiﬁcation to proﬁt or loss upon 
disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                       -                      *                        -                       - 
                                                                                                                          572.2                191.8                        -                       - 
                                                                                                                          572.2                192.7                        -                       - 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Other comprehensive income for the 
ﬁnancial year, net of tax                                                  12                     572.2               190.3                        -                       - 
Total comprehensive income/(loss) 
for the ﬁnancial year                                                                                    933.1              (477.1)              683.7                 76.9 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Total comprehensive income/(loss) 
attributable to:                                                                                                                                                                                   
Equity holders of the Company                                                                1,041.6              (301.4)              683.7                 76.9 
Non-controlling interests                                                                             (108.5)             (175.7)                      -                        - 
                                                                                                                       933.1              (477.1)              683.7                 76.9 
 
* less than RM0.1 million 
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
1 2 3 5 6 74
94
Financial Statements8

---- Page 97 ----
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                                   Group
                                 Company 
                                                                                           Note                   2023                2022               2023                2022 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
ASSETS                                                                                                                                                                                          
Non-Current Assets                                                                                                                                                                             
Property, plant and equipment                                           15               14,497.5           15,380.8            8,811.7             9,186.3 
Land held for property development                                  16                     176.3               199.1                        -                       - 
Investment properties                                                           17                     910.3            1,884.1                        -                       - 
Intangible assets                                                                   18                 4,253.2             4,083.6                   0.4                    0.6 
Right-of-use assets                                                                19                     604.1               627.7                 88.6                  10.8 
Subsidiaries                                                                           20                             -                        -          14,592.7           15,045.2 
Associates                                                                             21                 1,936.0             2,062.2                        -                       - 
Joint venture                                                                         22                       41.7                  42.8                        -                       - 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income                                           23                       71.0                 67.9                   1.6                    1.6 
Financial assets at fair value through 
proﬁt or loss                                                                         24                       50.3               119.0                 50.3                        - 
Other non-current assets                                                      26                     355.6               337.1                   0.4                    0.4 
Deferred tax assets                                                               37                       43.2                 29.4                        -                       - 
                                                                                                                    22,939.2           24,833.7          23,545.7           24,244.9 
 
Current Assets                                                                                                                                                                                     
Inventories                                                                             27                     179.1               150.6               111.0                  86.3 
Trade and other receivables                                               28                     611.9               542.1               202.3                242.1 
Amounts due from subsidiaries                                           20                             -                        -                 82.9                  21.1 
Amounts due from related companies                              29                         0.6                    1.7                   0.9                    0.8 
Amounts due from associates                                             21                       92.6                 58.6                   0.1                        - 
Restricted cash                                                                     30                         0.6                    0.6                        -                       - 
Cash and cash equivalents                                                30                 3,884.9             3,043.7            1,857.8             1,206.8 
                                                                                                                    4,769.7             3,797.3            2,255.0             1,557.1 
Assets classiﬁed as held for sale                                          31                 1,407.1                        -                        -                        - 
                                                                                                                       6,176.8             3,797.3            2,255.0             1,557.1 
Total Assets                                                                                                29,116.0           28,631.0          25,800.7           25,802.0
As at 31 December 2023
7 6 5 3 2 14
95
8Financial Statements

---- Page 98 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                                   Group                                 Company  
                                                                                               Note                   2023                2022                2023                 2022 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                                                                                                                       
Equity Attributable to Equity Holders  
of the Company                                                                                                                                                                                
Share capital                                                                         32                 1,764.5             1,764.5            1,764.5             1,764.5 
Reserves                                                                                 33               11,998.7          11,815.9          13,497.7           13,672.8 
Treasury shares                                                                     34                   (935.7)             (944.5)            (935.7)             (944.5) 
                                                                                                                    12,827.5           12,635.9          14,326.5           14,492.8 
Non-controlling interests                                                       20                   (815.4)            (706.9)                      -                        - 
Total Equity                                                                                                 12,012.1           11,929.0          14,326.5           14,492.8 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Non-Current Liabilities                                                                                                                                                                        
Long term borrowings                                                          41               12,076.0           11,223.1                        -                       - 
Other long term liabilities                                                     36                         5.9                    4.3                        -                       - 
Amount due to a related company                                    29                             -                   7.0                        -                       - 
Amounts due to subsidiaries                                               20                             -                        -            9,092.7             8,147.4 
Deferred tax liabilities                                                           37                     997.0               819.5               387.5                268.8 
Lease liabilities                                                                      38                     690.1               703.1                 75.4                        - 
Retirement beneﬁt liability                                                                               10.3                   9.8                        -                       - 
Provision for retirement gratuities                                        39                     179.2                186.8               174.7                181.2 
                                                                                                                  13,958.5           12,953.6            9,730.3             8,597.4 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Current Liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                
Trade and other payables                                                   40                 2,791.9             2,666.5            1,489.6             1,346.4 
Amount due to holding company                                      29                       30.4                 23.8                 33.1                  23.9 
Amounts due to subsidiaries                                               20                             -                        -               157.0                524.3 
Amounts due to related companies                                   29                       53.8                 59.5                 51.4                  36.5 
Short term borrowings                                                          41                     140.6               894.0                        -               760.7 
Lease liabilities                                                                      38                       94.6                 79.8                 12.8                  16.0 
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments                                           25                             -                   4.0                        -                   4.0 
Taxation                                                                                                            34.1                 20.8                        -                       - 
                                                                                                                    3,145.4             3,748.4            1,743.9             2,711.8 
Total Liabilities                                                                                           17,103.9           16,702.0          11,474.2           11,309.2 
Total Equity and Liabilities                                                                        29,116.0           28,631.0          25,800.7           25,802.0 
 
As at 31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
96
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 99 ----
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
97
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                                 
 
                                                                                                            Cash                    Employee 
                                                                            Reserve on     Flow          Fair        Share                                                         Non- 
                                                               Share    Exchange   Hedges     Value     Scheme   Treasury  Retained                 Controlling    Total 
Group                                       Note     Capital  Differences  Reserve   Reserve   Reserve    Shares    Earnings     Total       Interests      Equity 
 
Balance at 1 January 2023                    1,764.5       1,861.2               -        (83.9)          4.0      (944.5) 10,034.6  12,635.9      (706.9)   11,929.0 
 
Proﬁt for the ﬁnancial year                                        -                  -               -               -               -               -       436.8       436.8        (75.9)        360.9 
Other comprehensive 
income/(loss)                                                         -          604.8               -               -               -               -               -       604.8        (32.6)        572.2 
Total comprehensive 
income/(loss) for the 
ﬁnancial year                                                          -          604.8               -               -               -               -       436.8    1,041.6      (108.5)        933.1 
 
Transactions with owners: 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Performance-based 
employee share scheme            35                      -                  -               -               -           0.2               -               -           0.2               -              0.2 
Employee share scheme 
shares vested to employees       35                      -                  -               -               -          (8.8)          8.8               -               -               -                  - 
Transfer of employee share 
scheme shares purchase 
price difference on shares 
vested                                                                      -                  -               -               -           4.6               -          (4.6)              -               -                  - 
 
Appropriation:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Final single-tier dividend for 
the ﬁnancial year ended  
31 December 2022 (9.0 sen)      14                      -                  -               -               -               -               -      (510.1)    (510.1)              -        (510.1) 
Interim single-tier dividend for  
the ﬁnancial year ended 
31 December 2023 (6.0 sen)      14                      -                  -               -               -               -               -      (340.1)    (340.1)              -        (340.1) 
 
Total transactions with owners                                -                  -               -               -          (4.0)          8.8      (854.8)    (850.0)              -        (850.0) 
Balance at 31 December 2023              1,764.5       2,466.0               -        (83.9)              -      (935.7)   9,616.6  12,827.5      (815.4)   12,012.1
Attributable to equity holders of the Company

---- Page 100 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
98
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                                 
 
                                                                                                              Cash                     Employee 
                                                                                Reserve on     Flow          Fair         Share                                                            Non- 
                                                                  Share     Exchange   Hedges      Value     Scheme   Treasury  Retained                  Controlling     Total 
Group                                         Note     Capital   Differences   Reserve    Reserve    Reserve     Shares    Earnings      Total        Interests      Equity 
 
Balance at 1 January 2022                     1,764.5        1,641.1          (0.9)       (83.9)        41.9      (985.9) 11,407.0   13,783.8      (531.2)    13,252.6 
 
Loss for the ﬁnancial year                                   -                   -                -                -                -                -      (520.0)     (520.0)     (147.4)        (667.4) 
Other comprehensive 
income/(loss)                                                   -           220.1            0.9                -                -                -          (2.4)      218.6        (28.3)         190.3 
Total comprehensive 
income/(loss) for the  
ﬁnancial year                                                    -           220.1            0.9                -                -                -      (522.4)     (301.4)     (175.7)        (477.1) 
 
Transactions with owners: 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Performance-based 
employee share scheme          35                    -                   -                -                -            2.2                -                -            2.2                -               2.2 
Employee share scheme 
shares vested to employees     35                    -                   -                -                -        (41.4)        41.4                -                -                -                   - 
Transfer of employee share  
scheme shares purchase  
price difference on 
shares vested                                                    -                   -                -                -            1.3                -          (1.3)              -                -                   - 
 
Appropriation:                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
Special single-tier dividend  
for the ﬁnancial year ended  
31 December 2021 (9.0 sen)   14                    -                   -                -                -                -                -      (508.8)     (508.8)              -         (508.8) 
Interim single-tier dividend  
for the ﬁnancial year ended  
31 December 2022 (6.0 sen)   14                    -                   -                -                -                -                -      (339.9)     (339.9)              -         (339.9) 
 
Total transactions with owners                            -                   -                -                -        (37.9)        41.4      (850.0)     (846.5)              -         (846.5) 
Balance at 31 December 2022               1,764.5        1,861.2                -        (83.9)          4.0      (944.5) 10,034.6   12,635.9      (706.9)    11,929.0 
Attributable to equity holders of the Company

---- Page 101 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                   Employee                        
                                                                                                                     Share                                                                        
                                                                                              Share          Scheme          Treasury         Retained 
Company                                                            Note       Capital           Reserve            Shares         Earnings                Total 
 
Balance at 1 January 2023                                              1,764.5                   4.0             (944.5)        13,668.8          14,492.8 
Proﬁt for the ﬁnancial year                                                                -                       -                       -               683.7               683.7 
 
Transactions with owners:                                                                                                                 
Performance-based employee share scheme     35                      -                   0.2                       -                       -                   0.2 
Employee share scheme shares vested 
to employees                                                        35                      -                 (8.8)                 8.8                       -                       - 
Transfer of employee share scheme shares 
purchase price difference on shares vested                               -                   4.6                       -                 (4.6)                     - 
Appropriation:                                                                                                                                                                                       
Final single-tier dividend for the ﬁnancial year 
ended 31 December 2022 (9.0 sen)                   14                      -                       -                       -             (510.1)           (510.1) 
Interim single-tier dividend for the ﬁnancial  
year ended 31 December 2023 (6.0 sen)          14                      -                       -                       -             (340.1)           (340.1) 
Total transactions with owners                                                         -                 (4.0)                 8.8             (854.8)           (850.0) 
Balance at 31 December 2023                                          1,764.5                       -             (935.7)        13,497.7          14,326.5 
 
 
Balance at 1 January 2022                                                   1,764.5                  41.9              (985.9)         14,441.9           15,262.4 
Proﬁt for the ﬁnancial year                                                                -                        -                        -                  76.9                  76.9 
 
Transactions with owners:                                                                                                                                                                     
Performance-based employee share scheme     35                      -                    2.2                        -                        -                    2.2 
Employee share scheme shares vested  
to employees                                                        35                      -                (41.4)                41.4                        -                        - 
Transfer of employee share scheme shares  
purchase price difference on shares vested                               -                    1.3                        -                  (1.3)                      - 
Appropriation:                                                                                                                                                                                       
Special single-tier dividend for the ﬁnancial  
year ended 31 December 2021 (9.0 sen)          14                      -                        -                        -              (508.8)             (508.8) 
Interim single-tier dividend for the ﬁnancial  
year ended 31 December 2022 (6.0 sen)          14                      -                        -                        -              (339.9)             (339.9) 
Total transactions with owners                                                         -                (37.9)                41.4              (850.0)             (846.5) 
Balance at 31 December 2022                                             1,764.5                    4.0              (944.5)         13,668.8           14,492.8 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
99
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 102 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                                      Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                                           2023                 2022                2023                 2022 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                                                                                                     
Proﬁt/(loss) before taxation                                                                             674.2              (342.2)              807.7               303.7 
Adjustments for:                                                                                                                                                                                   
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                 1,241.1            1,238.8               601.4                577.3 
Property, plant and equipment written off                                                     17.7                   2.5                   7.9                    1.1 
Inventories written off                                                                                         0.3                       -                   0.3                        - 
Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                         (183.2)                 (0.4)                     *                  (0.1) 
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                           -                  (5.8)                      -                        - 
Reversal of previously recognised impairment losses                                         -                       -                  (8.3)                      - 
Impairment losses                                                                                           33.3                412.3                   6.2                  57.8 
(Reversal of)/impairment losses on receivables                                             2.8                   0.1                   0.1                    0.6 
Impairment losses on amounts due from related companies                           -                 10.2                        -                       - 
Impairment losses on amounts due from subsidiaries                                       -                        -                        -                   2.2 
Fair value (gain)/loss on ﬁnancial assets at fair value through  
proﬁt or loss                                                                                                  (15.0)                  6.3                  (0.3)                      - 
Investment income                                                                                          (0.1)                (0.2)                (0.1)                 (0.2) 
Interest income                                                                                            (107.0)              (33.7)              (30.9)               (15.4) 
Dividend income                                                                                              (6.2)                (6.2)            (185.7)             (159.4) 
Finance costs                                                                                                 635.3               596.7               460.2                460.6 
Provision of retirement gratuities                                                                       2.8                 21.2                   2.9                  19.5 
Provision for termination related costs                                                                  -                   1.1                        -                   1.1 
Employee share scheme expenses                                                                  0.2                    2.2                   0.2                    2.2 
Income from capital award                                                                        (194.3)            (186.9)                      -                        - 
Gain on lease modiﬁcations                                                                           (1.7)                (0.8)                      -                        - 
Fair value (gain)/loss on derivative ﬁnancial instruments                            (4.0)                  4.0                  (4.0)                  4.0 
Net foreign currency exchange losses – unrealised                                   177.8                224.4               185.5                219.8 
Share of results in associates                                                                        218.8               153.2                        -                       - 
Share of results in a joint venture                                                                      1.2                   0.1                        -                       - 
Other non-cash items and adjustment                                                           0.2                    5.2                        -                       - 
                                                                                                                       1,820.0             2,444.3            1,035.4             1,171.1 
Operating proﬁt before working capital changes                                  2,494.2             2,102.1            1,843.1             1,474.8 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Working capital changes:                                                                                                                                                                   
Inventories                                                                                                      (26.4)               (42.2)              (25.0)               (16.8) 
Receivables                                                                                                  (107.1)                97.1                   0.8                  12.7 
Payables                                                                                                        146.0                252.7               179.9                301.0 
Holding company                                                                                              5.9                 17.0                   9.2                  17.3 
Related companies                                                                                       (11.2)                  4.2                 15.5                  11.3 
Associates                                                                                                      (31.4)               (19.6)                (0.1)                      - 
Subsidiaries                                                                                                            -                        -                 48.2                202.9 
Other non-current assets                                                                                 (1.9)                22.7                        -                       - 
                                                                                                                          (26.1)              331.9               228.5                528.4 
Cash generated from operations                                                              2,468.1             2,434.0            2,071.6             2,003.2
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
100
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 103 ----
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                                      Gr
oup                                  Company 
                                                                                                                           2023                 2022                2023                 2022 
 
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (cont’ d)                                                                                                                      
Cash generated from operations (cont’ d)                                              2,468.1             2,434.0            2,071.6             2,003.2 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Retirement gratuities paid                                                                               (7.4)                (5.7)                (6.1)                 (4.9) 
Taxation paid                                                                                               (177.0)              (76.6)                (0.7)                      - 
Taxation refund                                                                                                38.2                 11.2                 34.4                    6.2 
                                                                                                                        (146.2)              (71.1)                27.6                   1.3 
NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                         2,321.9             2,362.9            2,099.2             2,004.5 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                                                                                                       
Property, plant and equipment                                                                   (695.7)            (653.1)            (269.1)             (337.5) 
Investment properties                                                                                    (42.8)            (178.5)                      -                        - 
Intangible assets                                                                                                    -                (30.8)                      -                        - 
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                       610.9                   4.7                   0.2                    0.4 
Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                                                -                    5.9                        -                       - 
Proceeds from redemption of ﬁnancial assets at fair value  
through proﬁt or loss                                                                                   125.0                        -                        -                       - 
Proceeds from redemption of investment                                                            -                 50.0                        -                 50.0 
Advances to subsidiaries                                                                                      -                        -              (344.2)            (588.0) 
Investment in an associate                                                                                  *              (440.2)                      -                        - 
Investment and dividend income received                                                  15.0                 11.4                 60.1                    0.2 
Interest received                                                                                            106.5                 33.7                 30.9                  15.4 
Restricted cash                                                                                                      -                  (0.2)                      -                        - 
Proceeds from capital award                                                                       124.7                110.9                        -                       - 
Investment in ﬁnancial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss               (50.0)                      -                (50.0)                      - 
Proceeds from redemption of preference shares issued 
by subsidiaries                                                                                                     -                        -               644.1                        - 
Increase in investment in an existing subsidiary                                                  -                       -                        -                (48.7) 
Other investing activities                                                                                   0.7                (47.3)                     *                       - 
 
NET CASH FLOW FROM/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES                           194.3           (1,133.5)                72.0              (908.2) 
 
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
101
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 104 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
                                                                                                                                Group                                  Company 
                                                                                                                           2023                 2022                2023                 2022 
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                                                                                                     
Dividends paid                                                                                             (850.2)            (848.7)            (850.2)             (848.7) 
Finance costs paid                                                                                      (555.4)            (535.3)            (413.5)             (502.6) 
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                  558.5               394.3                        -               394.3 
Repayment of borrowings                                                                          (791.7)          (1,736.5)            (733.0)               (77.2) 
Repayment of amounts due to subsidiaries                                                        -                       -                        -           (1,400.0) 
Repayment of transaction costs                                                                   (18.3)                (4.3)                      -                  (0.1) 
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                     (118.8)             (131.8)              (16.4)               (16.2) 
Borrowings from subsidiaries                                                                                -                        -               500.0                554.8 
NET CASH FLOW USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                   (1,775.9)         (2,862.3)         (1,513.1)         (1,895.7) 
 
NET MOVEMENT IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                    740.3           (1,632.9)              658.1              (799.4) 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF  
FINANCIAL YEAR                                                                                        3,043.7             4,641.0            1,206.8             2,006.5 
EFFECT OF CURRENCY TRANSLATION                                                            100.9                  35.6                  (7.1)                (0.3) 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF FINANCIAL YEAR                  3,884.9             3,043.7            1,857.8             1,206.8 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                                                                                                  
Cash and bank balances (Note 30)                                                        2,699.1            2,141.4            1,052.4                546.9 
Money market instruments and deposits (Note 30)                                1,185.8               902.3               805.4                659.9 
                                                                                                                       3,884.9             3,043.7            1,857.8             1,206.8 
 
* less than RM0.1 million 
 
Details of signiﬁcant non-cash transactions during the ﬁnancial year are set out in Note 44 to the ﬁnancial statements. 
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
102
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 105 ----
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
NOTES TO STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise st
ated 
 
                                                                                          Reconciliation of liabilities arising from ﬁnancing activities 
                                                                                                             Long term          Short term           Lease 
                                                                                                            borrowings        borrowings        liabilities           Total 
Group 
2023 
At 1 January                                                                                          11,223.1               894.0               782.9          12,900.0 
Cash ﬂows                                                                                                        491.7          (1,298.6)           (118.8)           (925.7) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Non-cash changes                                                                                                                                                                              
Other ﬁnance costs                                                                                           25.0                 10.8                       -                 35.8 
Interest on borrowings and lease liabilities                                                             -               558.3                 41.2               599.5 
Recognition of additional lease liabilities                                                               -                       -                   9.9                   9.9 
Adjustment due to lease modiﬁcations                                                                 -                       -                 (5.8)               (5.8) 
Exchange differences                                                                                      336.2               (23.9)               75.3               387.6 
At 31 December                                                                                         12,076.0               140.6               784.7          13,001.3 
                                                                                                                                                                                                             
2022 
At 1 January                                                                                                12,650.2                385.6                750.6           13,786.4 
Cash ﬂows                                                                                                           (4.3)          (1,877.5)             (131.8)          (2,013.6) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Non-cash changes                                                                                                                                                                              
Other ﬁnance costs                                                                                            22.4                  51.4                        -                  73.8 
Interest on borrowings and lease liabilities                                                             -                506.0                  33.3                539.3 
Recognition of additional lease liabilities                                                               -                        -                137.6                137.6 
Adjustment due to lease modiﬁcations                                                                  -                        -                  36.4                  36.4 
Exchange differences                                                                                      398.3                (10.2)               (43.2)              344.9 
Reclassiﬁcation                                                                                            (1,843.5)           1,838.7                        -                  (4.8) 
At 31 December                                                                                          11,223.1                894.0                782.9           12,900.0 
 
 
                                                                                           Reconciliation of liabilities arising from ﬁnancing activities 
                                                                                                                                                          Amounts  
                                                                                  Long term          Short term            Lease              due to  
                                                                                 borrowings        borrowings         liabilities       subsidiaries#        Total 
Company 
2023 
At 1 January                                                                              -                  760.7                 16.0            8,440.8            9,217.5 
Cash ﬂows                                                                                  -                (765.2)             (16.4)             118.7             (662.9 ) 
 
Non-cash changes                                                                                                                                                                               
Other ﬁnance costs                                                                       -                      1.4                       -                       -                   1.4 
Interest on borrowings and lease liabilities                                  -                    24.8                   0.3               433.7               458.8 
Recognition of additional lease liabilities                                    -                          -                 88.3                       -                 88.3 
Exchange differences                                                                -                  (21.7)                     -               203.8               182.1 
At 31 December                                                                        -                          -                 88.2            9,197.0            9,285.2 
 
2022 
At 1 January                                                                          415.8                           -                  31.4             9,104.0             9,551.2 
Cash ﬂows                                                                                      -                   306.8                (16.2)          (1,337.6)          (1,047.0) 
 
Non-cash changes                                                                                                                                                                               
Other ﬁnance costs                                                                   0.4                       0.8                        -                  52.1                  53.3 
Interest on borrowings and lease liabilities                                  -                     15.6                    0.8                407.3                423.7 
Exchange differences                                                             22.4                     (1.1)                      -                215.0                236.3 
Reclassiﬁcation                                                                     (438.6)                 438.6                        -                        -                        - 
At 31 December                                                                             -                   760.7                  16.0             8,440.8             9,217.5 
 
#   The amounts due to subsidiaries (interest bearing) are presented net of unamortised transaction costs of RM6.5 million 
(2022: RM2.3 million) and included interest payable of RM110.8 million (2022: RM70.7 million).
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
103
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 106 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated 
 
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION  
 
Genting Malaysia Berhad (“the Company”) is a public 
limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in 
Malaysia, and is listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”). The registered ofﬁce of 
the Company is located at 14th Floor, Wisma Genting, Jalan 
Sultan Ismail, 50250 Kuala Lumpur. 
 
The Company is involved in an integrated resort business at 
Genting Highlands and its principal activities cover leisure 
and hospitality services, which comprise gaming, hotels, 
food and beverage, theme parks, retail and entertainment 
attractions. 
 
The principal activities of the Group include operation of 
casinos, leisure and hospitality services, property investment 
and management, investments, tours and travel related 
services and provision of sales and marketing services. 
                                                                                                     
Details of the principal activities of the subsidiaries, joint 
venture and associates are set out in Note 46 to the ﬁnancial 
statements. 
 
There have been no signiﬁcant changes in the nature of the 
activities of the Group and of the Company during the 
ﬁnancial year. 
 
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION 
 
The ﬁnancial statements of the Group and the Company 
have been prepared in accordance with the Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standards (“MFRS”), International 
Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the 
Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.   
 
The ﬁnancial statements have been prepared under the 
historical cost basis, except as disclosed in the respective 
notes to the ﬁnancial statements. 
 
Items included in the ﬁnancial statements of each of the 
Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the 
primary economic environment in which the entity operates 
(“the functional currency”). The consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia (“RM”), which 
is the Company’s functional and presentation currency. 
 
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with 
MFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts 
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets 
and liabilities at the date of the ﬁnancial statements, and the 
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the 
reported ﬁnancial year. 
It also requires Directors to exercise their judgement in the 
process of applying the Group and the Company’s 
accounting policies. Although these estimates and 
judgement are based on the Directors’ best knowledge of 
current events and actions, actual results may differ. The 
areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, 
or areas where assumptions and estimates are signiﬁcant to 
the ﬁnancial statements are disclosed below. 
 
a. Judgements and Estimations 
 
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, 
management makes judgements and estimations that can 
signiﬁcantly affect the amount recognised in the ﬁnancial 
statements. These judgements and estimations include: 
 
(i) Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets with 
indeﬁnite useful lives 
 
The Group tests goodwill and other intangible assets 
with indeﬁnite useful lives for impairment annually in 
accordance with its accounting policy. The 
calculations require the use of estimates as set out in 
Note 18. 
 
(ii) Impairment of property, plant and equipment, 
investment properties, licences with deﬁnite useful lives, 
right-of-use assets, investments in subsidiaries and 
investment in associates  
 
The Group tests property, plant and equipment, 
investment properties, licences with deﬁnite useful lives, 
right-of-use assets, investments in subsidiaries and 
investment in associates for impairment if there is any 
objective evidence of impairment in accordance with 
the respective accounting policies.  
 
During the ﬁnancial year, the Group has carried out 
impairment review on the non-ﬁnancial assets which 
have indications of impairment. Consequently, the 
Group recorded a total impairment loss of RM29.5 
million during the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 
2023 in respect of assets of casinos in the United 
Kingdom. 
 
The Company carried out impairment review on the 
investments in subsidiaries and recorded a total 
impairment loss of RM6.2 million on subsidiaries that 
continues to incur losses and reversed previously 
recognised impairment losses of RM8.3 million as a 
result of redemption of shares by certain subsidiaries.  
 
The calculation require the use of estimates as set out 
in Notes 15, 20 and 21. 
 
31 December 2023
104
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 107 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION (cont’ d) 
 
a. 
Judgements and Estimations (cont’ d) 
 
(iii) Valuation of equity investments in foreign corporations 
classiﬁed as ﬁnancial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) 
 
The Group measures its equity investments in foreign 
corporations classiﬁed as ﬁnancial assets at FVOCI at 
fair value. The fair values of these investments are 
determined based on valuation techniques which 
involve the use of estimates as disclosed in Note 23. 
 
(iv) Taxation 
 
The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Signiﬁcant 
judgement is required in determining the provision for 
income taxes. These are transactions and calculations 
for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain 
during the ordinary course of business. The Group 
recognises liabilities for tax based on estimates of 
assessment of the tax liability due. The Group also 
recognises certain tax recoverable for which the Group 
believes that there is reasonable basis for recognition. 
Where the ﬁnal tax outcome of these matters is different 
from the amounts that were initially recorded, such 
differences will impact the income tax, deferred tax 
provisions and tax recoverable balance in the period 
in which such determination is made. 
 
3. NEW STANDARDS AND AMENDMENTS TO PUBLISHED 
STANDARDS 
 
New standards and amendments to published standards 
that are effective 
 
The Group and the Company have applied the following 
new standards and amendments to standards for the ﬁrst 
time for the ﬁnancial year beginning on 1 January 2023: 
 
• Amendments to MFRS 101 and MFRS Practice 
Statement 2 on disclosure of accounting policies 
• Amendments to MFRS 17 “Initial Application of MFRS 17 
and MFRS 9 – Comparative Information” 
• Amendments to MFRS 108 “Deﬁnition of Accounting 
Estimates” 
• Amendments to MFRS 112 “Deferred Tax related to 
Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction” 
• Amendments to MFRS 112 “International Tax Reform – 
Pillar Two Model Rules” 
• MFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” and its amendments 
 
The adoption of these amendments to published standards 
did not have any material impact on the current period or 
any prior period and is not likely to affect future periods.  
 
The adoption of the amendments to MFRS 101 and MFRS 
Practice Statement 2 on disclosure of accounting policies 
from 1 January 2023 impacted the disclosure of accounting 
policy information in the ﬁnancial statements but did not 
result in any changes to the accounting policies themselves. 
 
The disclosure of “material”, rather than “signiﬁcant” 
accounting policies is required. Management has applied 
the guidance in the Amendments and Practice Statement 
to determine material accounting policies and updated the 
accounting policies in the respective notes to the ﬁnancial 
statements. 
 
Amendments to published standards that have been 
issued but not yet effective 
 
A number of amendments to published standards are 
effective for ﬁnancial year beginning on or after 1 January 
2024, as set out below: 
 
• There are two amendments to MFRS 101 “Presentation 
of Financial Statements”. The ﬁrst amendments, 
“Classiﬁcation of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current” 
(effective 1 January 2024) clariﬁes that a liability is 
classiﬁed as non-current if an entity has a substantive 
right at the end of the reporting period to defer 
settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting 
period. If the right to defer settlement of a liability is 
subject to the entity complying with speciﬁed 
conditions (for example, debt covenants), the right 
exists at the end of the reporting period based on its 
compliance with the conditions required on or before 
the reporting date (even if tested only after period end). 
Conditions that an entity is required to comply only 
within 12 months after the reporting period do not affect 
the classiﬁcation of liability as current or non-current at 
reporting date. 
 
The assessment of whether an entity has the right to 
defer settlement of a liability at the reporting date is not 
affected by expectations of the entity or events after the 
reporting date. 
 
In addition, the amendments clarify that when a liability 
could be settled by the transfer of an entity’s own equity 
instruments (e.g. conversion option in a convertible 
bond), conversion option meeting the deﬁnition of an 
equity instrument in MFRS 132 “Financial Instruments: 
Presentation” does not impact the current or non-
current classiﬁcation of the convertible instrument. 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
105
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 108 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
3. NEW STANDARDS AND AMENDMENTS TO PUBLISHED 
STANDARDS (cont’d) 
 
Amendments to published standards that have been 
issued but not yet effective (cont’d) 
 
A number of amendments to published standards are 
effective for ﬁnancial year beginning on or after 1 January 
2024, as set out below: (cont’d) 
 
The second amendments, “Non-current Liabilities with 
Covenants” (effective 1 January 2024) speciﬁes that 
covenants of loan arrangements which an entity must 
comply with only after the reporting date would not 
affect classiﬁcation of a liability as current or non-
current at the reporting date. However, those 
covenants that an entity is required to comply with on 
or before the reporting date would affect classiﬁcation 
of a liability as current or non-current, even if the 
covenant is only assessed after the reporting date. 
 
The amendments shall be applied retrospectively. 
 
• Amendments to MFRS 16 “Lease Liability in a Sale and 
Leaseback” (effective 1 January 2024) specify the 
measurement of the lease liability arises in a sale and 
leaseback transaction that satisﬁes the requirements in 
MFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” to 
be accounted for as a sale. In accordance with the 
amendments, the seller-lessee shall determine the 
“lease payments” or “revised lease payments” in a way 
that it does not result in the seller-lessee recognising any 
amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use 
it retains. 
 
The amendments shall be applied retrospectively to 
sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the 
date when the seller-lessee initially applied MFRS 16. 
 
• Amendments to MFRS 107 and MFRS 7 “Supplier 
Finance Arrangements” (effective 1 January 2024) 
introduce new disclosures on quantitative and 
qualitative information relating to supplier ﬁnance 
arrangements to enhance the transparency of supplier 
ﬁnance arrangements and assist users of the ﬁnancial 
statements to assess the effects of these arrangements 
on an entity’s liabilities and cash ﬂows and on an 
entity’s exposure to liquidity risk. 
 
• Amendments to MFRS 121 “Lack of Exchangeability” 
(effective 1 January 2025) require entities to apply a 
consistent approach to determining whether a 
currency is exchangeable into another currency and 
the spot exchange rate to use when it is not. These 
amendments provide guidance on the spot exchange 
rate to use when a currency is not exchangeable into 
another currency and the disclosures entities need to 
provide to enable users of the ﬁnancial statements to 
understand the impact on the entities’ ﬁnancial 
performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as a 
result of a currency being not exchangeable into 
another currency. 
 
These amendments to these published standards will be 
adopted on the respective effective dates.  The Group has 
started a preliminary assessment on the effects of the above 
amendments to published standards and the impact is still 
being assessed. 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
106
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 109 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
4. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES 
 
The Group’s overall ﬁnancial risk management objective is to optimise the value creation for shareholders. The Group seeks 
to minimise the potential adverse impacts arising from ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates and the 
unpredictability of the ﬁnancial markets. 
 
The Group operates within clearly deﬁned guidelines that are approved by the Board of Directors and does not trade in
 
ﬁnancial instruments as a business activity. Financial risk management is carried out through risk reviews conducted at all 
signiﬁcant operational units. This process is further enhanced by effective internal controls and adherence to the ﬁnancial 
risk management policies. 
 
The main areas of ﬁnancial risks faced by the Group are as follows: 
 
Foreign currency exchange risk 
 
The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk when the Company and its subsidiaries enter into transactions that 
are not denominated in their functional currencies. The Group attempts to signiﬁcantly limit its exposure for committed 
transactions by entering into forward foreign currency exchange contracts within the constraints of market and government 
regulations. 
 
The Group’s principal net foreign currency exposure mainly relates to the United States Dollars (“USD”), Euro (“EUR”), Hong 
Kong Dollars (“HKD”), Singapore Dollars (“SGD”) and Pound Sterling (“GBP”).  
 
The Group’s exposure to foreign currencies as at the reporting date is as follows: 
 
                                                                     USD                 EUR                 HKD                SGD                 GBP               Total 
                                                                   RM’m              RM’m              RM’m              RM’m              RM’m              RM’m  
31 December 2023 
Financial assets 
Cash and cash equivalents                    666.0                   5.4                 17.3                 29.9                 32.0               750.6 
                                                                                                                                                                           
Financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                                    
Trade and other payables                     (190.7)               (4.6)               (2.4)               (6.0)             (44.6)           (248.3) 
Borrowings                                           (4,593.5)                     -                       -                       -                       -          (4,593.5) 
                                                            (4,784.2)               (4.6)               (2.4)               (6.0)             (44.6)        (4,841.8) 
Net currency exposure                         (4,118.2)                 0.8                 14.9                 23.9               (12.6)        (4,091.2) 
                                                                                                                                                                           
31 December 2022                                                                                                                                                                            
Financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                 
Cash and cash equivalents                        34.8                    3.4                    5.0                  10.9                114.9                169.0 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                                              
Trade and other payables                       (116.7)                 (2.2)                 (0.8)                 (2.4)                 (5.8)             (127.9) 
Borrowings                                              (5,150.4)                      -                        -                        -                        -           (5,150.4) 
                                                               (5,267.1)                 (2.2)                 (0.8)                 (2.4)                 (5.8)          (5,278.3) 
Net currency exposure                            (5,232.3)                  1.2                    4.2                    8.5                109.1           (5,109.3) 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
107
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 110 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (cont’d) 
 
Foreign currency exchange risk (cont’d) 
 
The Company’s exposure to foreign currencies as at the reporting date is as follows: 
 
                                                                     USD                 EUR                 HKD                SGD                 GBP               Total 
                                                                   RM’m              RM’m              RM’m              RM’m              RM’m              RM’m 
31 December 2023 
Financial assets 
Cash and cash equivalents                     522.5                   5.3                 12.1                 29.4                   0.1               569.4 
Amounts due from subsidiaries                  48.8                       -                   0.1                     *                   0.2                 49.1 
                                                                    571.3                   5.3                 12.2                 29.4                   0.3               618.5 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                                            
Trade and other payables                      (156.9)               (4.5)               (2.3)               (2.3)               (3.0)           (169.0) 
Amounts due to subsidiaries                (4,533.2)               (1.5)                     -                       -                       -          (4,534.7) 
                                                               (4,690.1)               (6.0)               (2.3)               (2.3)               (3.0)        (4,703.7) 
Net currency exposure                          (4,118.8)               (0.7)                 9.9                 27.1                 (2.7)        (4,085.2) 
 
31 December 2022                                                                                                                                                                            
Financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                 
Cash and cash equivalents                        16.5                    2.8                       *                  10.5                    0.1                  29.9 
Amounts due from subsidiaries                    1.9                        -                    0.9                       *                    0.1                    2.9 
                                                                      18.4                    2.8                    0.9                  10.5                    0.2                  32.8 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                                              
Trade and other payables                       (114.1)                 (2.1)                 (0.8)                 (1.6)                 (5.7)             (124.3) 
Amounts due to subsidiaries                (4,336.5)                      -                        -                        -                        -           (4,336.5) 
Borrowings                                                 (760.7)                      -                        -                        -                        -              (760.7) 
                                                               (5,211.3)                 (2.1)                 (0.8)                 (1.6)                 (5.7)          (5,221.5) 
Net currency exposure                            (5,192.9)                  0.7                    0.1                    8.9                  (5.5)          (5,188.7) 
 
*  less than RM0.1 million 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
108
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 111 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
4. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (cont’d) 
 
Foreign currency exchange risk (cont’d) 
 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group’s and the Company’s proﬁt/(loss) after tax and equity to 4.6% 
(2022: 6%) strengthening of the respective foreign currency in USD, EUR, HKD, SGD and GBP against RM, with all other variables 
held constant: 
 
                                                                                                                               Group
                                    Company 
                                                                                                           Increase/(Decrease)               Increase/(Decrease)        
                                                                                                              Proﬁt                                          Proﬁt 
                                                                                                           after tax            Equity              after tax            Equity 
2023 
USD against RM                                                                                      (144.0)             (144.0)              (144.0)             (144.0) 
EUR against RM                                                                                                *                       *                       *                       * 
HKD against RM                                                                                            0.5                    0.5                     0.3                    0.3 
SGD against RM                                                                                           0.8                    0.8                     0.9                    0.9 
GBP against RM                                                                                          (0.4)                 (0.4)                  (0.1)                 (0.1) 
 
                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                             Group                                     Company 
                                                                                                           Increase/(Decrease)               Increase/(Decrease)        
                                                                                                              Loss                                           Proﬁt 
                                                                                                           after tax            Equity              after tax            Equity 
2022                                                                                                                                                                     
USD against RM                                                                                        237.0                 237.0                (236.8)              (236.8) 
EUR against RM                                                                                                *                        *                         *                        * 
HKD against RM                                                                                           (0.2)                  (0.2)                       *                        * 
SGD against RM                                                                                          (0.4)                  (0.4)                    0.4                     0.4 
GBP against RM                                                                                           (4.9)                  (4.9)                   (0.2)                  (0.2) 
 
*  less than RM0.1 million 
 
A 4.6% (2022: 6%) weakening of the above currencies against the RM would have the equal but opposite effect to the amount 
shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant. 
 
Interest rate risk 
 
Interest rate risks arise mainly from the Group’s borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash ﬂow 
interest rate risk. Borrowings at ﬁxed rate expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.  
 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s outstanding ﬂoating rates borrowings with principal denominated in USD of which 
hedges have not been entered into amounted to RM803.2 million (2022: RM1,207.3 million). 
 
As at the reporting date, if the USD annual interest rates increase/decrease by 1% (2022: 1%) respectively and all other 
variables including tax and base lending rates being held constant, the proﬁt/(loss) after tax will be higher/lower by RM8.0 
million (2022: RM12.1 million) as a result of higher/lower interest expense on these borrowings. 
 
With regards to the interest rate benchmark reform, the replacement benchmark interest rate applicable to the Group’s 
outstanding term loan contract which was indexed to USD LIBOR is the secured overnight ﬁnancing rate (“SOFR”). The Group 
had incorporated appropriate fallback clauses for all USD LIBOR indexed contracts where these clauses automatically 
switched the instruments from USD LIBOR to the appropriate SOFR with effect from 1 July 2023. The Group has applied the 
practical expedient offered under Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 (Amendments to MFRS 9, MFRS 139, MFRS 7, 
MFRS 4 and MFRS 16) on the ﬁnancial statements and there is no signiﬁcant impact to the ﬁnancial statements of the Group. 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
109
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 112 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND 
POLICIES (cont’ d) 
 
Credit risk 
 
Financial assets that potentially subject the Group’s 
exposure to credit risk arises mainly from cash and cash 
equivalents, deposits with ﬁnancial institutions, money 
market instruments, contractual cash ﬂows of debt 
instruments carried at amortised cost and fair value through 
proﬁt or loss (“FVTPL”). 
 
(a) Risk management 
 
   Credit risk with respect to receivables is limited as the 
Group does not have any signiﬁcant exposure to any 
individual customer or counterparty. The Group’s credit 
risks are minimised through effective monitoring of 
receivables and suspension of sales to customers 
whose accounts exceed the stipulated credit terms. 
Credit limits are set and credit history is reviewed to 
minimise potential losses. 
 
   The Group’s cash and cash equivalents, deposits with 
ﬁnancial institutions and money market instruments are 
placed with creditworthy ﬁnancial institutions and the 
risks arising thereof are minimised in view of the 
ﬁnancial strength of these ﬁnancial institutions. The 
Group also seeks to invest cash assets safely and 
proﬁtably and buys insurance to protect itself against 
insurable risks. In this regard, counterparties are 
assessed for credit risk and limits are set to minimise any 
potential losses. 
 
(b) Impairment of ﬁnancial assets 
 
   The Group has ﬁve types of ﬁnancial assets that are 
subject to the expected credit loss (“ECL”) model: 
 
• Trade receivables from goods sold or services 
performed 
• Lease receivables 
• Contract assets 
• Debt instruments carried at amortised cost 
• Debt instruments carried at FVTPL 
 
In addition to debt instruments carried at amortised 
cost, the Company has issued corporate guarantees 
to banks for its subsidiaries’ facilities (ﬁnancial 
guarantee contracts) that are subject to the ECL 
model. 
 
While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the 
impairment requirements of MFRS 9, there is no 
impairment loss identiﬁed given the ﬁnancial strength 
of the ﬁnancial institutions with which the Group and 
the Company have a relationship.
The Group considers the probability of default upon 
initial recognition of an asset and whether there has 
been signiﬁcant increase in credit risk on an on-going 
basis throughout each reporting period. To assess 
whether there is a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk, the 
Group compares the risk of default occurring on the 
asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as 
at the date of initial recognition. It considers available 
reasonable and supportable forward-looking 
information, such as: 
 
- internal credit rating; 
- external credit rating (as far as available); 
- actual or expected signiﬁcant adverse changes in 
business, ﬁnancial or economic conditions that 
are expected to cause a signiﬁcant change to the 
debtor’s ability to meet its obligation; 
- signiﬁcant increases in credit risk on other ﬁnancial 
instruments of the same debtor; 
- signiﬁcant changes in the value of the collateral 
supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-
party guarantees or credit enhancements; or 
- signiﬁcant changes in the expected performance 
or behaviour of the debtor, including changes in 
the payment status of the debtor. 
 
Regardless of the analysis above, a signiﬁcant increase 
in credit risk is presumed when a debt is past due unless 
there are speciﬁc reasons for delays in making 
payment within the credit period by certain debtors, 
which will be determined based on the past experience 
and credit risk proﬁles of these debtors. 
 
(i) Trade receivables, lease receivables and contract 
assets 
 
The Group applies the simpliﬁed approach under 
MFRS 9 to measure ECL, which uses a lifetime 
expected loss allowance for all trade receivables, 
lease receivables and contract assets. To 
measure the ECL, trade receivables, lease 
receivables and contract assets have been 
grouped based on shared credit risk 
characteristics and days past due. 
 
The expected loss rates are based on historical 
payment proﬁles of sales and the corresponding 
historical credit losses experienced during these 
periods. The historical loss rates are adjusted to 
reﬂect current and forward-looking information on 
macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the 
customers to settle the receivables. The Group has 
identiﬁed the factors such as the published results 
and news of the customers, ratings published by 
rating agencies to be the most relevant factors, 
and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates 
based on expected changes in these factors. No 
signiﬁcant changes to estimation techniques or 
assumptions were made during the reporting 
period.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
110
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 113 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
4. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (cont’ d) 
 
Cr
edit risk (cont’ d) 
 
(b) Impairment of ﬁnancial assets (cont’ d) 
 
(ii) Debt instruments carried at amortised cost and at FVTPL 
 
All of the Group’s and the Company’s debt instruments at amortised costs and at FVTPL are considered to have 
low credit risk, as there were low risks of defaults and historically there were minimal instances where contractual 
cash ﬂow obligations have not been met. 
 
(iii) Financial guarantee contracts 
 
All of the ﬁnancial guarantee contracts are considered to be performing, have low risks of default and historically 
there were no instances where these ﬁnancial guarantee contracts were called upon by the parties of which the 
ﬁnancial guarantee contracts were issued to. Accordingly, no loss allowance was identiﬁed based on 12 months 
ECL. 
 
As the Group and the Company do not hold any collateral, the maximum exposure to credit risk for each class of 
ﬁnancial instruments is the carrying amount of that class of ﬁnancial instruments presented on the statements of 
ﬁnancial position, except as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                      Company 
                                                                                                                                                               2023               2022  
Corporate guarantee provided to financial institutions on subsidiaries’ facilities                     9,050.8            8,343.8   
The Group and the Company use four categories to reﬂect their credit risk and how the loss allowance is determined for 
other receivables which are subject to ECL under the general 3-stage approach. A summary of the assumptions which 
underpin the Group’s ECL model is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Based on the above, loss allowance is measured on either 12 months ECL or lifetime ECL, by considering the likelihood 
that the debtor would not be able to repay during the contractual period, the percentage of contractual cash ﬂows 
that will not be collected if default happens and the outstanding amount that is exposed to default risk. 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
111
Category Group’s deﬁnition of category Basis for recognising ECL
Performing Debtors have a low risk of default and a strong capacity to 
meet contractual cash ﬂows.
12 months ECL. When the expected 
lifetime of an asset is less than 12 
months, expected losses are 
measured at its expected lifetime.
Underperforming Debtors for which there is a signiﬁcant increase in credit risk 
due to actual or expected signiﬁcant adverse changes in 
business, ﬁnancial or economic conditions that are 
expected to cause a signiﬁcant change to the debtor’s 
ability to meet its obligations. 
Lifetime ECL
Non-performing There is evidence indicating the assets are credit-impaired. Lifetime ECL 
(credit impaired) 
Write-off There is evidence indicating that there is no reasonable 
expectation of recovery based on unavailability of debtor’s 
sources of income or assets to generate sufﬁcient future 
cash ﬂows to repay the amount.
Asset is written off.
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 114 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (cont’ d) 
 
Credit risk (cont’ d) 
 
(b) Impairment of ﬁnancial assets (cont’d) 
 
For intercompany balances that are repayable on demand, the Company’s ECL is based on the following assumptions: 
 
• If the borrower has sufﬁcient accessible highly liquid assets in order to repay the loan if demanded at the reporting 
date, the ECL is likely to be immaterial. 
• If the borrower could not repay the loan if demanded at the reporting date, the Company considers the expected 
manner of recovery to measure the ECL. The recovery manner could be either through ‘repayment over time’ or a 
ﬁre sale of less liquid assets by the borrower. 
• If the recovery strategies indicate that the Company would fully recover the outstanding balance of the loan, the 
ECL would be limited to the effect of the discounting of the amount due on the loan, at the loan’s effective interest 
rates, over the period until the amount is fully recovered. 
 
The maximum exposure to credit risks for debt instruments at amortised cost other than trade receivables, lease 
receivables and contract assets are represented by the carrying amounts recognised in the statements of ﬁnancial 
position. 
 
Information in respect of the allowance for impairment loss for trade and other receivables, amounts due from 
subsidiaries and amounts due from related companies are disclosed in Notes 20, 26, 28 and 29. 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
The Group is prudent in its liquidity risk management to minimise the mismatch of ﬁnancial assets and liabilities. The Group’s 
cash ﬂow is reviewed regularly to ensure that the Group is able to settle its commitments when they fall due. 
 
Cash ﬂow forecasting is performed in the operating entities of the Group and aggregated for Group purposes. The Group 
monitors rolling forecasts of its liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufﬁcient cash to meet operational needs so that the 
Group does not breach borrowing limits or covenants on any of its borrowing facilities. Such forecasting takes into 
consideration of the Group’s debt ﬁnancing plans, covenant compliance and compliance with internal ratio targets. 
 
Generally, surplus cash held by the operating entities in Malaysia over and above the balance required for working capital 
management are transferred to the Company. The Company invests surplus cash in interest bearing accounts, money market 
deposits and marketable instruments, choosing instruments with appropriate maturities or sufﬁcient liquidity to provide 
sufﬁcient headroom as determined by the abovementioned cash ﬂows of the Group. 
 
The table below analyses the Group’s and the Company’s ﬁnancial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the 
remaining period at the reporting date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the 
contractual undiscounted cash ﬂows. 
 
                                                                                                                               Between         Between               More  
                                                                                                            Less than           1 and 2           2 and 5             than 5 
                                                                                                                 1 year               years               years               years 
Group 
31 December 2023 
Trade and other payables                                                                     2,598.7                       -                       -                       - 
Borrowings                                                                                                 684.3            2,599.6            5,407.6            6,140.8 
Lease liabilities                                                                                           126.5               120.3               236.1            1,112.9 
Amount due to holding company                                                              30.4                       -                       -                       - 
Amounts due to related companies                                                           53.8                       -                       -                       - 
 
31 December 2022 
Derivative financial instruments                                                                        4.0                        -                        -                        - 
Trade and other payables                                                                         2,537.8                        -                        -                        - 
Borrowings                                                                                                   1,451.1             2,798.0             7,077.9             6,038.1 
Lease liabilities                                                                                               111.0                109.8                261.0             1,100.4 
Amount due to holding company                                                                 23.8                        -                        -                        - 
Amounts due to related companies                                                              59.5                    3.3                    5.8                        - 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
112
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 115 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
4. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (cont’ d) 
 
Liquidity r
isk (cont’ d) 
                                                                                                                               Between         Between               More  
                                                                                                            Less than           1 and 2           2 and 5             than 5 
                                                                                                                 1 year               years               years               years 
Company 
31 December 2023 
Trade and other payables                                                                         1,337.9                       -                       -                       - 
Lease liabilities                                                                                                 16.9                 17.0                 51.3                 17.1 
Amount due to holding company                                                                 33.1                       -                       -                       - 
Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                                                                                    
- Current                                                                                                      601.0                       -                       -                       - 
- Non-current                                                                                                       -            1,721.0            3,345.8            6,111.6 
Amounts due to related companies                                                              51.4                       -                       -                       - 
Financial guarantee contracts                                                                     110.8            1,300.0            2,100.0            5,540.0 
 
31 December 2022                                                                                                                                                   
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments                                                                        4.0                        -                        -                        - 
Trade and other payables                                                                         1,257.9                        -                        -                        - 
Borrowings                                                                                                      779.2                        -                        -                        - 
Lease liabilities                                                                                                 16.2                        -                        -                        - 
Amount due to holding company                                                                 23.9                        -                        -                        - 
Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                                                                                    
- Current                                                                                                    1,025.5                        -                        -                        - 
- Non-current                                                                                                       -                397.8             2,301.6             7,728.0 
Amounts due to related companies                                                              36.5                        -                        -                        - 
Financial guarantee contracts                                                                     103.8                        -             3,150.0             5,090.0 
 
Capital risk management 
 
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to ensure that the Group continues as a going concern in order to provide 
returns for shareholders and beneﬁts for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of 
capital. 
 
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return 
capital to shareholders, issue new shares or dispose assets to reduce debt. 
 
The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total capital. Total 
debt is calculated as the sum of total borrowings (including “current and non-current borrowings” and “lease liabilities” as 
shown in the statements of ﬁnancial position). Total capital is calculated as the sum of total equity and total debt. 
 
The gearing ratio as at the reporting date were as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Group 
                                                                                                                                                               2023              2022 
 
Total debt                                                                                                                                                       13,001.3         12,900.0 
Total equity                                                                                                                                                    12,012.1         11,929.0 
Total capital                                                                                                                                                   25,013.4         24,829.0 
Gearing ratio                                                                                                                                                        52%                 52% 
 
The Group was in compliance with financial debt covenants imposed by the financial institutions for the financial years ended 
31 December 2023 and 2022. 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
113
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 116 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (cont’ d) 
 
Fair value measurement 
 
The financial instruments carried at fair value are categorised into different levels of the fair value hierarchy as follows: 
 
•Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
• Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices). 
• Level 3: Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs). 
 
                                                                                                            Level 1            Level 2            Level 3                Total 
Group 
31 December 2023 
Financial assets 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                               -                 50.3                       -                 50.3 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income                                                                                      -                       -                 71.0                 71.0 
                                                                                                                                   -                 50.3                 71.0               121.3 
                                                                                                                                                                               
31 December 2022                                                                                                                                                                                
Financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                     
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                               -                        -                119.0                119.0 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income                                                                                      -                        -                  67.9                  67.9 
                                                                                                                                   -                        -                186.9                186.9 
 
Financial liability                                                                                                                                                                                    
Derivative financial instruments                                                                             -                    4.0                        -                    4.0 
 
Company 
31 December 2023 
Financial assets 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                               -                 50.3                       -                 50.3 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income                                                                                      -                       -                   1.6                   1.6 
                                                                                                                                   -                 50.3                   1.6                 51.9 
 
31 December 2022                                                                                                                                                                                
Financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                     
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income                                                                                      -                        -                    1.6                    1.6 
                                                                                                                                                              
Financial liability                                                                                                                                                                                    
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments                                                                             -                    4.0                        -                    4.0 
 
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques. 
These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on 
entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to determine the fair value of the instruments are observable, these 
instruments are classified under Level 2. 
 
If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, these instruments are classified under Level 3. 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
114
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 117 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
4. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (cont’ d) 
 
F
air value measurement (cont’ d) 
 
Speciﬁc valuation techniques used to value ﬁnancial instruments include: 
 
•Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments. 
• The fair value of forward foreign currency exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the reporting 
date. 
• Other techniques, such as discounted cash ﬂow analysis, are used to determined fair value for the remaining ﬁnancial 
instruments. 
 
Information on the valuation techniques used to value ﬁnancial instruments are disclosed in Notes 23, 24 and 25. 
 
There were no transfers between Levels 1 and 2 during the ﬁnancial year (2022: Nil). 
 
The following table presents the changes in Level 3 ﬁnancial instruments for the ﬁnancial years ended 31 December 2023 and 
2022: 
 
                                                                                                                                Group                                  Company 
                                                                                                                           2023                 2022                2023                 2022 
 
At 1 January                                                                                                     186.9               195.0                   1.6                    1.6 
Dividend income                                                                                                  6.2                   6.2                        -                       - 
Dividend income received                                                                              (15.0)               (11.2)                      -                        - 
Redemption of unquoted preference shares                                               (125.0)                      -                        -                       - 
Fair value gains/(losses) recognised in proﬁt or loss                                      14.8                  (6.3)                      -                        - 
Exchange differences                                                                                          3.1                    3.2                        -                       - 
At 31 December                                                                                                 71.0               186.9                   1.6                    1.6 
 
If one or more of the signiﬁcant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in Level 3. 
 
The Group’s unquoted equity investment in foreign corporations and debt securities in a Malaysian corporation are measured 
at fair value at each reporting date. The basis of determining the fair values are set out in Note 23 and Note 24 respectively.  
 
The carrying values of ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities of the Group and Company at the end of the reporting period 
approximate their fair values unless otherwise disclosed.   
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
115
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 118 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5. SEGMENT ANALYSIS 
 
Operating segments are reported in a manner that is consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating 
decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance 
of the operating segments, has been identiﬁed as the “Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive” and “Group President and 
Executive Director” of the Company. 
 
The performance of the operating segments is based on a measure of adjusted earnings/(losses) before interest, tax, 
depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA/(LBITDA)”). This measurement basis excludes the effects of non-recurring items from 
the operating segments, such as reversal of previously recognised impairment losses/impairment losses, pre-operating 
expenses, redundancy costs, gain/loss on disposal of assets and subsidiaries as well as assets written off. Interest income is 
not included in the result for each operating segment. 
 
Segment assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, investment properties, intangible assets, right-of-use assets, 
land held for property development, trade and other receivables, ﬁnancial assets at FVOCI, ﬁnancial assets at FVTPL, inventories 
and cash and cash equivalents. Segment assets exclude interest bearing instruments, associates, joint venture, assets held 
for sale and deferred tax assets as these assets are managed on a group basis. 
 
Segment liabilities comprise operating liabilities. Segment liabilities exclude interest bearing instruments, deferred tax liabilities 
and tax payables as these liabilities are managed on a group basis. 
 
The Group is organised into the following main business segments: 
 
Leisure & Hospitality -  this segment comprises integrated resort activities which include gaming, hotels, food and 
  beverages, theme parks, retail, entertainment attractions, tours and travel related services and other
  supporting services.  
                                                                                                                                                             
Properties -  this segment is involved in property developments, property investment and management. 
 
All other immaterial business segments including investments in equities, training services, reinsurance services, utilities services, 
yacht charter services and information technology related services are aggregated and disclosed under “Investments and 
Others” as they are not of sufﬁcient size to be reported separately. 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
116
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 119 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
5. SEGMENT ANALYSIS (cont’ d) 
 
T
he segment analysis of the Group is set out below: 
 
                                                                                                Leisure & Hospitality 
 
                                                                                                           United 
                                                                                                         States of 
                                                                                      United        America 
2023                                                                             Kingdom         and                                                Investments 
Group                                                      Malaysia    and Egypt    Bahamas      Total       Properties        & Others         Total 
Revenue                                                                                                                                                                                        
Total revenue                                            6,450.2        1,667.4        1,875.6     9,993.2          106.3                289.1     10,388.6 
Inter segment                                               (34.7)                 -                   -        (34.7)           (7.4)             (157.1)       (199.2) 
External                                                      6,415.5        1,667.4        1,875.6     9,958.5            98.9                132.0     10,189.4 
 
Results                                                                                                                                                                                           
Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA)                          2,062.2           291.2           550.4     2,903.8              5.7              (277.3)     2,632.2 
Pre-operating expenses                                       -                   -           (66.9)       (66.9)                 -                (29.3)         (96.2) 
Net gain on disposal of property, 
plant and equipment                                        -               0.3               0.7            1.0             (0.4)              182.6          183.2 
Property, plant and equipment 
written off                                                    (10.4)            (6.1)            (1.2)       (17.7)                 -                        -          (17.7) 
Impairment losses                                                -           (29.5)                 -        (29.5)                 -                  (3.8)         (33.3) 
Redundancy costs                                               -                   -             (7.2)         (7.2)                 -                  (1.0)           (8.2) 
Others                                                             (0.2)                 -                   -          (0.2)                 -                    3.8              3.6 
 
EBITDA                                                       2,051.6           255.9           475.8     2,783.3              5.3              (125.0)     2,663.6 
Depreciation and amortisation                  (684.7)        (179.6)        (332.7)  (1,197.0)         (24.3)               (19.8)    (1,241.1) 
Interest income                                                                                                                                                                    107.0 
Finance costs                                                                                                                                                                     (635.3) 
Share of results in a joint venture                         -                   -                   -                -             (1.2)                      -            (1.2) 
Share of results in associates                               -                   -         (218.8)     (218.8)                 -                        -        (218.8) 
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                                                          674.2 
Taxation                                                                                                                                                                              (313.3) 
Profit for the financial year                                                                                                                                                 360.9 
 
Assets                                                                                                                                                                                            
Segment assets                                         11,608.7        3,938.9        6,568.4   22,116.0        1,545.8                812.9     24,474.7 
Associates                                                               -                   -        1,936.0     1,936.0                   -                        -       1,936.0 
Joint venture                                                           -                   -                   -                -            41.7                        -            41.7 
Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                                                             1,407.1 
Interest bearing instruments                                                                                                                                                   1,150.0 
Unallocated corporate assets                                                                                                                                                    106.5 
Total assets                                                                                                                                                                             29,116.0 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                
Segment liabilities                                     (2,111.1)        (968.3)        (461.5)  (3,540.9)       (152.8)             (162.5)    (3,856.2) 
Interest bearing instruments#                                                                                                                                              (12,216.6) 
Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                                                                                                           (1,031.1) 
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                                       (17,103.9) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Other disclosures                                                                                                                                                                                 
Capital expenditure incurred*                      380.7             94.7           114.1        589.5            43.4                  56.9          689.8 
 
# Excluding lease liabilities 
* Includes capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and equipment, investment properties, intangible assets and right-
of-use assets. 
 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
117
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 120 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5. SEGMENT ANALYSIS (cont’ d) 
 
The segment analysis of the Group is set out below: 
 
                                                                                     Leisure & Hospitality 
 
                                                                                                                United 
                                                                                                              States of 
                                                                                           United         America 
2022                                                                                 Kingdom          and                                                   Investments 
Group                                                         Malaysia     and Egypt     Bahamas       Total        Properties         & Others          Total 
Revenue                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Total revenue                                                5,258.8         1,505.5         1,659.7      8,424.0            95.6                 282.7         8,802.3 
Inter segment                                                  (45.8)                  -                    -         (45.8)           (7.1)              (146.4)         (199.3) 
External                                                         5,213.0         1,505.5         1,659.7      8,378.2            88.5                 136.3         8,603.0 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Results                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA)                           1,634.3            300.2            477.6      2,412.1            14.9               (310.4)       2,116.6 
Pre-operating expenses                                   (7.5)                  -            (47.5)        (55.0)                 -                 (27.1)           (82.1) 
Property, plant and equipment 
written off                                                         (1.5)             (0.4)             (0.6)          (2.5)                 -                         -              (2.5) 
Impairment losses                                                  -            (12.4)         (352.6)      (365.0)                 -                 (47.3)         (412.3) 
Redundancy costs                                            (0.2)                  -              (7.2)          (7.4)                 -                   (1.6)             (9.0) 
Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                           -                5.8                    -             5.8                  -                         -                5.8 
Others                                                                  0.5              (0.2)              0.1             0.4                  -                   (4.0)             (3.6) 
 
EBITDA                                                           1,625.6            293.0              69.8      1,988.4            14.9               (390.4)       1,612.9 
Depreciation and amortisation                   (662.7)         (173.8)         (325.5)   (1,162.0)         (25.2)                (51.6)      (1,238.8) 
Interest income                                                                                                                                                                              33.7 
Finance costs                                                                                                                                                                             (596.7) 
Share of results in a joint venture                           -                    -                    -                 -             (0.1)                       -              (0.1) 
Share of results in associates                                 -                    -          (153.2)      (153.2)                 -                         -          (153.2) 
Loss before taxation                                                                                                                                                                   (342.2) 
Taxation                                                                                                                                                                                      (325.2) 
Loss for the financial year                                                                                                                                                          (667.4) 
 
Assets                                                                                                                                                                                                     
Segment assets                                         11,530.4         4,048.1         6,287.7    21,866.2       2,268.1              1,125.9       25,260.2 
Associates                                                               -                    -         2,062.2      2,062.2                  -                         -         2,062.2 
Joint venture                                                           -                    -                    -                 -            42.8                         -              42.8 
Interest bearing instruments                                                                                                                                                    1,127.1 
Unallocated corporate assets                                                                                                                                                    138.7 
Total assets                                                                                                                                                                              28,631.0 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Segment liabilities                                      (1,947.2)      (1,002.3)         (524.3)   (3,473.8)       (200.9)                (69.8)      (3,744.5) 
Interest bearing instruments#                                                                                                                                              (12,117.1) 
Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                                                                                                               (840.4) 
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                                        (16,702.0) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Other disclosures                                                                                                                                                                                   
Capital expenditure incurred*                      460.0            159.7            280.0         899.7            10.7                     3.2            913.6 
 
# Excluding lease liabilities 
* Includes capital expenditure in respect of property, plant and equipment, investment properties, intangible assets and right-
of-use assets. 
                                                                                                                                                                                             
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
118
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 121 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
5. SEGMENT ANALYSIS (cont’ d) 
 
Geogr
aphical information  
 
Revenue and non-current assets information based on geographical location of customers and assets respectively are as 
follows: 
 
                                                                                                                     Revenue                           Non-Current Assets 
                                                                                                             2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Malaysia                                                                                                 6,550.1             5,348.4              11,241.6          11,905.0 
United Kingdom and Egypt                                                                  1,667.4             1,505.5                3,573.6            3,624.7 
United States of America and Bahamas                                            1,971.9             1,749.1                5,981.9            6,982.7 
                                                                                                              10,189.4             8,603.0              20,797.1          22,512.4 
 
Geographically, the main business segments of the Group are concentrated in Malaysia, the United Kingdom and Egypt as 
well as the United States of America and Bahamas.  
 
Non-current assets exclude investment in associates, investment in joint venture, ﬁnancial assets at FVOCI, ﬁnancial assets at 
FVTPL and deferred tax assets as presented in the Statement of Financial Position.  
 
There are no revenues derived from transactions with a single external customer that amount to 10% or more of the Group’s 
revenue. 
 
6. REVENUE 
 
Revenue Recognition 
 
The Group’s activities are organised into leisure and hospitality, properties and investments and others segments. Revenue 
from each business segment is recognised as follows: 
 
(a) Leisure and hospitality segment 
 
(i) Gaming revenue 
 
Gaming revenue represents net house takings, which is the aggregate of wins and losses arising from gaming play. 
Revenue is reported after deduction of service tax, rebates and services provided by non-gaming operations on a 
complimentary basis. The casino licences are renewed periodically according to the local regulation in the 
respective jurisdictions. In Malaysia, the casino licence is renewable every three months. 
 
(ii) Non-gaming revenue 
 
- Hotel room revenue 
 
Hotel room revenue is recognised when service is rendered to the customer over their stay at the hotel. The 
transaction price is the net amount collected from the customer. Advance deposits on hotel rooms are 
recorded as customer deposits (i.e. contract liability) until services are provided to the customer. 
 
- Food and beverage, attractions and entertainment and retail sales 
 
Revenue from the sale of goods or services is recognised when the food and beverage, entertainment and 
attractions and retail goods is delivered, rendered or control transferred to the customer. Payment of the 
transaction price is due immediately when the customer purchases the food and beverage or retail goods. 
Advance ticket sales for entertainment and attractions are recorded as customer deposits (i.e. contract 
liability) until services are rendered to the customer. 
 
- Tenancy revenue 
 
Tenancy revenue (including maintenance and upkeep services) from retail outlets, net of any incentives given 
to the lessee, is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the respective lease terms. 
 
- Transportation revenue 
 
Transportation revenue from the provision of taxi, bus and aviation services are recognised upon performance 
of services. 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
119
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 122 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
6. REVENUE (cont’d) 
 
Revenue Recognition (cont’d) 
 
(b) Properties segment 
 
Lease income 
 
Lease income from operating leases (net of any incentives given to the lessee) is recognised in proﬁt or loss on a 
straight-line basis over the lease terms. 
 
(c) Investment and others segment 
 
Dividend income 
 
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established. 
 
Dividend income that are not generated as part of the Group’s principal activities are classiﬁed as other income. 
 
Other services  
 
Revenue from other services includes utilities, reinsurance, yacht charter services and information technology 
services and is recognised upon performance of services. 
 
Loyalty Program 
 
The Group operates a loyalty program known as Genting Rewards Programme. Genting Rewards members can earn points 
primarily based on gaming activity and non-gaming activities such as spending on hotel room, food and beverages, retail, 
transports and others. Such points can be redeemed for free play and other goods and services such as transportation, hotel 
room, food and beverages, retail and others. 
 
The Group accrues for Genting Rewards points liability earned from gaming activities as a casino expense and non-gaming 
activities as an allocation of a portion of the revenue from contracts based on the stand-alone selling price of the goods or 
services expected to be redeemed. The estimation takes into consideration the expected free play or free goods and services 
to be redeemed and history of expiration of unused points results in a reduction of points liability. Redemption of Genting 
Rewards points at third party outlets are deducted from provision for points liability and amounts owed are paid to the third 
party. 
 
Separating lease and non-lease components 
 
If a lease arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to 
the lease and non-lease components based on the stand-alone selling prices in accordance with the principles in MFRS 15. 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
120
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 123 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
6. REVENUE (cont’d) 
 
                                                                                                                           Gr
oup                                    Company 
                                                                                                             2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Leisure and hospitality                                                                                                                                                                      
Gaming operations                                                                                7,325.2            6,367.7                4,760.1            3,949.4 
Non-gaming operations                                                                                                                                                                   
- Hotel room                                                                                            1,216.6               856.1                   556.3               326.7 
- Food and beverage                                                                                536.7                453.7                   300.6               277.5 
- Attractions and entertainment revenue                                                290.5                249.9                   268.8               241.8 
- Tenancy                                                                                                   188.6                128.5                   135.4                 86.5 
- Transportation                                                                                         181.2                148.8                     72.2                  63.1 
- Others                                                                                                       219.7                173.5                   136.6               109.1 
Total Leisure and hospitality                                                                  9,958.5             8,378.2                6,230.0            5,054.1 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Properties                                                                                                                                                                                           
Lease income                                                                                              98.9                  88.5                           -                        - 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Investment and others                                                                                                                                                                      
Dividend income                                                                                           6.2                    6.2                   185.7               159.4 
Other services                                                                                            125.8                130.1                           -                        - 
                                                                                                                 132.0                136.3                   185.7               159.4 
                                                                                                            10,189.4             8,603.0                6,415.7            5,213.5 
 
 
7. COST OF SALES 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                             2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                       351.5                305.0                   239.5               213.2 
Cost of services and other operating costs                                         7,274.1             6,301.9                4,433.7            3,623.6 
                                                                                                              7,625.6             6,606.9                4,673.2            3,836.8 
 
Included in other operating costs are gaming expenses amounting to RM2,444.5 million (2022: RM2,039.6 million) for the 
Group and RM2,013.1 million (2022: RM1,575.2 million) for the Company. 
 
 
8. OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS - NET 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                             2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Net foreign currency exchange (losses)/gains                                                                                                                             
- realised                                                                                                       (0.4)              (36.6)                   32.2                (27.1) 
- unrealised                                                                                              (177.8)             (224.4)                (185.5)            (219.8) 
Fair value gain/(loss) on ﬁnancial assets at fair value  
through proﬁt or loss                                                                                 15.0                  (6.3)                      0.3                       - 
Net fair value gain/(loss) on derivative ﬁnancial instruments                   4.0                  (4.0)                      4.0                  (4.0) 
                                                                                                                  (159.2)            (271.3)                (149.0)            (250.9) 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
121
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 124 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
9.  PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAXATION 
 
Proﬁt/(loss) before taxation has been determined after inclusion of the following charges and credits: 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
Charges:                                                                                              2023               2022                   2023               2022 
Depreciation and amortisation: 
- Property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                         1,011.7            1,024.2                   590.7               566.7 
- Investment properties (Note 17)                                                              23.2                  23.7                           -                        - 
- Intangible assets (Note 18)                                                                    114.5                110.7                       0.2                    0.1 
- Right-of-use assets (Note 19)                                                                    91.7                  80.2                     10.5                  10.5 
Property, plant and equipment written off (Note 15)                               17.7                    2.5                       7.9                    1.1 
Impairment losses:                                                                                                                                                                             
- Property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                                2.7               346.7                           -                        - 
- Intangible assets (Note 18)                                                                      21.2                    6.8                           -                        - 
- Right-of-use assets (Note 19)                                                                      5.6                  11.5                           -                        - 
- Investments in subsidiaries (Note 20)                                                            -                        -                       6.2                  57.8 
- Receivables                                                                                                 3.8                  47.3                           -                        - 
Impairment losses on amounts due from related companies                       -                 10.2                           -                        - 
Impairment losses on amounts due from subsidiaries (Note 20)                  -                        -                           -                    2.2 
Impairment losses on trade and other receivables                                    2.9                    0.8                       0.1                    0.6 
Short-term and low value lease expenses                                                 22.0                  20.5                           -                        - 
Directors’ remuneration excluding estimated monetary 
value of beneﬁts-in-kind (Note 11)                                                           70.5                 76.6                     70.5                  76.6 
Statutory audit fees:                                                                                                                                                                          
- Payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT                                                  2.1                   2.0                       1.2                    1.1 
- Payable to other member ﬁrms of   
 PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited                                       0.4                   0.2                           -                        - 
- Payable to other auditors                                                                           5.0                    4.5                           -                        - 
Audit related fees:                                                                                                                                                                             
- Payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT                                                  0.1                   0.1                       0.1                    0.1 
- Payable to other auditors                                                                           0.3                    0.3                           -                        - 
Finance costs:                                                                                                                                                                                    
- Interest on borrowings                                                                            558.3               506.0                   458.5               422.9 
- Interest on lease liabilities                                                                         41.2                  33.3                       0.3                    0.8 
- Other ﬁnance costs                                                                                   35.8                  73.8                       1.4                  53.3 
- Less: capitalised costs (Note 15)                                                                    -                (16.4)                          -                (16.4) 
Finance costs charged to proﬁt or loss                                                    635.3               596.7                   460.2               460.6 
Provision for onerous lease (Note 36)                                                          0.5                    5.3                           -                        - 
Provision for termination related costs                                                             -                    1.1                           -                    1.1 
Licensing fees                                                                                            321.6                269.5                   225.1               183.5 
Management fees                                                                                     480.0               386.5                   503.1               407.1 
Administrative support services                                                                    8.0                    6.6                     18.9                  17.5 
Commissions                                                                                                      -                        -                     47.2                  28.0 
                                                                                                                                                    
Credits:                                                                                                                                                                                               
Interest income                                                                                          107.0                 33.7                     30.9                  15.4 
Lease income from land and buildings                                                   284.1               215.6                   132.8                 86.2 
Investment income                                                                                        0.1                   0.2                       0.1                    0.2 
Dividend income                                                                                           6.2                    6.2                   185.7               159.4 
Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                       183.2                    0.4                          *                   0.1 
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                       -                    5.8                           -                        - 
Service fees                                                                                                    7.3                    7.2                       6.6                    6.4 
Management and shared support services                                              14.2                 13.3                     14.1                  10.9 
Gain on lease modiﬁcations                                                                         1.7                   0.8                           -                        - 
Income from capital award                                                                      194.3               186.9                           -                        - 
Reversal of previously recognised impairment losses:                                                                                                                   
- Subsidiaries (Note 20)                                                                                     -                        -                       8.3                        - 
Reversal of impairment losses on receivable                                              0.1                    0.7                           -                        - 
VAT claim on gaming machines income                                                        -                  16.4                           -                        - 
                                                                                                                                                   
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
122
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 125 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
9.  PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAXATION (cont’d) 
 
Proﬁt/(loss) before taxation has been determined after inclusion of the following charges and credits: (cont’d) 
 
                                                                                                                           Gr
oup                                    Company 
                                                                                                                2023               2022                   2023               2022
Other information:                                                                                               
Non-audit fees **                                                                                                                                                                              
- Payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT                                                     *                   0.3                          *                       * 
- Payable to other member ﬁrms of   
 PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited                                     0.9                    1.3                       0.4                    0.1 
 
* less than RM0.1 million. 
** Non-audit fees are in respect of tax related services of RM0.9 million (2022: RM1.5 million) and corporate and ﬁnancial 
advisory services of RM* million (2022: RM0.1 million) for the Group and in respect of tax related services of RM0.4 million 
(2022: RM* million) and corporate and ﬁnancial advisory services of RM*  million (2022: RM0.1 million) for the Company. 
 
10. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                                2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                               1,778.6            1,507.9                   603.7               481.0 
Deﬁned contribution plan                                                                           89.3                 78.2                     67.3                  59.1 
Pension cost                                                                                                 12.4                  10.8                           -                        - 
Other short term employee beneﬁts                                                        397.0                293.9                     64.9                  57.1 
Provision of retirement gratuities (Note 39)                                                 2.8                  21.2                       2.9                  19.5 
Employee Share Scheme                                                                              0.2                   2.2                       0.2                    2.2 
Redundancy costs                                                                                         8.2                   9.0                           -                       - 
                                                                                                                2,288.5             1,923.2                   739.0               618.9 
 
In the previous ﬁnancial year, wages, salaries and bonuses had been reduced by RM37.1 million for the Group and RM3.0 
million for the Company in relation to the grants received under the US Employee Retention Credit and Malaysia Government’s 
Wage Subsidy Program, none in the current ﬁnancial year. 
 
Employee beneﬁts expense, as shown above, includes the remuneration of Executive Directors. 
 
11. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION 
 
                                                                                                                                                          Group and Company 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
Non-executive Directors:                                                                                                                                          
- Fees                                                                                                                                                                   1.5                    1.4 
- Other short term employee beneﬁts                                                                                                               0.8                        - 
Executive Directors:                                                                                                                                                   
- Fees                                                                                                                                                                   0.5                    0.5 
- Salaries and bonuses                                                                                                                                    56.8                  56.3 
- Deﬁned contribution plan                                                                                                                             10.1                  10.0 
- Other short term employee beneﬁts                                                                                                               0.4                    0.4 
- Provision for retirement gratuities                                                                                                                    0.2                    5.1 
- Employee Share Scheme                                                                                                                                 0.2                   2.9 
Directors’ remuneration excluding estimated monetary value of beneﬁts-in-kind (Note 9)                        70.5                  76.6 
Estimated monetary value of beneﬁts-in-kind                                                                                                  1.8                    1.5 
                                                                                                                                                                        72.3                  78.1 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
123
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 126 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12. TAXATION  
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
Current taxation:                                                                                                                                                                               
Malaysia taxation                                                                                      64.8                 16.9                       5.3                    3.5 
Foreign taxation                                                                                      128.5                  67.8                           -                        - 
Adjustment in respect of prior years                                                          0.4                   0.2                           -                        - 
Total current tax                                                                                       193.7                  84.9                       5.3                    3.5 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Deferred tax (Note 37):                                                                                                                                                                     
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                              119.6                240.3                   118.7               223.3 
Total deferred tax                                                                                     119.6                240.3                   118.7               223.3 
Income tax expense                                                                                313.3                325.2                   124.0               226.8 
 
The reconciliation between the taxation and proﬁt/(loss) before taxation is as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Proﬁt/(loss) before taxation                                                                      674.2              (342.2)                 807.7                303.7 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Tax calculated at Malaysian statutory tax rate of 24% 
(2022: 24%)                                                                                              161.8                (82.1)                 193.8                  72.9 
Tax effects of:                                                                                                                                                                                     
- expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                            177.2               218.8                   141.7               192.2 
- different tax regime                                                                                   56.1                123.5                           -                        - 
- income not subject to tax                                                                         (7.8)                 (2.4)                  (47.2)              (38.3) 
- tax incentive                                                                                           (176.7)                      -                 (164.3)                      - 
- adjustment in respect of prior years                                                         0.4                    0.2                           -                        - 
- current year’s tax losses and deductible temporary 
differences not recognised                                                                    113.6                  67.0                           -                        - 
- others                                                                                                        (11.3)                  0.2                           -                        - 
Income tax expense                                                                                  313.3               325.2                   124.0               226.8 
 
In the UK, the corporation tax has increased from 19% in the prior year to 25% effective from 1 April 2023.  
 
In the previous ﬁnancial year, the income tax effect of the other comprehensive income/(loss) items of the Group which are 
individually not material, was tax expense of RM0.8 million. 
 
Global Minimum Tax (Pillar Two) 
 
In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) issued Pillar Two model rules 
which are also commonly known as Global Minimum Tax (GMT). Various governments around the world have issued, or are 
in the process of issuing, legislation on this. The Government of Malaysia has gazetted the Finance (No. 2) Act 2023 in 
December 2023 which sets out, amongst others, the legislative provisions of the OECD’s Pillar Two model rules and will be 
effective for ﬁnancial years beginning on or after 1 January 2025.  
 
The Group is within the scope of the OECD’s Pillar Two model rules. The Group also operates in certain jurisdictions, namely 
United Kingdom where the legislative to implement the OECD’s Pillar Two model rules has been enacted in July 2023 and 
effective for accounting periods commencing on or after 31 December 2023. In accordance with the transition provisions, 
the Group has applied the temporary exception in Amendments to MFRS 112 “International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model 
Rules” retrospectively and not accounting for deferred taxes arising from the top-up tax due to the Pillar Two model rules in 
the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.  
 
The Group is in the process of assessing the full impact to Pillar Two income taxes arising from the legislation enacted or 
substantively enacted but not yet in effect.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
124
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 127 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
13. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE 
 
The basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share of the Group are computed as follows: 
 
(a)
Basic earnings/(loss) per share 
 
Basic earnings/(loss) per share of the Group is calculated by dividing the proﬁt/(loss) for the ﬁnancial year attributable 
to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the ﬁnancial year. 
The weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue excludes the weighted average number of treasury shares 
held by the Company. 
 
                                                                                                                                                     Group 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
 
Proﬁt/(loss) for the ﬁnancial year attributable to equity holders of the 
Company (RM million)                                                                                                                        436.8              (520.0) 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (million)                                                     5,667.2            5,662.5 
Basic earnings/(loss) per share (sen)                                                                                                    7.71                (9.18) 
 
(b) Diluted earnings/(loss) per share 
 
For the diluted earnings/(loss) per share calculation, the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue of the 
Company is adjusted to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares issued by the Company. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                            Group 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
 
Proﬁt/(loss) for the ﬁnancial year attributable to equity holders of the 
Company (RM million)                                                                                                                        436.8              (520.0) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Weighted average number of ordinary shares adjusted as follows (million):                                                                      
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                                                                   5,667.2            5,662.5 
Adjustment for dilutive effect of Employee Share Scheme                                                                         -                        - 
Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                                                    5,667.2            5,662.5 
Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (sen)                                                                                                 7.71                (9.18) 
 
As at 31 December 2023, there is no dilutive effect of Employee Share Scheme as the Company’s Employee Share Scheme 
had been fully vested during the ﬁnancial year. 
 
The calculation of diluted loss per share for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2022 did not take into account the 
Employee Share Scheme of the Company as it had an anti-dilutive effect on the basic loss per share. Therefore, the diluted 
loss per share is the same as basic loss per share.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
125
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 128 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
14. DIVIDENDS 
 
                                                                                                                                  Group/Company 
                                                                                                                        2023                                              2022 
                                                                                                                Single-tier      Amount of        Single-tier       Amount of 
                                                                                                                 dividend        single-tier         dividend         single-tier 
                                                                                                                per share         dividend        per share          dividend 
                                                                                                                          Sen      RM million                  Sen        RM million 
 
In respect of current financial year:                                                                                                                                                 
- Interim dividend paid                                                                               6.0                340.1                    6.0                339.9 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
In respect of previous financial years:                                                                                                                                              
- Final dividend paid                                                                                   9.0                510.1                        -                        - 
- Special dividend paid                                                                                  -                        -                    9.0                508.8 
                                                                                                                         15.0               850.2                  15.0                848.7 
 
A final single-tier dividend of 9.0 sen per ordinary share in respect of the current financial year ended 31 December 2023 has 
been declared for payment to shareholders registered in the Register of Members on 21 March 2024. The final single-tier 
dividend shall be paid on 15 April 2024. Based on the total number of issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2023, 
the final single-tier dividend would amount to RM510.1 million. The final single-tier dividend has not been recognised in the 
Statements of Changes in Equity as it was declared subsequent to the financial year end. 
 
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment loss where applicable. 
 
Freehold land and property, plant and equipment which are under construction are not depreciated. Depreciation on assets 
under construction commences when the assets are ready for their intended use. Depreciation on other assets are calculated 
using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives as follows:  
 
Buildings and improvements                                    2 to 50 years 
Plant, equipment and vehicles                                 2 to 50 years 
Aircrafts, sea vessels and improvements                 5 to 30 years  
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
126
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 129 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (cont’d) 
 
                                                                                                                                      Plant,
             Aircrafts, 
                                                                  Freehold          Buildings &    equipment     sea vessels &     Construction 
                                                                         land     improvements      & vehicles    improvements        in progress            Total 
Group                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Net Book Value:                                                                                                                                                                                      
At 1 January 2023                                          389.3                9,184.8           4,449.3                   593.3                 764.1     15,380.8 
Additions (Note (i))                                                -                      53.7              184.6                     22.5                 376.3           637.1 
Disposals                                                                -                            -                      -                  (428.4)                  (0.4)       (428.8) 
Written off                                                                -                      (4.0)               (2.7)                          -                  (11.0)          (17.7) 
Depreciation charge for the  
financial year                                                       -                  (329.2)           (662.5)                  (20.0)                        -      (1,011.7) 
Impairment losses (Note (ii))                           (1.7)                    (1.0)                     -                            -                          -             (2.7) 
Transfer to investment properties  
(Note 17)                                                             -                            -                      -                            -                  (17.7)          (17.7) 
Transfer to assets held for sale 
(Note 31)                                                             -                  (296.1)                     -                            -                    (8.0)       (304.1) 
Reclassifications                                                     -                   135.7              140.1                       0.1                (275.9)                 - 
Exchange differences                                      12.2                   207.7                19.4                     21.1                     1.9           262.3 
At 31 December 2023                                  399.8                8,951.6           4,128.2                   188.6                 829.3     14,497.5 
                                                                                                                                                                                             
At 31 December 2023:                                                                                                                                                                          
Cost                                                                489.4              13,348.5         11,199.9                   281.5                 855.6     26,174.9 
Accumulated depreciation                                   -               (3,500.9)        (6,989.1)                  (61.4)                        -    (10,551.4) 
Accumulated impairment losses                  (89.6)                (896.0)             (82.6)                  (31.5)                (26.3)    (1,126.0) 
Net book value                                              399.8                8,951.6           4,128.2                   188.6                 829.3     14,497.5 
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Net Book Value:                                                                                                                                                                                                
At 1 January 2022                                             420.5                  8,244.4            2,655.9                     632.7                4,054.4      16,007.9 
Additions (Note (i))                                                   -                       13.8               185.1                         0.1                   426.0            625.0 
Disposals                                                                    -                       (0.4)                (3.7)                           -                     (0.2)             (4.3) 
Written off                                                                   -                       (0.3)                (1.7)                           -                     (0.5)             (2.5) 
Depreciation charge for the 
financial year                                                          -                   (324.3)            (637.8)                    (62.1)                         -       (1,024.2) 
Impairment losses (Note (ii))                           (46.3)                  (296.3)                (2.7)                           -                     (1.4)        (346.7) 
Transfer to investment properties  
(Note 17)                                                                 -                             -                       -                             -                   (11.6)          (11.6) 
Reclassifications                                                        -                  1,456.2            2,246.4                             -              (3,702.6)                  - 
Exchange differences                                        15.1                       91.7                   7.8                       22.6                           -            137.2 
At 31 December 2022                                      389.3                  9,184.8            4,449.3                     593.3                   764.1      15,380.8 
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
At 31 December 2022:                                                                                                                                                                                     
Cost                                                                    473.3                13,138.7          10,822.2                     837.0                   790.2      26,061.4 
Accumulated depreciation                                     -                (3,103.9)         (6,296.4)                  (212.2)                         -       (9,612.5) 
Accumulated impairment losses                    (84.0)                  (850.0)              (76.5)                    (31.5)                  (26.1)     (1,068.1) 
Net book value                                                 389.3                  9,184.8            4,449.3                     593.3                   764.1      15,380.8 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
127
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 130 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (cont’d) 
 
                                                                                                                                                                     Plant,                               
                                                                                        Freehold             Buildings &        equipment        Construction 
                                                                                               land        improvements         & vehicles            in progress        Total 
Company                                                                                                                                                                                
Net Book Value:                                                                                                                                                                      
At 1 January 2023                                                                 87.2                    4,748.8               3,824.6                     525.7    9,186.3 
Additions (Note (i))                                                                     -                           1.8                  102.1                     124.9       228.8 
Disposals                                                                                      -                               -                    (0.2)                            -         (0.2) 
Written off                                                                                     -                          (0.7)                   (0.2)                      (7.0)        (7.9) 
Depreciation charge for the financial year                                -                     (124.5)               (466.2)                            -     (590.7) 
Transfer to subsidiaries                                                                 -                          (0.2)                        -                       (4.4)        (4.6) 
Reclassifications                                                                           -                         51.7                    66.1                   (117.8)              - 
At 31 December 2023                                                           87.2                    4,676.9               3,526.2                     521.4    8,811.7 
    
                                                                                                                                        
At 31 December 2023:                                                                                                                                                           
Cost                                                                                        87.2                    6,214.7               7,562.2                     525.5  14,389.6 
Accumulated depreciation                                                        -                  (1,535.6)           (4,027.0)                            -  (5,562.6) 
Accumulated impairment losses                                                -                          (2.2)                   (9.0)                      (4.1)      (15.3) 
Net book value                                                                      87.2                    4,676.9               3,526.2                     521.4    8,811.7 
                                                                                                                                                                  
Net Book Value:                                                                                                                                                                               
At 1 January 2022                                                                     87.2                     3,570.4                1,970.2                   3,824.7     9,452.5 
Additions (including capitalised interest)  
(Note (i))                                                                                        -                             0.4                   135.5                      169.8        305.7 
Disposals                                                                                           -                                 -                     (0.3)                             -          (0.3) 
Written off                                                                                          -                           (0.2)                    (0.9)                             -          (1.1) 
Depreciation charge for the financial year                                  -                       (121.6)                (445.1)                             -      (566.7) 
Transfer from/(to) subsidiaries                                                        -                                 -                       0.7                         (4.5)         (3.8) 
Reclassifications                                                                               -                     1,299.8                2,164.5                  (3,464.3)              - 
At 31 December 2022                                                               87.2                     4,748.8                3,824.6                      525.7     9,186.3 
                                                                                                                                                                          
At 31 December 2022:                                                                                                                                                                    
Cost                                                                                             87.2                     6,162.4                7,466.8                      529.8   14,246.2 
Accumulated depreciation                                                            -                    (1,411.4)             (3,633.2)                             -   (5,044.6) 
Accumulated impairment losses                                                   -                           (2.2)                    (9.0)                       (4.1)       (15.3) 
Net book value                                                                          87.2                     4,748.8                3,824.6                      525.7     9,186.3 
  
Certain property, plant and equipment of the Group’s casino business in the United Kingdom amounting to RM986.8 million have 
been pledged for the Group’s Pound Sterling Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
Note (i) 
(a) In the previous financial year, the Group and the Company had capitalised borrowing costs amounting to RM16.4 million 
and RM16.4 million respectively on qualifying assets. The capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs 
to be capitalised was the weighted average interest rate applicable to the Group and the Company’s general borrowings 
during that financial year of 4.18% and 3.89% per annum respectively, none in the current financial year. 
 
(b) The non-cash additions of property, plant and equipment of the Group and the Company as at 31 December 2023 is 
disclosed in Note 40(i). 
 
Note (ii) 
During the financial year, the Group carried out impairment reviews on the non-financial assets with indication of impairment. As 
a result, the Group recorded impairment losses of RM2.7 million for property, plant and equipment, RM21.2 million for intangible 
assets (Note 18) and RM5.6 million for right-of-use (“ROU”) assets (Note 19) during the financial year.  The impairment losses were 
in respect of assets of the casinos in the United Kingdom (“UK”) (see (a) below).
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
128
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 131 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (cont’d) 
 
Not
e (ii) (cont’d) 
In the previous ﬁnancial year, impairment losses were recorded for the following assets:  
•  RM2.7 million relating to the assets of the casinos in the UK; 
•  RM9.7 million relating to vacant leasehold properties in UK; and 
•  RM352.6 million relating to the assets of Resorts World Bimini. 
 
(a) Assets of the casino business in UK (“UK casino business”) 
 
   The aggregate carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, casino licences and ROU assets of the UK casino 
business amounting to RM2,584.3 million, net of impairment loss of RM29.5 million recorded in ﬁnancial year 2023 (2022: 
RM2,659.1 million, net of impairment loss of RM2.7 million recorded in ﬁnancial year 2022) have been tested for 
impairment. In performing the impairment review, each casino is assessed as a separate cash generating unit (“CGU”), 
except where one or more casinos located within the same geographical area and the nature of the customers is such 
that they are transferable between these casinos. In this instance, these casinos have been grouped together and 
treated as a separate CGU. There are 21 separate CGUs identiﬁed and tested for impairment (2022: 21 CGUs). The 
casino licences considered to have indeﬁnite useful lives and classiﬁed as intangible assets, are assigned to smaller 
CGU for the purposes of impairment review.  
 
   The recoverable amount of each CGU, including property, plant and equipment, casino licences (intangible assets) 
and ROU assets, is determined based on the higher of fair value less cost to sell (“FVLCTS”) and value in use (“VIU”). 
Estimates of fair value have been determined with reference to an external valuation, prepared in accordance with the 
Royal Institution Chartered Surveyors (“RICS”) valuation professional standards, as published by RCIS, on the basis of 
market value and are within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
   The VIU has been calculated using cash ﬂow projections with a “base” cash ﬂow relating to ﬁnancial projections for 
2024. The base cash ﬂow has been extrapolated for a further 4 years and a terminal value calculated at year 5 using a 
long term growth rate of 2.0% (2022: 2.0%), including inﬂation. The growth rate did not exceed the long term average 
growth rate for the leisure and hospitality industry in which the CGUs operate and are consistent with the forecasts 
included in industry reports and external sources. The discount rate applied to the cash ﬂow projections is 10.0%  
(2022: 9.9%). 
 
Based on the impairment tests, impairment losses have been recognised for property, plant and equipment of RM2.7 
million, casino licences of RM21.2 million and ROU assets of RM5.6 million (2022: RM0.9 million for property, plant and 
equipment and RM1.8 million for ROU assets) for the UK casino business.   
 
There are 4 (2022: 2) CGUs of the UK casino business in which the recoverable amount is determined based on VIU 
calculation and 17 (2022: 19) CGUs in which the recoverable amount is determined based on FVLCTS. There are no 
reasonably possible changes in any of the key assumptions used that would cause additional material impairment 
losses to be recognised. 
 
(b) Bimini operations (“Bimini Assets”) 
 
Impairment testing has been performed on the Bimini Assets that comprised property, plant and equipment and casino 
licences with an aggregate carrying amount of RM768.8 million as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RM701.0 million, net of 
impairment loss of RM352.6 million recorded in ﬁnancial year 2022). The recoverable amounts of property, plant and 
equipment and casino licences (intangible assets) are determined based on VIU method.  The VIU has been calculated 
using the cash ﬂow projections which are based on the approved cruise strategy for the Bimini resort, and the increased 
trafﬁc to the resort from the greater regional awareness generated as a result of the cruise strategy and expected airport 
expansion. Cash ﬂow projections used in this calculation were based on ﬁnancial budgets approved by management 
covering a ﬁve-year period (2022: six-year period).  Cash ﬂow beyond the ﬁve-year period (2022: six-year period) were 
extrapolated using the estimated growth rate. 
 
In the previous ﬁnancial year, the cash ﬂows for Bimini Assets have been assessed for a period of 6 years from 2023 to 
2028. Although MFRS 136 “Impairment of Assets” stipulates that projections based on these forecasts should not exceed 
5 years, the material impact of the developments around the resort that will have on proﬁtability is expected to be 
between year 5 to year 6. 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
129
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 132 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (cont’d) 
 
(b) Bimini operations (“Bimini Assets”) (cont’d) 
 
Key assumptions in the VIU calculations are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    Group 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
Growth rate                                                                                                                                              2.3%                2.3% 
Short term discount rate                                                                                                                       13.1%               13.1% 
Long term discount rate                                                                                                                        11.5%              11.2% 
Hotel occupancy rate*                                                                                                                  39% - 70%        35% - 70% 
Annual cruise passengers                                                                                                          893k – 917k     618k – 820k 
 
* Hotel occupancy rate has taken into consideration the slower return of travel activities post COVID-19 impact and 
expected airport expansion on the progressive increase in occupancy rate to achieve a stable growth during the 
projection period. 
 
Based on the impairment assessment, no impairment is required for Bimini Assets (2022: impairment losses of RM345.8 
million and RM6.8 million were recognised for property, plant and equipment and casino licences respectively). 
 
If the hotel occupancy rate is decreased by 5% and all other variables including tax rate are being held constant, this 
will give rise to an impairment loss of RM163.9 million (2022: additional impairment loss of RM133.0 million). If the annual 
cruise passengers are decreased by 5% and all other variables including tax rate are being held constant, this will give 
rise to an impairment loss of RM20.3 million (2022: additional impairment loss of RM39.7 million).  
 
Note (iii) 
The Group leases out retail spaces, ofﬁces and land which are classiﬁed as property, plant and equipment and investment 
properties to non-related parties. The Group and the Company have classiﬁed these leases as operating leases, because they 
do not transfer substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of the assets. These leases have varying 
terms, escalation clauses and renewal rights. The following table sets out the maturity analysis of lease payments, showing the 
undiscounted lease payments to be received after the reporting date. 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Less than 1 year                                                                                         178.5               153.9                     89.4                  59.5 
Between 1 and 2 years                                                                              132.0               113.3                     66.3                  38.5 
Between 2 and 3 years                                                                                99.4                 80.9                     28.4                  14.6 
Between 3 and 4 years                                                                                71.9                 51.3                           -                        - 
Between 4 and 5 years                                                                                71.9                 45.1                           -                        - 
Over 5 years                                                                                               152.4                179.0                           -                        - 
Total undiscounted lease payments to be received                           706.1                623.5                   184.1               112.6 
 
 
16. LAND HELD FOR PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT 
 
Land held for property development consists of land on which no signiﬁcant development work has been undertaken or 
where development activities are not expected to be completed within the normal operating cycle. Such land is classiﬁed 
as land held for property development under non-current asset and is carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. 
Cost of land held for property development comprises cost of land and all related costs incurred on activities necessary to 
prepare the land for its intended use. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    Group 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
Freehold land and improvements:                                                                                                                                                   
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                    199.1               180.5 
Additions                                                                                                                                                             0.4                  18.6 
Transfer to investment properties (Note 17)                                                                                                  (23.2)                      - 
At 31 December                                                                                                                                             176.3                199.1 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
130
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 133 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES 
 
In
vestment properties are initially measured at cost, including direct transaction costs and borrowing costs if the investment 
properties meet the deﬁnition of qualifying asset. 
 
The Group adopts the cost model to measure all its investment properties. Investment in freehold land is stated at cost. 
Leasehold land is amortised using the straight-line method over the lease period. Other investment properties are subsequently 
measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Depreciation for other investment properties is 
calculated using a straight-line method to allocate the cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives as follows: 
 
Leasehold land                                                51 to 97 years 
Buildings and improvements                          2 to 50 years 
 
Right-of-use assets that meet the deﬁnition of investment property in accordance with MFRS 140 “Investment Property” is 
presented in the statement of ﬁnancial position as investment property. Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use asset is 
consistent with those investment properties owned by the Group. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    Group 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
Net Book Value 
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                 1,884.1            1,835.6 
Additions                                                                                                                                                           42.8                199.1 
Depreciation charge for the ﬁnancial year                                                                                                   (23.2)              (23.7) 
Transfer from property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                                                                17.7                 11.6 
Transfer from land held for property development (Note 16)                                                                       23.2                       - 
Reclassiﬁed to assets held for sale (Note 31)                                                                                           (1,103.0)                      - 
Transfer to receivables (Note 26(ii))                                                                                                                       -              (217.3) 
Exchange differences                                                                                                                                       68.7                 78.8 
At 31 December                                                                                                                                             910.3             1,884.1 
 
                                                                                                                            31.12.2023           31.12.2022           1.1.2022 
 
Cost                                                                                                                                 1,192.7                 2,380.4             2,288.8 
Accumulated depreciation                                                                                            (250.3)                 (465.5)             (423.8) 
Accumulated impairment losses                                                                                      (32.1)                   (30.8)               (29.4) 
Net book value                                                                                                                  910.3                 1,884.1             1,835.6 
Fair value                                                                                                                         4,074.7                 5,625.6            4,402.4 
 
The aggregate lease income and direct operating expenses incurred from investment properties of the Group which generate 
lease income during the ﬁnancial year amounted to RM100.8 million and RM67.0 million (2022: RM103.0 million and RM64.7 
million) respectively. 
 
The direct operating expenses incurred from investment properties of the Group which did not generate lease income during 
the ﬁnancial year amounted to RM8.5 million (2022: RM9.0 million). 
 
Fair values of the Group’s investment properties at the end of the ﬁnancial year have been determined by independent 
professional valuers based on the market comparison approach that reﬂects the recent transaction prices for similar properties 
and are within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, except for the Group’s investment properties in Miami, Florida, US which have 
been determined by independent professional valuers based on the income approach of the respective properties and are 
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
131
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 134 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 
The Group’s intangible assets comprise the following: 
 
Goodwill 
 
The Group’s goodwill arose from the acquisition of UK casino business, Omni Center in the City of Miami (part of the US CGU) 
and Oakwood Sdn Bhd (part of the Malaysia CGU). 
 
Casino licences – indeﬁnite lives 
 
The Group capitalises purchased casino licences. The amount capitalised is the difference between the price paid for a casino 
including the associated licence and the fair value of a similar property without a casino licence. Casino licences have 
indeﬁnite useful lives as there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the licences are expected to generate cash 
inﬂows.  
 
Purchased licences – deﬁnite lives 
 
The Group capitalises purchased licences. The licences, which have deﬁnite useful lives is amortised using the straight-line 
method over its estimated useful lives of 30 to 40 years. 
 
The amortisation period and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period. The effects of any revision 
are recognised in proﬁt or loss when changes arise. Where an indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount of licences 
are assessed and written down immediately to its recoverable amount. 
 
Trademarks 
 
Trademarks are stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Trademarks have an indeﬁnite useful life as it is 
maintained through continuous marketing and upgrading.  
 
Casino Concession Agreement 
 
Casino concession agreement relates to the right to operate a casino in Egypt for a period of 10 years expiring in 2026. 
 
Other intangible assets – customer contracts and gaming platform 
 
Other intangible assets represent the fair value of customer contracts and gaming platform acquired in business combinations 
at the acquisition date. The cost is amortised using the straight-line method over its estimated useful lives of 3 to 5 years. 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
132
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 135 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (cont’ d) 
 
 
                                                                                                                             Online                                 Casino 
                                                                                    Casino                              Gaming                         Concession                    
                                                             Goodwill     Licences     Trademarks      Licence     Licences      Agreement           Total 
Group 
Net Book Value: 
At 1 January 2023                                       423.7       1,571.9                 54.0                 -       2,023.1                 10.9      4,083.6 
Amortisation charge for  
the financial year                                              -                  -                       -                 -        (111.4)                (3.1)      (114.5) 
Impairment losses                                                -          (21.2)                      -                 -                  -                       -          (21.2) 
Exchange differences                                   42.3          164.9                   5.6                 -            91.5                   1.0         305.3 
At 31 December 2023                           466.0       1,715.6                 59.6                 -       2,003.2                   8.8      4,253.2 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
At 31 December 2023:                                                                                                                                                                               
Cost                                                              544.7       1,897.4                 59.6           17.9       3,551.4                 30.2      6,101.2 
Accumulated amortisation                                -                  -                       -         (12.4)    (1,521.5)              (16.9)   (1,550.8) 
Accumulated impairment losses               (78.7)       (181.8)                      -           (5.5)         (26.7)                (4.5)      (297.2) 
Net book value                                            466.0       1,715.6                 59.6                 -       2,003.2                   8.8      4,253.2 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Net Book Value:                                                                                                                                                                                             
At 1 January 2022                                        442.7         1,640.3                   57.4                   -         2,028.3                   14.7        4,183.4 
Additions                                                               -              30.8                          -                   -                    -                          -             30.8 
Amortisation charge  
for the financial year                                         -                    -                          -                   -          (107.7)                  (3.0)        (110.7) 
Impairment losses                                                -                    -                          -                   -              (6.8)                        -             (6.8) 
Exchange differences                                 (19.0)           (99.2)                  (3.4)                 -            109.3                    (0.8)          (13.1) 
At 31 December 2022                                 423.7         1,571.9                   54.0                   -         2,023.1                   10.9        4,083.6 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
At 31 December 2022:                                                                                                                                                                                 
Cost                                                               499.8         1,716.7                   54.0             17.4         3,270.1                   27.3        5,585.3 
Accumulated amortisation                                -                    -                          -           (12.4)      (1,220.8)                (12.4)     (1,245.6) 
Accumulated impairment losses               (76.1)         (144.8)                        -             (5.0)           (26.2)                  (4.0)        (256.1) 
Net book value                                            423.7         1,571.9                   54.0                   -         2,023.1                   10.9        4,083.6 
 
                                                                                                                                                                  Licences 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
Company 
Net Book Value: 
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                        0.6                   0.7 
Amortisation charge for the ﬁnancial year                                                                                                     (0.2)                 (0.1) 
At 31 December                                                                                                                                                  0.4                   0.6 
    
    
At 31 December:                                                                                                                                                                               
Cost                                                                                                                                                                   16.3                  16.3 
Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                                              (1.0)                (0.8) 
Accumulated impairment losses                                                                                                                   (14.9)              (14.9) 
Net book value                                                                                                                                                   0.4                    0.6 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
133
Indefinite Lives Definite Lives 
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 136 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (cont’ d) 
 
Impairment tests for goodwill and other intangible assets with indeﬁnite useful lives 
 
Goodwill and other intangible assets with indeﬁnite useful lives are allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGU”) 
identiﬁed according to geographical area and business segments. 
 
A segment-level summary of the net book value of goodwill and other intangible assets with indeﬁnite useful lives allocation 
is as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    Group 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
Goodwill:                                                                                                                                                                                   
Leisure & Hospitality - UK                                                                                                                                402.4               364.1 
Leisure & Hospitality - US                                                                                                                                   52.0                 48.0 
Property & Others - Malaysia                                                                                                                            11.6                 11.6 
                                                                                                                                                                        466.0                423.7 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    Group 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
Intangible assets other than goodwill with indeﬁnite useful lives:                                                                                             
Leisure & Hospitality - UK                                                                                                                                                                    
- casino licences                                                                                                                                         1,715.6            1,571.9 
- trademarks                                                                                                                                                     59.6                  54.0 
                                                                                                                                                                     1,775.2             1,625.9 
 
Goodwill and other intangible assets with indeﬁnite useful lives – UK 
 
(i) Goodwill and trademarks – casino business in UK 
 
Goodwill and trademarks arising from the acquisition of UK casino business is allocated to the leisure and hospitality 
segment in UK for the purposes of impairment review. The recoverable amount was determined based on the VIU method.  
Cash ﬂow projections used in this calculation were based on assumptions set out in Note 15(ii)(a).  
 
Based on the impairment test, no impairment is required for goodwill and trademarks attributed to the leisure and 
hospitality segment in UK (2022: Nil). 
 
There are no reasonably possible changes in any key assumptions used that would cause the carrying amount of this 
CGU to materially exceed the recoverable amount. 
 
(ii) Intangible assets with indeﬁnite useful lives (casino licences) – casino business in UK 
 
Intangible assets with indeﬁnite useful lives are tested for impairment at the separate CGU level. Details of the impairment 
test are set out in Note 15(ii)(a). 
 
Goodwill – US 
 
The goodwill attributable to the US CGU arose from the acquisition of Omni Center in the City of Miami, Florida, US. 
 
The Group has engaged an independent professional valuer to carry out a formal valuation of Omni Center, which includes 
a hotel and ofﬁce building, retail shops and development parcel in 2023. The recoverable amounts of the Omni Center were 
determined based on the FVLCTS of the respective properties using the income approach and are within Level 3 of the fair 
value hierarchy.  
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
134
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 137 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (cont’ d) 
 
Goodwill – US (cont’ d) 
 
Key assumptions used in deriving the fair value of the properties based on the income approach are as follows:  
 
                                                                                                                                                                    Group 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
 
Discount rates                                                                                                                                   10.0% - 10.5%  13.4% - 21.3% 
Growth rates                                                                                                                                          3.0% - 5.0%    2.0% - 17.5% 
 
Based on the impairment assessment, no impairment is required for goodwill attributed to the US CGU (2022: Nil). 
 
There are no reasonably possible changes in any of the key assumptions used that would cause the carrying amount of this 
CGU to materially exceed the recoverable amount. 
 
Goodwill – Malaysia 
 
The goodwill attributable to the Malaysia CGU arose from the acquisition of 100% equity interest in Oakwood Sdn Bhd. 
 
The goodwill arising from the acquisition of Oakwood Sdn Bhd was tested for impairment using the FVLCTS method. The FVLCTS 
was calculated based on the fair value of the property which have been determined by an independent professional valuer 
based on the market comparison approach that reﬂects the recent transaction prices for similar properties and is within Level 
2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
Based on the impairment tests, no impairment is required for goodwill attributed to the Malaysia CGU (2022: Nil). 
 
There are no reasonably possible changes in any of the key assumptions used that would cause the carrying amount of this 
CGU to materially exceed the recoverable amount. 
 
Licences with deﬁnite useful lives 
 
Included in licences as at 31 December 2023 is an amount of RM1,988.8 million (2022: RM2,008.8 million) related to the licences 
of the Group’s casino operations in New York and RM14.0 million (2022: RM13.7 million) related to casino licences of Bimini 
operations. The Group carried out the impairment assessment of the casino licences relating to the Bimini operations together 
with the Bimini Assets as disclosed in Note 15(ii)(b). 
 
The licences of the Group’s casino operations in New York of RM1,988.8 million (2022: RM2,008.8 million) has been pledged 
as collateral for the Group’s USD borrowings (Note 41). 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
135
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 138 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
19. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 
 
                                                                                                                                                                 Plant,                         
                                                                                                          Leasehold                             equipment  
                                                                                                                    land       Properties       & vehicles                Total 
Group 
Net Book Value: 
At 1 January 2023                                                                                              6.1               612.4                   9.2               627.7 
Additions                                                                                                                -                   0.6                   9.3                   9.9 
Amortisation charge for the financial year                                                    (0.1)             (85.5)               (6.1)             (91.7) 
Adjustment due to lease modifications                                                               -                 (4.1)                     -                 (4.1) 
Impairment losses                                                                                                  -                 (5.6)                     -                 (5.6) 
Exchange differences                                                                                            -                 67.4                   0.5                 67.9 
At 31 December 2023                                                                                      6.0               585.2                 12.9               604.1 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
At 31 December 2023:                                                                                                                                                                     
Cost                                                                                                                  11.7            1,101.0                 95.2            1,207.9 
Accumulated amortisation                                                                             (3.3)           (392.3)             (82.3)           (477.9) 
Accumulated impairment losses                                                                    (2.4)           (123.5)                     -             (125.9) 
Net book value                                                                                                  6.0               585.2                 12.9               604.1 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Net Book Value:                                                                                                                                                                                  
At 1 January 2022                                                                                              6.2                650.1                  14.1                670.4 
Additions                                                                                                                -                  39.5                    3.8                  43.3 
Amortisation charge for the financial year                                                    (0.1)               (72.0)                 (8.1)               (80.2) 
Adjustment due to lease modifications                                                               -                  38.2                  (0.6)                37.6 
Impairment losses                                                                                                  -                (11.5)                      -                (11.5) 
Exchange differences                                                                                            -                (31.9)                      -                (31.9) 
At 31 December 2022                                                                                        6.1                612.4                    9.2                627.7 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
At 31 December 2022:                                                                                                                                                                      
Cost                                                                                                                   11.7             1,004.0                  86.4             1,102.1 
Accumulated amortisation                                                                             (3.2)             (285.1)               (77.2)             (365.5) 
Accumulated impairment losses                                                                    (2.4)             (106.5)                      -              (108.9) 
Net book value                                                                                                  6.1                612.4                    9.2                627.7 
 
 
Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low value assets comprise IT equipment and office 
equipment. Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and all leases of low value assets are recognised on a 
straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. 
 
The right-of-use assets of casino business in UK are tested for impairment and the key assumptions are set out in Note 15(ii)(a). 
 
In the previous financial year, certain vacant leasehold properties in the UK had been tested for impairment. The VIU calculation 
was derived from projected income from the annual rental rate currently marketed for sub-let leases for those properties space. 
Based on the impairment tests, impairment losses of RM9.7 million had been recognised for ROU assets. 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
136
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 139 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
19. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (cont’ d) 
 
                                                                                                                                 Leasehold
                                                
                                                                                                                                           land       Properties                Total 
Company 
Net Book Value: 
At 1 January 2023                                                                                                                    10.8                       -                 10.8 
Additions                                                                                                                                         -                 88.3                 88.3 
Amortisation charge for the financial year                                                                                   -               (10.5)             (10.5) 
At 31 December 2023                                                                                                             10.8                 77.8                 88.6 
                                                                                                                                                          
At 31 December 2023:                                                                                                                                                                     
Cost                                                                                                                                           65.7                 88.3               154.0 
Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                   (54.9)             (10.5)             (65.4) 
Net book value                                                                                                                         10.8                 77.8                 88.6 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Net Book Value:                                                                                                                                                                                  
At 1 January 2022                                                                                                                    21.3                        -                  21.3 
Amortisation charge for the financial year                                                                           (10.5)                      -                (10.5) 
At 31 December 2022                                                                                                              10.8                        -                  10.8 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
At 31 December 2022:                                                                                                                                                                      
Cost                                                                                                                                           65.7                    0.4                  66.1 
Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                    (54.9)                 (0.4)               (55.3) 
Net book value                                                                                                                         10.8                        -                  10.8 
 
 
20. SUBSIDIARIES 
 
                                                                                                                                                                 Company 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
Investments in subsidiaries: 
Unquoted shares – at cost                                                                                                                        15,751.9          16,206.5 
Accumulated impairment losses (Note (i))                                                                                             (1,159.2)         (1,161.3) 
                                                                                                                                                                   14,592.7           15,045.2 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Amounts due from subsidiaries (Current, unsecured and interest free)                                                      85.1                 23.3 
Less: Impairment loss                                                                                                                                        (2.2)                (2.2) 
                                                                                                                                                                           82.9                  21.1 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Amounts due to subsidiaries are unsecured and comprise:                                                                                                         
Current:                                                                                                                                                                                            
Interest free (Note (ii))                                                                                                                               157.0               299.3 
Interest bearing (Note (iii))                                                                                                                                -               225.0 
                                                                                                                                                                      157.0                524.3 
Non-current:                                                                                                                                                                                     
Interest bearing (Note (iii))                                                                                                                    9,092.7            8,147.4 
                                                                                                                                                                     9,249.7             8,671.7 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
137
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 140 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
20. SUBSIDIARIES (cont’ d) 
 
During the ﬁnancial year, the Company undertook an internal restructuring exercise to streamline and simplify the shareholding 
and corporate structure within the Group and enhance the business efﬁciencies. This exercise resulted in issuance of new 
ordinary and preference shares, subscription of new ordinary and preference shares as well as the redemption of preference 
shares and capital reduction of ordinary shares by certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company. This exercise had 
no impact to the Group. These transactions were on a non-cash basis and disclosed in Note 44. 
 
Note (i) 
During the ﬁnancial year, the Company reversed previously recognised impairment losses amounting to RM8.3 million as a 
result of redemption of shares by certain subsidiaries. This is offset by impairment losses of RM6.2 million (2022: RM57.8 million) 
recognised by the Company on investments in subsidiaries that continues to incur losses and operates in the leisure and 
hospitality segment (2022: impairment losses of RM6.6 million and RM51.2 million relating to subsidiaries that operates in the 
leisure and hospitality segment and investment and others segment respectively). 
 
The recoverable amounts of these subsidiaries are determined based on FVLCTS method and are within Level 3 of the fair 
value hierarchy. 
 
Note (ii) 
Included in this amount is the interest payable on loans from GENM Capital Labuan Limited (“GCLL”) and GENM Capital 
Berhad (“GCB”), direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
Note (iii) 
Included in the non-current interest bearing amounts due to subsidiaries are: 
 
(a) Loan from Genting Worldcard Services Sdn Bhd amounting to RM250 million (2022: RM225 million) which carries interest 
rates ranging from 4.80% to 5.49% (2022: 3.44% to 4.68%) per annum. This loan was originally due in January 2023 and 
the maturity period had been extended to May 2027. Accordingly, this amount is classiﬁed as a non-current amount as 
at 31 December 2023; and 
 
(b) Loans from GCLL and GCB which carry interest rates ranging from 4.62% to 5.58% (2022: 4.62% to 5.58%) per annum. The 
maturity proﬁle of these loans as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 are as follows:  
                                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                 Company 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
 
Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                                                       1,300.0                       - 
Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                                                       2,100.0            1,300.0 
More than 5 years                                                                                                                               5,442.7            6,847.4 
                                                                                                                                                             8,842.7             8,147.4 
 
 
The subsidiaries are listed in Note 46. 
 
Details of the signiﬁcant non-cash transactions with the subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 44 to the ﬁnancial statements. 
 
The Company’s exposure to bad debts is not signiﬁcant since the subsidiaries do not have historical default risk. The Company 
also manages its credit risk by performing regular reviews of the ageing proﬁle of amounts due from subsidiaries. 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
138
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 141 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
20. SUBSIDIARIES (cont’ d) 
 
Summarised ﬁnancial inf
ormation of a subsidiary with material non-controlling interests 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the ownership interest held by non-controlling interests is 22% (2022: 22%). Set out below are the 
summarised ﬁnancial information for a subsidiary that has non-controlling interests that are material to the Group. The ﬁnancial 
information is based on amounts before inter-company eliminations. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                 BB Entertainment Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
Statement of Financial Position 
Current assets                                                                                                                                                 103.3                 93.7 
Non-current assets                                                                                                                                          759.2               752.0 
Current liabilities                                                                                                                                         (4,398.3)         (3,895.3) 
Net liabilities                                                                                                                                              (3,535.8)         (3,049.6) 
Accumulated non-controlling interests of the Group at the end of the reporting date                          (815.4)            (706.9) 
 
Income Statement                                                                                                                                                                            
Revenue for the ﬁnancial year                                                                                                                       159.6               119.2 
Loss for the ﬁnancial year                                                                                                                             (345.1)            (670.0) 
Loss for the ﬁnancial year attributable to non-controlling interests                                                             (75.9)            (147.4) 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                                                                                                            
Total comprehensive loss for the ﬁnancial year                                                                                          (493.5)            (798.9) 
Total comprehensive loss for the ﬁnancial year attributable to non-controlling interests                        (108.5)            (175.7) 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Statement of Cash Flows                                                                                                                                                                  
Cash outﬂows from operating activities                                                                                                        (51.9)              (80.1) 
Cash outﬂows from investing activities                                                                                                            (7.2)                (8.2) 
Cash inﬂows from ﬁnancing activities                                                                                                             62.0                 81.2 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                             2.9                  (7.1) 
 
 
21. ASSOCIATES 
 
                                                                                                                                                                            Group 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
 
Unquoted shares in a foreign corporation – at cost                                                                                 2,865.9            2,741.0 
Group’s share of post-acquisition reserves                                                                                                  (929.9)            (678.8) 
                                                                                                                                                                     1,936.0             2,062.2 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Amounts due from associates                                                                                                                                                          
-   Current                                                                                                                                                           92.6                 58.6 
 
 
The associates are listed in Note 46. 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the amounts due from associates of the Group of RM92.6 million (2022: RM58.6 million) and of the 
Company of RM0.1 million are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand except for amounts due from associates 
of the Group amounting to RM77.0 million (2022: RM45.5 million) that is trade in nature. 
 
(a) The Group via Sering Jaya Sdn Bhd, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, subscribed to 4 ordinary shares 
at RM1 per ordinary share each issued by AgroV Sdn Bhd (“AgroV”) and Oview Sdn Bhd (“Oview”) on 2 March 2023 and 
10 May 2023 respectively, representing 40% equity interest. The purpose of the investment is to conduct agricultural and 
agritourism business. 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
139
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 142 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
21. ASSOCIATES (cont’ d) 
 
(b) In November 2019, the Group acquired 49% interest in the Common Stock of Genting Empire Resorts LLC (“GERL”), the 
holding company of Empire Resorts, Inc. (“ERI”) for RM661.1 million (USD159.7 million). The remaining 51% interest in the 
Common Stock is owned by Kien Huat Realty III Limited (“KHR”), a related party of the Company. The acquisition was 
completed on 15 November 2019 (United States Eastern date/time) and GERL became an associate of the Group. As at 
31 December 2023 and 2022, GERL held Series H Preferred Stocks of ERI. 
 
In prior ﬁnancial years, the Group subscribed to RM1,498.4 million (USD360.0 million) of Series G Preferred Stocks and 
Series L Preferred Stocks of ERI, of which RM774.2 million (USD187.0 million) of Series L Preferred Stocks were subscribed 
during the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
In December 2022, the Group had entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Kien Huat Realty III Limited to purchase 
the entire 1,510 Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series F Preferred Stocks”) of ERI for a total consideration of RM440.2 
million (USD100.0 million). The Group's effective economic interest in ERI is 76.3% as at 31 December 2023 (2022: 76.3%). 
 
The Series F Preferred Stocks, Series L Preferred Stocks, Series H Preferred Stocks and Series G Preferred Stocks (collectively 
known as “Preferred Stocks”) directly and indirectly owned by the Group in ERI shall have the following rights: 
 
(i) Convertible at any time on or after 31 December 2030 and prior to 31 December 2038 (“Maturity Date”) at a 
conversion price of USD20 per Common Stock (for Series F , Series H and Series G Preferred Stocks) and USD10 per 
Common Stock (for Series L Preferred Stocks);  
(ii) Automatic conversion to Common Stock on Maturity Date at a price of USD20 per Common Stock (for Series F , Series 
H and Series G Preferred Stocks) and USD10 per Common Stock (for Series L Preferred Stocks); 
(iii) Entitled to receive dividends equal to (on an as-if-converted-to-Common Stock basis) and in the same form as 
dividends paid on Common Stock; and  
(iv) Entitl ed to vote together with the Common Stock on an as converted basis (for Series G and Series H Preferred Stocks) 
and entitled to vote together with the Common Stock upon conversion to Common Stock (for Series F and Series L 
Preferred Stocks). 
 
Notwithstanding the Group’s effective voting rights of more than 50% in ERI via the Group’s interest in the Common Stock 
of GERL and Series G and Series H Preferred Stocks of ERI, the Group does not have the power to direct the relevant 
activities of ERI and the ability to use the power to signiﬁcantly affect its returns. This is because majority of the board of 
directors of ERI are appointed by KHR who has the power to make decisions on the relevant activities of ERI unilaterally in 
accordance with the shareholders agreement between the Group and KHR. As a result, the voting rights held by the 
Group are assessed as not substantive. Therefore, the Group accounts for this investment as an associate under MFRS 
128 “Investments in Associates” by virtue of the governing structure of ERI. 
 
The Group has carried out an impairment assessment on the investment in associates as GERL and ERI continue to record 
losses during the ﬁnancial year. The recoverable amount of investment in associates is determined based on the VIU 
method. Cash ﬂow projections used in this calculation were based on ﬁnancial budgets approved by ERI’s management 
covering a ﬁve-year period. Cash ﬂows beyond the ﬁve-year period was extrapolated using the estimated growth rate. 
 
   Key assumptions used in the VIU calculation are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    Group 
                                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022 
 
Long term growth rate                                                                                                                             2.5%                2.2% 
Discount rate                                                                                                                                         12.0%               12.1% 
EBITDA average growth rate                                                                                                                 26.0%              25.0% 
 
Based on the impairment assessment, no impairment loss has been recognised for the investment in associates  
(2022: Nil). 
 
There are no reasonably possible changes in any of the key assumptions that would result in any impairment loss on the 
investment. 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
140
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 143 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
21. ASSOCIATES (cont’ d) 
 
In Mar
ch 2020, GERL entered into two Credit Agreements with two ﬁnancial institutions for a senior secured term loan 
facilities of USD100 million each to reﬁnance the existing indebtedness of ERI. One of the two facilities was fully repaid in 
October 2020 and the remaining facility was to be repaid in March 2022. The remaining Credit Agreement (“Credit 
Agreement”) is secured against GERL’s equity interests in ERI and Series H Preferred Stock issued by ERI as well as a second 
lien security interest pursuant to collaterals under the Bridge Loan Facility of ERI. It also beneﬁts from a keepwell deed 
(“Keepwell Deed”) from the Company and KHR that is effective for as long as the facility is outstanding. Pursuant to the 
Keepwell Deed that provides among other undertaking, the Company undertakes that (a) it shall at all times effectively 
have, directly or indirectly, at least a 49% interest in the common shares of GERL, (b) it shall ensure that GERL’s consolidated 
net worth as of the last day of each ﬁscal quarter be at least USD100 million, (c) the Company or its subsidiaries shall 
enter into a management agreement to manage ERI, and (d) the Company and KHR also undertakes that they shall 
together, directly or indirectly, own not less than 100% of the outstanding voting and economic equity interests of GERL. 
In addition, the Company shall ensure that GERL conducts business in accordance with sound ﬁnancial practices, 
maintaining a sound ﬁnancial position and is able to make timely payment required under the remaining Credit 
Agreement. 
 
In March 2021, ERI entered into the First Lien Credit Agreement (“1st Lien Loan”) and Second Lien Term Loan Agreement 
(“2nd Lien Loan”) in an aggregate amount of USD390 million with a syndicate of banks and investors to reﬁnance the 
Bridge Loan Facility and to fund ﬁnancing related fees and expenses. The maturity date for the 1st Lien Loan and 2nd 
Lien Loan is 31 October 2021 and 23 February 2022, respectively. 
 
In October 2021, ERI completed the issuance of a USD300 million 7.75% 5-year Senior Secured Notes due in November 
2026 (“Bond”). The proceeds from the Bond and the abovementioned equity injection from Series L Preferred Stocks were 
utilised to fully repay the 1st Lien Loan and 2nd Lien Loan, including a partial paydown of the Credit Agreement obtained 
by GERL and to fund ﬁnancing related fees and expenses. The Credit Agreement obtained by GERL with the current 
outstanding principal of USD60 million (2022: USD75 million), originally due to mature in March 2022, has also been 
extended to October 2024. 
 
The Keepwell Deed was extended to October 2024 following the extension of the Credit Agreement. The obligations of 
the Company and KHR under the Keepwell Deed do not constitute a guarantee of any kind, and neither the Company 
nor KHR shall be under any obligation to make any payment under the Credit Agreement. 
 
As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the consolidated net worth of ERI and GERL is more than USD100 million.  
 
There are no capital commitment and contingent liability relating to Group’s interest in associates at the reporting date. 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
141
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 144 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
21. ASSOCIATES (cont’ d) 
 
The following table summarises the ﬁnancial information for the associate that is material to the Group which is accounted for 
using equity method, including fair value adjustments and adjustments for differences in accounting policy:                     
 
                                                                                                                                                                               ERI 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
Summarised statement of ﬁnancial position as at 31 December 
Current assets                                                                                                                                                 244.7                275.5 
Non-current assets                                                                                                                                       3,574.1            3,502.3 
Current liabilities                                                                                                                                            (362.7)            (280.8) 
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                                 (2,273.5)         (2,114.1) 
Net assets                                                                                                                                                    1,182.6             1,382.9 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Summarised income statement from the year ended 31 December                                                                                           
Revenue                                                                                                                                                       1,332.8             1,176.0 
Loss for the year                                                                                                                                            (261.6)             (192.5) 
Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                                                                         (261.6)            (192.5) 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Reconciliation of net assets to carrying amount as at 31 December                                                                                           
Net assets as at 1 January                                                                                                                         1,382.9             1,494.7 
Loss for the year                                                                                                                                            (261.6)             (192.5) 
Foreign currency exchange differences                                                                                                         61.3                 80.7 
Net assets as at 31 December                                                                                                                 1,182.6             1,382.9 
 
 
Group’s effective interest                                                                                                                               76.3%              76.3% 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Group’s share in net assets                                                                                                                            902.1            1,054.9 
Goodwill                                                                                                                                                          747.6                716.7 
Carrying amount as at 31 December                                                                                                     1,649.7             1,771.6 
 
 
Set out below are the ﬁnancial information of all individually immaterial associates on an aggregate basis that are accounted 
for using the equity method: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                            Group 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
 
Carrying amounts of interests in associates                                                                                                 286.3               290.6 
Share of associates’ loss for the ﬁnancial year                                                                                              (17.4)              (20.0) 
Share of associates’ other comprehensive income                                                                                             -                       - 
Share of associates’ total comprehensive loss for the ﬁnancial year                                                          (17.4)              (20.0) 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
142
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 145 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
22. JOINT VENTURE 
 
                                                                    Group 
                                                                      2023       2022 
Unquoted shares in a Malaysian 
corporation – at cost                                     42.8         42.8 
Group’s share of post-acquisition 
reserves                                                           (1.1)             * 
                                                                          41.7         42.8 
 
 
The joint venture is listed in Note 46. 
 
The following table summarises the financial information for 
the joint venture, Genting Xintiandi Sdn Bhd (“GXSB”), which 
is accounted for using the equity method: 
 
                                                                      GXSB 
                                                                      2023       2022 
Summarised statement of 
financial position as at 31 December                  
Current assets                                                     1.0           1.1 
Non-current assets                                         103.2        106.1 
Net assets                                                       104.2       107.2 
 
 
Summarised income statement 
for the year ended 31 December                                         
Revenue                                                                 *              * 
Loss for the year                                                (3.0)        (0.2) 
Total comprehensive loss for the year            (3.0)        (0.2) 
 
Reconciliation of net assets to 
carrying amount as at 31 December                                   
Net assets as at 1 January                           107.2       107.4 
Loss for the year                                                (3.0)        (0.2) 
Net assets as at 31 December                    104.2       107.2 
 
 
Group’s effective interest                                 40%          40% 
        
Group’s share in net assets                             41.7         42.8 
Carrying amount as at 31 December          41.7         42.8 
 
 
* less than RM0.1 million 
 
There are no capital commitment and contingent liability 
relating to the Group’s interest in joint venture at the reporting 
date. 
 
23. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
                                    Group                  Company 
                                      2023       2022        2023        2022 
Unquoted                                                                                   
Equity investments in 
foreign corporations 
(Note (i))                       69.4        66.3                -               - 
Equity investments in 
Malaysian  
corporations                    1.6          1.6            1.6           1.6 
                                       71.0         67.9            1.6           1.6 
 
 
The Group and the Company have irrevocably elected to 
classify the equity investments in foreign corporations and 
Malaysian corporations at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (“FVOCI”). The Group and the 
Company consider this classification to be more relevant as 
these investments are held as long term strategic investments 
and are not held for trading purpose.  
 
Included in equity investments in Malaysian corporations of 
the Group is a 50% equity investment of RM1 held in trust for 
a third party which the Group has no beneficial interest. 
 
Note (i) 
Unquoted equity investments in foreign corporations are 
measured at fair value at each reporting date based on 
discounted cash flow analysis. As the investments are 
unquoted, the fair value cannot be obtained directly from 
quoted market price or indirectly using valuation techniques 
supported by observable market data.  
 
The Group derived the fair value of the investment in a foreign 
corporation using the discounted cash flow analysis and the 
key assumptions used are as follows 
 
                                                                     Group 
                                                                      2023       2022 
 
Growth rate                                                      2.5%        2.0% 
Discount rate                                                 11.0%       11.0% 
 
Based on the assessment, there is no material change in the 
fair value during the financial year (2022: Nil).  
 
There are no reasonably possible changes in any of the key 
assumptions used that would cause additional material fair 
value changes to be recognised on the investment.  
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
143
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 146 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
24. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR 
LOSS 
 
                                     Group                  Company 
                                      2023       2022        2023        2022 
 
Income funds in a 
Malaysian 
corporation 
(Note (i))                       50.3              -          50.3               - 
Debt securities in a 
Malaysian 
corporation 
(Note (ii))                             -      119.0                -                - 
                                       50.3       119.0          50.3               -   
Analysed as follows:                                                                  
Non-current                   50.3       119.0          50.3               - 
 
 
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss are recognised in other gains/(losses) 
in the profit or loss as applicable. 
 
Note (i) 
The fair value of income funds in a Malaysian corporation is 
determined based on the fair value of the underlying net 
assets. 
 
Note (ii) 
The preference shares carried a cumulative, non-
compounding fixed dividend of 5% per annum and are 
subordinated to loan facilities undertaken by the issuer. The 
preference shares are redeemable in two equal tranches on 
the 8th and 9th anniversary of the issue date which can be 
extended by the issuer. However, the issuer may elect the 
following options prior to the 8th anniversary of the issue 
date: 
 
(a)  to extend the tenure of the preference shares by 1, 2 or 
3 years from their original tenure stated above, where 
the preferential dividend rate applicable during the said 
extended tenure shall be at the rate of 1% above the 
fixed preferential dividend rate; or 
 
(b)  subject to the issuer being solvent at the time of the 
redemption of the preference shares, the issuer may at 
any time after the date of issuance of the preference 
shares and before the maturity date redeem any or all 
of the preference shares at the subscription price.  
 
In August 2019, the issuer had extended the tenure of the 
outstanding preference shares by 3 years, from the expiry of 
the original tenure of 3 August 2020. The tenure of the 
outstanding preference shares had been further extended 
for another 2 years to 3 August 2025, as approved by at least 
75% of the preference shareholders in November 2021. 
 
On 29 December 2023, the issuer early redeemed the 
outstanding preference shares held by the Group. 
 
 
The fair value of the unquoted debt securities in a Malaysian 
corporation is measured at each reporting date based on 
discounted cash flow analysis. As at 31 December 2022, the 
key assumption used to derive at the fair value was a 
discount rate of 3.98%. 
 
25. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
                                             Group                    Company 
                                Notional/        Fair       Notional/      Fair 
                                 Contract       Value      Contract     Value 
                                   Value       Liabilities     Value     Liabilities  
2023 
Not designated 
as hedges 
Forward foreign 
currency 
exchange 
contracts                              
- USD                                   -                -                 -              - 
                                                                 
Analysed as  
follows:                                                                                    
Current                                              -                               - 
                                                
2022                                                          
Not designated 
as hedges                                             
Forward 
foreign  
currency  
exchange  
contracts                                               
-USD                              89.0            4.0            89.0          4.0 
                                                                 
Analysed as 
follows:                                                                                     
Current                                          4.0                             4.0 
 
 
Forward foreign currency exchange contracts 
The Group and Company entered into forward foreign 
currency exchange contracts to hedge its exposure to 
foreign currency risk on interest payable on the US dollar-
denominated loans that are expected to be repaid within 
the next 12 months.  
                                                                 
The forward foreign currency exchange contracts are not 
designated as hedges and the changes in the fair value of 
these forward contracts are recognised as other gains/losses 
in the income statement. 
 
As at 31 December 2023, there is no outstanding forward 
foreign currency exchange contract.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
144
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 147 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
26. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS  
 
                                       Gr
oup                Company 
                                       2023        2022       2023        2022 
 
Promissory notes –  
unquoted (Note (i))             -               -               -               - 
Prepayments                     26.1         26.3          0.4            0.4 
Long term lease  
prepayment                      6.4           6.9               -               - 
Lease receivables  
(Note (ii))                      323.1       303.9               -               - 
                                      355.6       337.1          0.4            0.4 
  
Note (i) 
 
                                                                    Group 
                                                                    2023         2022 
Non-current:                                                                              
Principal                                                  1,531.8      1,464.1 
Interest receivable                                        383.5         383.5 
                                                                   1,915.3      1,847.6 
Less: Impairment loss                             (1,915.3)   (1,847.6) 
                                                                               -                 - 
  
The movements of provision for impairment losses on 
investment in promissory notes are as follows: 
 
                                                                    Group 
                                                                    2023         2022 
 
At 1 January                                              1,847.6      1,847.6 
Reclassification from trade and 
other receivables (Note 28)                        67.7                 - 
At 31 December                                        1,915.3      1,847.6 
  
The Group subscribed to the promissory notes (“notes”) 
issued by Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe (“the Tribe”) between 
2012 to 2020 to finance the pre-development expenses of a 
destination resort casino in Taunton, Massachusetts, United 
States of America. The notes carried fixed interest rates of 12% 
and 18% per annum.  
 
On 5 July 2022, the notes carried at fixed interest rate of 18% 
per annum had been revised to 12% per annum effective 
from initial issuance of the notes to 30 April 2022. 
Subsequently, interest rate on all notes held by the Group 
have been reduced to 7% per annum with interest waiver 
granted for the period from 1 May 2022 until opening of the 
gaming facility. 
 
On 21 December 2023, the Group has converted RM67.7 
million (equivalent to USD14.8 million) of the amount due 
from the Tribe to notes with the same terms as the existing 
notes. The amount due from the Tribe has been fully impaired 
in view of the uncertainty of recovery as described below.
The recoverability of the notes is dependent on the outcome 
of the pending legal case and/or review by the relevant 
government authority as well as any other options which 
allow the Tribe to have land in trust for a destination resort 
casino development. This has affected the ability of the Tribe 
to proceed with the development, which cash flows are 
expected to facilitate the repayment of the notes when the 
casino commences operations.  
 
In September 2018, the US Federal Government issued a 
decision concluding that the Tribe did not satisfy the 
conditions under the Indian Reorganisation Act that allow 
the Tribe to have the land in trust for an integrated gaming 
resort development. In view of the uncertainty of recovery of 
the notes following the decision by US Federal Government 
above, the Group had fully impaired the investment in the 
notes (including accrued interest) since 2018.  
 
In December 2021, the US Federal Government issued a 
decision confirming that the Tribe is allowed to have the land 
in trust for an integrated gaming resort development under 
the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act. The decision represents 
the conclusion of the US Federal Government’s review of the 
Tribe’s appeal and the Tribe can now move forward with the 
development of an integrated gaming resort.  
 
The Tribe is detailing the project and financing plans. The 
impairment loss can be reversed when the promissory notes 
are assessed to be recoverable. 
 
Note (ii) 
 
Lease receivables represent finance lease arrangement 
under MFRS 16 “Leases” and the maturity analysis is as follow: 
 
                                                                    Group 
                                                                    2023         2022 
Lease receivables:                                                                    
- Less than 1 year                                           28.4            11.5 
- Between 1 and 2 years                                28.1            26.8 
- Between 2 and 3 years                                28.2            26.8 
- Between 3 and 4 years                                28.4            27.0 
- Between 4 and 5 years                                28.6            27.0 
- Over 5 years                                            1,620.4       1,575.9 
Total undiscounted lease payments 
receivable                                               1,762.1      1,695.0 
Less: Unearned finance income            (1,418.0)    (1,380.8) 
                                                                      344.1         314.2 
 
Present value of minimum lease  
payments receivable:                                                            
Current                                                            21.0           10.3 
Non-current                                                  323.1          303.9 
                                                                      344.1         314.2 
 
In 2022, the Group entered into a finance lease arrangement 
with ERI which include building improvements previously 
classified as investment properties amounting to RM217.3 
million. Included in lease receivables as at 31 December 
2023 is an amount due from ERI of RM326.0 million (2022: 
RM296.4 million).
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
145
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 148 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
27. INVENTORIES 
 
The Group’s inventories comprise the following: 
 
Completed properties 
 
The cost of unsold completed properties comprises cost 
associated with the acquisition of land, direct costs and an 
appropriate proportion of allocated costs attributable to 
property development activities. 
 
Food, beverage, tobacco, stores and spares, retail stocks 
and other hotel supplies 
 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value. Cost includes, where relevant, appropriate proportions 
of overheads and is determined on a weighted average 
basis. 
 
                                     Group                  Company 
                                      2023       2022        2023        2022 
 
Food, beverage,  
tobacco and other  
hotel supplies                46.1        47.8          20.0         23.6 
Stores, spares and  
retail stocks                  109.9         79.7          91.0         62.7 
Completed  
properties                      23.1         23.1                -                - 
                                       179.1       150.6        111.0         86.3 
  
28. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 
 
                                     Group                  Company 
                                      2023       2022        2023        2022 
 
Trade receivables            76.3        75.4          16.9         21.9 
Other receivables         127.9       198.4          17.3         34.2 
Less: Impairment  
losses on 
receivables                    (4.7)     (62.7)         (0.9)        (0.8) 
                                       199.5       211.1          33.3         55.3 
Tax recoverable               63.4      109.2          49.8         88.8 
Deposits                           52.2         38.0          15.5         15.8 
Prepayments                 247.8       182.0        103.7         82.2 
Contract assets  
(Note 42)                       49.0           1.8                -                - 
                                       611.9       542.1        202.3       242.1 
 
During the financial year, the impairment losses of RM6.7 
million (2022: RM48.1 million) mainly relates to other 
receivables in the United States of America. These receivables 
are not secured by any collateral. 
 
The movements of provision for impairment losses on 
receivables are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                       Group                  Company 
                                      2023       2022        2023        2022 
 
At 1 January                    62.7        13.7            0.8           0.2 
Provision of  
impairment losses        6.7         48.1            0.1           0.6 
Reversal of  
impairment losses       (0.1)       (0.7)               -               - 
Reclassification to  
other non-current  
assets (Note 26)        (67.7)             -                -                - 
Exchange differences      3.1           1.6                -                - 
At 31 December                4.7         62.7            0.9           0.8 
  
29. HOLDING COMPANY AND RELATED COMPANIES  
 
The Directors of the Company regard Genting Berhad, a 
company incorporated in Malaysia, as its immediate and 
ultimate holding company notwithstanding Genting 
Berhad’s shareholding of less than 50% in the Company as 
Genting Berhad has control within the deﬁnition of “control” 
as set out in MFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements” 
over the Company by virtue of its ability to manage the 
ﬁnancial and operating policies of the Company pursuant 
to a 30-year Resort Management Agreement (“RMA”) 
entered into in 1989 between the Company and Genting 
Berhad’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Genting Hotel & Resorts 
Management Sdn Bhd (“GHRM”). The RMA, which cannot be 
unilaterally terminated by either party (except in limited 
circumstances, generally relating to default by a party 
continuing after a cure period or insolvency related events 
affecting a party), is renewable under the original terms and 
conditions at the end of the original term for 3 consecutive 
terms of 20 years each. In 2019, GHRM has renewed the RMA 
for a further 20 years to 2039. Under the RMA, GHRM is 
appointed as the operator and manager of the gaming, 
hotel and resort-related operations (“Resort”) of the 
Company, which includes the supply of senior management 
and other personnel deemed necessary or appropriate by 
GHRM for the operation of the Resort. A fee based on the 
gross revenue and the net operating income before ﬁxed 
charges and taxation of the Resort is payable by the 
Company to GHRM for services under the RMA. In addition, 
Genting Berhad is the single largest shareholder of the 
Company with all other shareholders having dispersed 
shareholdings.  
 
The amount due to holding company represents outstanding 
balances arising mainly from management fees payable 
and licensing services and is unsecured, interest free and has 
no ﬁxed terms of repayment. 
 
The amounts due from/to related companies are unsecured, 
interest free and have no ﬁxed terms of repayment. As at 31 
December 2022, an amount due to a related company of 
RM11.4 million for the purchase of building improvements 
and repayable over the next 4 years was fully repaid during 
the ﬁnancial year. 
 
In the previous ﬁnancial year, the Group had recorded 
impairment losses amounting to RM10.2 million for certain 
amounts due from related companies. There was no 
impairment losses recorded in the current ﬁnancial year.  
The carrying amounts of the amounts due from/to holding 
company and related companies approximate their fair 
values. 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
146
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 149 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
30. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
                                                                                                                              Gr
oup                                  Company 
                                                                                                                2023               2022               2023               2022 
 
Money market instruments and deposits with licenced banks              1,185.8               902.3               805.4                659.9 
Cash and bank balances                                                                         2,699.7             2,142.0            1,052.4                546.9 
Bank balances, money market instruments and deposits with  
licenced banks                                                                                        3,885.5             3,044.3            1,857.8             1,206.8 
Less: Restricted cash                                                                                        (0.6)                (0.6)                      -                        - 
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      3,884.9            3,043.7            1,857.8             1,206.8 
 
 
Bank balances of the Group and the Company are deposits held at call. 
 
Investment in money market instruments comprises money market deposits. The deposits of the Group and the Company 
have maturity periods ranging between 14 and 90 days (2022: 7 and 36 days) and 14 and 31 days (2022: 17 and 31 days) 
respectively. 
 
As at the reporting date, deposits totalling RM50.1 million (2022: RM56.1 million) (“Funds”) are held in trust for certain 
subsidiaries by the Company. The Company acts as the Group Treasury and as such manages the Funds on behalf of its 
subsidiaries. As the respective subsidiaries retain the legal and beneficial ownership of these Funds and the subsidiaries can 
utilise these Funds without any restriction, these Funds are recorded in the financial statements of the respective subsidiaries. 
 
As at 31 December 2022, deposits with licenced banks of the Group and the Company amounting to RM374.0 million were 
pledged as collateral for the Company’s revolving credit facility (Note 41). This revolving credit was fully settled during the 
financial year. 
 
Restricted cash relates to funds under the control of the Group placed with a licenced bank which will be utilised for certain 
qualified expenses.  
 
31. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Group 
                                                                                                                                                                                 2023 
 
Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                                      
Property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                                                                                                     304.1 
Investment properties (Note 17)                                                                                                                                 1,103.0 
                                                                                                                                                                                      1,407.1 
    
 
As at 31 December 2023, the assets classiﬁed as held for sale consists of properties owned by Resorts World Miami LLC under 
the property segment in the US and the Group’s UK subsidiary under the leisure and hospitality segment in the UK. Efforts to 
dispose the properties have commenced via appointments of property brokers and are expected to be completed within 12 
months from the reporting date. 
 
32. SHARE CAPITAL 
 
                                                                                                                                                      Group/Company 
                                                                                                                       No. of 
                                                                                                                  ordinary shares                               Amount 
                                                                                                                      (in million) 
                                                                                                             2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Issued and fully paid at beginning/end of financial year:                                                                                                            
Ordinary shares with no par value                                                        5,938.0            5,938.0                1,764.5            1,764.5 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
147
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 150 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
33. RESERVES 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Reserve on exchange differences                                                        2,466.0            1,861.2                           -                        - 
Fair value reserve                                                                                       (83.9)               (83.9)                          -                       - 
Employee Share Scheme (“ESS”) reserve (Note (i))                                       -                    4.0                           -                    4.0 
Retained earnings                                                                                 9,616.6           10,034.6              13,497.7          13,668.8 
                                                                                                              11,998.7           11,815.9              13,497.7          13,672.8 
 
Note (i) 
The ESS reserve relates to the performance-based Employee Share Scheme of the Company, as disclosed in Note 35. This 
reserve is made up of the estimated fair value of the shares granted based on the cumulative services received from executive 
directors and employees over the vesting period. 
 
34. TREASURY SHARES 
 
At the Forty-Third Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 31 May 2023, the shareholders of the Company approved 
the renewal of the authority for the Company to purchase its own shares of up to 10% of the issued and paid-up share capital 
of the Company. 
 
A purchase by the Company of its own equity shares is accounted for under the treasury stock method. Under this method, 
the shares purchased and held as treasury shares is measured and carried at the cost of purchase (including any directly 
attributable incremental external costs, net of tax). On presentation in the statement of ﬁnancial position, the carrying amount 
of the treasury shares is offset against equity. Where treasury shares are distributed as share dividends, the cost of the treasury 
shares is applied in the reduction of the distributable reserves, or both. Where treasury shares are reissued by re-sale in the  
open market, the difference between the sales consideration and the carrying amount of the treasury shares is shown as a 
movement in equity. As treasury shares, the rights attached to voting, dividends and participation in other distribution are 
suspended. 
 
During the ﬁnancial year, 2.6 million (2022: 12.0 million) treasury shares amounting to RM8.8 million (2022: RM41.4 million) 
have been transferred to the Eligible Employees under the Employee Share Scheme pursuant to Section 127(7)(c) of the 
Companies Act 2016.  
 
As at 31 December 2023, of the total 5,938,044,648 (2022: 5,938,044,648) issued and fully paid ordinary shares, 270,302,915 
(2022: 272,838,059) are held as treasury shares by the Company. As at 31 December 2023, the number of outstanding ordinary 
shares in issue after the set off is therefore 5,667,741,733 (2022: 5,665,206,589) ordinary shares. 
 
                                                                              Total 
                                                                                shares                     Total 
                                                                            purchased         consideration         Highest            Lowest           Average 
                                                                                in units                    paid                   Price                Price              Price* 
                                                                               ‘million               RM million                RM                   RM                  RM 
 
Group/Company 
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                 
At 1 January 2023                                                       272.9                     944.5                                                                  3.46 
Shares vested under ESS                                               (2.6)                      (8.8)                 5.55                 2.08                 3.45 
At 31 December 2023                                                 270.3                     935.7                                                                  3.46 
 
 
2022 
At 1 January 2022                                                       284.9                      985.9                                                                      3.46 
Shares vested under ESS                                             (12.0)                     (41.4)                  5.55                  2.08                  3.45 
At 31 December 2022                                                 272.9                      944.5                                                                      3.46 
 
 
*Average price includes stamp duty, brokerage and clearing fees.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
148
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 151 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
35. EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEME (“ESS”)  
 
T
he Group’s ESS is administered by a share trust which is consolidated in the Group’s ﬁnancial statements. Shares held by the 
trust and yet to be issued to employees at the end of the reporting date are shown as shares held for ESS. On presentation in 
the statement of ﬁnancial position, the carrying amount of the shares held for ESS is offset against equity. 
 
On 27 February 2018, the Company established and implemented an Employee Share Scheme (“Scheme”) which was in 
force for a period of 6 years. The Scheme comprises a performance share plan (“PSP”) and a restricted share plan (“RSP”). 
Eligible employees and executive directors of the Company and its subsidiaries (other than subsidiaries which are dormant 
or incorporated outside Malaysia) (collectively known as “Eligible Employees”) will be awarded ordinary shares in the Company 
without any consideration payable by them subject to them fulﬁlling certain vesting conditions (“Scheme Shares”). 
 
The salient features of the Scheme are as follows: 
 
a. The Remuneration Committee (appointed by the Board of Directors to administer the Scheme) will have the discretion in 
administering the Scheme, including determining the number of Sc heme Shares to be allocated in each grant and 
prescribing the vesting conditions. The Remuneration Committee may, at any time and from time to time during the 
duration of the Scheme, make one or more offers to the Eligible Employees. 
 
b. For the purposes of procuring the Scheme Shares to be made available under the Scheme, the Company shall transfer 
any of the treasury shares held by it pursuant to Section 127 of the Companies Act 2016 and/or acquire the necessary 
number of shares from the open market and transfer the shares to the Eligible Employees at such times as the 
Remuneration Committee shall direct, in accordance with the Companies Act 2016 and Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad 
Main Market Listing Requirements. 
 
c. The maximum number of Scheme Shares which may be made available under the Scheme shall not exceed 3% of the 
issued and paid-up ordinary share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) at any point of time during the 
duration of the Scheme (“Maximum Scheme Shares Available”). 
 
d. The allocation to an Eligible Employee who, either singly or collectively through persons connected with the Eligible 
Employees, holds 20% or more of the issued and paid-up ordinary share capital of the Company (excluding treasury 
shares), shall not exceed 10% of the Maximum Scheme Shares Available.  
 
e. The Scheme Shares to be transferred to the Eligible Employees pursuant to the Scheme upon vesting thereof shall rank 
equally in all respects with the then existing issued ordinary shares of the Company. The Eligible Employees shall not be 
entitled to any dividend, right, allotment, entitlement and/or any other distribution attached to the Scheme Shares prior 
to the date on which the Scheme Shares are credited into the Eligible Employees’ respective Central Depository System 
Accounts. 
 
f. The Scheme Shares granted will be vested to the Eligible Employees, on their respective vesting dates, provided the vesting 
conditions and performance targets (“Vesting Conditions”) as stipulated by the Remuneration Committee have been 
met. 
 
g. The vesting of the Scheme Shares may also be settled by way of cash at the absolute discretion of the Remuneration 
Committee. In the case of settlement by way of cash, the value of the Scheme Shares vested will be determined based 
on the volume weighted average market price of the shares for the 5 market days immediately preceding the vesting 
date.  
 
The movement of the Scheme Shares granted under the Scheme during the ﬁnancial year is as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                              Ordinary shares 
                                                            Fair value                 At 1                                                                                      At 31 
                                                               at grant          January                                                                             December 
                                                                    date                2023          Granted            Vested           Lapsed                2023 
                                                                       RM                 ‘000                 ‘000                 ‘000                 ‘000                 ‘000 
2020 Grant: 
PSP (Note (i))                                                1.74               586.7                       -             (582.3)               (4.4)                     - 
RSP (Note (ii))                                               1.58            1,966.9                       -          (1,952.8)             (14.1)                     - 
                                                                                            2,553.6                       -          (2,535.1)             (18.5)                     - 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
149
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 152 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
35. EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEME (“ESS”) (cont’ d) 
 
The movement of the Scheme Shares granted under the Scheme during the ﬁnancial year is as follows: (cont’ d) 
 
                                                                                                                                    Ordinary shares 
                                                               Fair value                  At 1                                                                                          At 31 
                                                                  at grant           January                                                                                December 
                                                                        date                 2022           Granted             Vested            Lapsed                 2022 
                                                                       RM                  ‘000                  ‘000                  ‘000                  ‘000                  ‘000 
2020 Grant:                                                                                                                                                                                        
PSP (Note (i))                                                1.74             1,993.7                        -           (1,220.6)             (186.4)              586.7 
RSP (Note (ii))                                               1.58             2,143.7                        -                        -              (176.8)           1,966.9 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
2019 Grant:                                                                                                                                                                                        
PSP (Note (iii))                                              3.21             4,366.3                        -           (4,283.4)               (82.9)                      - 
RSP (Note (iv))                                              3.11             4,391.5                        -           (4,301.0)               (90.5)                      - 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
2018 Grant:                                                                                                                                                                                        
RSP (Note (v))                                               4.95             2,249.8                        -           (2,208.0)               (41.8)                      - 
                                                                                        15,145.0                        -         (12,013.0)             (578.4)           2,553.6 
 
Note (i) 
Upon fulfilment of the Vesting Conditions, the Scheme Shares granted under PSP shall be vested equally over three instalments 
on a market day falling in March 2021, March 2022 and March 2023. The 2020 Grant has been fully vested as at 31 December 
2023. 
 
Note (ii) 
Upon fulfilment of the Vesting Conditions, the Scheme Shares granted under RSP shall be vested on a market day falling in 
March 2023. The 2020 Grant has been fully vested as at 31 December 2023. 
 
Note (iii) 
Upon fulfilment of the Vesting Conditions, the Scheme Shares granted under PSP shall be vested equally over three instalments 
on a market day falling in March 2020, March 2021 and March 2022. The 2019 Grant had fully vested as at 31 December 2022. 
 
Note (iv) 
Upon fulfilment of the Vesting Conditions, the Scheme Shares granted under RSP shall be vested on a market day falling in 
March 2022. The 2019 Grant had fully vested as at 31 December 2022. 
 
Note (v) 
Upon fulfilment of the Vesting Conditions, the Scheme Shares granted under RSP shall be vested on a market day falling in 
March 2022. The 2018 Grant had fully vested as at 31 December 2022. 
  
The fair value of the Scheme Shares granted was estimated using a Monte Carlo Simulation model, taking into account the 
terms and conditions under which the Scheme Shares were granted. The key assumptions used in the model are as follows: 
 
                                                                                         PSP                                                                 RSP 
                                                                       2020                2019               2018                  2020                 2019                 2018 
                                                                      Grant               Grant              Grant                Grant               Grant               Grant 
Closing market price at grant date 
(RM)                                                              2.10                  3.42                5.24                   2.10                  3.42                  5.24 
Expected volatility (%)                                  39.85                32.51              17.25                 39.85                32.51                17.25 
Expected dividend yield (%)                          9.52                  3.22                1.95                   9.52                  3.22                  1.95 
Risk free rate (%)                                           2.59 –               3.36 –              3.11 –                  2.78                  3.50                  3.40 
                                                                        2.78                 3.50                3.40 
 
The expected volatility is based on average historical volatility over 3 years on a monthly basis.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
150
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 153 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
36. OTHER LONG TERM LIABILITIES 
 
                                                                                                                                                                            Gr
oup 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
 
Provision for onerous lease (Note (i))                                                                                                                4.2                   4.3 
Government grant (Note (ii))                                                                                                                            1.7                        - 
                                                                                                                                                                             5.9                    4.3 
 
 
Note (i) 
As at 31 December 2023, the provision for onerous lease relates to service and maintenance charges for a property which is 
no longer used for trading. The lease expires in 7.5 years (2022: 8.5 years). The costs have been discounted at a rate of 10%. 
 
The movements of the provision for onerous lease are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                            Group 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
 
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                        5.2                       - 
Charged to proﬁt or loss                                                                                                                                    0.5                    5.3 
Paid during the ﬁnancial year                                                                                                                          (1.2)                      - 
Exchange differences                                                                                                                                         0.6                  (0.1) 
At 31 December                                                                                                                                                  5.1                   5.2 
 
 
Analysed as follows:                                                                                                                                                                          
Current                                                                                                                                                                 0.9                   0.9 
Non-current                                                                                                                                                         4.2                    4.3 
                                                                                                                                                                             5.1                    5.2 
 
Note (ii) 
The government grant was received from the Monetary Authority of Singapore in relation to the Group’s Senior Unsecured 
Notes that is listed in the Singapore Exchange. The carrying amount of the grant is amortised over the repayment term of the 
Senior Unsecured Notes and recognised as income in the income statement. 
 
37. DEFERRED TAXATION 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current 
tax liabilities and when the deferred taxes relate to the same tax authority. The following amounts, determined after appropriate 
offsetting, are shown in the statements of ﬁnancial position: 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
Deferred tax assets: 
- subject to income tax                                                                               43.2                  29.4                           -                        - 
                                                                                                                              
Deferred tax liabilities:                                                                                                                                                                       
- subject to income tax                                                                           (982.1)            (804.2)                (387.5)            (268.8) 
- subject to Real Property Gain Tax (“RPGT”)                                           (14.9)               (15.3)                          -                       - 
                                                                                                                  (997.0)            (819.5)                (387.5)            (268.8) 
Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                        (953.8)            (790.1)                (387.5)            (268.8) 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
151
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 154 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
37. DEFERRED TAXATION (cont’ d) 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
At 1 January                                                                                             (790.1)            (577.7)                (268.8)              (45.5) 
(Charged)/credited to proﬁt or loss (Note 12):                                                                                                                              
-  Property, plant and equipment, investment properties 
and intangible assets                                                                             49.3              (135.0)                  (53.9)            (252.4) 
-  Provisions                                                                                                   (0.5)                  4.8                           -                    5.0 
-  Unutilised tax losses                                                                              (170.0)             (115.8)                  (69.6)                19.9 
-  Others                                                                                                         1.6                    5.7                       4.8                    4.2 
 
                                                                                                                  (119.6)            (240.3)                (118.7)            (223.3) 
 
(Charged)/credited to other comprehensive income: 
-  Retirement beneﬁt                                                                                          -                   0.8                           -                        - 
Exchange differences                                                                                (44.1)                27.1                           -                        - 
At 31 December                                                                                       (953.8)            (790.1)                (387.5)            (268.8) 
 
 
Subject to income tax: 
(i) Deferred tax assets (before offsetting)                                                                                                                                      
-   Property, plant and equipment                                                        55.3                  39.3                           -                        - 
-  Provisions                                                                                            60.8                  61.1                     59.8                  59.8 
-  Unutilised tax losses                                                                           31.9                141.6                     26.1                  95.7 
-  Others                                                                                                 88.8                  81.4                     81.3                  76.5 
 
                                                                                                       236.8                323.4                   167.2               232.0 
-   Offsetting                                                                                        (193.6)             (294.0)                (167.2)            (232.0) 
   Deferred tax assets (after offsetting)                                                    43.2                  29.4                           -                        - 
 
 
(ii) Deferred tax liabilities (before offsetting) 
-   Property, plant and equipment, investment properties 
   and intangible assets                                                               (1,175.7)         (1,096.1)                (554.7)            (500.8) 
-  Others                                                                                                        -                  (2.1)                          -                       - 
 
                                                                                                   (1,175.7)         (1,098.2)                (554.7)            (500.8) 
-   Offsetting                                                                                          193.6               294.0                   167.2               232.0 
   Deferred tax liabilities (after offsetting)                                            (982.1)             (804.2)                (387.5)            (268.8) 
 
 
Subject to RPGT: 
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                                        
- Investment properties                                                                              (14.9)              (15.3)                          -                       - 
 
 
With regards to MFRS 112 “Income Taxes”, tax beneﬁts from investment tax allowance and customised incentive granted 
under the East Coast Economic Region are recognised when the tax credit is utilised and no deferred tax asset is recognised 
on the unutilised tax beneﬁts. The Group will continue to recognise in proﬁt or loss on the tax credits arising from the Group’s 
unutilised Investment Tax Allowance of RM867.5 million (2022: RM919.0 million) and the Company’s unutilised customised 
incentive granted under the East Coast Economic Region of RM276.6 million (2022: RM953.3 million) as and when they are 
utilised.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
152
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 155 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
37. DEFERRED TAXATION (cont’d) 
 
The amount of unutilised tax losses and deductible temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset is recognised in the 
Group’s statement of ﬁnancial position are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                            Gr
oup 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                 2022 
 
Unutilised tax losses: 
- Expiring not more than ten years (Note (i))                                                                                               160.3               157.7 
- Expiring within eleven years to twenty years (Note (ii))                                                                          1,976.5            1,744.6 
- No expiry period (Note (iii))                                                                                                                        537.3                423.5 
                                                                                                                                                                   2,674.1             2,325.8 
 
Deductible temporary differences:                                                                                                                                                   
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                     166.3               123.4 
Provisions                                                                                                                                                      1,148.0               732.9 
                                                                                                                                                                   3,988.4             3,182.1 
 
Note (i) 
Pursuant to the Malaysia Finance Act 2021 which was gazetted on 31 December 2021, the existing time limit to carry forward 
unutilised tax losses has been extended to 10 consecutive years of assessment (i.e. from year of assessments 2018). 
Accordingly, the unutilised tax losses incurred in the ﬁnancial years 2019 onwards respectively can be carried forward for  
10 consecutive years. 
 
Note (ii) 
Relates to the carried forward tax losses of the Group’s subsidiaries in United States of America. These tax losses will expire in 
Year 2037.  
 
Note (iii) 
Relates to the carried forward tax losses of subsidiaries in United Kingdom and tax losses from year assessment 2018 onwards 
of a subsidiary in United States of America. These tax losses can be carried forward indeﬁnitely. 
 
38. LEASE LIABILITIES 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
Analysed as follows:                                                                                                                                                                          
Current                                                                                                      94.6                  79.8                     12.8                  16.0 
Non-current                                                                                              690.1               703.1                     75.4                        - 
                                                                                                                    784.7                782.9                     88.2                  16.0 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Present value of lease liabilities:                                                                                                                                                       
Less than 1 year                                                                                           94.6                 79.8                    12.8                  16.0 
Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                92.0                 81.2                    13.6                        - 
Between 2 and 5 years                                                                              168.0               192.7                    45.2                        - 
More than 5 years                                                                                     430.1                429.2                    16.6                        - 
                                                                                                                    784.7                782.9                     88.2                  16.0 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
153
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 156 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
38. LEASE LIABILITIES (cont’ d) 
 
The Group leases its ofﬁce premises, equipment and motor vehicles in the jurisdictions from which it operates. The leases 
comprise ﬁxed payments over the lease terms and may include extension option. 
 
The maturity analysis of the lease liabilities at end of reporting date is disclosed in Note 4 under liquidity risk. 
 
Total cash outﬂow for the leases in the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2023 for the Group and the Company amounted 
to RM118.8 million and RM16.4 million (2022: RM131.8 million and RM16.2 million) respectively. 
 
Extension and termination options are included in a number of property and equipment leases across the Group. These are 
used to maximise operational ﬂexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. The majority of 
extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor.  
 
Some property leases contain variable payment terms that are linked to sales with percentages ranging from 1% to 5% of 
sales. Variable lease payments that depend on sales are recognised in proﬁt or loss in the period in which the condition that 
triggers those payments occurs.  
 
39. PROVISION FOR RETIREMENT GRATUITIES 
 
Long term employee beneﬁts include retirement gratuities payable under a retirement gratuity scheme which was established 
in 1991 by the Board of Directors for Executives and Executive Directors of the Company and certain subsidiaries. The level of 
retirement gratuities payable is determined by the Board of Directors in relation to services rendered and it does not take into 
account of the employee’s performance to be rendered in the later years up to the retirement and the gratuity is a vested 
beneﬁt when the employee reaches retirement age. 
 
The present value of the retirement gratuities is determined by discounting the amount payable by reference to market yields 
at the reporting date on high quality corporate bonds which have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related 
liability. Employee turnover is also factored in arriving at the level of the retirement gratuities payable. Past service costs are 
recognised immediately in proﬁt or loss. 
 
Such retirement gratuities payable are classiﬁed as current liabilities where it is probable that a payment will be made within 
the next twelve months and also provided that the amount has been approved for payment by the Board of Directors. 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
At 1 January                                                                                               218.6               203.1                   209.6               194.7 
Charged to proﬁt or loss (Note 10)                                                            2.8                  21.2                       2.9                  19.5 
Paid during the ﬁnancial year                                                                  (7.4)                 (5.7)                    (6.1)                (4.9) 
Transfer from subsidiaries                                                                                -                       -                       0.2                    0.3 
At 31 December                                                                                         214.0               218.6                   206.6               209.6 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Analysed as follows:                                                                                                                                                                          
Current (Note 40)                                                                                      34.8                 31.8                     31.9                  28.4 
Non-current                                                                                              179.2               186.8                   174.7               181.2 
                                                                                                                    214.0                218.6                   206.6               209.6 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
154
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 157 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
40. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES 
 
                                                                                                                           Gr
oup                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Trade payables                                                                                          465.3               523.3                     50.0                  56.6 
Accruals                                                                                                  1,597.2             1,391.0                1,153.0               963.7 
Deposits                                                                                                        30.9                 28.0                       4.5                    4.1 
Other payables (Note (i))                                                                         543.7               491.1                   225.0               264.6 
Capital award (Note (ii))                                                                            58.2                123.4                           -                        - 
Contract liabilities (Note 42)                                                                       53.3                 69.4                     17.6                  21.4 
Provision for termination related costs (Note (iii))                                       7.6                   7.6                       7.6                    7.6 
Provision for retirement gratuities (Note 39)                                              34.8                  31.8                     31.9                  28.4 
Provision for onerous lease (Note 36)                                                          0.9                    0.9                           -                        - 
                                                                                                                2,791.9             2,666.5                1,489.6            1,346.4 
 
Note (i) 
Included in other payables of the Group and the Company are amounts payable to contractors for project related costs of 
RM94.1 million and RM79.4 million respectively (2022: RM153.9 million and RM119.7 million respectively). 
 
Note (ii) 
The Group was granted capital award in the form of capital allowance for capital expenditure projects related to the Group’s 
property in the US. The capital award reimbursement received each period is recorded as deferred revenue. Upon the relevant 
conditions of the capital award are met (i.e. once the qualifying assets are placed in service), capital award income is 
recorded in proﬁt or loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the qualifying assets an amount equal to the qualifying 
asset’s depreciation and direct ﬁnancing expenses. As at 31 December 2023, capital award of RM58.2 million (2022: RM123.4 
million) is to be recognised in proﬁt or loss in the next 12 months. 
 
Note (iii) 
Provision for termination related costs arose from the termination of contracts relating to the outdoor theme park at Resorts 
World Genting. 
 
41. BORROWINGS 
 
                                                                                                                               Group                                Company 
                                                                                                                 2023               2022              2023               2022 
Current 
Secured:                                                                                                                                                                                          
Revolving credit facility (Note (v))                                                                    -                317.6                      -                317.6 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Unsecured:                                                                                                                                                                                      
Term loan – United States Dollars                                                                      -               443.1                      -                443.1 
Medium term notes (Note (ii))                                                                   75.1                  70.7                      -                        - 
3.882% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2031 (Note (iii))                              35.6                 34.1                      -                        - 
3.3% Senior Notes due 2026 (Note (iv))                                                     29.9                 28.5                      -                        - 
                                                                                                                      140.6                894.0                      -                760.7 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Non-current                                                                                                                                                                                       
Secured:                                                                                                                                                                                          
Term loan – United States Dollars (Note (i))                                            784.1                741.9                      -                        - 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Unsecured:                                                                                                                                                                                      
Medium term notes (Note (ii))                                                              4,342.5             3,846.7                      -                        - 
3.882% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2031 (Note (iii))                         4,557.9            4,355.6                      -                        - 
3.3% Senior Notes due 2026 (Note (iv))                                                2,391.5            2,278.9                      -                        - 
                                                                                                                 12,076.0           11,223.1                      -                        - 
Total                                                                                                           12,216.6           12,117.1                      -                760.7 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
155
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 158 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
41. BORROWINGS (cont’ d) 
 
Note (i) 
The borrowings denominated in United States Dollars are secured against the Group’s licences with deﬁnite lives (United States 
of America) of RM1,988.8 million (2022: RM2,008.8 million). 
 
Note (ii) 
On 24 August 2015, GENM Capital Berhad (“GENM Capital”) issued RM1.1 billion nominal amount of 5-year medium term 
notes (“MTN”) at coupon rate of 4.5% per annum and RM1.3 billion nominal amount of 10-year MTN at coupon rate of  
4.9% per annum under its MTN Programme. 
 
On 31 March 2017, GENM Capital further issued RM1.25 billion nominal amount of 5-year MTN at coupon rate of 4.78% per 
annum, RM1.1 billion nominal amount of 10-year MTN at coupon rate of 4.98% per annum and RM0.25 billion nominal amount 
of 15-year MTN at coupon rate of 5.20% per annum under its MTN Programme. 
 
On 11 July 2018, GENM Capital further issued RM1.4 billion nominal amount of 5-year MTN at coupon rate of 4.98% per annum, 
RM0.75 billion nominal amount of 10-year MTN at coupon rate of 5.30% per annum and RM0.45 billion nominal amount of  
15-year MTN at coupon rate of 5.58% per annum under its MTN Programme. 
 
On 5 May 2023, GENM Capital further issued RM0.25 billion nominal amount of 5-year MTN at coupon rate of 5.07% per annum, 
RM0.15 billion nominal amount of 7-year MTN at coupon rate of 5.35% per annum and RM0.10 billion nominal amount of  
10-year MTN at coupon rate of 5.52% per annum under its MTN Programme. 
 
The MTN Programme is guaranteed by the Company and its coupon is payable semi-annually. The net proceeds from the 
MTN Programme shall be utilised for operating expenses, capital expenditure, and/or working capital requirements of the 
Company including to ﬁnance the development and/or re-development of the properties of the Company located in Genting 
Highlands, Pahang, Malaysia. 
 
On 11 May 2021, GENM Capital had early redeemed RM1.25 billion in nominal value of the RM2.60 billion in nominal value of 
MTNs issued on 31 March 2017 under the MTN programme. 
 
On 28 January 2022, GENM Capital had early redeemed RM1.4 billion in nominal value of the RM2.6 billion in nominal value 
of MTNs issued on 11 July 2018 under the MTN programme. 
 
The fair value of MTN as at 31 December 2023 was RM4,421.3 million (2022: RM3,867.2 million). The fair value is determined by 
reference to prices from observable current market transactions for similar medium term notes at the reporting date and is 
within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
Note (iii) 
On 20 April 2021, GENM Capital Labuan Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued USD1,000,000,000 
aggregate principal amount of 3.882% Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2031 (“Notes #1”). The Notes #1 is fully and 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. Interest is payable semi-annually. 
 
Note (iv) 
On 11 February 2021, Genting New York LLC and GENNY Capital Inc., indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, 
issued USD525,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes due in 2026 (“Notes #2”). The Notes #2 bear interest 
at a rate of 3.3% per annum, payable semi-annually.  
 
Note (v) 
As at 31 December 2022, the revolving credit facility was secured against the Company’s deposits with a licenced bank of 
RM374.0 million. The revolving credit has been fully settled during the ﬁnancial year. 
 
The above borrowings (excluding MTN, Notes #1 and Notes #2) bear effective annual interest rates of 6.9% to 7.9% (2022:  
3.0% to 5.5%) per annum.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
156
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 159 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
41. BORROWINGS (cont’ d) 
 
T
he Group's outstanding term loan is referenced to SOFR. The relevant banks have transitioned the reference rate from USD 
LIBOR to SOFR administered by Federal Reserve Bank. 
 
The maturity proﬁle and exposure of borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 were as follows:   
 
                                                                                                                                     Floating               Fixed 
                                                                                                                                       interest            interest 
                                                                                                                                           rates               rates                Total 
At 31 December 2023: 
Less than one year                                                                                                                         -               140.6               140.6 
Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                                          784.1            1,297.1            2,081.2 
Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                                                  -            4,488.8            4,488.8 
More than 5 years                                                                                                                          -            5,506.0            5,506.0 
                                                                                                                                                784.1          11,432.5          12,216.6 
                                                                                                                                                          
At 31 December 2022:                                                                                                                                                                      
Less than one year                                                                                                                 443.1                450.9                894.0 
Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                                          741.9             4,676.7             5,418.6 
More than 5 years                                                                                                                          -             5,804.5             5,804.5 
                                                                                                                                             1,185.0           10,932.1           12,117.1 
 
 
The maturity proﬁle and exposure of borrowings of the Company as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 were as 
follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                     Floating               Fixed 
                                                                                                                                       interest            interest 
                                                                                                                                           rates               rates                Total 
At 31 December 2023: 
Less than one year                                                                                                                         -                        -                        -       
At 31 December 2022:                                                                                                                                                                      
Less than one year                                                                                                            443.1                317.6                760.7 
 
 
42. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Contract assets                                                                                                                                                                                
Accrued income (Note (i))                                                                         49.0                   1.8                           -                        -  
Analysed as:                                                                                                                                                                                      
Current (Note 28)                                                                                        49.0                    1.8                           -                        - 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                                                            
Customer deposits (Note (ii))                                                                     43.7                 45.0                     17.6                  21.4 
Advance payment (Note (iii))                                                                      9.6                 24.4                           -                        - 
                                                                                                                      53.3                  69.4                     17.6                  21.4 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Analysed as:                                                                                                                                                                                      
Current (Note 40)                                                                                        53.3                  69.4                     17.6                  21.4 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
157
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 160 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
42. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (cont’ d) 
 
The Group and Company applied the practical expedient in MFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” for not 
disclosing the aggregate amount of the revenue expected to be recognised in the future as the performance obligation is 
part of a contract that has an original expected duration of less than one year. 
 
Note (i) 
Included in accrued income of the Group is the timing differences in revenue recognition and billings in respect of the utilities 
services provided. 
 
Note (ii) 
Customer deposits represent advance payment by customers for future booking of hotel room, food and beverages, 
transportation and other services provided by the Group or the Company. 
 
Note (iii) 
This relates to the advance payment of passenger handling fee by a third party for future vessel calls at the port of Resorts 
World Bimini. 
 
Signiﬁcant changes in contract balances during the ﬁnancial year are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                           Group                                    Company 
                                                                                                            2023               2022                   2023               2022 
 
Contract assets 
At 1 January                                                                                                   1.8                   2.8                           -                        - 
Revenue/income recognised during the ﬁnancial year                          49.0                   1.8                           -                        - 
Transfer to receivables                                                                                 (1.8)                (2.8)                          -                       - 
At 31 December                                                                                           49.0                   1.8                           -                        - 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Contract liabilities                                                                                                                                                                            
At 1 January                                                                                                 69.4                 59.8                     21.4                    2.7 
Revenue recognised that was included in the contract  
liability balance at the beginning of the year                                       (46.7)              (27.8)                  (22.7)                (2.8) 
Advance deposit refunded during the year                                              (8.7)                (7.8)                    (0.1)                (0.1) 
Increases due to cash received, excluding amounts  
recognised as revenue during the year                                                  39.3                 45.2                     19.0                  21.6 
At 31 December                                                                                           53.3                 69.4                     17.6                  21.4 
 
 
43. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS  
 
                                                                                                                            Group                                   Company 
                                                                                                             2023               2022                 2023               2022 
 
Authorised capital expenditure not provided for in the  
ﬁnancial statements:                                                                                                                                                                      
- contracted                                                                                                512.2                640.0                  299.3               337.2 
- not contracted                                                                                      2,056.7             2,246.6               1,415.3            1,323.1 
                                                                                                                  2,568.9             2,886.6               1,714.6            1,660.3 
                                                                                                                                                                                   
Analysed as follows:                                                                                                                                                                          
- property, plant and equipment                                                           2,568.9             2,886.6               1,714.6            1,660.3 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
158
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 161 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
44. SIGNIFICANT NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 
 
(a)
The Company redeemed preference shares in certain subsidiaries as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                         Company 
                                                                             Redemption of preference shares                             2023               2022 
Direct/Indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiaries 
@ Sierra Springs Sdn Bhd                                3,502,917 (2022: Nil) 6% Non- 
                                                                        Convertible Non-Cumulative  
                                                                                 Redeemable preference shares ^                         3,502.9                       - 
 
# Genting Worldwide                                      46,160 (2022: Nil) Redeemable 
(Labuan) Limited                                       Convertible Non-Cumulative preference 
                                                                                 shares                                                                            225.1                        - 
 
# Orient Wonder International                       16,650 (2022: Nil) Convertible Non- 
Limited                                                        Cumulative Redeemable preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                               67.6                       - 
 
@ Resorts World Tours Sdn Bhd                       12,984 (2022: 5,445) Redeemable  
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                              13.0                    5.4 
 
# First World Hotels & Resorts Sdn Bhd           6,000 (2022: Nil) Convertible Non- 
                                                                                 Cumulative Redeemable Preference  
                                                                                 Shares                                                                                 6.0                       - 
 
@ Vestplus Sdn Bhd                                         370 (2022: 4,600) Redeemable 
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 0.4                   4.6 
 
@ Genting CSR Sdn Bhd                                 Nil (2022: 11,250) Redeemable Convertible 
                                                                                 Non-Cumulative preference shares                                     -                 11.2 
 
# Orient Star International Limited                 19,621 (2022: Nil) Convertible Non- 
                                                                                 Cumulative Redeemable preference shares                83.4                       - 
 
(b) The Company subscribed for additional shares in certain subsidiaries as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                     Company 
                                                                             Subscription of ordinary/preference shares             2023               2022 
Direct/Indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiaries 
@ Gentinggi Sdn Bhd                                     82,034 (2022: 16,684) Redeemable 
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference 
                                                                                 shares                                                                              82.0                  16.7 
 
@ Awana Vacation Resorts                            1,228 (2022: 1,808) Redeemable  
Development Berhad                                Convertible Non-Cumulative preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 1.2                   1.8 
 
# Genting Worldwide Limited                         18,922,396 (2022: 89,500) Redeemable 
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference 
                                                                                 shares ^                                                                      4,206.7                395.0 
 
@ Genting Golf Course Bhd                           124,300 (2022: 133,000) Redeemable 
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference 
                                                                                 shares                                                                             124.3               133.0 
 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
159
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 162 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
44. SIGNIFICANT NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS (cont’ d) 
 
(b) The Company subscribed for additional shares in certain subsidiaries as follows: (cont’ d) 
 
                                                                                                                                                                     Company 
                                                                             Subscription of ordinary/preference shares             2023               2022 
Direct/Indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiaries 
@ Genting Highlands Berhad                        2,500 (2022: 35,200) Redeemable 
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 2.5                 35.2 
 
# Genting Studios Sdn Bhd                            1,150 (2022: 1,400) Redeemable 
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 1.1                   1.4 
 
@ Genting Skyway Sdn Bhd                           5,100 (2022: 5,000) Redeemable 
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 5.1                   5.0 
 
@ Ikhlas Tiasa Sdn Bhd                                   1,261 (2022: 2,500) Redeemable  
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 1.3                   2.5 
 
@ Seraya Mayang Sdn Bhd                           1,178 (2022: 1,350) 6% Non-Convertible 
                                                                                 Non-Cumulative Redeemable preference 
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 1.2                   1.3 
 
@ Genting Utilities & Services Sdn Bhd          17,940 (2022: Nil) Redeemable  
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference 
                                                                                 shares                                                                               17.9                       - 
 
@ Ascend International Holdings                  1,600 (2022: Nil) Convertible Non- 
Limited                                                        Cumulative Redeemable preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 0.9                       - 
 
@ Papago Sdn Bhd                                         1,932 (2022: 577) Redeemable  
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 1.9                   0.6 
 
           Grandeur West Berhad                               9,375,043,067 (2022: Nil) Ordinary shares ^ 
(formerly known as  
Grandeur West Sdn Bhd)                                                                                                               9,375.0                       - 
 
@ Resorts World Properties Sdn Bhd              731 (2022: Nil) 2% Redeemable Non- 
                                                                                 Convertible Non-Cumulative preference  
                                                                                 shares                                                                                 0.7                       - 
 
@ Orient Peace Operations Limited              Nil (2022: 3,997) Redeemable Convertible 
                                                                                 Non-Cumulative preference shares                                     -                   2.3 
 
@ Sierra Springs Sdn Bhd                                163,572,853 (2022: Nil) 6% Non-Convertible 
                                                                       Non-Cumulative Redeemable preference 
                                                                                 shares                                                                             163.6                       - 
 
# Genting Worldwide (UK) Limited                429,829 (2022: Nil) Convertible Non- 
                                                                       Cumulative Redeemable preference 
                                                                                 shares ^                                                                      2,492.0                        - 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
160
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 163 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
44. SIGNIFICANT NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS (cont’ d) 
 
(c)
  The Company accepted the capital reduction by certain subsidiaries as follows:  
 
                                                                                                                                                   Company 
                                                                             Capital reduction                                                       2023                2022 
Direct/Indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiaries 
           Genting Worldwide Limited                         771,997,186 (2022: Nil) Ordinary shares ^                2,492.0                       - 
 
           Resorts World Limited                                   149,021,000 (2022: Nil) Ordinary shares ^                   522.6                       - 
 
 
^ In consideration of transfer of shares as a result of the internal restructuring exercise as described in Note 20. 
# The conversion of the preference shares as disclosed in (a) and (b) shall be at such value of the preference shares to be 
mutually agreed between the holder of the preference shares and the subsidiaries/issuers.  
@ The conversion of the preference shares by the subsidiaries/issuers as disclosed in (a) and (b) shall be at such value as 
the directors of the subsidiaries/issuers shall determine. 
 
Other than the above, the redemption of preference shares and subscription of shares in certain subsidiaries are for the 
settlement of amounts owing by and owing to the Company respectively. 
 
(d)  The direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company declared and paid interim dividend to the Company by way of 
offsetting amounts owing by the Company. The details of the dividends declared by the subsidiaries are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                     Company 
                                                                             Declared and paid interim dividend                         2023               2022 
Direct wholly-owned subsidiaries 
E-Genting Holdings Sdn Bhd                          Nil (2022: RM1.60) per ordinary share                                  -                   0.4 
 
Eastern Wonder Sdn Bhd                                Interim single-tier dividend of RM4.80  
                                                                        (2022: RM3.00) per ordinary share                                   1.2                   0.8 
 
First World Hotels & Resorts Sdn Bhd              Interim single-tier dividend of RM56.00  
                                                                        (2022: RM103.00) per ordinary share                             56.0               103.0 
 
Genting Highlands Berhad                            Interim single-tier dividend of RM1.375   
                                                                        (2022: RMNil) per ordinary share                                    22.0                       - 
 
Genting Utilities & Services Sdn Bhd              Nil (2022: RM12.00) per ordinary share                                -                 30.0 
 
Leisure & Cafe Concept Sdn Bhd                  Interim single-tier dividend of RM19.00  
                                                                        (2022: RM20.00) per ordinary share                                 1.9                   2.0 
 
Oakwood Sdn Bhd                                         Interim single-tier dividend of RM0.24  
                                                                        (2022: RM0.61) per ordinary share                                  3.6                    9.1 
 
Possible Wealth Sdn Bhd                                Interim single-tier dividend of RM20.5 million  
                                                                       (2022: RM7.0 million) per ordinary share                      41.0                  14.0 
 
 
(e)  The Company accepted debts assigned by the following subsidiaries: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                     Company 
                                                                             Assignment of debts                                                   2023               2022 
        Assignor 
Genting Worldwide Limited                            Amount due to Genting Worldwide  
                                                                       Labuan Limited                                                              102.7                       - 
 
Resorts World Limited                                      Amount due to Genting Worldwide  
                                                                       Labuan Limited                                                              163.6                       - 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
161
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 164 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
45. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES 
 
In addition to related party disclosures mentioned elsewhere in the ﬁnancial statements, set out below are other signiﬁcant 
related party transactions and balances:  
 
(a) The immediate and ultimate holding company of the Company is Genting Berhad (“GENT”), a company incorporated 
in Malaysia. 
 
(b) The signiﬁcant related party transactions of the Group during the ﬁnancial year are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                  Group                                Company 
                                                                                                                     2023              2022                2023             2022 
(i) Management agreements 
• Provision of technical know-how and  
management expertise in the resort’s operations   
of Genting Highlands Resort by Genting Hotel &   
Resorts Management Sdn Bhd, a wholly-owned   
subsidiary of GENT.                                                                   478.4              383.9                459.1             370.8 
 
• Provision of technical know-how and   
management expertise in the resort’s operations  
for other hotels and resorts by Awana Hotels &  
Resorts  Management Sdn Bhd, an indirect  
wholly-owned subsidiary of GENT.                                               1.7                  1.4                        -                    - 
 
 
(ii) Sales of goods and services                                                                                                                                            
• Provision of tour and transport related services by  
Resorts World Tours Sdn Bhd, a wholly-owned  
subsidiary of the Company, to:                                                                                                                                
⮚   GENT and its subsidiaries                                                       1.9                 0.4                        -                     - 
⮚   The Company.                                                                             -                      -                  32.1               24.3 
 
• Provision of shared support services in relation  
to accounts payable, credit control, procurement,  
sales and marketing by the Company to its 
subsidiaries.                                                                                       -                      -                  13.9               10.5 
 
• Provision of support and management services  
by the Group to Empire Resorts, Inc. (“ERI”), a  
wholly-owned subsidiary of Genting Empire Resorts  
LLC, an associate of the Group.                                                 14.2               13.3                        -                     - 
 
• Provision of information technology consultancy,  
development, implementation, support and  
maintenance by Genting Information Knowledge  
Enterprise Sdn Bhd, Genting WorldCard Services  
Sdn Bhd and Ascend Solutions Sdn Bhd, to:                                                                                                          
⮚   GENT and its subsidiaries.                                                      0.2                 0.7                        -                     - 
⮚   Genting Hong Kong Limited (in liquidation)  
      (“GENHK”) and its subsidiaries; GENHK is a  
      company where certain Directors of the  
      Company have interests.                                                           -                 0.2                        -                     - 
⮚   The Company.                                                                             -                      -                    2.8                 3.1 
 
• Provision of information technology consultancy,  
development, implementation, support and  
maintenance services by the Company, to:                                                                                                          
⮚   GENT and its subsidiaries.                                                      6.6                 6.4                    6.6                 6.4 
⮚   First World Hotels & Resorts Sdn Bhd (“FWHR”), 
      a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.                           -                      -                    7.8                 6.6 
 
• Provision of utilities, maintenance and security  
services to Genting Highlands Premium Outlets  
Sdn Bhd (“GHPO”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of  
Genting Simon Sdn Bhd (“GSSB”). GSSB is a 50%  
joint venture company of Genting Plantations  
Berhad.                                                                                          1.4                  1.4                    0.7                 0.7 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
162
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 165 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
45. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (cont’ d) 
 
(b)
The signiﬁcant related party transactions of the Group during the ﬁnancial year are as follows: (cont’ d)  
 
                                                                                                                                  Group                                Company 
                                                                                                                     2023              2022                2023             2022 
(iii) Purchase of goods and services                                                                                                                                   
• Provision of tour and transport related services from  
RW Cruises Pte Ltd (“RW Cruises”), a company  
where certain Directors of the Company have  
interests.                                                                                         1.4                     -                        -                     - 
 
• Provision of administrative support services in  
relation to tax, treasury, internal audit, corporate   
affairs, secretarial and human resource functions  
by GENT.                                                                                        8.0                  6.6                    6.7                 5.4 
 
• Provision of water supply services by RAV Bahamas  
Ltd., a major shareholder of BB Entertainment Ltd  
(“BBEL”), which in turn is an indirect 78% owned  
subsidiary of the Company.                                                         8.8                 6.3                        -                     - 
 
• Provision of electricity services by RAV Bahamas  
Utilities, an entity connected with a shareholder  
of BBEL to the Group.                                                                  25.5                20.0                        -                     - 
 
• Provision of maintenance services by entities  
connected with shareholder of BBEL to the Group.                   6.2                  7.0                        -                     - 
 
• Provision of construction services by an entity  
connected with shareholder of BBEL to the Group.                   2.6                  1.1                        -                     - 
 
• Provision of business operation support services, by:                                                                                          
⮚   Eastern Wonder Sdn Bhd, a wholly-owned  
      subsidiary of the Company.                                                       -                      -                  34.9               28.9 
 
⮚   Genting Skyway Sdn Bhd, a wholly-owned  
      subsidiary of the Company.                                                       -                      -                    6.6                 5.3 
 
⮚   Aliran Tunas Sdn Bhd, an indirect wholly-owned  
      subsidiary of the Company.                                                       -                      -                    1.1                 0.8 
 
• Provision of front ofﬁce, housekeeping and  
premises cleaning services by FWHR.                                              -                      -                  10.9               10.5 
 
• Provision of management and support service  
fees in relation to software development by  
Genting Studios Sdn Bhd, a wholly-owned  
subsidiary of the Company.                                                             -                      -                    0.6                 0.7 
 
• Provision of room, food and beverage, theme  
park, cinema and laundry services by FWHR.                                 -                     -                166.6             105.7 
 
• Provision of crewing, technical support and  
administrative support services by GENHK Group  
to  the Group.                                                                                    -                  1.2                        -                     - 
 
• Provision of support services for software program   
by RWI Group to the Group.                                                         2.3                 1.8                        -                     - 
 
• Provision of technical support and administrative  
support services by RW Ship Management Sdn Bhd,  
a company where certain Directors of the  
Company have interests.                                                             1.0                      -                        -                     - 
 
• Provision of show performers by RW Cruises                               3.6                      -                        -                     - 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
163
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 166 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
45. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (cont’ d) 
 
(b) The signiﬁcant related party transactions of the Group during the ﬁnancial year are as follows: (cont’ d)  
 
                                                                                                                                  Group                                Company 
                                                                                                                     2023              2022                2023             2022 
(iii) Purchase of goods and services (cont’ d) 
• Provision of food & beverage by HanBurger Sdn  
Bhd, a company connected with certain Directors  
of the Company.                                                                           1.5                     -                    1.5                     - 
 
• Provision of food & beverage by Sky Pie Sdn Bhd, a  
company connected with certain Directors of the  
Company.                                                                                     1.3                      -                    1.3                     - 
 
• Aviation and related services provided by Orient  
Wonder International Limited, a wholly-owned  
subsidiary of the Company.                                                             -                      -                  30.6               23.2 
 
(iv) Rental and related services                                                                                          
• Rental of premises and provision of connected  
services to Warisan Timah Holdings Sdn Bhd  
(“Warisan Timah”). Datuk Lim Chee Wah, a  
brother of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and an uncle of  
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui, has deemed  
interest in Warisan Timah.                                                            2.3                  2.0                    2.2                 1.9 
 
• Letting of ofﬁce space and provision of  
connected services by Oakwood Sdn Bhd, a  
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to:                                                                                                      
⮚   GENT and its subsidiaries.                                                      6.7                 5.5                        -                     - 
⮚   The Company.                                                                             -                      -                    5.6                 5.4 
 
• Rental charges for ofﬁce space by the Group  
to GENHK Group.                                                                               -                 3.4                        -                     - 
 
• Letting of premises by FWHR.                                                            -                     -                  14.9               14.4 
 
• Rental of premises to FWHR.                                                             -                      -                    1.1                 0.8 
 
• Lease payments received by Genting Orange  
County LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary  
of the Company, from ERI.                                                           9.3                15.2                        -                     - 
 
(v) Licence agreement 
• Licensing fees paid to GENT Group for the use of  
name and accompanying logo of “Genting”,  
“Resorts World” and “Awana”.                                                216.9              175.5                211.1             172.0 
 
• Licence fee for the use of “Resorts World” and  
“Genting” intellectual property in the US and  
Bahamas charged by Resorts World Inc Pte Ltd  
(“RWI”) Group.                                                                            88.4                79.4                        -                     - 
 
• Licensing fee for the use of gaming software  
charged by RWI Group.                                                             12.2                  9.7                  12.2                 9.7 
 
• Licensing fee for the use of Dynamic Reporting  
System and IBM software charged by RWI Group.                     1.9                 2.0                    1.8                 1.7 
 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
164
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 167 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
45. SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (cont’ d) 
 
(b)
The signiﬁcant related party transactions of the Group during the ﬁnancial year are as follows: (cont’ d)  
 
                                                                                                                                  Group                                Company 
                                                                                                                     2023              2022                2023             2022 
(vi) Sales and marketing arrangements 
• Provision of loyalty programme management  
services by Genting WorldCard Services Sdn Bhd,  
an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the  
Company.                                                                                          -                     -                    2.5                 2.2 
 
• Provision of services as the exclusive international  
sales and marketing coordinator for Genting  
Highlands Resort by Possible Wealth Sdn Bhd,  
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.                                  -                     -                  44.7               25.8 
 
(vii) Investments 
• Purchase of Series F Preferred Stock of ERI by the  
Group from Kien Huat Realty III Limited.                                          -              440.2                        -                     - 
 
(viii) Borrowings 
• Finance costs charged on the interest bearing  
advances by GENM Capital Berhad, a 
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.                                    -                      -                213.7             200.5 
 
• Finance costs charged on the interest bearing  
advances by GENM Capital Labuan Limited, a  
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.                                     -                      -                206.8             198.2 
                                                                                                                                                                                  
• Finance costs charged on the interest bearing  
advances by Genting WorldCard Services  
 Sdn Bhd, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary   
of the Company.                                                                               -                      -                  13.2                 8.6 
 
(ix) Advances to subsidiaries 
• Advances to subsidiaries by the Company.                                    -                     -                344.2            588.0 
 
(x) Redemption of preference shares (cash) 
• Redemption of preference shares issued by  
subsidiaries.                                                                                       -                      -                644.1                     - 
 
 
(c) Directors’ and key management’s remuneration 
 
The remuneration of Directors and other members of key management is as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                Group and Company 
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                2022 
 
Fees, salaries and bonuses                                                                                                                     65.8                 63.6 
Deﬁned contribution plan                                                                                                                       11.0                  10.6 
Other short term employee beneﬁts                                                                                                         1.7                   0.5 
Provision for retirement gratuities                                                                                                              0.2                   5.1 
Employee Share Scheme                                                                                                                          0.2                    3.3 
                                                                                                                                                                           78.9                  83.1 
Estimated monetary value of beneﬁts-in-kind                                                                                         2.0                    1.7 
                                                                                                                                                                           80.9                  84.8 
 
 
The outstanding balances as at 31 December 2023 and 2022, arising from sale/purchase of services, and payments made 
on behalf/receipts from the holding company, subsidiaries, related companies and associate are disclosed in Notes 20, 21 
and 29. The outstanding balances arising from other related sales/purchases are not material as at  
31 December 2023 and 2022.
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
165
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 168 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES  
                                                                                    Effective 
                                                                               Percentage of      Country of 
                                                                                  Ownership         Incorporation           Principal Activities 
                                                                               2023        2022 
Direct Subsidiaries 
+     Ascend International Holdings Limited          100.0        100.0      Hong Kong, SAR         Investment holding 
Awana Vacation Resorts Development         100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Letting of apartment units 
Berhad                                                                                                                                   
E-Genting Holdings Sdn Bhd                          100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding  
Eastern Wonder Sdn Bhd                                100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Support services to the leisure and  
                                                                                                                                               hospitality and transport industry 
First World Hotels & Resorts Sdn Bhd               100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Hotel business 
GENM Capital Berhad                                    100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Issuance of private debt securities 
GENM Capital Labuan Limited                       100.0       100.0      Labuan, Malaysia      Issuance of private debt securities 
Genting Centre of Excellence Sdn Bhd         100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of training services  
Genting CSR Sdn Bhd                                     100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding 
Genting Entertainment Sdn Bhd                    100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Show agent 
Genting Golf Course Bhd                               100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Condotel and hotel business, golf  
                                                                                                                                               resort and property development 
Genting Highlands Berhad                             100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Land and property development 
Genting Project Services Sdn Bhd                 100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of project management  
                                                                                                                                               and construction management  
                                                                                                                                               services 
Genting Skyway Sdn Bhd                               100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of cable car services and  
                                                                                                                                               related support services  
Genting Studios Sdn Bhd                                100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding; and creative,  
                                                                                                                                               arts and entertainment activities 
Genting Utilities & Services Sdn Bhd              100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of electricity supply  
                                                                                                                                               services at Genting Highlands  
                                                                                                                                               and investment holding 
Genting Worldwide (Labuan) Limited           100.0       100.0      Labuan, Malaysia      Offshore financing 
Genting Worldwide (UK) Limited                    100.0       100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
Gentinggi Sdn Bhd                                         100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding 
GHR Risk Management (Labuan) Limited     100.0       100.0      Labuan, Malaysia      Offshore captive insurance 
Grandeur West Berhad (formerly known       100.0           -          Malaysia                     Investment holding 
  as Grandeur West Sdn Bhd)^                                                                                              
Kijal Facilities Services Sdn Bhd                      100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Letting of its apartment unit 
Leisure & Cafe Concept Sdn Bhd                  100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Karaoke business 
Oakwood Sdn Bhd                                          100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Property investment and  
                                                                                                                                               management 
Orient Peace Limited                                       100.0       100.0      Cayman Islands        Owner and operator of a vessel 
+     Orient Peace Operations Limited                   100.0        100.0      Hong Kong, SAR         Operation of a vessel 
Orient Wonder International Limited              100.0       100.0      Bermuda                    Owner and operator of aircraft 
Possible Wealth Sdn Bhd                                 100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     International sales and marketing  
                                                                                                                                               services; and investment holding  
Resorts Tavern Sdn Bhd                                   100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Land and property development 
Resorts World Tours Sdn Bhd                           100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of transportation services,  
                                                                                                                                               airline ticketing services, tour  
                                                                                                                                               agency services and retailing of  
                                                                                                                                               petrol 
Seraya Mayang Sdn Bhd                                100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding 
Setiaseri Sdn Bhd                                             100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Letting of its apartment units 
Sierra Springs Sdn Bhd                                    100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding 
+     Vestplus (Hong Kong) Limited                        100.0        100.0      Hong Kong, SAR         Payment and collection agent 
Vestplus Sdn Bhd                                             100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Sale and letting of apartment units;  
                                                                                                                                               and payment and collection  
                                                                                                                                               agent
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
166
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 169 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
46. SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES (cont’ d)  
                                                                                    Ef
fective 
                                                                               Percentage of      Country of 
                                                                                  Ownership         Incorporation           Principal Activities 
                                                                               2023        2022 
Direct Subsidiaries (cont’ d) 
#     Worldwide Leisure Limited                               100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Leisure and entertainment activities  
                                                                                                                                               (including gaming operations)  
                                                                                                                                               onboard vessel 
Aliran Sutra Sdn Bhd                                       100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
Genting ePay Services Sdn Bhd                     100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
Grandeur Leisure Berhad                                100.0           -          Malaysia                     Dormant 
Ikhlas Tiasa Sdn Bhd                                        100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant  
Indirect Subsidiaries 
*     ABC Biscayne LLC                                           100.0        100.0      United States of          Letting of property 
                                                                                                             America                     
Aliran Tunas Sdn Bhd                                       100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of water services at  
                                                                                                                                               Genting Highlands  
Ascend Solutions Sdn Bhd                              100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of IT and consultancy  
                                                                                                                                               services 
#     Bayfront 2011 Development,                          100.0        100.0      United States of         Property development 
LLC                                                                                                    America                    
*     BB Entertainment Ltd                                        78.0          78.0       Commonwealth        Owner and operator 
                                                                                                             of The Bahamas        of casino and hotel 
#     BB Investment Holdings Ltd                             100.0        100.0      Commonwealth        Investment holding 
                                                                                                             of The Bahamas       
#     Bimini SuperFast Limited                                  100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
#     Bimini SuperFast Operations LLC                    100.0        100.0      United States of         Provision of support services 
                                                                                                             America                    
#     Bromet Limited                                                100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
#     Chelsea Court Limited                                    100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
#     Digital Tree (USA) Inc                                       100.0        100.0      United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
#     Freeany Enterprises Limited                             100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Administrative services 
       Genasa Sdn Bhd                                             100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Property development, sale and  
                                                                                                                                               letting of apartment units 
#     GENNY Capital Inc                                          100.0        100.0      United States of         Financing 
                                                                                                             America                    
Genmas Sdn Bhd                                            100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Sale and letting of land  
Gensa Sdn Bhd                                               100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Sale and letting of land and  
                                                                                                                                               property; and investment holding 
Genting Administrative Services Sdn Bhd      100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding 
*     Genting Americas Holdings Limited              100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Investment holding 
*     Genting Americas Inc                                     100.0        100.0      United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
*     Genting Casinos Egypt Limited                      100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Casino operator 
*     Genting Casinos UK Limited                           100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Casino operator 
Genting East Coast USA Limited                     100.0       100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
#     Genting ER Limited                                          100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
#     Genting ER II LLC                                              100.0        100.0      United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
#     Genting Florida LLC                                         100.0        100.0      United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
 Genting Information Knowledge                   100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Research in software development, 
   Enterprise Sdn Bhd                                                                                                              provision of IT and consultancy  
                                                                                                                                                services   
#     Genting International Investment                  100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Property investment company 
   Properties (UK) Limited                                       
*     Genting International Investment  
   (UK) Limited                                                   100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Investment holding 
#     Genting Massachusetts LLC                          100.0       100.0      United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                   
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
167
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 170 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES (cont’ d)  
                                                                                    Effective 
                                                                               Percentage of      Country of 
                                                                                  Ownership         Incorporation           Principal Activities 
                                                                               2023        2022 
Indirect Subsidiaries (cont’ d) 
#     Genting Nevada Inc                                       100.0        100.0      United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
*     Genting New York LLC                                     100.0        100.0      United States of         Operator of a video lottery facility 
                                                                                                             America                    
#     Genting North America Holdings LLC           100.0        100.0      United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
#     Genting Orange County LLC                          100.0        100.0      United States of         Property investment 
                                                                                                             America                    
*     Genting Solihull Limited                                   100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Property investment and  
                                                                                                                                                development; and hotel and  
                                                                                                                                                leisure facilities operator 
*     Genting UK Plc                                                 100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Investment holding 
 Genting (USA) Limited                                    100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
 Genting World Sdn Bhd                                   100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Leisure and entertainment business 
 Genting WorldCard Services Sdn Bhd           100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of loyalty programme  
                                                                                                                                                services 
 Genting Worldwide Limited                             100.0       100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
*     Genting Worldwide Services Limited              100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Investment holding 
+     Golden Site Pte Ltd                                          100.0        100.0      Singapore                  International sales and marketing  
                                                                                                                                                services 
 GX Xintiandi Sdn Bhd                                      100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding 
#     Hill Crest LLC                                                     100.0        100.0      United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
 Kijal Resort Sdn Bhd                                         100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Property development and  
                                                                                                                                                property management 
#     Lafleur Limited                                                  100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
 Lingkaran Cekap Sdn Bhd                              100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Operations and maintenance of  
                                                                                                                                                road and slopes 
 Lingkaran Cergas Sdn Bhd                             100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Providing liquefied petroleum gas  
                                                                                                                                                services at Genting Highlands   
#     MLG Investments Limited                                100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Investment holding 
 Nature Base Sdn Bhd                                      100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Providing collection and disposal of  
                                                                                                                                                garbage services at Genting  
                                                                                                                                                Highlands  
 Nedby Limited                                                  100.0       100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
 Netyield Sdn Bhd                                             100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of sewerage services at  
                                                                                                                                                Genting Highlands 
 Papago Sdn Bhd                                             100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Resort and hotel business 
 Resorts Facilities Services Sdn Bhd                 100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Provision of support services to the  
                                                                                                                                                leisure and hospitality industry 
#     Resorts World Capital Limited                         100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding 
 Resorts World Limited                                       100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Investment holding and investment  
                                                                                                                                                trading 
*     Resorts World Miami LLC                                 100.0        100.0      United States of         Property investment 
                                                                                                             America                    
*     Resorts World Omni LLC                                  100.0        100.0      United States of         Hotel business, property 
                                                                                                             America                     management and property   
                                                                                                                                                investment 
 Resorts World Properties Sdn Bhd                  100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding 
*     Resorts World Travel Services Private Limited  100.0       100.0      India                           Marketing support service 
*     RWBB Management Ltd                                  100.0       100.0      Commonwealth        Provision of casino management  
                                                                                                             of The Bahamas         services 
*     RWBB Resorts Management Ltd                     100.0       100.0      Commonwealth        Provision of resort management  
                                                                                                             of The Bahamas         services; administrative,  
                                                                                                                                                management or support services 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
168
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 171 ----
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
46. SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES (cont’ d)  
                                                                                    Ef
fective 
                                                                               Percentage of      Country of 
                                                                                  Ownership         Incorporation           Principal Activities 
                                                                               2023        2022 
Indirect Subsidiaries (cont’ d) 
#     RW Bet LLC                                                       100.0            -          United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
 Sering Jaya Sdn Bhd                                       100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Investment holding 
#     Stanley Casinos Holdings Limited                  100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Investment holding 
#     Stanley Overseas Holdings Limited                100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Investment holding 
#     Two Digital Trees LLC                                        100.0        100.0      United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
 Widuri Pelangi Sdn Bhd                                   100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Golf resort and hotel business 
+     Xi’an Ascend Software Technology               100.0       100.0      China                         Research and development and 
Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                               provision of IT related services  
#     Genting Management Services LLC              100.0        100.0      United States of         Pre-operating 
                                                                                                             America                    
#     Advanced Technologies Ltd                           100.0       100.0      Dominica                   Dormant 
#     Bimini SuperFast Charter Limited                    100.0        100.0      Isle of Man                 Dormant 
#     Capital Casinos Group Limited                      100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Dormant 
#     Capital Corporation (Holdings) Limited        100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Dormant 
#     Capital Corporation Limited                           100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Dormant 
#     Crockfords Investments Limited                      100.0       100.0      Guernsey                    Dormant 
#     Digital Tree LLC                                                 100.0        100.0      United States of         Dormant 
                                                                                                                   America                    
 Genas Sdn Bhd                                               100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
 Genawan Sdn Bhd                                          100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
 Gentas Sdn Bhd                                              100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
 Gentasa Sdn Bhd                                            100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
#     Genting Alderney Limited                               100.0        100.0      Alderney, Channel    Dormant 
                                                                                                             Islands                       
#     Genting Empire LLC                                         100.0        100.0      United States of         Dormant 
                                                                                                             America                    
#     Genting (Gibraltar) Limited                            100.0        100.0      Gibraltar                     Dormant 
 Genting Link Sdn Bhd                                      100.0            -          Malaysia                     Dormant 
#     Genting Las Vegas LLC                                   100.0        100.0      United States of         Dormant 
                                                                                                             America                    
#     Genting International (UK) Limited                100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Dormant 
+     Genting Malta Limited                                    100.0        100.0      Malta                          Dormant 
 Gentinggi Quarry Sdn Bhd                             100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
*     GMM Limited                                                   100.0        100.0      Macau, SAR               Dormant 
#     GTA Holding, Inc                                              100.0        100.0      United States of         Dormant 
                                                                                                             America and  
                                                                                                             continued into  
                                                                                                             British Columbia       
 Jomara Sdn Bhd                                              100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
 Merriwa Sdn Bhd                                             100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
#     Palomino World (UK) Limited                          100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Dormant 
#     Park Lane Mews Hotel London Limited          100.0        100.0      United Kingdom         Dormant 
#     Resorts World Aviation LLC                              100.0        100.0      United States of         Dormant 
                                                                                                             America                    
#     RW Bet MA LLC                                                 100.0            -          United States of         Dormant 
                                                                                                             America                   
#     RW Bet NJ LLC                                                  100.0            -          United States of         Dormant 
                                                                                                             America                    
 Space Fair Sdn Bhd                                         100.0       100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
#     Stanley Leisure Group (Malta) Limited           100.0        100.0      Malta                          Dormant 
 Sweet Bonus Sdn Bhd                                      100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
 Twinkle Glow Sdn Bhd                                     100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
 Twinmatics Sdn Bhd                                        100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
 Vintage Action Sdn Bhd                                  100.0        100.0      Malaysia                     Dormant 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
169
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 172 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES (cont’ d)  
                                                                                    Effective 
                                                                               Percentage of      Country of 
                                                                                  Ownership         Incorporation           Principal Activities 
                                                                               2023        2022 
Indirect Subsidiaries (cont’ d) 
#     Westcliff Casino Limited                                   100.0       100.0      United Kingdom         Dormant 
#     Orient Leisure Holdings Pte Ltd                       100.0        100.0      Singapore                  Pending striking off 
 Worldcard Services Sdn Bhd                               -            100.0      Malaysia                     Struck-off 
 Orient Star International Limited                         -            100.0      Bermuda                    Dissolved 
 
Joint Venture 
*     Genting Xintiandi Sdn Bhd                              40.0          40.0       Malaysia                     Property developer 
 
Associates                                                                                            
*     Genting Empire Resorts LLC                             49.0          49.0       United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
*     Empire Resorts, Inc @                                        76.3          76.3       United States of         Investment holding 
                                                                                                             America                    
*     AgroV Sdn Bhd                                                 40.0             -          Malaysia                     Agricultural and agritourism  
                                                                                                                                                business 
*     Oview Sdn Bhd                                                 40.0             -          Malaysia                     Dormant 
 
 
@     Effective voting rights including Series G and Series H Preferred Stocks held by the Group in Empire Resorts, Inc is 51.7%  
       (2022: 51.7%). 
 
^     Converted to a public limited company on 16 January 2024. 
 
+     The financial statements of these companies are audited by member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers International 
       Limited which are separate and independent legal entities from PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia. 
 
*     The financial statements of these companies are audited by firms other than the auditors of the Company. 
 
#     These entities are either exempted or have no statutory audit requirement. 
 
47. SIGNIFICANT SUBSEQUENT EVENT 
 
On 10 January 2024, Genting ER II LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a Subscription 
Agreement to subscribe for up to USD100 million of Series M Preferred Stock of ERI (“Series M”).  The proceeds from the Series 
M subscription will be utilised by ERI for working capital purposes and to fully repay an existing bank facility of approximately 
USD58 million held by its holding company, GERL. The equity injection will enable ERI to further optimise its capital structure by 
reducing financial leverage and correspondingly interest expense of ERI and/or GERL. Accordingly, the Group’s effective 
economic interest in Empire increased from 76.3% to 89.6%. 
 
There is no change in terms of the board of directors composition of ERI where majority of the board of directors are appointed 
by KHR who has the power to make decisions on the relevant activities of ERI unilaterally as described in Note 21 and therefore, 
the Group continues to account for this investment as an associate under MFRS 128 “Investments in Associates and Joint 
Ventures” by virtue of the governing structure of ERI. 
 
48. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 
The financial statements have been approved for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors dated  
8 March 2024. 
 
 
31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
170
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 173 ----
STATEMENT ON DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
As required under the Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) in Malaysia, the Directors of Genting Malaysia Berhad have made a 
st
atement expressing an opinion on the financial statements. The Board is of the opinion that the financial statements have 
been drawn up in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards 
and the requirements of the Act so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company 
as at 31 December 2023 and of the financial performance of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then 
ended. 
 
In the process of preparing these financial statements, the Directors have reviewed the accounting policies and practices to 
ensure that they were consistently applied throughout the financial year. In cases where judgement and estimates were made, 
they were based on reasonableness and prudence. 
 
Additionally, the Directors have relied on the systems of risk management and internal control to ensure that the information 
generated for the preparation of the financial statements from the underlying accounting records is accurate and reliable. 
 
This statement is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board dated 8 March 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I, KOH POY YONG (MIA 5092), the Officer primarily responsible for the financial management of GENTING MALAYSIA BERHAD, 
do solemnly and sincerely declare that the financial statements set out on pages 93 to 170 are, to the best of my knowledge 
and belief, correct and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the 
provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1960. 
 
Subscribed and solemnly declared by the                         ) 
abovenamed KOH POY YONG at KUALA LUMPUR               ) 
in the State of FEDERAL TERRITORY                                        ) 
on 8 March 2024                                                                    )        KOH POY YONG 
 
Before me, 
 
        
 
MOHD AIZUDDIN BIN SALIM 
Commissioner for Oaths 
Kuala Lumpur 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant To Paragraph 15.26(a) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad 
7 6 5 3 2 14
171
8Financial Statements
STATUTORY DECLARATION
Pursuant To Section 251(1)(B) of the Companies Act 2016

---- Page 174 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Our opinion 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements of Genting Malaysia Berhad (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) give 
a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2023, and of their financial 
performance and their cash flows for the financial year then ended in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting 
Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. 
 
What we have audited 
 
We have audited the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, which comprise the statements of financial 
position as at 31 December 2023 of the Group and of the Company, and the income statements, statements of comprehensive 
income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial 
year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, as set out on pages 
93 to 170. 
 
Basis for opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on 
Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the 
financial statements” section of our report.  
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
 
Independence and other ethical responsibilities 
 
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and 
Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“By-Laws”) and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ 
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (“IESBA Code”), 
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code. 
 
Our audit approach 
 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company. In particular, we considered where the Directors made subjective judgements; 
for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events 
that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, 
including among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material 
misstatement due to fraud. 
 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the financial 
statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group and of the Company, the accounting processes and 
controls, and the industry in which the Group and the Company operate. 
 
Key audit matters 
 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  
To The Members of Genting Malaysia Berhad
172
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 175 ----
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
K
ey audit matters (continued) 
To The Members of Genting Malaysia Berhad (cont’ d)
173
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment, 
intangible assets (including goodwill) with indeﬁnite useful 
lives and right-of-use assets relating to the Group’s casino 
operations in the United Kingdom 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the aggregate carrying value of the 
Group’s property, plant and equipment, intangible assets 
(which comprised casino licences and trademarks) and 
right-of-use of assets amounted to RM2,584.3 million (net of 
impairment loss of RM29.5 million recorded in current 
ﬁnancial year 2023) and goodwill of RM402.4 million were in 
relation to its UK casino business operations. 
 
We focused on this area due to the magnitude of the carrying 
amount and the signiﬁcant judgement and estimates used 
by management in its impairment assessment for the assets 
of the UK casino operations, including goodwill. The 
impairment assessment performed by management involved 
signiﬁcant degree of judgements in estimating the 
assumptions on long term growth rate and discount rate 
used. 
 
The reco verable amount of each CGU, including property, 
plant and equipment, casino licences and right-of-use assets 
was determined based on the higher of the fair value less 
costs of disposal and value in use. 
 
For annual goodwill and trademarks impairment assessment, 
the entire goodwill and trademarks have been allocated to 
the leisure and hospitality business segment in the UK and the 
recoverable amount was determined based on the same 
underlying assumptions applied in the impairment 
assessment for the respective assets. 
 
Arising from the impairment assessment, total impairment 
losses of RM29.5 million were recorded for property, plant and 
equipment, right-of-use assets and casino licences in the 
current ﬁnancial year. There is no impairment on the goodwill 
and trademarks relating to the Group’s UK casino business. 
 
The disclosures are included in Notes 2, 15, 18 and 19 to the 
ﬁnancial statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
With respect to the appropriateness of the key assumptions 
used in the value in use calculations, we performed the 
following procedures: 
 
•Assessed the reliability of management’s forecast by 
comparing their previous years’ forecasted results 
against past trends of actual results; 
 
• Checked that the long term growth rate did not exceed 
the growth rates for leisure and hospitality industry in 
which the CGUs operate and are consistent with the 
forecasts included in industry reports; 
 
• Checked that the discount rate used by comparing the 
rate used to comparable industries and market 
information in UK with involvement from valuation experts; 
and 
 
• Checked sensitivity analysis performed by management 
on the discount rate and long term growth rate to 
determine whether reasonable changes on these key 
assumptions would result in any material impairment 
losses to be recognised. 
 
In testing the recoverable amount based on fair value less 
costs to sell, we performed the following procedures: 
 
• Evaluated the objectivity and competency of the 
external valuer; and 
 
• Evaluated the methodology and key assumptions used 
by an independent external valuer in the valuation 
based on our knowledge of the industry and checked 
the comparability of the input data used to current 
industry data. 
 
Based on the procedures performed, we noted the results of 
management’s impairment assessment to be consistent with 
the outcome of our procedures.
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 176 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Key audit matters (continued) 
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
To The Members of Genting Malaysia Berhad (cont’ d)
174
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment 
and casino licences relating to the Group’s leisure and 
hospitality segment in Bimini 
 
The Group has property, plant and equipment and casino 
licences (deﬁnite life) related to its Bimini operations with 
aggregate carrying values of RM768.8 million as at  
31 December 2023. 
 
We focused on this area due to the magnitude of the carrying 
amount and the signiﬁcant judgement and estimates used 
by management in its impairment assessment for the assets 
of its Bimini operations. 
 
The impairment assessment performed by management 
based on value in use method involved signiﬁcant estimates, 
in particular, the key assumption on growth rate, discount 
rates, hotel occupancy rate and annual cruise passengers 
used in the cash ﬂow projections. 
 
Based on the impairment assessment performed by 
management, no impairment is required for the assets of 
Bimini operations. 
 
The disclosures are included in Notes 2, 15 and 18 to the 
ﬁnancial statements.
 
 
 
 
With respect to the reliability of management’s use of key 
assumptions in the cash ﬂow projections to determine the 
value in use calculations, we performed the following 
procedures: 
 
• Assessed the reliability of management's forecast by 
comparing their previous years' forecasted results 
against past trends of actual results; 
 
• Checked the growth rate used by management by 
comparing to industry trends; 
 
• Checked the discount rates used by comparing the rates 
used to comparable industry and market information 
with involvement from valuation specialist; 
 
• Compared the rates of hotel occupancy and annual 
cruise passengers to comparable companies and 
market performance data; and 
 
• Checked sensitivity analysis performed by management 
on the growth rate, discount rates, hotel occupancy and 
annual cruise passengers to determine whether 
reasonable changes on these key assumptions would 
result in an impairment loss. 
 
Based on the above procedures performed, we noted the 
results of management’s impairment assessment to be 
consistent with the outcome of our procedures.
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 177 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Key audit matters (continued) 
 
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to report for the Company. 
 
Information other than the ﬁnancial statements and auditors’ report thereon 
 
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Directors’ Report 
and other information within Integrated Annual Report 2023 which we obtained prior to the date of this auditors’ report except 
for information under the “Additional Information” section, which is expected to be made available to us after that date. 
 
Our opinion on the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do 
not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.   
 
In connection with our audit of the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility is to read the 
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the ﬁnancial 
statements of the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. 
 
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditors’ report, 
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing 
to report in this regard.  
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
To The Members of Genting Malaysia Berhad (cont’ d)
175
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Impairment assessment of the Group’s investment in an 
associate company, Genting Empire Resorts LLC 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s cost of investments 
including share of results in an associate company, Genting 
Empire Resorts LLC (“GERL”), the holding company of Empire 
Resorts Inc (“ERI”), was RM1,936 million and the effective 
economic interest of the Group in ERI was 76.3%.  
 
We focused on this area due to the magnitude of the 
investment and continued losses recorded by GERL and ERI. 
The impairment assessment performed by management 
involved signiﬁcant estimates and judgement in determining 
the key assumptions used in deriving the recoverable amount 
for impairment assessment purpose.  
 
The impairment assessment performed by management 
based on value in use method involved signiﬁcant estimates 
towards future results of the business, in particular, the key 
assumptions on long term growth rates, discount rates and 
earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation 
(“EBITDA”) average growth rate used in the future cash ﬂow 
forecasts. 
 
Based on the impairment assessment performed by 
management, no impairment is required for the Group’s 
investment in GERL and ERI. 
 
The disclosures are included in Note 21 to the ﬁnancial 
statements. 
 
 
 
 
With respect to the appropriateness of the key assumptions 
used in the value in use calculations, we performed the 
following procedures: 
 
• Assessed the reliability of management's forecast by 
comparing their previous year's forecasted results 
against actual results; 
 
• Evaluated the reasonableness of forecasted EBITDA used 
by management to historical results, and to the ﬁnancial 
budgets approved by ERI management; 
 
• Checked that the long-term growth rate did not exceed 
the growth rates for the leisure and hospitality industry in 
which GERL and ERI operates and are consistent with the 
forecasts included in industry reports; 
 
• Checked that discount rate used by comparing the rate 
used to comparable industries and market information 
in United States of America with involvement from 
valuation expert; and 
 
• Checked the appropriateness of sensitivity analysis 
performed by management on the long term growth 
rate, discount rate and EBITDA average growth rate to 
determine whether reasonable changes on these key 
assumptions would result in an impairment loss. 
 
Based on the procedures performed, we noted the results of 
management’s impairment assessment to be consistent with 
the outcome of our procedures.
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 178 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
Responsibilities of the Directors for the ﬁnancial statements 
 
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting 
Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. The Directors are also responsible for such internal 
control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the 
Company that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
 
In preparing the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s 
and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and 
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to 
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.  
 
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the ﬁnancial statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to inﬂuence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
ﬁnancial statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing, 
we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:  
 
(a)  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufﬁcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 
(b)  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and of the 
Company’s internal control.  
 
(c)  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Directors.  
 
(d)  Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signiﬁcant 
doubt on the Group’s or on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the ﬁnancial 
statements of the Group and of the Company or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Group or the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.  
 
(e)  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company, 
including the disclosures, and whether the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.  
 
(f)   Obtain sufﬁcient appropriate audit evidence regarding the ﬁnancial information of the entities or business activities within 
the Group to express an opinion on the ﬁnancial statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
 
We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and signiﬁcant 
audit ﬁndings, including any signiﬁcant deﬁciencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
 
 
 
To The Members of Genting Malaysia Berhad (cont’ d)
176
1 2 3 5 6 74 Financial Statements8

---- Page 179 ----
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 
A
uditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the ﬁnancial statements (continued) 
 
We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear 
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied. 
 
From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most signiﬁcance in the audit of 
the ﬁnancial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current ﬁnancial year and are therefore the key audit 
matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter 
or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because 
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest beneﬁts of such 
communication. 
 
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 
 
In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, we report that the subsidiaries of which we have 
not acted as auditors, are disclosed in Note 46 to the ﬁnancial statements. 
 
OTHER MATTERS 
 
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act 
2016 in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS PLT                                                                                                             GAN WEE FONG 
LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146                                                                                                                              03253/01/2025 J 
Chartered Accountants                                                                                                                                  Chartered Accountant 
 
Kuala Lumpur 
8 March 2024
To The Members of Genting Malaysia Berhad (cont’ d)
177
7 6 5 3 2 148Financial Statements

---- Page 180 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
LIST OF PROPERTIES HELD
as at 31 December 2023
178
1 2 3 5 6 74 Additional Information8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                NET BOOK 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            VALUE AS AT         AGE OF 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       31 DEC 2023      BUILDING              YEAR OF 
LOCATION                                            TENURE                    APPROXIMATE AREA                  DESCRIPTION                                                       (RM'million)         (Years)     ACQUISITION 
 
MALAYSIA                                                                                 
STATE OF  
PAHANG DARUL MAKMUR                                                                                                                   
1      Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 100,952 sq.metres       18-storey Genting Grand Complex                                      146.1                   42                     1982 
2      Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 95,485 sq.metres         23-storey Resort Hotel & Car Park                                           86.9                   31                     1992 
3      Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 471,406 sq.metres       22-storey First World Hotel & Car Park                                   864.8            9 & 24        2000 & 2014 
4      Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 19,688 sq.metres         10-storey Genting SkyWorlds Hotel                                         65.1                   52                     1989 
5      Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 11,902 sq.metres         10-storey Genting SkyWorlds Hotel - Valley Wing                  10.9                   48                     1989 
6      Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 88,794 sq.metres         7-storey Sky Avenue Complex                                           1,424.1                     8                     2016 
7      Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 29,059 sq.metres         16-storey Residential Staff Complex I                                      20.4                   40                     1989 
8      Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 28,804 sq.metres         19-storey Residential Staff Complex II                                       8.1                   31                     1992 
9      Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 89,392 sq.metres         16-storey Residential Staff Complex III & Car Park                  33.2                   31                     1992 
10    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 41,976 sq.metres         25-storey Residential Staff Complex V                                    31.1                   27                     1996 
11    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 70,010 sq.metres         25-storey Residential Staff Complex VIII & Car Park                48.2                   17                     2007 
12    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 178,401 sq.metres       27-storey Residential Staff Complex IX & Car Park                322.9                     7                     2016 
13    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 4,109 sq.metres           5-storey Sri Layang Staff Residence                                          9.9                   29                     1989 
14    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 18,397 sq.metres         8-level Car Park I                                                                         0.6                   40                     1989 
15    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 1,086 sq.metres           5-storey Bomba building                                                           0.4                   40                     1989 
16    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 1,503 sq.metres           Petrol Station                                                                               1.5                   25                     1999 
17    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 2,769 sq.metres           4-storey Staff Recreation Centre                                               2.0                   31                     1992 
18    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 540 sq.metres              2 units of of Kayangan Apartments                                         0.2                   43        1989 & 1990 
19    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 7,666 sq.metres           Awana @ Resorts World Genting Complex                           70.5                   37                     1989 
20    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 20,516 sq.metres         23-storey Awana Tower Hotel                                                  43.7                   30                     1993 
21    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 17,010 sq.metres         174 units of Awana Condominium                                        27.6                   37                     1989 
22    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 8,756 sq.metres           79 units of Ria Apartments (Pahang Tower)                           7.7                   37                     1989 
23    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 39,260 sq.metres         Awana Sky Central                                                                142.0                     8                     2016 
24    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Built-up  : 191,658 sq.metres       8-level GHPO Car Park                                                           192.0                     8                     2016 
25    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Freehold                    Land      : 3,334 hectares             9 plots of land & improvements                                        1,720.5                      -                     1989 
                                                                                                                                                              1 plot of land & improvements                                                 6.0                      -                     1996 
                                                                                                                                                              10 plots of land & improvements                                           88.0                      -                     1989 
                                                                                                                                                              1 plot of land & improvements                                                 0.1                      -                     1991 
                                                                                                                                                              78 plots of land & improvements                                         274.5                      -                     1989 
                                                                                                                                                              3 plots of land & improvements                                             24.9                      -                     2002 
                                                                                                                                                              13 plots of land & improvements                                           15.1                      -                     1996 
26    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Leasehold                  Land      : 6 hectares                    2 plots of land & improvements                                                0.3                      -                     1994 
                                                                   (unexpired lease                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                   period of 70 years) 
27    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Leasehold                  Land      : 5 hectares                    3 plots of land                                                                             0.5                      -                     1995 
                                                                   (unexpired lease                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                   period of 35 years) 
28    Genting Highlands, Bentong           Leasehold                 Land      : 3 hectares                    1 plot of educational land                                                        1.4                      -                     2000 
                                                                   (unexpired lease                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                   period of 67 years) 
29    Bukit Tinggi, Bentong                        Leasehold                  Built-up  : 49 sq.metres                1 unit of Meranti Park Apartment                                             0.1                   24                     1999 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 71 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 
 
STATE OF 
SELANGOR DARUL EHSAN 
1      Genting Highlands, Hulu Selangor Freehold                    Built-up  : 149,941 sq.metres       28-storey Highlands Hotel & Car Park IV                              300.6                   27                     1997 
2      Genting Highlands, Hulu Selangor Freehold                    Land      : 2 hectares                    1 plot of building land                                                               6.1                      -                     1993 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 47,715 sq.metres         5-storey Genting Skyway Station Complex &                        40.6                   27                     1997 
                                                                                                                                                              Carpark                                                                                             
3      Genting Highlands, Hulu Selangor Freehold                    Built-up  : 3,008 sq.metres           2 & 4-storey Gohtong Jaya security building                          3.5                   26                     1998 
4      Genting Highlands, Hulu Selangor Freehold                    Built-up  : 5,406 sq.metres           47 units of Ria Apartments (Selangor Tower)                          4.9                   37                     1989 
5      Genting Highlands, Hulu Selangor Freehold                    Land      : 600 hectares                3 plots of building land                                                            13.7                      -                     1989 
                                                                                                                                                              18 plots of building land                                                          38.5                      -                     1996 
                                                                                                                                                              5 plots of building land                                                            10.4                      -                     1993 
6      Genting Highlands, Gombak          Freehold                    Land      : 394 hectares                2 plots of vacant building land                                              28.8                      -                     1996 
7      Batang Kali, Hulu Selangor              Freehold                    Land      : 10 hectares                  1 plot of vacant agriculture land                                             2.1                      -                     1994 
8      Ulu Yam, Hulu Selangor                    Freehold                    Land      : 39 hectares                  1 plot of vacant building land                                                15.0                      -                     1994 
9      Ulu Yam, Hulu Selangor                    Freehold                    Land      : 4 hectares                    3 plots of vacant agriculture land                                            1.2                      -                     1994 
10    Pulau Indah, Klang                           Leasehold                  Land      : 18 hectares                  5 plots of vacant industrial land & improvements                14.0                      -                     1997 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 72 years)                    
 
 
FEDERAL TERRITORY OF  
KUALA LUMPUR                                      
1      Taman U Thant, Kuala Lumpur        Freehold                    Built-up  : 178 sq.metres              1 unit of Desa Angkasa Apartment                                          0.2                   37                     1988 
2      Jalan Sultan Ismail, Kuala Lumpur  Freehold                    Land      : 3,915 sq.metres           Wisma Genting - 25-level ofﬁce building with                     207.5                   38                     2009 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 63,047 sq.metres         6-level of basement carpark                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                       

---- Page 181 ----
LIST OF PROPERTIES HELD
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
as at 31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
7 6 5 3 2 14
179
8Additional Information
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                NET BOOK 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            VALUE AS AT         AGE OF 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       31 DEC 2023      BUILDING              YEAR OF 
LOCATION                                            TENURE                    APPROXIMATE AREA                  DESCRIPTION                                                       (RM'million)         (Years)     ACQUISITION 
 
STATE OF 
TERENGGANU DARUL IMAN                                                    
1      Kijal, Kemaman                                 Leasehold                 Land      : 259 hectares                4 plots of resort/property development land                          8.5                      -                     1997 
                                                                   (unexpired lease      Land      : 51 hectares                  18-hole Resorts World Kijal Golf Course                                   5.6                      -                     1997 
                                                                   period of 68 years)   Built-up  : 35,563 sq.metres         7-storey Resorts World Kijal Hotel                                             44.9                   27                     1997 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 1,757 sq.metres           27 units of Baiduri Apartments                                                  0.6                   29                     1995 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 7,278 sq.metres           96 units of Angsana Apartments                                              4.0                   28                     1996 
                                                                   Leasehold                 Land      : 18 hectares                  16 plots of resort/property development land                        1.4                      -                     2002 
                                                                   (unexpired lease 
                                                                   period of 68 years)                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                   Leasehold                  Land      : 10 hectares                  1 plot of resort/property development land                           1.5                      -                     1997 
                                                                   (unexpired lease 
                                                                   period of 78 years) 
 
 
STATE OF 
KEDAH DARUL AMAN 
1      Tanjung Malai, Langkawi                 Leasehold                 Land      : 14 hectares                  5 plots of building land                                                              8.9                      -                     1997 
                                                                   (unexpired lease      Built-up  : 20,957 sq.metres         3-5 storey Resorts World Langkawi Hotel,                               53.2                   26                     1997 
                                                                   period of 64 years)                                                          Convention Centre & Multipurpose Hall                                                                                            
 
 
UNITED KINGDOM 
1      Newcastle                                          Freehold                    Built-up  : 1,464 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              15.6                   29                     2010 
2      Salford                                                Freehold                    Built-up  : 1,058 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                                9.3                   26                     2010 
3      Wirral                                                   Freehold                    Built-up  : 860 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                                8.3                   44                     2010 
4      Leicester                                             Freehold                    Built-up  : 755 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                                8.3                   44                     2010 
5      Bournemouth                                     Freehold                    Built-up  : 860 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                                8.2                124                     2010 
6      Southampton                                    Freehold                    Built-up  : 797 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                              12.2                124                     2010 
7      Bolton                                                 Freehold                    Built-up  : 808 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                                6.2                124                     2010 
8      Glasgow                                             Freehold                    Built-up  : 3,402 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              33.5                137                     2010 
9      Crockfords                                         Freehold                    Built-up  : 1,907 sq.metres           Vacant                                                                                    296.1                253                     2010 
10    Cromwell Mint                                   Freehold                    Built-up  : 2,061 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                             49.1                112                     2010 
11    Brighton (9 Preston St)                      Freehold                    Built-up  : 85 sq.metres                Vacant retail building                                                                0.3                   57                     2010 
12    508 Sauchiehall St. Glasgow           Freehold                    Built-up  : 292 sq.metres              Vacant retail building                                                                1.6                137                     2011 
13    Luton                                                   Leasehold                 Built-up  : 984 sq.metres              2 Casino Clubs                                                                           7.0                   42                     2010 
       (Luton Casino & Luton Electric)       (unexpired lease                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                   period of 968 years) 
14    Brighton                                              Leasehold                  Built-up  : 458 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                                4.5                   63                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                   period of 952 years) 
15    Westcliff Electric                                 Leasehold                  Built-up  : 836 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                              30.2                   97                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 51 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
16    Westcliff                                              Leasehold                 Built-up  : 4,529 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                                2.7                   97                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 51 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
17    Derby                                                  Leasehold                 Built-up  : 2,150 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              <0.1                   14                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 12 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
18    Birmingham Edgbaston                   Leasehold                 Built-up  : 1,488 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              16.0                115                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 11 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
19    Liverpool Renshaw Street                 Leasehold                 Built-up  : 1,498 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              15.6                122                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 15 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
20    Shefﬁeld                                              Leasehold                 Built-up  : 2,973 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              28.5                   16                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 20 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
21    Resorts World Birmingham               Leasehold                 Built-up  : 39,948 sq.metres         Resort (Casino, hotel, restaurants and shops)                   467.2                     8                     2015 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 90 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
22    AB Leicester/Cank St                        Leasehold                 Built-up  : 68 sq.metres                Vacant                                                                                      <0.1                   96                     2010 
       (Leicester Electric)                             (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 0 year)                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
23    Liverpool Queen Square                  Leasehold                 Built-up  : 2,230 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              14.5                   35                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 9 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
24    Palm Beach                                       Leasehold                 Built-up  : 1,489 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                                7.7                   30                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 3 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
25    Coventry                                             Leasehold                 Built-up  : 1,309 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                                3.1                   31                     2012 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 4 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
26    Edinburgh York Place                       Leasehold                 Built-up  : 767 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                              <0.1                162                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 4 years) 
27    Nottingham                                       Leasehold                 Built-up  : 2,508 sq.metres           Vacant                                                                                      <0.1                   30                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 3 years)

---- Page 182 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
LIST OF PROPERTIES HELD
as at 31 December 2023 (cont’ d)
1 2 3 5 6 74
180
Additional Information8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                NET BOOK 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            VALUE AS AT         AGE OF 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       31 DEC 2023      BUILDING              YEAR OF 
LOCATION                                            TENURE                    APPROXIMATE AREA                  DESCRIPTION                                                       (RM'million)         (Years)     ACQUISITION 
 
UNITED KINGDOM                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
28    Stoke                                                   Leasehold                 Built-up  : 2,415 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                                4.2                   45                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 3 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
29    Colony                                                Leasehold                 Built-up  : 1,594 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                                8.5                115                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 6 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
30    Manchester                                       Leasehold                 Built-up  : 3,003 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                                3.9                115                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 8 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
31    Birmingham Star City                        Leasehold                 Built-up  : 6,503 sq.metres           Vacant                                                                                      <0.1                   30                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 4 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
32    Blackpool                                           Leasehold                 Built-up  : 1,354 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              13.0                115                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 10 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
33    Birmingham Hurst Street                   Leasehold                 Built-up  : 1,181 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              <0.1                   65                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 8 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
34    Reading                                             Leasehold                 Built-up  : 1,682 sq.metres           2 Casino Clubs                                                                           6.8                   45                     2010 
       (Reading Club & Reading Electric)(unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 7 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
35    Carlton Derby (Derby Maxims)        Leasehold                 Built-up  : 546 sq.metres              Vacant                                                                                      <0.1                115                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 10 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
36    Edinburg Fountain Park                    Leasehold                 Built-up  : 2,415 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                              10.9                   30                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 8 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
37    Plymouth                                            Leasehold                 Built-up  : 575 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                              <0.1                   82                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 1 year)                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
38    London China Town                         Leasehold                 Built-up  : 600 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                              <0.1                   62                     2011 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 4 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
39    Plymouth Derry Cross                        Leasehold                 Built-up  : 2,137 sq.metres           Vacant                                                                                      <0.1                   17                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 10 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
40    Portsmouth Electric                           Leasehold                 Built-up  : 120 sq.metres              Vacant                                                                                         0.5                   87                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 0 year)                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
41    Dudley                                                Leasehold                 Built-up  : 998 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                              <0.1                      -                     2022 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 9 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
42    Stockport                                            Leasehold                 Built-up  : 640 sq.metres              Casino Club                                                                                0.5                      -                     2022 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 19 years) 
43    Wolverhampton                                Leasehold                 Built-up  : 2,650 sq.metres           Casino Club                                                                                0.1                      -                     2022 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 19 years) 
 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
1      1601 Biscayne Boulevard, Miami    Freehold                    Land      : 0.1 hectare                  1 plot of building land                                                             58.6                      -                     2011 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 184,412 sq.metres       Ofﬁce Building, Retail Building & Parking Garage              345.4                   49                     2011 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 78,968 sq.metres         29-storey Omni Hilton Hotel                                                   356.8                   47                     2011 
2      Downtown Miami, Miami                 Freehold                    Land      : 0.9 hectare                  1 plot of building land                                                             75.9                      -                     2011 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 74 sq.metres                Checkers Drive-In Restaurant                                                                           31                     2011 
                                                                                                       Land      : 5.6 hectares                 1 plot of building land                                                        1,102.9                      -                     2011 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 70,421 sq.metres         7-storey Miami Herald building                                                                         61                     2011 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 2,388 sq.metres           2-storey Boulevard shops                                                                                  94                     2011 
                                                                                                       Land      : 0.5 hectare                  10 plots of vacant land                                                            18.3                      -                     2011 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 389 sq.metres              1 unit of Marquis Condominium                                               6.0                   16                     2011 
3      Queens, New York                            Leasehold                 Built-up  : 52,955 sq.metres         Casino                                                                                  1,851.4                   83                     2010 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 25 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                   Leasehold                 Built-up  : 5,667 sq.metres           Casino - Podium 1A                                                               237.4                     5                     2019 
                                                                   (unexpired lease  
                                                                   period of 25 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                   Leasehold                 Built-up  : 25,179 sq.metres         Casino - Podium 1B                                                             1,181.8                     3                     2021 
                                                                   (unexpired lease                                                             Grand Lobby & Hotel Tower 
                                                                   period of 25 years)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 
BAHAMAS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
1      North Bimini, Bahamas                     Freehold                    Land      : 6.6 hectares                 1 plot of building land                                                             12.3                      -                     2013 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 929 sq.metres              Casino                                                                                       96.9                   11                     2013 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 12,295 sq.metres         Jetty Phase 1                                                                             94.3                   10                     2014 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 3,902 sq.metres           Jetty Phase 2                                                                             78.7                     4                     2020 
                                                                                                       Land      : 6.4 hectares                 Resort land with hotel                                                            421.1                     9                     2015 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 17,130 sq.metres                                                                                                                                                                         
2      Bimini, Bahamas                                Freehold                    Land      : 0.5 hectare                  Warehouse                                                                                48.1                     6                     2018 
                                                                                                       Land      : 5.2 hectares                 Beach club                                                                               52.8                     5                     2019 
                                                                                                       Built-up  : 2,323 sq.metres           Warehouse building                                                                   5.1                     6                     2018

---- Page 183 ----
 ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
7 6 5 3 2 14
181
8Additional Information
Class of Shares : Ordinary Shares 
Voting Rights  
•On a show of hands : 1 vote  
• On a poll : 1 vote for each share held  
As at 21 March 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: * Excluding 270,302,915 shares bought back and retained by the Company as treasury shares. 
 
THIRTY (30) LARGEST SECURITIES ACCOUNT HOLDERS AS PER RECORD OF DEPOSITORS AS AT 21 MARCH 2024 
(without aggregating the securities from different securities accounts belonging to the same depositor)
Size of Holdings No. of Shareholders % of Shareholders No. of Shares* % of Shares
Less than 100 
100 – 1,000 
1,001 – 10,000 
10,001 – 100,000 
100,001 to less than 5% of issued shares 
5% and above of issued shares
3,146 
28,295 
64,746 
21,938 
2,458 
3 
2.609 
23.465 
53.693 
18.193 
2.038 
0.002 
21,757 
20,600,510 
291,026,499 
648,219,663 
2,076,656,145 
2,631,217,159 
0.000 
0.363 
5.135 
11.437 
36.640 
46.425
Total 120,586 100.000 5,667,741,733 100.000
Name No. of Shares % of Shares
1. Genting Berhad 
2. Genting Berhad 
3. Genting Berhad 
4. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
  Exempt AN For AIA Bhd  
5. Genting Berhad 
6. Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
  Exempt AN For State Street Bank & Trust Company (WEST CLT OD67) 
7. Genting Berhad 
8. Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
  PAMB For Prulink Equity Fund 
9. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
  JPMCB NA For Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 
10. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
  JPMCB NA For Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund 
11. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
  Exempt AN For Citibank New York (Norges Bank 14) 
12. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
  CBNY For Norges Bank (FI 17) 
13. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
  Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (PAR 1) 
14. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
  CB Spore GW For Government of Singapore (GIC C) 
15. Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
  Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad For Prulink Strategic Fund 
16. Maybank Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
  Maybank Trustees Berhad For Public Regular Savings Fund (N14011940100) 
17. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd  
  JPMCB NA For Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company Institutional Total International   
  Stock Market Index Trust II 
18. Genting Berhad 
19. Amanahraya Trustees Berhad 
  Public South-East Asia Select Fund 
20. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
    UBS AG 
21. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
    Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (PAR 3) 
22. HSBC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
    HSBC (M) Trustee Bhd For Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad (MEF) 
23. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
  JPMCB NA For Blackrock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. Investment Funds For   
  Employee Beneﬁt Trusts 
24. Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
    SSBT Fund SWTO For California Public Employees Retirement System 
25. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
    Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (LEEF) 
26. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
    Exempt AN For The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (Global Markets) 
27. CIMB Group Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
    CIMB Bank Berhad (EDP 2) 
28. Hong Leong Assurance Berhad 
    As Beneﬁcial Owner (Unitlinked BCF) 
29. Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
  SSBT Fund ZV86 For State Street Global Advisors Trust Company Investment Funds   
  For Tax Exempt Retirement Plans 
30. Alliancegroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
    Pledged Securities Account For Ta Kin Yan (7000778) 
900,000,000 
900,000,000 
831,217,159 
 
114,194,700 
96,241,500 
 
57,227,800 
49,430,500 
 
39,424,800 
 
38,794,219 
 
38,673,337 
 
31,633,700 
 
31,484,506 
 
24,527,400 
 
23,330,787 
 
22,849,600 
 
21,425,400 
 
 
19,074,100 
18,900,000 
 
18,634,000 
 
17,928,257 
 
17,234,400 
 
15,886,400 
 
 
15,038,200 
 
11,943,900 
 
11,726,800 
 
11,560,618 
 
11,213,200 
 
11,171,800 
 
 
10,973,515 
 
10,590,000 
15.879 
15.879 
14.666 
 
2.015 
1.698 
 
1.010 
0.872 
 
0.696 
 
0.684 
 
0.682 
 
0.558 
 
0.556 
 
0.433 
 
0.412 
 
0.403 
 
0.378 
 
 
0.337 
0.333 
 
0.329 
 
0.316 
 
0.304 
 
0.280 
 
 
0.265 
 
0.211 
 
0.207 
 
0.204 
 
0.198 
 
0.197 
 
 
0.194 
 
0.187 
Total 3,422,330,598 60.383

---- Page 184 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
 ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS (cont’d)182
1 2 3 5 6 74 Additional Information8
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS PER REGISTER OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 21 MARCH 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Notes: 
 
(1) Deemed interest through GENT. 
 
(2) Deemed interest through KHR and GENT. 
 
(3) Deemed interest by virtue of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui being: 
 
(a) beneﬁciaries of a discretionary trust of which PMSB is the trustee. PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust owns 
100% of the voting shares of KHIL which in turn owns 100% of the voting shares of KHR. KHR owns more than 20% of 
the voting shares of GENT which in turn owns ordinary shares in Genting Malaysia Berhad (“GENM”). As such, PMSB 
as trustee of the discretionary trust is deemed interested in the ordinary shares of GENM held by GENT as it is entitled 
to exercise or control the exercise of not less than 20% of the votes attached to the voting shares in GENT. PMSB as 
trustee of the discretionary trust is also deemed interested in the ordinary shares of GENM held by KHR by virtue of 
its controlling interest in KHR; and 
 
(b) beneﬁciaries of a discretionary trust of which Summerhill Trust Company (Isle of Man) Limited (“STC”) is the trustee. 
Golden Hope Limited (“GHL”) acts as trustee of the Golden Hope Unit Trust (“GHUT”), a private unit trust whose 
voting units are ultimately owned by STC as trustee of the discretionary trust. GHL as trustee of the GHUT owns 
ordinary shares in GENM. 
 
DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS AS PER THE REGISTERS PURSUANT TO THE COMPANIES ACT 2016 AS AT 21 MARCH 2024 
 
INTEREST IN THE COMPANY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No. of Shares 
Direct Interest % of Shares Deemed Interest % of Shares
Genting Berhad (“GENT”) 
Kien Huat Realty Sdn Berhad (“KHR”) 
Kien Huat International Limited (“KHIL”) 
Parkview Management Sdn Bhd (“PMSB”)   
  as trustee of a discretionary trust 
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay  
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui 
2,795,789,159 
1,198,930 
- 
 
- 
- 
4,280,322
49.33 
0.02 
- 
 
- 
- 
0.08
- 
2,795,789,159(1) 
2,796,988,089(2) 
 
2,796,988,089(2) 
2,796,992,189(3) 
2,796,992,189(3)
- 
49.33 
49.35 
 
49.35 
49.35 
49.35
Name
No. of Shares 
Direct Interest % of Shares Deemed Interest % of Shares
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan 
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay(5a)  
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui  
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan(5b) 
Mr Quah Chek Tin 
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.)     
  Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R) 
Mr Teo Eng Siong(5c)  
Dato’ Koh Hong Sun  
Mr Ho Heng Chuan(5e)
732,000 
- 
4,280,322 
4,831,960 
5,000 
 
10,000 
540,000 
40,000 
-
0.0129 
- 
0.0755 
0.0853 
0.0001 
 
0.0002 
0.0095 
0.0007 
-
- 
2,796,992,189(1) 
2,796,992,189(1) 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
-
- 
49.3493 
49.3493 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
-

---- Page 185 ----
 ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS (cont’d) 
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
183
DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS AS PER THE REGISTERS PURSUANT TO THE COMPANIES ACT 2016 AS AT 21 MARCH 2024 
(cont’d) 
 
INTEREST IN GENTING BERHAD (“GENT”), A COMPANY WHICH OWNS 49.33% EQUITY INTEREST IN THE COMPANY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTEREST IN GENTING PLANTATIONS BERHAD (“GENP”), A SUBSIDIARY OF GENTING BERHAD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTEREST IN GENTING SINGAPORE LIMITED (“GENS”), A SUBSIDIARY OF GENTING BERHAD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) Deemed interest by virtue of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui being: 
 
(a) beneﬁciaries of a discretionary trust of which Parkview Management Sdn Bhd (“PMSB”) is the trustee. PMSB as trustee 
of the discretionary trust owns 100% of the voting shares of Kien Huat International Limited (“KHIL”) which in turn 
owns 100% of the voting shares of Kien Huat Realty Sdn Berhad (“KHR”). KHR owns more than 20% of the voting 
shares of GENT which in turn owns ordinary shares in Genting Malaysia Berhad (“GENM”). As such, PMSB as trustee 
of the discretionary trust is deemed interested in the ordinary shares of GENM held by GENT as it is entitled to exercise 
or control the exercise of not less than 20% of the votes attached to the voting shares in GENT. PMSB as trustee of 
the discretionary trust is also deemed interested in the ordinary shares of GENM held by KHR by virtue of its controlling 
interest in KHR; and 
 
(b) beneﬁciaries of a discretionary trust of which Summerhill Trust Company (Isle of Man) Limited (“STC”) is the trustee. 
Golden Hope Limited (“GHL”) acts as trustee of the Golden Hope Unit Trust (“GHUT”), a private unit trust whose 
voting units are ultimately owned by STC as trustee of the discretionary trust. GHL as trustee of the GHUT owns 
ordinary shares in GENM. 
 
(2) Deemed interest by virtue of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui being beneﬁciaries of a discretionary 
trust of which PMSB is the trustee. PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust owns 100% of the voting shares of KHIL which 
in turn owns 100% of the voting shares in KHR. As such, PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust is deemed interested in 
the ordinary shares of GENT held by KHIL and KHR by virtue of its controlling interest in KHIL and KHR.
Name
No. of Shares 
Direct Interest % of Shares Deemed Interest % of Shares
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan 
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay 
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui  
Dato’ Sri Lee Choong Yan 
Mr Quah Chek Tin 
Gen. Dato’ Seri DiRaja Tan Sri (Dr.)     
  Mohd Zahidi bin Hj Zainuddin (R) 
Mr Teo Eng Siong
1,264,192 
15,695,063  
- 
937,585 
1,190,438 
 
988,292 
100,000
0.0105 
0.1300 
- 
0.0078 
0.0099 
 
0.0082 
0.0008
- 
6,353,828,069(4) 
6,353,828,069(4) 
- 
- 
 
- 
-
- 
52.6326 
52.6326 
- 
- 
 
- 
-
Name
No. of Shares 
Direct Interest % of Shares Deemed Interest % of Shares
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay  
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui 
Mr Quah Chek Tin(5d)  
Mr Teo Eng Siong 
Mr Ho Heng Chuan(5f)
- 
- 
6,250 
100,000 
205,000
- 
- 
0.0002 
0.0026 
0.0053
1,694,779,090(2) 
1,694,779,090(2) 
- 
- 
-
44.0137 
44.0137 
- 
- 
-
Name
No. of Shares 
Direct Interest % of Shares Deemed Interest % of Shares
Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay  
Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui 
Mr Teo Eng Siong
442,800 
- 
9,600
0.0494 
- 
0.0011
488,406,000(3) 
488,406,000(3) 
-
54.4390 
54.4390 
-
7 6 5 3 2 148Additional Information

---- Page 186 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
 ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS (cont’d)
1 2 3 5 6 74
184
Additional Information8
DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS AS PER THE REGISTERS PURSUANT TO THE COMPANIES ACT 2016 AS AT 21 MARCH 2024 
(cont’d) 
 
Notes: (cont’d) 
 
(3) Deemed interest by virtue of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui being beneﬁciaries of a discretionary 
trust of which PMSB is the trustee. PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust owns 100% of the voting shares of KHIL which 
in turn owns 100% of the voting shares in KHR. KHR owns more than 20% of the voting shares of GENT which in turn owns 
ordinary shares in GENP. As such, PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust is deemed interested in the ordinary shares 
of GENP held by GENT as it is entitled to exercise or control the exercise of not less than 20% of the votes attached to the 
voting shares in GENT.  
 
(4) Deemed interest by virtue of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay and Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui being beneﬁciaries of a discretionary 
trust of which PMSB is the trustee. 
 
PMSB as trustee of the discretionary trust is deemed interested in the shares of GENS held by KHR and Genting Overseas 
Holdings Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of GENT. KHR controls more than 20% of the voting share capital of GENT. 
 
(5) The following disclosures are made pursuant to Section 59(11)(c) of the Companies Act 2016: 
 
(a) Interests of Tan Sri Lim Kok Thay’s children (other than Dato’ Indera Lim Keong Hui who is a director of the Company) 
in the Company are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Dato’ Sri Lee Chong Yan’s spouse holds 2,000,000 ordinary shares (0.0353%) in the Company. 
(c) Mr Teo’s child holds 2,000 ordinary shares (negligible) in the Company. 
(d) Mr Quah’s spouse holds 1,250,000 ordinary shares (0.0325%) in GENT.  
(e) Mr Ho’s spouse holds 161,000 ordinary shares (0.0028%) in the Company.  
(f) Mr Ho’s spouse holds 75,000 ordinary shares (0.0019%) in GENT.  
 
 
OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Material Contracts 
 
Material contracts of the Company and its subsidiaries involving Directors and major shareholders either subsisting at the 
end of the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2023, or entered into since the end of the previous ﬁnancial year are disclosed 
in Note 45 to the ﬁnancial statements under “Signiﬁcant Related Party Disclosures” on pages 162 to 165 of this Integrated 
Annual Report. 
 
 
Name Ordinary Shares
Lim Keong Han 25,326 (0.0004%)
Lim Keong Loui 67,687 (0.0012%)

---- Page 187 ----
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
7 6 5 3 2 14
185
8Additional Information
AS ORDINARY BUSINESSES 
 
1. To lay before the meeting the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 and the Directors’ and Auditors’ Reports thereon. (Please see Explanatory 
Note A) 
 
2. To approve the payment of Directors’ fees totalling RM2,043,913 for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 comprising RM276,000 per annum for the Chairman of the Company 
and RM184,000 per annum for each of the other Directors. 
 
3. To approve the payment of Directors’ benefits-in-kind from the date immediately after the 
Forty-Fourth Annual General Meeting of the Company to the date of the next Annual General 
Meeting of the Company in 2025. (Please see Explanatory Note B) 
 
4. To re-elect Mr Quah Chek Tin as a Director of the Company who is retiring by rotation 
pursuant to Paragraph 107 of the Company’s Constitution.  (Please see Explanatory Note C)                   
 
5. To re-elect Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir as a Director of the Company pursuant to Paragraph 
112 of the Company’s Constitution. (Please see Explanatory Note C) 
 
6. To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT as Auditors of the Company and to authorise the 
Directors to fix their remuneration. 
 
AS SPECIAL BUSINESSES 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Ordinary Resolutions: 
 
7.Authority to Directors pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016 
 
“That, subject always to the Companies Act 2016, the Company’s Constitution, the Main 
Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“MMLR”) and the approval 
of any relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities, where such approval is required, 
the Directors be and are hereby authorised and empowered pursuant to Sections 75 and 
76 of the Companies Act 2016 to: 
 
(1) allot and issue shares in the Company; and/or 
(2) grant rights to subscribe for shares in the Company; and/or  
(3) convert any security into shares in the Company; and/or  
(4) allot shares under an agreement or option or offer, 
 
(collectively referred to as the “Authorised Transactions”) 
 
at any time and from time to time and upon such terms and conditions and for such 
purposes and to such persons as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion deem fit, 
provided that the aggregate number of shares allotted and issued, to be subscribed and/or 
converted for any one or more of the Authorised Transactions pursuant to this resolution, 
does not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) of the 
Company for the time being as prescribed by the MMLR and such authority under this 
resolution shall continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next Annual General 
Meeting of the Company or when it is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier, and 
that: 
 
(a) approval and authority be and are given to the Directors of the Company to take all 
such actions that may be necessary and/or desirable to give effect to this resolution 
and in connection therewith to enter into and execute on behalf of the Company any 
instrument, agreement and/or arrangement with any person, and in all cases with full 
power to assent to any condition, modification, variation and/or amendment (if any) in 
connection therewith; and 
 
(b) the Directors of the Company be and are also empowered to obtain the approval for 
the listing of and quotation for the additional shares so issued on Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad. ”
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Forty-Fourth Annual General Meeting of Genting Malaysia Berhad (“the Company”) will be 
held on a virtual basis through live streaming and online remote voting at the Broadcast Venue, 25th Floor, Wisma Genting, 
Jalan Sultan Ismail, 50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia via TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online on Wednesday, 12 June 2024 at 
10.00 a.m. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
(Ordinary Resolution 1) 
 
 
 
(Ordinary Resolution 2) 
 
 
(Ordinary Resolution 3) 
 
 
(Ordinary Resolution 4) 
 
 
(Ordinary Resolution 5) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Ordinary Resolution 6)

---- Page 188 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (cont’d)186
8. Proposed renewal of the authority for the Company to purchase its own shares 
 
“That, subject to compliance with all applicable laws, the Companies Act 2016, the 
Company’s Constitution, and the regulations and guidelines applied from time to time by 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”) and/or any other relevant regulatory 
authority: 
 
(a) approval and authority be and are given for the Company to utilise up to the total 
retained earnings of the Company, based on its latest audited financial statements 
available up to the date of the transaction, to purchase, from time to time during the 
validity of the approval and authority under this resolution, such number of ordinary 
shares in the Company (as may be determined by the Directors of the Company) on 
Bursa Securities upon such terms and conditions as the Directors of the Company may 
deem fit and expedient in the interests of the Company, provided that: 
 
(i) the aggregate number of shares to be purchased and/or held by the Company 
pursuant to this resolution does not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares 
of the Company at the time of purchase; and 
 
(ii) in the event that the Company ceases to hold all or any part of such shares as a 
result of (among others) cancellations, re-sales, transfers and/or distributions of any 
of these shares so purchased, the Company shall be entitled to further purchase 
and/or hold such additional number of shares as shall (in aggregate with the 
shares then still held by the Company) not exceed 10% of the total number of issued 
shares of the Company at the time of purchase; 
 
and based on the audited financial statements of the Company for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023, the balance of the Company’s retained earnings was 
approximately RM13,497.7 million; 
 
(b) the approval and authority conferred by this resolution shall commence on the passing 
of this resolution and shall remain valid and in full force and effect until: 
 
(i) the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company;  
 
(ii) the expiry of the period within which the next Annual General Meeting  is required 
by law to be held; or 
 
(iii) the same is revoked or varied by an ordinary resolution of the shareholders of the 
Company in a general meeting, 
 
whichever occurs first; 
 
(c) approval and authority be and are given to the Directors of the Company, in their 
absolute discretion: 
 
(i) to deal with the shares so purchased in the following manner: 
 
(A) to cancel such shares; 
(B) to retain such shares as treasury shares;  
(C) to retain part of such shares as treasury shares and cancel the remainder of 
such shares; and/or 
(D) in any other manner as may be prescribed by applicable law and/or the 
regulations and guidelines applied from time to time by Bursa Securities and/or 
any other relevant authority for the time being in force, 
 
and such authority to deal with such shares shall continue to be valid until all such 
shares have been dealt with by the Directors of the Company; and 
 
(ii) to deal with the existing treasury shares of the Company in the following manner:  
 
(A) to cancel all or part of such shares; 
(B) to distribute all or part of such shares as dividends to shareholders; 
(C) to resell all or part of such shares on Bursa Securities in accordance with the 
relevant rules of Bursa Securities;  
(D) to transfer all or part of such shares for the purposes of or under an employees’ 
share scheme; 
(E) to transfer all or part of such shares as purchase consideration; and/or 
(F) in any other manner as may be prescribed by applicable law and/or the 
regulations and guidelines applied from time to time by Bursa Securities and/or 
any other relevant authority for the time being in force, 
 
and such authority to deal with such shares shall continue to be valid until all such 
shares have been dealt with by the Directors of the Company; and
1 2 3 5 6 74 Additional Information8

---- Page 189 ----
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
187
(d) approval and authority be and are given to the Directors of the Company to take all 
such actions that may be necessary and/or desirable to give effect to this resolution 
and, in connection therewith: 
 
(i) to enter into and execute on behalf of the Company any instrument, agreement 
and/or arrangement with any person, and in all cases with full power to assent to 
any condition, modification, variation and/or amendment (if any) as may be 
imposed by any relevant regulatory authority or Bursa Securities, and/or as may be 
required in the best interest of the Company; and/or 
 
(ii) to do all such acts and things as the Directors may deem fit and expedient in the 
best interest of the Company. ” 
 
9. Proposed renewal of shareholders’ mandate for recurrent related party transactions of a 
revenue or trading nature and proposed new shareholders’ mandate for additional 
recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature 
 
“That approval and authority be and are hereby given for the Company and/or its 
subsidiaries to enter into any of the transactions falling within the types of recurrent related 
party transactions of a revenue or trading nature with the related parties (“Proposed 
Shareholders’ Mandate”) as set out in Section 2.3 of the Circular to Shareholders in relation 
to the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate, provided that such transactions are undertaken in 
the ordinary course of business, at arm’s length and based on commercial terms and on 
terms not more favourable to the related party than those generally available to/from the 
public and are not detrimental to the minority shareholders and that the breakdown of the 
aggregate value of the recurrent related party transactions conducted/to be conducted 
during the financial year, including the types of recurrent related party transactions made 
and the names of the related parties, will be disclosed in the integrated annual report of the 
Company pursuant to the requirements of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad; 
 
and such approval shall continue to be in force until: 
 
(i) the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company following 
this AGM at which such Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate is passed, at which time it will 
lapse, unless by a resolution passed at the meeting, the authority is renewed;  
 
(ii) the expiration of the period within which the next AGM of the Company after that date 
is required to be held pursuant to Section 340(2) of the Companies Act 2016 (but shall 
not extend to such extension as may be allowed pursuant to Section 340(4) of the 
Companies Act 2016); or  
 
(iii) revoked or varied by an ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company 
in a general meeting, 
 
whichever is the earlier. ”  
 
10. To transact any other business of which due notice shall have been given.  
 
 
 
By Order of the Board 
 
 
LOH BEE HONG 
MAICSA 7001361 
SSM Practicing Certiﬁcate No. 202008000906 
Secretary 
 
Kuala Lumpur 
19 April 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Ordinary Resolution 7)  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Ordinary Resolution 8) 
 
7 6 5 3 2 148Additional Information

---- Page 190 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad   |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (cont’d)
NOTES  
1. The Forty-Fourth Annual General Meeting (“44th AGM”) will be held on a virtual basis through live streaming and online 
remote voting at the Broadcast Venue using the Remote Participation and Voting Facilities (“RPV”) to be provided by the 
Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd (“Tricor”) via TIIH Online website at 
https://tiih.online. All the 44 th AGM related documents of the Company can be viewed and downloaded from the 
Company’s website at  https://www.gentingmalaysia.com/agm/ .  P lease follow the procedures set out in the 
Administrative Guide for the 44 th AGM which is available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.gentingmalaysia.com/agm/ to register, participate, speak and vote remotely via the RPV.  
2. The Broadcast Venue of the 44 th AGM is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 
2016 which stipulates that the Chairman shall be at the main venue of the 44 th AGM. Members will not be allowed to 
attend the 44th AGM in person at the Broadcast Venue on the day of the 44th AGM.  
3. A member who is entitled to attend, participate, speak and vote at the 44 th AGM via the RPV is entitled to appoint a proxy 
or in the case of a corporation, to appoint a duly authorised representative to attend, participate, speak and vote in 
his/her/its place. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointments shall be invalid unless the 
member speciﬁes the proportions of his/her/its shareholding to be represented by each proxy. A proxy need not be a 
member of the Company. There shall be no restriction as to the qualiﬁcation of the proxy. In the case of a corporation, 
the proxy form must be either under seal or signed by a duly authorised ofﬁcer or attorney.   
4. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company for 
multiple beneﬁcial owners in one (1) securities account (“Omnibus Account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies 
which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds. The appointment of 
two (2) or more proxies in respect of any particular Omnibus Account shall be invalid unless the exempt authorised 
nominee speciﬁes the proportion of its shareholdings to be represented by each proxy. An exempt authorised nominee 
refers to an authorised nominee deﬁned under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 (“SICDA”) which is 
exempted from compliance with the provisions of subsection 25A(1) of SICDA.  
5. The appointment of a proxy may be made in a hard copy form or by electronic means. Proxy forms must be submitted 
in the following manner, not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the 44th AGM or at any 
adjournment thereof:  
(i) In hard copy form   
The original signed proxy form must be deposited with Tricor at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, 
Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively, at Tricor’s Customer 
Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.  
(ii) By Tricor Online System (TIIH Online)   
The proxy form can be electronically submitted via TIIH Online at https://tiih.online. Please follow the procedures 
set out in the Administrative Guide.  
6. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all 
resolutions set out in the Notice of 44th AGM will be put to vote by poll.  
7. For the purpose of determining members who shall be entitled to attend the 44 th AGM, the Company shall be requesting 
Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd to issue a Record of Depositors as at 4 June 2024. Only depositors whose names 
appear on the Record of Depositors as at 4 June 2024 shall be entitled to attend the said meeting or appoint proxies to 
attend and vote on their behalf.  
Explanatory Note A  
This Agenda is meant for discussion only as under the provision of Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies Act 2016, the audited 
ﬁnancial statements do not require a formal approval of the shareholders. Hence, this matter will not be put forward for voting.  
Explanatory Note B   
Pursuant to Section 230(1) of the Companies Act 2016, shareholders’ approval will be sought for Ordinary Resolution 2 on the 
payment of Directors’ beneﬁts-in-kind from the date immediately after the 44th AGM of the Company to the date of the next 
Annual General Meeting of the Company in 2025 which is set out in the manner below: 
In the event that the Directors’ beneﬁts-in-kind payable to the Non-Executive Directors of the Company during the above 
period exceed the estimated amount sought at the forthcoming 44 th AGM of the Company, shareholders’ approval will be 
sought at the next Annual General Meeting for the additional amount to meet the shortfall. 
188
(A) Meeting Allowance (per meeting) Chairman Member
• Audit Committee 
• Risk Management Committee 
• Nomination Committee 
• Remuneration Committee 
RM7,700 
RM5,100 
RM5,100 
RM5,100 
RM5,100 
RM3,400 
RM3,400 
RM3,400 
(B) Other Beneﬁts Non-Executive Directors
Tele-communication facilities, car parking and other reimbursable/claimable beneﬁts-in-kind Up to RM60,000
1 2 3 5 6 74 Additional Information8

---- Page 191 ----
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (cont’d)
  Integrated Annual Report 2023  |  Genting Mala ysia Berhad
Explanatory Note C   
The Nomination Committee had in November 2023 assessed and recommended to the Board, the effectiveness and
 
performance of the Board, Board Committees and individual Directors (other than Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir who was 
appointed subsequent to the annual board assessment), including the Chief Executive, based on a set of prescribed criteria 
which was approved by the Board.    
In April 2024, the Nomination Committee, taking into consideration the annual assessment conducted in November 2023 
(where applicable) and the criteria prescribed in the Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy of the Company, evaluated and 
recommended to the Board, the proposed re-election of Mr Quah Chek Tin and Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir as Directors of 
the Company at the forthcoming 44th AGM (“Proposed Re-election”).   
The Board is satisﬁed and supports the Proposed Re-election as they have the relevant skill sets and experience and bring 
valuable insights and contribution to the Board.  The annual assessment has been disclosed in the Corporate Governance 
Report which is made available on the Company’s website at https://www.gentingmalaysia.com/agm/.  
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Alwi Jantan and Dato’ Koh Hong Sun who are due to retire by rotation pursuant to Paragraph 107 of the 
Company’s Constitution have given notice of their intention not to seek for re-election and will retire at the conclusion of this 
44th AGM.  
Explanatory Notes on Special Businesses  
(i) Ordinary Resolution 6, if passed, will renew the mandate given to the Directors of the Company, pursuant to Sections 75 
and 76 of the Companies Act 2016 (“Renewed Mandate”) for such purposes as the Directors may deem ﬁt and in the 
interest of the Company. The Renewed Mandate, unless revoked or varied at a general meeting, will expire at the 
conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.  
As at the date of this Notice, the Directors have not utilised the mandate to allot shares or grant rights given to the Directors 
at the 43rd Annual General Meeting held on 31 May 2023 and the said mandate will lapse at the conclusion of the 44 th 
AGM.  
The Company is seeking approval from the shareholders on the Renewed Mandate for the purpose of possible fund-
raising exercise including but not limited to placement of shares for purpose of funding future investment project(s), 
working capital and/or acquisitions and to avoid delay and cost in convening general meetings to approve such issue 
of shares.  
(ii) Ordinary Resolution 7, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company to purchase the Company’s shares of an 
aggregate amount of up to 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company for the time being (“Proposed 
Share Buy-Back Renewal”) by utilising up to the total retained earnings of the Company based on its latest audited 
ﬁnancial statements up to the date of the purchase. The authority under this resolution will expire at the conclusion of 
the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or the expiry of the period within which the next Annual General 
Meeting is required by law to be held, or the same is revoked or varied by an ordinary resolution of the shareholders of 
the Company in a general meeting, whichever occurs ﬁrst.  
Further information on the Proposed Share Buy-Back Renewal is set out in the Circular to Shareholders dated 19 April 
2024.  
(iii) Ordinary Resolution 8, if passed, will allow the Company and/or its subsidiaries to enter into recurrent related party 
transactions of a revenue or trading nature pursuant to the provisions of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate”). This authority will expire at the conclusion of the next 
Annual General Meeting of the Company or the expiry of the period within which the next Annual General Meeting is 
required by law to be held, unless revoked or varied by an ordinary resolution of the shareholders of the Company in a 
general meeting, whichever is earlier.   
Further information on the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate is set out in the Circular to Shareholders dated 19 April 2024.  
 
STATEMENT ACCOMPANYING NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  
Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad 
   
1. Details of individuals who are standing for election as Directors   
No individual is seeking election as a Director at the forthcoming Forty-Fourth Annual General Meeting of the Company 
(“44th AGM”).  
The information required pursuant to Practice 5.7 of the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance in relation to the 
Directors who are standing for re-election at the 44th AGM are provided in the Directors’ Proﬁle of the Integrated Annual 
Report 2023, including their latest interests in the shares of the Company disclosed under Analysis of Shareholding of the 
Integrated Annual Report 2023.  
2.   Statement relating to general mandate for issue of securities in accordance with Paragraph 6.03(3) of the Main 
Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad   
Details of the general mandate to issue securities in the Company pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 
2016 are set out in Explanatory Note (i) of the Notice of 44th AGM.  
189
7 6 5 3 2 148Additional Information

---- Page 192 ----
GENTING MALAYSIA BERHAD
198001004236 (58019-U)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
 
FORM OF PROXY 
(Before completing the form, please refer to the notes overleaf) 
 
 
I/We  
(FULL NAME IN BLOCK CAPITALS) 
 
 
NRIC No./Passport No./Co. No.: 
 
 
of  
(ADDRESS) 
 
 
 
 
 
being a member of GENTING MALAYSIA BERHAD hereby appoint 
 
 
 
 
*and/or failing him/her, 
 
 
 
 
or failing him/her, *the CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING as *my/our proxy(ies) to attend and vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the 
Forty-Fourth Annual General Meeting of the Company which will be held on a virtual basis through live streaming and online 
remote voting at the Broadcast Venue, 25th Floor, Wisma Genting, Jalan Sultan Ismail, 50250 Kuala Lumpur on Wednesday, 12 June 
2024 at 10.00 a.m. or at any adjournment thereof. 
 
 
* Delete if inapplicable 
NRIC No./Passport No. % of shareholding to be represented 
(Refer to Note 3) 
Name of Proxy 
(Full name) 
Proxy’s Contact No.Address
NRIC No./Passport No. % of shareholding to be represented 
(Refer to Note 3) 
Name of Proxy 
(Full name) 
Proxy’s Contact No.Address

---- Page 193 ----
NOTES 
 
1. The Forty-Fourth Annual General Meeting (“44th AGM”) will be held on a virtual basis through live streaming and online remote voting at the Broadcast Venue 
using the Remote Participation and Voting Facilities (“RPV”) to be provided by the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd 
(“Tricor”) via TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. All the 44th AGM related documents of the Company can be viewed and downloaded from the Company’s 
website at https://www.gentingmalaysia.com/agm/.  Please follow the procedures set out in the Administrative Guide for the 44th AGM which is available on 
the Company’s website at https://www.gentingmalaysia.com/agm/ to register, participate, speak and vote remotely via the RPV . 
 
2. The Broadcast Venue of the 44th AGM is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 which stipulates that the Chairman 
shall be at the main venue of the 44th AGM. Members will not be allowed to attend the 44th AGM in person at the Broadcast Venue on the day of the 44th AGM. 
 
3. A member who is entitled to attend, participate, speak and vote at the 44th AGM via the RPV is entitled to appoint a proxy or in the case of a corporation, to 
appoint a duly authorised representative to attend, participate, speak and vote in his/her/its place. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the 
appointments shall be invalid unless the member specifies the proportions of his/her/its shareholding to be represented by each proxy. A proxy need not be 
a member of the Company. There shall be no restriction as to the qualification of the proxy. In the case of a corporation, the proxy form must be either under 
seal or signed by a duly authorised officer or attorney.  
 
4. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one (1) 
securities account (“Omnibus Account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appo int in respect of each 
Omnibus Account it holds. The appointment of two (2) or more proxies in respect of any particular Omnibus Account shall be invalid unless the exempt 
authorised nominee specifies the proportion of its shareholdings to be represented by each proxy. An exempt authorised nominee refers to an authorised 
nominee defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 (“SICDA”) which is exempted from compliance with the provisions of subsection 
25A(1) of SICDA. 
 
5. The appointment of a proxy may be made in a hard copy form or by electronic means. Proxy forms must be submitted in the following manner, not less than 
forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the 44th AGM or at any adjournment thereof: 
 
(i) In hard copy form 
 
The original signed proxy form must be deposited with Tricor at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan 
Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively, at Tricor’s Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar 
South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 
 
(ii)By Tricor Online System (TIIH Online) 
 
The proxy form can be electronically submitted via TIIH Online at https://tiih.online. Please follow the procedures set out in the Administrative Guide. 
 
6. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all resolutions set out in the Notice of 44 th AGM 
will be put to vote by poll. 
 
7. For the purpose of determining members who shall be entitled to attend the 44th AGM, the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd 
to issue a Record of Depositors as at 4 June 2024. Only depositors whose names appear on the Record of Depositors as at 4 June 2024 shall be entitled to 
attend the said meeting or appoint proxies to attend and vote on their behalf. 
CDS Account No. Shareholder’s Contact No.No. of Shares held
My/our proxy(ies) shall vote as follows: 
 
(Please indicate with an “X” or “√” in the spaces provided how you wish your votes to be cast. If you do not do so, the 
proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at his/her/their discretion.) 
 
 
Signed this                      day of                                            2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature of Member 
ORDINARY BUSINESS RESOLUTION For Against
To approve the payment of Directors’ fees for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 
December 2023
Ordinary Resolution 1
To approve the payment of Directors’ beneﬁts-in-kind from the date 
immediately after the Forty-Fourth Annual General Meeting of the Company 
to the date of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company in 2025
Ordinary Resolution 2
To re-elect Mr Quah Chek Tin as a Director who is retiring by rotation pursuant 
to Paragraph 107 of the Company’s Constitution
Ordinary Resolution 3
To re-elect Puan Norazilla binti Md Tahir as a Director pursuant to Paragraph 
112 of the Company’s Constitution
Ordinary Resolution 4
To re-appoint Auditors and authorise the Directors to ﬁx their remuneration Ordinary Resolution 5 
SPECIAL BUSINESS
To approve the authority to Directors pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the 
Companies Act 2016 
Ordinary Resolution 6 
To approve the proposed renewal of the authority for the Company to 
purchase its own shares
Ordinary Resolution 7 
To approve the proposed shareholders’ mandate for recurrent related party 
transactions of a revenue or trading nature
Ordinary Resolution 8 

---- Page 194 ----
Genting Malaysia Berhad  |  Integrated Annual Report 2023
GROUP OFFICES
GENTING MALAYSIA BERHAD 
23rd Floor, Wisma Genting 
Jalan Sultan Ismail 
50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
T :  +603 2178 2288 / 2333 2288 
F :  +603 2161 5304 
E :  ir.genm@gentingmalaysia.com 
CORPORATE OFFICE 
 
Genting UK Plc 
Genting Club Star City 
Watson Road, Birmingham 
B7 5SA, United Kingdom 
T :  +44 121 325 7760 
F :  +44 121 325 7761 
www.genting.co.uk 
 
Genting New York, LLC 
110-00 Rockaway Blvd. 
Jamaica, NY 11420, USA 
T :  +1 888 888 8801 
www.rwnewyork.com 
 
Resorts World Bimini 
C/O Bimini Superfast Operations LLC 
1501 Biscayne Blvd 
Suite 500 
Miami, FL 33132 
T :  +1 305 374 6664 
www.rwbimini.com 
 
 
RESORTS 
 
Resorts World Genting 
69000 Pahang, Malaysia 
T :  +603 6101 1118 
F :  +603 6101 1888 
www.rwgenting.com 
 
Resorts World Birmingham 
Pendigo Way 
Birmingham 
B40 1PU 
United Kingdom 
T :  +44 121 273 1200 
www.resortsworldbirmingham.co.uk 
 
Resorts World New York City 
110-00 Rockaway Blvd. 
Jamaica, NY 11420, USA 
T :  +1 888 888 8801 
E :  guestfeedback@rwnewyork.com 
www.rwnewyork.com 
 
Resorts World Catskills 
888 Resorts World Drive 
Monticello, NY 12701, USA 
T :  +1 833 586 9358 
E :  guestservices@rwcatskills.com  
www.rwcatskills.com 
 
Resorts World Bimini 
North Bimini 
Commonwealth of the Bahamas 
T :  +1 888 930 8688 
www.rwbimini.com 
 
Resorts World Hudson Valley 
1401 NY-300 
Newburgh, NY 12550 USA 
T :  +1 845 428 7450 
www.rwhudsonvalleyny.com 
 
Hilton Miami Downtown 
1601 Biscayne Boulevard 
Miami, FL 33132 USA 
T :  +1 305 714 3859 
F :  +1 305 714 3654 
 
Resorts World Awana 
8th Mile, Genting Highlands 
69000 Pahang, Malaysia 
T :  +603 6436 9000 
F :  +603 6101 3535 
www.rwawana.com 
 
Resorts World Kijal 
KM 28, Jalan Kemaman-Dungun 
24100 Kijal, Kemaman 
Terengganu, Malaysia 
T :  +609 864 1188 
F :  +609 864 1688 
www.rwkijal.com 
 
Resorts World Langkawi 
Tanjung Malai, 
07000 Langkawi 
Kedah, Malaysia 
T :  +604 955 5111 
F :  +604 955 5222 
www.rwlangkawi.com 
 
 
SALES & RESERVATIONS OFFICES 
 
One Hub Reservation 
Genting Rewards Services  
69000 Pahang, Malaysia 
T:   +603 2718 1118 
Enquiry E-mail: 
customercare@rwgenting.com 
Book online at www.rwgenting.com or 
reach out through RWG Chatbot at 
www.rwgenting.com 
 
 
Meetings, Incentives, 
Conventions & Exhibitions (MICE) 
23rd Floor, Wisma Genting 
Jalan Sultan Ismail 
50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
T :  +603 2718 1838 
E : meetings-events@rwgenting.com 
www.rwgenting.com 
 
Resorts World Tours Sdn Bhd 
23rd Floor, Wisma Genting 
Jalan Sultan Ismail 
50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
T :  +603 2333 3214 / 6663 / 6702                
     (Airline ticketing) 
     +603 2333 3254 / 6504 
       (Tours Division) 
F :  +603 2333 6995 
E : resortsworldtour@rwgenting.com 
 
 
OTHER SERVICES 
 
Limousine Services at Resort 
69000 Genting Highlands, 
Pahang, Darul Makmur, Malaysia 
T :  +603 6105 9584 / 9585 
E :  TransportReservation-Limousine@ 
     rwgenting.com 
 
Tour & Express Bus Services 
Awana Bus Terminal, 
69000 Genting Highlands, 
Pahang, Darul Makmur, Malaysia 
T :  +6012 332 6386 
E :  TransportTourShuttle@rwgenting.com 
 
 
OVERSEAS SALES / BRANCH / 
REPRESENTATIVE / 
WORLDCARD OFFICES 
 
India – Mumbai 
Resorts World Travel Services Pte Ltd # 
B-003, Knox Plaza, Off Link Road  
Malad West 
Mumbai 400064, India 
 
China - Shanghai 
Widuri Pelangi Sdn Bhd # 
RM1404 LanSheng Building  
2-8, Middle HuaiHai Road 
200021 Shanghai 
T :  +86 6316 7923 / 6315 3576 
F :  +86 21 6329 6256 
 
# Representative Ofﬁce

---- Page 195 ----


---- Page 196 ----