---- Page 1 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2024

---- Page 2 ----
Rationale
Greatech dedicates itself to accelerating the future through 
the pace of our growth which will definitely bring about a 
brighter future. We are devoted to improving the growth 
rate of our Group through our innovations, inventions and 
production capabilities. By innovating our methods of 
managing our business operations, constantly inventing new 
technologies that will fascinate customers and improve our 
production capabilities, such advancements will increase the 
pace of our development and ensure that we stay ahead in 
the race for our customers. Greatech always look into the 
future before anyone does, set goals ahead of time and 
work towards these goals, Greatech is leading towards a 
future where innovations, technological advancements and 
ameliorated lifestyles thrive.
Accelerate the FUTURE
What’s Inside 
This Report
Vision, Mission & Core Values
Corporate Information
Corporate Structure
Profile of Directors
Profile of Key Senior Management Team
02
04
07
08
16
Corporate Overview01
Chairman’s Statement
Management Discussion & Analysis
21
24
Performance Review02
Sustainability03
Sustainability Report 36
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
Audit and Risk Management Committee Report
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
Additional Compliance Information
Statement of Directors’ Responsibility
93
122
128
135
136
04 Governance
List of Properties
Analysis of Shareholdings
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Statement Accompanying Notice of Annual General 
Meeting
Proxy Form
217
219
222
228
Enclosed
Additional Information06
Financial Statements05
Financial Statements 137
For more information, visit our website
www.greatech-group.com

---- Page 3 ----
02
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Vision, Mission & Core Values
We are dedicated to be a market leader 
in factory automation by delivering 
cutting edge automation solutions.
VISION
We are committed to deliver excellent 
value to our customers by providing 
talent, technology solutions and world 
class services support.
MISSION

---- Page 4 ----
03
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
These core values have developed into a company culture in Greatech that 
encourage us to continue striving for Greatness.
CORE VALUES
Vision, Mission & Core Values
Integrity
Accountable to 
being Ethical
Distinctive 
Technology and 
Services
Innovation Commitment
Manufacturing 
Excellence
Care & 
Respect
People and 
Teamwork
Performance 
Driven
Continuous 
Improvement
Customer 
- Oriented
Partnership for 
Success

---- Page 5 ----
04
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Electronic
Device
Glass
Substrate
Solar Life 
Science
Semiconductor Energy 
Storage
Corporate Information
ABOUT US
Greatech Technology Berhad (“Greatech” or the 
“Company”), established in 2018, along with its subsidiaries 
(the “Group” or “Greatech Group”), was listed on the 
ACE Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa 
Securities”) on 13 June 2019. The Company successfully 
completed its transfer to the Main Market of Bursa Securities 
on 28 December 2020. As a prominent automation solutions 
provider headquartered in Penang, Malaysia, Greatech 
specialises in the design, development, and manufacturing 
of systems, machinery and equipment tailored to various 
manufacturing processes. Additionally, we offer value-added 
services such as parts supply, training and comprehensive 
after-sales support.
The Greatech Group serves a broad range of clients across 
various industries, including solar, e-mobility, life sciences, 
semiconductor and consumer electronics. Our machinery 
and equipment are utilised worldwide, with installations in 
countries such as India, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, United 
States of America and several European Union nations.
The Group places significant emphasis on manifesting its 
values in daily operations and fosters a culture of continuous 
improvement by actively engaging its employees in the 
pursuit of excellence.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHT FY2024
REVENUE
RM752.37 million
 (14.2% increase from FY2023)
EMPLOYEES
1,591
RETURN ON EQUITY
16.9%
NET CASH & CASH EQUIVALENTS
RM232.82 million(Employees, Government, Suppliers, 
Capital Providers and Communities)
ECONOMIC VALUE DISTRIBUTED
RM495.93 million


---- Page 6 ----
05
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Corporate Information
QUARTER 1
1 JANUARY - 31 MARCH Greatech successfully established a wholly owned subsidiary in Singapore, enhancing 
strategic presence in the Asia-Pacific region.
MARCH
QUARTER 2
1 APRIL - 30 JUNE Celebration for reaching 1,500 Greatechies with a special event themed “CEO Buys 
You Lunch 2.0”, just 20 months after surpassing 1,000 Greatechies in 2022.
MAY
Maintain in both the FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index and the FTSE4Good Bursa 
Malaysia Shariah Index for 2024.
JUNE
QUARTER 3
1 JULY – 30 SEPTEMBER
AUGUST
Recognised in Forbes Asia’s “Best under a Billion 2024” for the third consecutive 
year, which highlights our consistent growth and performance among 200 public 
companies across the Asia-Pacific region with revenues under USD 1 billion. 
SEPTEMBER
Bonus shares listed on the Main Market of Bursa Securities.
Officially establish a new operational base in Singapore.
Achieved the top spot for the highest return-on-equity (“ROE”) over three years 
within the technology category at the 15 th Edition of The Edge Billion Ringgit Club 
for the second consecutive year.
Achieved two prestigious accolades at the National Corporate Governance & 
Sustainability Awards (“NCGSA”), among the assessed 854 public listed companies 
in Bursa’s Main Market and Ace Market. The awards include:
• Industry Excellence Award 2024 – Technology 
• Excellence Award 2024 TOP 50 – Ranked 39
QUARTER 4
1 OCTOBER – 31 DECEMBER
DECEMBER
Greatech proudly host our inaugural Family Day, Mega Mania Fiesta, featuring the 
tagline “Great in Unity, Care for Society”. This event aims to foster community 
spirit and camaraderie among employees and their families, with proceeds directed 
towards supporting selected community initiatives.
Awarded the Penang Green Incentives at The Green Pinang Awards 2024 organised 
by Penang Green Council.
MILESTONES
2024

---- Page 7 ----
06
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Corporate Information
SHARE REGISTRAR
CIMB Bank Berhad
PRINCIPAL BANKER
Main Market of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad  
Stock name :  GREATEC
Stock code  :  0208
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
AUDITORS
BDO PLT 
(201906000013 (LLP0018825-LCA & 
AF 0206))
51-21-F , Menara BHL
Jalan Sultan Ahmad Shah
10050 Pulau Pinang
Tel : (604) 222 0288
Fax : (604) 222 0299
Securities Services (Holdings) 
Sdn Bhd 
(Registration no. 197701005827 
(36869-T))
Suite 18.05, MWE Plaza
No. 8, Lebuh Farquhar
10200 George Town
Pulau Pinang
Tel : (604) 263 1966
Fax: : (604) 262 8544
Email : info@sshsb.com.my
DATO’ OOI BOON CHYE
Independent Non-Executive Chairman
DATO’ SERI TAN ENG KEE
Chief Executive Officer 
Executive Director
KHOR LEAN HENG
Chief Project Officer 
Re-designated from Chief Operating
Officer to Chief Project Officer with
effect from 1 March 2024
Executive Director
DATO’ OOI HOOI KIANG
Independent Non-Executive Director
DATO’ SERI WONG SIEW HAI
Independent Non-Executive Director
DR. MICHAEL DOMINIC KIRK
Independent Non-Executive Director
DR. KONG SIEW MUI
Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed with effect from 23 
February 2024
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
DR. KONG SIEW MUI
Chairman
Appointed on 25 May 2024
DATO’ OOI HOOI KIANG
Member
Re-designated from Chairman to 
member with effect from 25 May 
2024
DATO’ SERI WONG SIEW HAI
Member
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
AUDIT AND RISK 
MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
DATO’ OOI HOOI KIANG
Chairman
Re-designated from member to 
Chairman with effect from 25 May 2024
DATO’ SERI WONG SIEW HAI
Member 
DR. MICHAEL DOMINIC KIRK
Member 
Appointed as member on 25 May 2024
DR. KONG SIEW MUI
Member 
Appointed as member on 25 May 2024
COMPANY SECRETARIES
YEOW SZE MIN
SSM PC No. 201908003120 
(MAICSA 7065735)
LOW SEOW WEI 
SSM PC No. 202008000437 
(MAICSA 7053500)
Suite 18.05, MWE Plaza
No. 8, Lebuh Farquhar
10200 George Town
Pulau Pinang
Tel : (604) 263 1966
Fax : (604) 262 8544
Email : info@sshsb.com.my
REGISTERED OFFICE
Plot 287(A) 
Lengkok Kampung Jawa Satu
Bayan Lepas Free Industrial Zone Phase 3
11900 Bayan Lepas
Pulau Pinang
Tel : (604) 646 3260
Fax : (604) 646 3261
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
DATO’ SERI WONG SIEW HAI
Chairman
DATO’ OOI HOOI KIANG
Member
DR. KONG SIEW MUI
Member
Appointed on 25 May 2024
NOMINATING COMMITTEE

---- Page 8 ----
07
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Corporate Structure
Greatech Technology Berhad
Investment holding
100%
Greatech Integration (M) Sdn Bhd
Manufacture of automated equipment and 
provision of parts and services
100%
Greatech Mechatronics (Slovakia) s.r.o.
Contract Manufacturing
100%
Greatech Integration (Ireland) Limited
Development, design and precision 
engineering of custom automated equipment
100%
Greatech Mechatronics (M) Sdn Bhd
Engineering Services and Contract 
Manufacturing
100%
Greatech Integration 
(USA) Inc
Sales and support office
100%
Greatech Integration 
(Shanghai) Limited
Dormant
100%
GT Integration 
(Philippines) Inc
Engineering design 
centre
100%
Greatech Integration 
(S) Pte Ltd
Engineering design and 
consultancy activities

---- Page 9 ----
08
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Profile of Directors
4/4
No. of Board Meetings attended in Financial 
Year 2024 (“FY2024”) 
Dato’ Ooi Boon Chye , is our Group’s Independent Non-
Executive Chairman. He was first appointed to the Board 
as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 15 May 2023 
and was subsequently re-designated as Chairman on 25 
August 2023. 
Dato’ Ooi was a former Senior Vice President (“SVP”) 
of Global Operations at Broadcom Limited (previously 
known as Avago Technologies (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd). He was 
responsible for managing its worldwide manufacturing, 
manufacturing engineering, outsourcing, procurement, 
logistics, central planning and quality programmes during 
his tenure there. He retired in 2021 after 12 years with the 
company.
Prior to joining Broadcom Limited, Dato’ Ooi had served 
as a SVP of Worldwide Operations and Business Process 
Re-engineering at Xilinx, Inc from 2003 to 2009. Dato’ Ooi 
has more than 25 years of experience at Intel Corporations 
(“Intel”) and has served as its Vice President (“VP”) of 
the Systems Original Equipment Manufacturer (“OEM”) 
Products Group, Corporate Technology Group, and its 
Director of Operations. His experiences at Intel included 
Intel Technology Sdn Bhd (“Intel Penang”) from 1976 to 1980 
and from 1984 to 1986. He was also the General Manager 
(“GM”) for Intel Barbados Limited (“Intel Barbados”) 
from 1980 to 1983. He had served in several operational 
management positions, Assembly Operations Manager, 
Plant Manager and GM during his stint with Intel.
In 1986, Dato’ Ooi moved to the United States of America 
(“USA”), where he served Intel Corporation as its Assistant 
GM of worldwide logic components fabrication sort (“Fab 
Sort”) and assembly/test (“Assy/Test”) manufacturing; 
Director of Component Planning and Plant Manager for A4/
T11 in Chandler, Arizona. He had also served as the GM for 
worldwide systems manufacturing, with Intel plants in Puerto 
Rico, Ireland, Washington, Malaysia and Oregon in 1990.
Other than our Company, Dato’ Ooi does not hold any other 
directorship in public companies or public listed companies 
in Malaysia.
Dato’ Ooi is an affiliate member of Chartered Management 
Accountants, UK and also holds a Bachelor Degree in 
Business Administration from the University of Phoenix, 
Arizona. 
DATO’ 
OOI BOON CHYE DSPN
Independent Non-Executive Director
Chairman
MaleGender MalaysianNationality 71Age
Membership of the Board Committee: None


---- Page 10 ----
09
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Profile of Directors
Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee , is our Group’s Chief Executive 
Officer and Executive Director. He was appointed to our 
Board on 14 May 2018. Dato’ Seri Tan is one of Greatech’s 
founding shareholders since the incorporation of Greatech 
Integration (M) Sdn Bhd in 1997 and is currently responsible 
for the overall management and operation of the Group. 
As one of the founders, Dato’ Seri Tan sets the vision, 
mission and core values of the Group. He drives business 
development, building and executing the strategic directions 
and expansion plans for the growth and development of 
the Group, including sourcing for investment opportunities 
to uphold the Group’s business growth. He has more than 
30 years of experience in managing companies, marketing 
strategy planning and business development. Dato’ Seri 
Tan has and continues to be, instrumental to our Group’s 
continuous success and growth.
Dato’ Seri Tan also served as a Director of Penang Tech 
Centre since 22 February 2024.
Dato’ Seri Tan holds a Certificate in Mechanical Engineering 
from Politeknik Sultan Abdul Halim Mu’adzam Shah, Kedah.
DATO’ SERI 
TAN ENG KEE DSPN, DGPN
Executive Director
Chief	Executive	Officer
MaleGender MalaysianNationality 55Age
Membership of the Board Committee: None
4/4No. of Board Meetings attended in FY2024


---- Page 11 ----
10
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Khor Lean Heng, is our Chief Project Officer and Executive 
Director of the Group. He was appointed to our Board 
on 14 May 2018. He was our Chief Operating Officer 
since appointment to the Board and was subsequently 
re-designated to Chief Project Officer on 1 March 2024. 
Mr Khor is also a co-founder of the Group and brings with 
him over 30 years of experience in precision machining, 
sheet metal manufacturing and automation equipment 
business.
KHOR 
LEAN HENG
Executive Director
Chief	Project	Officer
MaleGender MalaysianNationality 55Age
Membership of the Board Committee: None
4/4No. of Board Meetings attended in FY2024
Profile of Directors
Currently, Mr Khor is tasked with overseeing the project 
management, field service and facility management 
functions of our Group. His responsibilities include leading 
project initiatives, improving operational efficiency and 
ensuring the successful execution of key projects in line with 
the Group’s strategic objectives.
Mr Khor also served as a Director of Heng Ee School Board 
Berhad since 18 January 2024.
Mr Khor holds a Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia Vokasional from SMV 
Lorong Batu Lanchang, Pulau Pinang.


---- Page 12 ----
11
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang , was appointed to the Board as an 
Independent Non-Executive Chairman on 20 August 2018 
and was re-designated as an Independent Non-Executive 
Director on 25 August 2023. She was re-designated as 
Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee 
on 25 May 2024. She serves as a member of Remuneration 
Committee and Nominating Committee of the Company.
 
Dato’ Ooi has more than 31 years of working experience 
in a wide range of industries such as auditing, brokerage 
institutions, property development, mining and 
manufacturing, including cross border working experience 
in Abu Dhabi, Singapore, Korea, Vietnam and Russia 
encompassing finance operations, accounting, financial 
management, corporate finance, tax planning and merger 
& acquisition. 
DATO’ OOI 
HOOI KIANG DSPN
Independent Non-Executive Director
FemaleGender MalaysianNationality 56Age
4/4No. of Board Meetings attended in FY2024
Profile of Directors
Dato’ Ooi currently serves as Director/Principal Consultant 
– Corporate Strategies of WCoach Sdn Bhd which provides 
advisory services. She was the Group Chief Financial Officer 
(“CFO”) overseeing the finance division of PG Automotive 
Holdings Pte Ltd (“PGA”) from November 2018 to January 
2022. Before joining PGA, she was the CFO of Anchor 
Resources Limited, a company listed on the Singapore 
Stock Exchange from 2014 to 2018. Dato’ Ooi started 
her career with Coopers & Lybrand LLP (now known as 
PricewaterhouseCoopers) in 1995 as an Audit Assistant. Her 
other notable past working experience includes assuming 
the role of Senior Corporate Finance Manager of Olympia 
Industries Berhad and CFO of JWPK Sdn Bhd in 2012 and 
2013 respectively and holding senior positions in several 
local brokerage institutions and foreign companies.
Dato’ Ooi currently exploits her commercial experience 
in supporting and delivering the Group’s strategy in non-
executive roles.
Other than our Company, Dato’ Ooi does not hold any other 
directorship in public companies or public listed companies 
in Malaysia.
Dato’ Ooi holds a Master in Accounting from the University 
of Florida, USA and is a member of the Malaysian Institute 
of Accountants.


---- Page 13 ----
12
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai , was appointed to the Board 
as Independent Non-Executive Director on 8 May 2020. 
He serves as Chairman of the Nominating Committee and 
member of Audit and Risk Management Committee and 
Remuneration Committee.
Dato’ Seri Wong is an electronics industry veteran, with 
nearly 30 years of semiconductor manufacturing experience 
in electrical and electronics (“E&E”) industry covering 
Malaysia, Asia Pacific and global regions. He had held 
several senior positions in world renowned technology 
companies including Vice President and Managing Director 
of Dell’s Asia Pacific Customer Centre, Vice President of 
Technology and Manufacturing Group (“TMG”) and General 
Manager of Assembly and Test Manufacturing (“ATM”) of 
Intel Penang and Managing Director of Intel Malaysia. In his 
27-year tenure with Intel, he covered a wide range of areas 
including managing and leading Intel’s global assembly and 
test factories until his retirement in year 2004. Dato’ Seri 
Wong is widely known in the business community for his 
comprehensive network and strong rapport with Malaysia 
SMEs and E&E industry. He remains active in the industry 
and corporate business community.
Contributing his global experience to advancing the E&E 
industry, Dato’ Seri Wong is today, the Chairman of the 
E&E Productivity Nexus (“EEPN”) and President of Malaysia 
Semiconductor Industry Association (“MSIA”). He was the 
Chairman of the Malaysian American Electronics Industry 
(“MAEI”) and an industry committee of the American 
Malaysian Chamber of Commerce (“AMCHAM”) for the 
last 15 years. He is an Independent Non-Executive Director 
of MTT Shipping and Logistics Berhad and a Director of 
Penang Tech Centre. He is also a member of PEMUDAH, a 
special task force to address public-private delivery services. 
Profile of Directors
Dato’ Seri Wong serves as the Board of Governor for various 
educational institutes in Malaysia. In February 2024, he was 
appointed as Adjunct Professor of University Malaysia Perlis. 
He is also President of the Penang Welfare Association for 
Neurodiverse Children and Charter President of Kiwanis 
Club of Penang Central, a charity organisation.
Dato’ Seri Wong had 12 years’ experience of operating 
in a highly regulated environment as Board member of 
the Malaysian External Trade Development Corporation 
(“MATRADE”), under the Ministry of International Trade and 
Industry (“MITI”). He had corporate governance experience 
in his role as the MATRADE’s Audit Committee Chairman. 
He was also a committee member of the Third Industrial 
Master Plan (“IMP3”) in 2004, contributing to Malaysia’s 
Industrial Master Plan.
He also served as Independent Non-Executive Chairman of 
Nationgate Holdings Berhad, a company listed on the ACE 
Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.
In 2015, he was awarded the ASEAN Outstanding 
Engineering Achievement Award by the ASEAN Federation 
of Engineering Organisations in recognition for his 
contributions and services as an outstanding engineer and 
industry leader who has devoted constantly to the society 
and community in Malaysia and also as an outstanding 
professional whose contributions have made great beneficial 
impact to the country.
Dato’ Seri Wong holds a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical 
Engineering from University of Leeds, England and a Master 
of Science in Management Science from Imperial College 
of Science & Technology, University of London, England. 
He had also been awarded the Outstanding Award in the 
Management Development Program under Asian Institute 
of Management, Philippines. 
DATO’ SERI 
WONG SIEW HAI DSPN, DMPN, DGPN, DPPN
Independent Non-Executive Director
MaleGender MalaysianNationality 74Age
4/4No. of Board Meetings attended in FY2024

---- Page 14 ----
13
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Profile of Directors
DR. MICHAEL 
DOMINIC KIRK PHD
Independent Non-Executive Director
MaleGender AmericanNationality 62Age
4/4No. of Board Meetings attended in FY2024
Dr. Michael Dominic Kirk , was appointed to the Board as 
Independent Non-Executive Director on 14 May 2022. He 
was subsequently appointed as a member to the Audit and 
Risk Management Committee of the Company on 24 May 
2024.
Dr. Kirk was formerly a Co-founder of Park Scientific 
Instruments, a scanning probe microscope company, 
where he served as a Vice President (“VP”) of Research and 
Development and Chief Technology Officer. He spent 9 
years in a variety of management, marketing, and technical 
operations roles leading its business until its acquisition by 
Thermoelectron in 1997, before moving to KLA Corporation 
(“KLA”), formerly known as KLA-Tencor, a company listed 
on the NASDAQ stock exchange, as Director of Strategic 
Marketing for Wafer Inspection Group.
Dr. Kirk held several different senior VP positions at KLA 
from 1997 to 2020. He was the Senior VP of the Surfscan 
Division responsible for dramatically growing its revenue 
and profitability. He was also an Executive VP responsible 
for the Wafer Inspection Group product development, 
business performance and strategic planning. In addition 
to these responsibilities, he also managed KLA’s world-wide 
manufacturing and operations for all of KLA’s products. 
During his tenure at KLA, Dr. Kirk managed KLA’s world- 
wide sales and services groups and later became Executive 
VP of Strategic Corporate Business Development of KLA 
managing 5 company acquisitions in 2 years.
Dr. Kirk has extensive understanding of operating in 
senior business leadership positions in the USA as well as 
international business, sales and marketing, mergers and 
acquisitions (“M&A”), product management and innovation 
experience. During his career with KLA, he has successfully 
grown numerous new businesses, has strategic experience 
of operating in large industrial groups across a variety of 
geographies, developed and ran a global capital equipment 
business.
 
Dr. Kirk currently is a business consultant in relation to M&A, 
business operations and strategic planning. He is also a 
Board member of SIMCO Electronics in San Jose, California 
since 2007 and is a volunteer tutor of Physics and Calculus 
to underserved students in California.
Other than our Company, Dr. Kirk does not hold any other 
directorship in public companies or public listed companies 
in Malaysia.
Dr. Michael Dominic Kirk holds degrees in physics and 
applied mathematics from the University of California at 
Berkeley, California and master’s degree and Ph.D in applied 
physics from Stanford University, California.

---- Page 15 ----
14
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Profile of Directors
DR. 
KONG SIEW MUI DBA
Independent Non-Executive Director
FemaleGender MalaysianNationality 66Age
3/3
No. of Board Meetings attended in FY2024 
during her tenure in office 
Dr. Kong Siew Mui , was appointed to the Board as 
Independent Non-Executive Director on 23 February 2024. 
She was subsequently appointed as the Chairman of the 
Remuneration Committee and member of Audit and Risk 
Management Committee and Nominating Committee of 
the Company on 25 May 2024.
Dr. Kong began her professional career with Intel Technology 
(“Intel”) in Penang. In that time, she cut her teeth in Human 
Resources Department and moved into manufacturing 
operations. She then spent the greater part of her career 
in the electronic manufacturing services industry, first with 
Solectron Technology Sdn Bhd (“Solectron Penang”) and 
then Flex Penang (previously known as Flextronics). Over 
more than 30 years, Dr. Kong has covered multiple portfolios 
ranging from healthcare & life sciences, consumer products, 
automotive and industrial electronics. Her responsibilities 
grew from managing local manufacturing sites to multiple 
regional sites. Dr. Kong has special strengths in operations, 
lean manufacturing, quality assurance, supply chain 
management and human resources. As the site lead, 
Dr. Kong enabled Solectron Penang to play a key role in 
winning the prestigious Malcolm Baldrige National Quality 
Award in 1997 over many other participating multinational 
companies. As Vice President of Global Business Excellence, 
Dr. Kong used Lean and Six Sigma transformation techniques 
to inculcate Continuous Business Process Improvements to 
Flex manufacturing sites in 30 countries worldwide.
Other than our Company, Dr. Kong does not hold any other 
directorship in public companies or public listed companies 
in Malaysia.
Dr. Kong graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Social Science 
from Universiti Sains Malaysia (“USM”), Penang. Through an 
Intel sponsorship programme, she gained a Master degree 
in Business Administration from the University of East Asia, 
Macau. Upon acquiring her Doctor’s degree in Business 
Administration from USM, she is currently an Industry Fellow 
of the Graduate School of Business in USM. On graduation 
Dr. Kong won the Dean’s Award as well as the Gold Medal 
for Best Student 2020/2021.


---- Page 16 ----
15
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Profile of Directors
Notes	to	Directors’	Profiles:
None of the Directors have any family relationship 
with any Director and/or major shareholder of the 
Company.
1. Family Relationship
Details of Directors’ shareholdings can be found in 
the “Analysis of Shareholdings as at 2 April 2025” 
section of this Annual Report. 
2. Directors’ Shareholdings
None of the Directors have been convicted of any 
offence, other than traffic offences, if any, within the 
past five (5) years.
3. Conviction of Offences 
None of the Directors have any conflict of interest or 
potential conflict of interest, including any interest 
in any competing business with the Company or its 
subsidiaries.
4.	Conflict	of	Interest
None of the Directors have been imposed any 
public sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory 
bodies during the financial year ended 31 December 
2024.
5. Public Sanction or Penalty Imposed by Relevant 
Regulatory Bodies


---- Page 17 ----
16
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Profile of Key Senior Management Team
Koay Lin Lin, is our Group’s Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). 
Ms Koay joined the Group in April 2000 and was appointed 
as the Group’s CFO in January 2018. She oversees financial 
management, corporate finance, tax, information technology 
(“IT”), environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) 
matters. Additionally, she manages risk and internal control, 
supervising the finance and accounting, environment, health 
& safety (“EHS”) and management information system 
(“MIS”) functions of the Group.
With over 20 years of extensive experience in auditing, 
finance, accounting, tax, treasury and human resource 
management, Ms Koay brings a wealth of knowledge 
to her position. Prior to her tenure with the Group, 
she gained valuable experience as an Audit Senior at 
PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Ms Koay holds a National Vocational Qualification in 
Accounting from the Association of Accounting Technicians 
(UK) (“AAT”), obtained in 1994. She has further enhanced 
her qualifications with a Certificate in International Auditing 
and a Certificate in Sustainability for Finance from the 
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”). 
She is a fellow member of the ACCA (“FCCA”) and a 
member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“MIA”).
Tan Huat Tatt, is our Group’s Operation Director. He joined 
the Group in May 2022 and is responsible for overseeing 
the manufacturing operations of the Group. Prior to this 
position, Mr Tan served as the Focus Factory Manager at 
Plexus Manufacturing Sdn Bhd (“Plexus”) from 2018 to 
2022. His initial tenure at Plexus included a role as Operation 
Department Manager from 2004 to 2016, where he managed 
high-level assemblies within the contract manufacturing 
services business. Before re-joining Plexus in 2018, he held 
the position of Work Cell Manager at Jabil Circuit Sdn Bhd 
from 2016 to 2018.  
Mr Tan’s career began in various operational roles at 
multinational corporations in Penang including Penang 
Seagate Industries (M) Sdn Bhd, Silitek Corporation (M) Sdn 
Bhd and Celestica Malaysia Sdn Bhd. With over 20 years 
of experience in operational management and business 
leadership experience, he has demonstrated expertise in 
driving operational performance and implementing strategic 
improvements within the high-tech global electronics 
manufacturing services industry.  
Mr Tan holds a Bachelor’s Degree of Management in 
Organisation with Honours from the Universiti Sains Malaysia 
and a National Technical Certificate in Precision Engineering 
from the Institute of Technical Education Singapore. 
Additionally, he has been awarded a Craftsman Certificate 
from Economic Development Board of Singapore.
KOAY 
LIN LIN
Gender
Nationality
Female
Malaysian
52Age
TAN 
HUAT TATT
Gender
Nationality
Male
Malaysian
54Age


---- Page 18 ----
17
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Loo Kim Hai, Martin , currently serves as the Business Unit 
Manager for the Life Science and Laboratory Division of 
the Group. He was appointed as our Group’s Business Unit 
Manager in October 2019, initially overseeing the E-Mobility 
division. His role encompasses a wide range responsibilities, 
including team management, project planning, execution, 
monitoring, risk management, issue resolution and achieving 
target. In October 2024, he transitioned to lead the Life 
Science and Laboratory Division.
With 19 years of management and machine design 
experience in the LED and semiconductor industry, Mr Martin 
Loo began his career as a Mechanical Design Engineer at 
Genetec Technology Berhad in April 2004. He subsequently 
joined Multiled Technology Sdn Bhd in August 2005 as a 
Project Manager. Prior to his current role, he held the 
position of Senior Mechanical Design Manager at a public 
listed entity specialising in high-tech automation systems. 
During his 12-year tenure there, he led the Engineering 
Department in designing and developing a diverse range 
of custom-designed machine and standard back-end 
automation equipment for the LED and semiconductor 
industry. His involvement spanned conceptual design, 
machine development, project management and technical 
support. 
Mr Martin Loo holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical 
Engineering from the University of Malaya and a Master of 
Business Administration with distinction from the University 
of Science, Malaysia.
Tan Eng Seng , currently holds the position of Business 
Unit Manager for Life Science division of the Group. 
In this role, he is responsible for managing teams and 
projects, overseeing planning, execution, monitoring, risk 
management, issues resolution and targets achievement. Mr 
Tan joined the Group in 2014, initially managing project and 
team operations before being promoted to Business Unit 
Manager of Battery division in January 2018. He transitioned 
to lead the Life Science division in November 2019. 
Prior to joining the Group, Mr Tan served as an Engineer 
at STEC Technology Sdn Bhd, which was later acquired 
by HGST Technologies Malaysia Sdn Bhd, from 2011 to 
2014. He possesses 19 years of experience in software 
programming and development within the automation 
systems of semiconductor and hard disk drive industries. Mr 
Tan started his career as a Field Staff at Manpower Staffing 
Services (M) Sdn Bhd in 2005, subsequently advancing to 
roles as a Software Development Engineer at Micro View 
Technologies Sdn Bhd in 2007 and at Micro Modular System 
Sdn Bhd in 2008.
Mr Tan holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science with 
Honours from the University Tunku Abdul Rahman. 
TAN 
ENG SENG
Gender
Nationality
Male
Malaysian
42Age
LOO 
KIM HAI, 
MARTIN
Gender
Nationality
Male
Malaysian
46Age
Profile of Key Senior Management Team

---- Page 19 ----
18
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Yeap Han Keow, currently holds the position of Business Unit 
Manager for the Thin Film Solar and Semicon Automation 
division of the Group. His responsibilities include managing 
teams and projects, overseeing planning, execution, 
monitoring, risk management, issues resolution and target 
achievement. In October 2024, he was assigned additional 
responsibilities of overseeing the Semicon Automation 
division. 
Mr Yeap joined the Group in August 2005 as an Electrical 
Assembly Technician and has since advanced within the 
organisation. He was promoted to Software & Control 
Engineer and later to Assistant Software Manager, where 
he managed and supervised the software department 
starting in January 2015. He assumed the role of Business 
Unit Manager in January 2018, leveraging his extensive 
experience in management, project execution, control 
systems design, software programming and technical 
support.
Mr Yeap holds a Diploma in Electrical Engineering from 
Institut Teknologi dan Pengurusan Lebuh Victoria, Penang.
Chuah Soo Hoong , currently serves as the Business Unit 
Manager for the E-Mobility division of the Group. His 
responsibilities encompass managing teams and projects, 
as well as overseeing planning, execution, monitoring, risk 
management, issues resolution and target achievement.
Mr Chuah joined the Group in January 2016 as a Senior 
Mechanical Designer and has progressed through various 
roles. In January 2017, he was promoted to Assistant 
Technology and Development Manager, where he led a team 
of engineers in designing automated equipment. He then 
took on the role of Business Unit Manager for the Solar and 
Semiconductor Wafer division in January 2018. In November 
2020, he transitioned to lead the E-Mobility division. With 
17 years of experience in management and machine design 
within the semiconductor and solar industries, Mr Chuah has 
developed a robust skill set in these fields.  
 
Mr Chuah holds a Diploma in Mechanical Engineering from 
the Polytechnic Sultan Abdul Halim Mu’adzam Shah, Kedah.
YEAP 
HAN KEOW
Gender
Nationality
Male
Malaysian
40Age
CHUAH 
SOO 
HOONG PJK
Gender
Nationality
Male
Malaysian
43Age
Profile of Key Senior Management Team

---- Page 20 ----
19
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Loo Khai Tien , is our Human Resources & Admin 
Department Manager. She has over 14 years of experience 
in the manufacturing industry, including multinational 
corporations. She joined the Group in May 2017 as an 
Assistant Human Resources & Admin (“HRA”) Manager and 
was promoted to HRA Department Manager in May 2018. In 
February 2022, her role expanded to include overseeing the 
Environment, Health & Safety (“EHS”) department. 
As the HRA Department Manager, Ms Loo is responsible 
for managing and overseeing all aspects of HRA and EHS, 
including organisation planning. Her strong foundation 
in the manufacturing industry, coupled with extensive 
experience from her previous roles at Tong Heer Fasteners 
Sdn Bhd, Southern Steel Berhad and JA Solar (M) Sdn Bhd, 
enables her to effectively address the complex needs of 
the organisation and the unique challenges of the industry. 
Her expertise in Human Resources Management and her 
experience in multinational corporations make her well-
equipped to handle the complex needs of the organisation. 
In March 2024, the organisation entrusted Ms Loo with 
additional responsibilities, tasking her with overseeing the 
Purchasing and Sourcing Department. 
Ms Loo holds a Bachelor’s Degree of Science in Human 
Development and Management with First Class Honour 
from Universiti Putra Malaysia. 
Profile of Key Senior Management Team
LOO 
KHAI TIEN
Gender
Nationality
Female
Malaysian
39Age
Dermot O’Brien  is the Managing Director of Greatech 
Integration (Ireland) Limited. In his current role, he focuses 
on building strong relationships and developing business 
opportunities in the medical devices and pharmaceutical 
sectors. 
Mr O’Brien co-founded Allied Automation Limited (“AAL”) 
in 1998, which was subsequently acquired by Greatech 
Group in November 2023. AAL specialised in the design 
and manufacture of production lines for numerous blue-
chip multinational companies in the medical device and 
pharmaceutical industries, targeting markets in Ireland, 
mainland Europe and the United States. 
Mr O’Brien began his career as a Mechanical Design 
Engineer with BW Design in 1995. After co-founding 
of AAL, he served as Technical Director, engaging in 
mechanical design, PLC programming and electrical design. 
In the mid-2000’s, he shifted his focus to sales and business 
development, successfully steering AAL’s strategic shift from 
the automotive sector to the life sciences sector. In August 
2022, he was appointed Managing Director of AAL.  
Mr O’Brien holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Production 
Management from the University of Limerick, Ireland. He 
has also completed a Business Development Programme 
with the Irish Management Institute and a Post-Graduate 
Diploma in International Sales from the Technical University 
Dublin, which specifically targeted the Swiss market.
DERMOT 
O’BRIEN
Gender
Nationality
Male
Irish
53Age


---- Page 21 ----
20
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Profile of Key Senior Management Team
Notes	to	Key	Senior	Management	Team	Profiles:
1. Directorship in Other Public/Public Listed Companies
None of the key senior management personnel hold 
any directorship in public companies and public listed 
companies in Malaysia.
2. Family Relationship
None of the key senior management personnel have 
any family relationship with any Director and/or major 
shareholder of the Company.
3. Conviction of Offences
None of the key senior management personnel have 
been convicted of any offence other than traffic offences, 
if any, within the past five (5) years.
5. Public Sanction or Penalty Imposed by Relevant 
Regulatory Bodies
None of the key senior management personnel have been 
imposed any public sanction or penalty by the relevant 
regulatory bodies during the financial year ended 31 
December 2024.
4.	Conflict	of	Interest
None of the key senior management personnel have 
any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, 
including any interest in any competing business with the 
Company or its subsidiaries.


---- Page 22 ----
21
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Chairman’s Statement
“
PROFIT 
AFTER TAX
RM155 million
REVENUE 
RM752.37 million
CASH 
AND CASH 
EQUIVALENTS 
RM232.82 million
Greatech’s 2024 Performance 
In recent years, our strategic emphasis on both organic growth and acquisition 
has yielded positive outcomes, as reflected in the notable expansion of Group 
revenue and earnings, despite a challenging business environment. In 2024, we 
achieved significant financial milestones, with Group revenue soaring by 14.2% 
surpassing RM750 million for the first time. This remarkable growth was primarily 
driven by the successful recognition of sizeable order books carried over from the 
financial year ended 2023 (“FY2023”). While our profit after taxation experienced 
a modest year-on-year increase of 0.4%, reaching RM155 million, this growth was 
partially offset by higher taxation rates and currency fluctuations, particularly the 
impact of a weaker US dollar.
The Group’s financial position remains resilient, categorised by low gearing 
ratios. As of December 31, 2024 (“FY2024”), the cash position is notably healthy, 
reflecting prudent cash management practices. Cash and cash equivalents 
increased to RM232.82 million, up from RM187.36 million in FY2023, driven 
by improved operating free cash flow and a reduction in capital expenditure 
payments.
“
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to report that Greatech Technology 
Berhad (“Greatech” or “Company”) and its 
subsidiaries (“Group”) has achieved another 
set of record-breaking results, surpassing a 
significant revenue milestone of RM752.37 million. 
This accomplishment is especially noteworthy 
considering the prevailing geopolitical tensions, 
rising inflation and challenging business landscape. 
Our robust growth underscores the substantial value 
our products and services deliver to our customers, 
all driven by our purpose-driven strategy. These 
results are a testament to the exceptional leadership, 
agility and entrepreneurial spirit demonstrated by 
our team.

---- Page 23 ----
22
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Chairman’s Statement
Greatech’s 2024 Performance (Cont’d)
Favourable conditions in the global energy sector positively impacted the Group’s business development activities during the 
first half of FY2024. However, this momentum slowed in the latter half of FY2024, primarily due to geopolitical conflicts, trade 
tensions and associated political developments, which resulted in delays in customers’ final investment decisions. As a result, 
the Group experienced a decrease in new orders for FY2024. Despite this, the order book carried forward into FY2025 remains 
strong at RM785 million, with the majority of orders still active rather than cancelled. 
Reflecting on the challenges faced in 2024, it is evident that a cautious approach among our customers, coupled with a sluggish 
industrial economy, has posed obstacles. Nonetheless, the Group has made commendable strides in diversifying its revenue 
streams, supported by multiple sources across various markets. This diversification has led to promising growth, enabling us to 
build on our initial successes while exploring new opportunities.
The Board and I recognise the critical importance of continuously assessing and refining our strategic progress, particularly in 
the context of a rapidly evolving market landscape. We remain fully committed to adapting our strategies to ensure growth and 
resilience in the face of future challenges.
Strategic Update
Our growth strategy, supported by well-defined capital 
allocation priorities, positions the Group to deliver 
sustainable, long-term value to shareholders. We are 
actively advancing a robust pipeline of projects that present 
opportunity for expansion into adjacent or complementary 
markets. A key component of our strategic vision is to 
enhance our footprint in growth areas where we have 
historically been underrepresented. 
Significant progress has been made with the acquisition of 
Greatech Integration (Ireland) Limited (“GII”) in December 
2023. GII is a leading automation company based in Ireland, 
not only complements our existing automation offerings 
but also strategically enhances our growth potential. 
This acquisition provides us with essential capabilities to 
advance our medical automation solutions portfolio, further 
reinforcing our competitive advantage in this key sector.
On 27 January 2025, the Group established Greatech 
Mechatronics (M) Sdn Bhd (“GMM”), aimed at enhancing our 
business portfolio over time. GMM is dedicated to serving 
as a contract manufacturer for clients across a diverse range 
of industries. 
Further reinforcing our strategic direction, we have concluded 
a sale and purchase agreement with Manz AG to acquire the 
entire stake of Manz Slovakia s.r.o. (“MSK”) on 28 February 
2025 for a cash consideration of €1,000,000 which paid from 
the Group’s existing financial resources. MSK is a prominent 
local equipment contract manufacturer, and this acquisition 
marks a pivotal move towards realising our ambitions within 
the vital European contract manufacturing market. MSK’s 
competitive service offerings and its proximity to customers 
provide an excellent foundation for driving further growth 
in the region. Their strategic focus on the semiconductor 
segment aligns seamlessly with our strategic objectives, 
enhancing our local production capabilities.
The combination of MSK’s solid market position, our industry-
leading expertise, and the international reach of our brands 
will create a compelling growth platform in Central Europe, 
positioning us for sustained success in this dynamic market.
Following the acquisition, MSK was renamed to Greatech 
Mechatronics (Slovakia) s.r.o. (“GMS”). 
Embedding Sustainability
Sustainability remains a key focus for the Board. While 
we will continue to monitor and report on our progress 
in minimising our negative environmental impact, we are 
equally excited about the opportunities for the Group to 
contribute to and drive the transition to a green economy.
Greatech is uniquely positioned to leverage the positive 
impact our products and services can have on both people 
and the planet, by addressing critical global challenges. 
However, we acknowledge our responsibility to mitigate 
the adverse effects of our operations. We have continued 
to integrate our sustainability strategy across the Group’s 
operations, empowering our business units to identify both 
the strategic opportunities and risks that sustainability 
presents. This includes setting internal targets, developing 
action plans to reduce emissions and focusing on sustainable 
product design. In the coming year, we plan to broaden our 
reporting activities to encompass all subsidiaries abroad. We 
recognise the importance of thoroughly understanding the 
feasibility of our commitments before establishing net-zero 
targets, as we are dedicated to upholding our promises.
Our focus will remain on investing in our global talent pool 
and enhancing skills, alongside prioritising safety and well-
being within our operations. Additionally, we will continue 
to reassess our business model and evaluate emerging 
technologies to ensure alignment with our mission and 
vision.

---- Page 24 ----
23
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance
The Board is fully dedicated to upholding the highest 
standards of corporate governance, extending this 
dedication beyond the Board to every level of the Group. 
Each Director has a clear understanding of the regulatory 
framework within which the Company operates, their 
individual roles and responsibilities as a Director, governance 
best practices and future developments. Greatech provided 
the governance training that begins with a comprehensive 
Director’s induction and onboarding plan, and continues 
throughout their tenure with regular updates from the 
Company Secretary and Management. This training covers 
the rules of procedure for both the Non-Executive and 
Executive Boards, details of transactions requiring approval 
and other key documents related to corporate governance 
within the Group.
The Corporate Governance Overview Statement of this 
Annual Report outlines the Board’s approach to governance 
practices and includes a report from the Audit and Risk 
Management Committee (“ARMC”), highlighting the key 
matters discussed and addressed by the Board Committees 
throughout the year. During the year, we conducted an 
internal evaluation of the Board and its Committees. A 
summary of the findings from this review is presented in the 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement of this Annual 
Report.
Board and Committee Changes
Effective 25 May 2024, our Board underwent several 
leadership transitions as part of our ongoing commitment 
to fostering leadership continuity and ensuring robust 
governance to support the Group’s growth and strategic 
objectives. Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang assumed the role of 
Chairman of the ARMC, stepping down as Chairman of 
the Remuneration Committee (“RC”) while continuing as 
a member of the Nominating Committee (“NC”). Dr. Kong 
Siew Mui has taken on the responsibilities of Chairman of 
the RC and joined both the NC and ARMC as a member. 
Additionally, Dr. Michael Dominic Kirk has been appointed 
as a member of the ARMC. I am pleased to report that the 
succession and onboarding has been very smooth and they 
have embedded well into their roles and brought fresh ideas 
to the board room. 
We also bid farewell to the esteemed Dato’ Seri Wong Siew 
Hai, who has decided not to seek re-election and will be 
retiring at the 2025 Annual General Meeting of the Company 
after five years of dedicated service. With his retirement from 
the Board, he will also be stepping down as Chairman of the 
NC, as well as a member of the RC and ARMC. On behalf of 
the Board, I would like to express our sincere thanks for his 
valuable contributions to Greatech.
Chairman’s Statement
Looking ahead
While we remain mindful of market conditions and broader 
economic and geopolitical challenges, we are confident in 
the Group’s growth prospects, driven by positive market 
factors that present expanding opportunities. Our strategy 
is to capitalise on these market opportunities by leveraging 
our expertise and investments we have already made in our 
capabilities. The strategic progress achieved during the year 
further strengthens the Board’s confidence in our future. We 
are committed to delivering sustained value to all of our 
stakeholders.
Appreciation
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere 
gratitude to our shareholders, employees, customers 
and all stakeholders for your unwavering dedication and 
support throughout the year. Your commitment has been 
instrumental in our significant strategic advancements, and 
I am confident that the Group is well-positioned to continue 
delivering value to all.
I would also like to extend my heartfelt appreciation to 
our Chief Executive Officer, Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee, and 
his leadership team for their exemplary guidance over the 
last 12 months. Their relentless hard work and dedication 
have been instrumental in steering Greatech Group toward 
success in an ever-evolving market landscape.
DATO’ OOI BOON CHYE
Chairman
25 April 2025


---- Page 25 ----
24
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Management Discussion & Analysis
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS
Greatech Technology Berhad (“Greatech” or “Company”) and its subsidiaries (“Group”) stand as a global leader in the design 
and construction of customised factory automation solutions and system integration for the advanced manufacturing sector, 
where strict adherence to quality standards is paramount. Our mission is to empower customers to remain at the forefront of 
innovation, serving diverse industries such as solar energy, electric vehicles (“EVs”), batteries, semiconductors, medical devices 
and smart technologies.
At Greatech, we specialise in the design, development and delivery of high-quality systems tailored to meet the specific 
production requirements of each client. Our solutions prioritise flexibility, precision, sustainability and efficiency, enabling our 
customers to adapt seamlessly to the dynamic demands of modern manufacturing.
With a robust presence in key markets such as United States of America (“USA”), Europe and Asia, Greatech plays a pivotal 
role in automating customer operations and processes, thereby fostering sustainable development across various sectors. 
Headquartered in Penang, Malaysia, Greatech operates subsidiaries in the USA, Ireland, Slovakia, China, the Philippines and 
Singapore. Our extensive network of agents across Europe and Asia strategically positions our subsidiaries to effectively serve 
key markets, enhancing customer confidence and providing valuable regional insights. 
Greatech’s factory automation solutions are primarily developed in-house, with additional support from strategic manufacturing 
partners who bring specialised expertise and cutting-edge technologies. This integrated approach allows Greatech to deliver 
added value to our customers by simplifying their experience, reducing the complexity of managing multiple contracts, and 
providing high-quality, comprehensive solutions. 
In 2024, the Group navigated a landscape marked by both challenges and opportunities. Despite a challenging market 
environment, our steadfast commitment to executing our growth strategy enabled us to deliver strong performance. We faced 
persistent pressures, such as elevated component costs from the previous year and the continued investment in hiring young 
graduates to secure future talent, which impacted our margins. Nevertheless, by staying closely connected with our customers 
and leveraging our core strength in innovation, we drove sustainable growth. As a result, we achieved  record performance in 
financial year ended 31 December 2024 (“FY2024”), including an all-time high in revenue as well as significant milestones in 
product sustainability. By remaining agile and responsive to market conditions, we were able to meet our customers’ needs 
while continuing to expand our business.
On a positive note, Greatech Integration (Ireland) Limited (“GII”) has built a talented team, secure new customers and created 
significant opportunity to expand our target market. The revenue contribution from GII in its first year under Greatech ownership 
has been highly promising. The progress achieved to date is encouraging, and we are making substantial strides in unlocking 
operational synergies, positioning ourselves to fully realise its potential in the medium term. 
Key Achievements
Forbes Asia’s Best Under A Billion 2024
Greatech is proud to have secured a place on Forbes 
Asia’s Best Under A Billion list, marking our 3 rd 
recognition with this prestigious accolade. Among the 
eleven (11) Malaysian companies featured, Greatech 
stood out as one of the 54 returnees from the previous 
year, highlighting our sustained success and resilience.

---- Page 26 ----
25
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion & Analysis
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS (CONT’D)
Key Achievements (Cont’d)
The Edge Billion Ringgit Club 
2024 
In 2024, Greatech was honoured with The 
Edge Billion Ringgit Club award for the 
Highest Return on Equity over Three (3) 
Years, marking our second consecutive year 
receiving this prestigious recognition. This 
accolade underscores our sustained financial 
performance and strategic excellence.  
National Corporate Governance 
& Sustainability Awards 2024
Greatech is honoured to be ranked 39 th in the National 
Corporate Governance & Sustainability Excellence Award 
2024 (“NACGSA”) by the Minority Shareholders Watch 
Group (“MSWG”). We also received the Industry Excellence 
Award in the Technology sector. This recognition reflects 
our strong commitment to corporate governance, 
sustainability and transparency, aligning with the Securities 
Commission Malaysia’s Corporate Governance Strategic 
Priorities. Greatech remains dedicated to upholding 
ethical practices and fostering long-term value creation, 
further reinforcing our leadership in governance and 
sustainability.
The Penang Green Incentives Award at The Green Pinang Awards 2024
In 2024, Greatech was honored with the Penang Green Incentives Award at the Green Pinang Awards 2024, organised 
by Penang Green Council. The award recognises and rewards organisations that have made significant efforts to reduce 
their environmental footprint. Greatech received this accolade for organising a month-long environmental movement 
theme “Clean & Lean” in May 2024, aimed at promoting awareness about waste segregation among our employees. The 
initiatives were designed to enhance the knowledge of waste sorting and disposal, while providing practical experience in 
sustainable practices.


---- Page 27 ----
26
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS (CONT’D)
Key Achievements (Cont’d)
FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index (“F4GBM”) and FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Shariah Index (“F4GBMS”) 2023
In 2024, Greatech remains included in the F4GBM Index and the F4GBMS Index. Based on the latest review, we continue to 
maintain a 4-star ESG rating, placing us in the top 25% public listed companies (“PLC”) in the FTSE Bursa Malaysia EMAS 
index, as assessed by FTSE Russell. This ongoing recognition reinforces our commitment to upholding the highest standards of 
environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices, demonstrating our dedication to sustainable growth and responsible 
corporate governance.
Key Markets
The Group manages the business into three (3) categories, namely Production Line Systems (“PLS”), Single Automated 
Equipment (“SAE”) and Provision of Parts & Services (“PPS”), and across three (3) regions, namely North America, Europe and 
Asia.
The revenue by businesses for FY2022, FY2023 and FY2024 is tabulated as below:
Management Discussion & Analysis
Revenue Composition
(RM’ million)
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
FY2022
482.26
46.40 17.55
FY2023
614.67
14.14 29.94
FY2024
661.14
34.36 56.87
Production Line Systems (“PLS”)
Single Automated Equipment (“SAE”)
Provision of Parts & Services (“PPS”)
FY2024 was another strong year for Greatech, characterised by solid momentum and significant progress across our business. 
We are encouraged by the resilience of our business model and the strategic progress made, despite challenges in certain 
industrial markets. Consolidated revenue from ongoing activities grew by 14.2% to RM752.37 million (2023: RM658.75 million), 
which includes RM34.34 million in revenue from products associated with the GII acquisition. Our organic revenue growth stands 
at 9.7%, while acquisition-driven revenue growth accounts for 4.5%. 
We have seen continued strong contribution from new products of our life sciences business unit during the year as well as 
competitive success in the market. In FY2024, revenue from our equipment business namely PLS and SAE, accounted for 
92.4% (2023: 95.5%) of total revenue, increasing by RM66.69 million from the previous financial year, to RM695.50 million 
(2023: RM628.81 million). The PPS segment accounted for the remaining 7.6% (2023: 4.5%) of the Group’s revenue amounting 
to RM56.87 million (2023: 29.94 million). This increase was driven by higher sales of parts and services from Solar industry, 
propelled by a rise in the number of installed equipment.
Overall, there was a notable increase across the PLS, SAE and PPS business, achieving a growth of 7.6%, 143.0% and 90.0% 
respectively. This revenue growth was primarily supported by a contribution from life science sector, as well as increases in 
semiconductor sector. Revenue from SAE amounted to RM34.36 million (2023: 14.14 million), reflecting strong demand for our 
products and services. 

---- Page 28 ----
27
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS (CONT’D)
Key Markets (Cont’d) 
The revenue by regions for FY2024 is illustrated below: 
Management Discussion & Analysis
65.2%
FY2023: 76.8%
 6.9%
FY2023: 1.2%
27.9%
FY2023: 22.0%
AMERICA
RM490.51 M
FY2023: RM506.11 M
RM51.73 M
FY2023: RM7.63 M
EUROPE
RM210.13 M
FY2023: RM145.01 M
ASIA
America: Overall revenue contribution 
from America decreased by 11.6% from 
76.8% in FY2023 to 65.2% in FY2024. 
This decline reflects a slower growth 
rate compared to the exceptionally 
strong performance of the previous 
year. The decrease was primarily 
attributed to the timing of project 
acceptance from our major client, 
which revenue would be recognised in 
the next fiscal year. 
Asia: Overall revenue contribution 
from Asia increased by 5.9%, rising 
from 22.0% in FY2023 to 27.9% in 
FY2024. This growth was primarily 
driven by strong performance in 
Malaysia, which helped offset the 
decline in revenue from the America. 
Malaysia’s significant performance 
improvements were largely attributed 
to new business wins and expansion 
deals. Additionally, this growth is 
supported by a strategic shift, with 
businesses relocating operations from 
China to more cost-effective countries 
such as Vietnam, Malaysia and Mexico. 
This shift is response to evolving 
geopolitical dynamics, persistent cost 
pressure, and supply chain challenges 
within the increasingly competitive 
Chinese market.
Europe: Overall revenue contribution 
from Europe increased by 5.7%, 
rising from 1.2% in FY2023 to 6.9% in 
FY2024.  This growth was driven by 
the acquisition of our Irish subsidiary, 
as well as the market opportunities 
generated by our expanded footprint 
in the region.
Order Prospects
As of 20 February 2024, the Group commenced the year with an order book valued at RM1.04 billion. However, by 20 February 
2025, this figure has decreased to RM785 million. Notably, order entries during the first half of 2024 have surpassed those from 
the same period in the previous year. Nevertheless, projections indicate a weaker performance in the latter half of 2024. This 
fluctuation has resulted in an overall decline in order book of 24.5% between February 2024 and February 2025, compared to 
the record high achieved order book in the prior year. 
This decrease is primarily attributed to reduced orders from the E-Mobility and Solar markets, with customers adopting a more 
cautious approach to investment and spending, particularly following several large EV and Solar projects in FY2023. Additionally, 
uncertainties surrounding the 2024 US presidential election have further influenced decision-making. On a more positive note, 
the life sciences sector continues to show resilience, supported by contributions from the GII acquisition and organic growth. 
With 92.4% of our revenue coming from equipment sales, we anticipate a rebound in order intake as the demand for automation 
persists. We remain focused on cost management and will make the necessary operational adjustments to navigate these 
evolving market dynamics effectively. 

---- Page 29 ----
28
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S BUSINESS AND 
OPERATIONS (CONT’D)
Investing in Growth
The post-acquisition integration of GII has continued to 
progress smoothly, with a heightened focus on expanding 
our market presence and solidifying our position as a leading 
industry player. Throughout 2024, we have significantly 
ramped up our marketing initiatives and support activities 
to promote our expanded product offerings and enhanced 
customer portfolio. As we enter new markets, a critical part 
of our strategy has been increasing awareness of Greatech 
as a proven and reliable technological partner, emphasising 
our commitment to delivering innovative solutions and 
reinforcing our reputation for quality and performance.
Our key priorities in 2024 include growing our customer 
base, identifying new business opportunities and driving 
the expansion of our opportunity pipeline. In support of 
these objectives, we have been enhancing our sales channel 
network to ensure we are well-positioned to capture new 
leads, foster strong customer relationships, and ultimately 
drive sustainable revenue growth. The integration of GII’s 
resources and expertise allows us to leverage complementary 
capabilities, creating synergies that strengthen our market 
offering and competitive edge.
To further support our growth strategy, we have identified a 
strategic opportunity for expansion with the factory building 
located next to the GII facility. This location offers an ideal 
opportunity for us to enhance production capacity, streamline 
operations, and strengthen our market position. After 
thorough evaluation, we have concluded that purchasing this 
facility would be a wise investment in our long-term growth 
strategy. The acquisition of factory building, finalised in Q1 
2025, will provide an additional 23,495 square feet of space, 
enabling us to scale operations, support increased demand, 
and fostering further innovation. This facility is expected to 
be a key asset as we position ourselves for future growth 
and capitalise on emerging opportunities in both existing 
and new markets.
On 27 January 2025, the Group is set to broaden its 
operational scope by offering contract manufacturing 
services through its wholly owned subsidiary, Greatech 
Mechatronics (M) Sdn Bhd (“GMM”), located in Penang. 
GMM is set to establish itself as a key player in the contract 
manufacturing sector. This new venture aims to cater to 
a diverse clientele across various industries, strategically 
position itself to mitigate the impacts of industry-specific 
demand fluctuations and enhance the Group’s market 
offerings. 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
5 Years Financial Performance 
(RM’ million)
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
FY2020
261.13
113.48 90.08
FY2022
546.21
163.42127.90
FY2021
402.22
169.94145.24
FY2023
658.75
204.31
166.07
FY2024
752.37
236.03
179.56
Revenue Gross Profit Profit Before Tax
Solid Revenue Growth
Revenue increased steadily since FY2020 and recorded highest revenue of RM752.37 million in FY2024.
Management Discussion & Analysis

---- Page 30 ----
29
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (CONT’D)
Financial Performance
The Group demonstrated robust financial performance in 
FY2024, achieving a remarkable 14.2% increase in revenue, 
totaling RM752.37 million, compared to RM658.75 million 
in FY2023. This growth was bolstered by the strategic 
acquisition of GII, enabling the Group to reach a historic 
revenue high, underpinned by a resilient order book as it 
entered 2024. 
The Group’s gross profit (“GP”) grew by RM31.72 million, 
marking a 15.5% increase from RM204.31 million in FY2023 
to RM236.03 million in FY2024. The GP margin improved 
marginally from 31.0% to 31.4%. 
The Group’s Profit Before Tax (“PBT”) for FY2024 reached 
RM179.56 million, reflecting an increase of RM13.49 million 
or 8.1% compared to RM166.07 million in FY2023. This 
growth in PBT was primarily driven by revenue growth 
achieved organically and through acquisition, with a 
favourable product mix compared to FY2023.
Other income decreased by RM13.36 million or 48.1% in 
FY2024, primarily due to the absence of realised gain on 
foreign exchange of RM13.59 million in FY2023, which was 
driven by the strengthening of the Malaysian Ringgit against 
US Dollar. 
The Group’s effective tax rate for FY2024 was 13.7% (2023: 
7.0%) which is higher compared to prior year.  This increase 
was mainly due to the expiration of pioneer status on 28 
March 2023 for certain products, which resulted in statutory 
income being subject to tax. The current provision of income 
tax is in respect of certain non-business income and non-tax 
exempted income generated from non-pioneer products.
The basic and diluted earnings per share increased from 
6.16 sen to 6.18 sen and 6.14 sen to 6.17 sen in FY2024 
respectively.
Financial Position
The Group’s financial position has been further strengthened, 
reporting net assets of RM909.29 million for FY2024 (FY2023: 
RM751.38 million). The Group concluded the year with cash 
and cash equivalent amounting to RM232.82 million, an 
increase from RM187.36 million in the previous year.
Total assets reached RM1.11 billion as of 31 December 
2024, compared to RM998.30 million in FY2023. This growth 
is primarily attributed to an increase in property, plant and 
equipment by RM43.62 million, inventory by RM15.93 
million, contract assets by RM24.50 million, and cash and 
bank balances by RM38.23 million. However, this overall 
increase was partially offset by a decline in trade and other 
receivables, which decreased by RM11.49 million.
Throughout FY2024, the Group invested approximately 
RM62.32 million for the purchase of property, plant and 
equipment. Additionally, as at 31 December 2024, the 
Group has committed another RM0.99 million in capital 
assets. This investment primarily supports the development 
of Batu Kawan 4 th operational facility (“BK IV”) located 
at Batu Kawan Industrial Park. The capital expenditures 
encompass a range of essential assets, including electrical 
installations, furniture and fittings, computer systems, motor 
vehicles, plant and machinery, renovations, office equipment 
as well as various tools and equipment.
Total liabilities decreased to RM202.98 million in FY2024 
from RM246.92 million in FY2023. This reduction was 
primarily driven by a RM34.40 million decline in trade and 
other payables, along with an RM11.53 million decrease in 
contract liabilities. However, this was partially offset by a 
RM4.59 million increase in deferred tax liabilities.
Total equity has increased to RM909.29 million as compared 
to RM751.38 million in FY2023. Net asset value per share 
rose to 36.21 sen as at 31 December 2024 as compared to 
29.95 sen* as at 31 December 2023.  
* Included in the denominator for number of shares for 
FY2023 for the calculation of Net Asset Value per share is the 
retrospective effect of bonus issue of 1,254,855,150 bonus 
shares listed on 11 September 2024.
Cash Flows
The Group concluded its financial year with a robust net 
cash from operating activities amounting to RM108.22 
million. This performance was largely influenced by notable 
fluctuations in inventory levels, trade receivables, contract 
assets, trade payables and contract liabilities, although it was 
partially offset by tax payments totaling RM19.91 million. 
In terms of investing activities, the Group utilised RM55.37 
million, primarily for the acquisition of property, plant and 
equipment, as our commitment to enhancing operational 
capacity.
Net cash used in financing activities primarily comprised 
repayments of lease liabilities and term loan repayments to 
financial institutions.
After adjusting for the effect of foreign exchange rate 
changes, cash and cash equivalent increased from RM187.36 
million to RM232.82 million as of 31 December 2024. This 
growth in liquidity positions the Group favourably, providing 
the necessary financial flexibility to support future growth 
initiatives and strategic investments. 
Management Discussion & Analysis

---- Page 31 ----
30
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
CORPORATE STRATEGY
The Group’s corporate strategy has consistently focused on delivering long term shareholder value through a targeted approach. 
By investing in areas that enhance our design and build capabilities for customised solutions and concentrating on high-growth 
structural markets, we have achieved remarkable results over the past five years. During this period, the Group’s revenue and 
underlying profit has more than tripled since our initial public offering in June 2019, highlighting the strength of our business 
model and strategic direction. We have established a globally recognised engineering equipment business, renowned for our 
robust design and build capabilities and expanding international presence. We remain fully committed to this strategy, with an 
unwavering focus on our key priorities as we continue to drive sustainable long-term growth.
Our growth strategy is built upon 6 key pillars
REVENUE 
GROWTH
TALENT 
MANAGEMENT
REGIONAL 
PRESENCE
RESEARCH & 
DEVELOPMENT
OPERATIONAL 
EFFICIENCY
 ACQUISITION
Revenue Growth
The continuous evolution of technological advancements and the global push for decarbonisation have significantly driven 
the demand for automation. We focus on four key markets that are shaped by megatrends and align with UN Sustainable 
Development Goals. Our in-depth analysis shows that 94.8% of our revenue comes from three primary markets – Solar, E-Mobility 
and Life Sciences. Each of these markets is underpinned by strong sustainability forces and presents high potential for structural 
growth. 
To drive revenue growth, we prioritise building a robust pipeline of design-and-build projects and fostering long-term customer 
partnerships that provide stable, predictable revenue streams and strong margins. This pipeline is carefully monitored and 
managed to ensure consistent opportunities. By collaborating closely with customers, we tailor our expertise and solutions 
to help them achieve their business goals while effectively navigating industry challenges. Our customers are leveraging our 
automation solutions to develop greener, more sustainable alternatives, further contributing to a more sustainable future.
In FY2024, we achieved a milestone revenue of RM752.37 million for the first time. Historically, most of our revenue growth 
has been organic. The Group’s total revenue grew by 14.2% in 2024, with 4.5% of this growth driven by acquisitions. The key 
markets we are targeting are experiencing overall growth, presenting us with excellent opportunities to expand profitably. We 
are focused on reaching new potential customers while continuing to strengthen our relationship with existing clients, where we 
already have a solid presence. Our customer references are strong, and we have a deep understanding of both expressed and 
underlying customer needs, allowing us to focus on value creation through tailor-made solutions.
Talent Management
People are at the core of Greatech’s growth strategy. Greatech’s leadership approach centers on empowering the employees 
and is consistently applied across the Group, providing clear guidance and direction for our managers. We expect our leaders 
to foster new ideas, promote initiatives, build trust and collaboration, communicate transparently and lead by example. 
Strengthening leadership capabilities is essential to building an attractive company culture and is a focus across all functional 
groups.
We are committed to nurturing our employees by setting clear goals, providing continuous feedback through regular 
performance and development reviews. By fostering an inclusive and supportive culture, we aim to attract, develop and retain 
top talent, ensuring diverse voices and experiences are represented within our leadership teams.
This year, we increased our investment in the professional development of both managers and employees, with a particular focus 
on management training. Our leadership programmes emphasise conduct and sharing of best practices. These investments in 
skills development not only enhance our people but also contribute to Greatech’s long-term sustainability and growth.
Management Discussion & Analysis

---- Page 32 ----
31
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE STRATEGY (CONT’D)
Talent Management (Cont’d)
In 2024, we set a Group-wide goal focused on employee engagement, measured through an annual survey that gathers insights 
into our employees’ views of Greatech as an employer. We are dedicated to motivating and developing our workforce by 
maintaining an open, inclusive culture, where innovation, growth and recognition are key priorities. To secure our future success, 
it is essential that we attract younger generations from diverse backgrounds to pursue careers in our industry.
We hosted our inaugural Family Day event named “Mega Mania Fiesta”, with the tagline “Great in Unity, Care for Society”. The 
goal of the event was to provide a platform for our employees and their families to engage in Corporate Social Responsibility 
initiatives and encourage them to make a positive impact on our communities.
7 December 2024, Saturday, Great in Unity Care for Society
Management Discussion & Analysis

---- Page 33 ----
32
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
CORPORATE STRATEGY (CONT’D)
Talent Management (Cont’d)
By continuing to offer and promote these opportunities, 
we strengthen our team and reinforce Greatech’s position 
as an attractive employer. We believe that ongoing training 
and development are critical to maintaining and enhancing 
our competitiveness. Recruitment, especially of engineers, 
remains a challenge across many of our markets. To address 
this, we actively encourage young people to pursue 
engineering careers through various initiatives. By expanding 
the talent pool, we not only help secure the engineers of 
tomorrow but also contribute to creating a more diverse and 
inclusive electrical and electronics (“E&E”) industry.
Regional Presence
In addition to actively pursuing acquisitions, Greatech 
is driving its growth strategy by expanding into new 
geographical markets or adjacent segments that complement 
our existing business. This approach provides us with unique 
access to high-volume customers. Our customer-centric 
model is being implemented across key regions, from the 
US to Europe, positioning us to capture emerging growth 
opportunities.
While we remain confident in the long-term expansion 
prospects of the Asian market, we have initiated the 
closure of our Philippines subsidiary as part of the 
portfolio repositioning. At the same time, we continue 
to seize opportunities across Asia, particularly in the life 
sciences sector. To further support this, we have expanded 
our design capabilities in Singapore, a market offering 
promising business prospect for the Group. In March 2024, 
we incorporated Greatech Integration (Singapore) Private 
Limited (“GIS”), a wholly owned subsidiary strategically 
aligned with our growth objectives. Subsequently in 
September 2024, we officially launched and established a 
new operational base in Singapore. GIS will enable us to 
scale operations in one of our key focus countries, diversify 
our resources and enhance our technological capabilities. 
This new addition will also help strengthen our relationships 
with customers in the region, following capacity expansion 
in recent years.
Research and Development (“R&D”)
At Greatech, we recognise the vital role of R&D in driving 
innovation, creating value for our customers and fueling 
long-term growth. Our commitment to R&D is backed by 
strategic investments that help us stay at the forefront of 
technological advancements and provide market leading 
solutions across key sectors.
Our R&D strategy is focused on high-growth opportunities, 
particularly within the E-Mobility and Life Sciences sectors. 
These markets present significant potential for expansion, 
driven by rapid technological advancements and evolving 
customer demands. By capitalising on these trends, we aim 
to fortify our position in these industries and drive sustained 
growth.
We also remain dedicated to delivering tailored solutions 
that meet the specific needs of our customers. The Group’s 
business and product development are guided by a 
customer-centric approach, ensuring that each solution is 
designed to address the challenges and opportunities faced 
by our customers. Our design teams have demonstrated 
extensive experience in successfully developing complex 
PLSs in collaboration with customers, leading to new product 
sales and strengthened business relationships.
Our collaboration with customers, local universities and 
strategic market-leading partners enables us to develop 
specialised solutions across the entire value chain. By 
introducing new products, enhancing the functionality 
of existing products and creating concepts that directly 
address customer needs, we drive innovation and enhance 
our market presence.
We are also focused on expanding our addressable market 
by increasing share among existing customers and attracting 
new customers. Through ongoing R&D investments, we 
continuously enhance the functionality of our products, 
providing solutions that help customers achieve their 
business goals while maintaining a competitive edge in the 
industry.
In FY2024, the Group committed approximately RM6.54 
million to R&D (2023: 4.20 million). These investments are 
focused on developing innovative products that meet the 
evolving needs of our customers and address the technical 
challenges faced in sectors such as e-mobility, solar energy 
and medical applications. 
Operational	Efficiency
In 2024, our focus remains on enhancing our cost base, 
flexibility and agility across operations – key imperatives for 
the continued success of Greatech. At the same time, we are 
accelerating the digitalisation of our internal processes and 
workflows to drive efficiency and innovation. The expansion 
of our global value chain is also playing a significant role 
in improving our cost structure, while enabling us to better 
leverage our global resources to stay competitive. 
To better serve our customers, we are investing over 
RM202.85 million to the development of the BK IV, which 
represents our largest facility to date. The inauguration of 
this state-of-the-art facility took place in April 2024, making 
a significant milestone in our growth strategy. The Group 
remains dedicated to investing in new capacities that will 
drive sales volumes growth along with enhanced operational 
efficiency. Any future investment decisions will be carefully 
evaluated, taking into account our financial position and 
prevailing market conditions.
Management Discussion & Analysis

---- Page 34 ----
33
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE STRATEGY (CONT’D)
Operational	Efficiency	(Cont’d)
In conjunction with this investment, we have successful 
implemented Phase 2 of our Enterprise Resource Planning 
(“ERP”) system, which includes critical upgrades and the 
integration of a Manufacturing Execution System (“MES”) 
at our Penang facility during the latter half of the year. 
This advancement positions us for greater operational 
flexibility. Moving forward, our strategic focus will shift 
towards bolstering our project execution capabilities. We 
are actively aligning our project management, engineering, 
operations and supply chain teams to facilitate quicker 
and more efficient project delivery, thereby reinforcing our 
commitment to operational excellence. 
These improvements will enable us to respond even more 
nimbly in today’s volatile economic environment while 
strengthening our resilience during times of crisis. To track 
our progress and ensure we meet our objectives of shorter 
lead times and on-time delivery, we are closely monitoring 
key performance indicators, including on-time delivery, 
project cost overruns and resource utilisation.
Acquisition Strategy 
A core element of our growth strategy is targeted 
acquisitions, focusing on companies within the same industry 
that share similar operations. Our objective is to achieve 
100% ownership of these businesses, thereby strengthening 
our market position and creating synergies that unlock 
significant value. As a long-term owner, Greatech provides 
robust support to acquired subsidiaries, ensuring that their 
existing management teams remain intact. We empower 
them with financial stability, resources and tools that facilitate 
efficient business development and sustained growth.
The acquisition of GII at the end of 2023 has notably 
enhanced our offerings and solidified our presence in the Irish 
market, particularly in machine development. It broadens 
our customer portfolio, strengthened our manufacturing 
footprint in Ireland and increases our expertise in automation, 
aligning seamlessly with the Group’s long-term strategy.
Following the acquisition, we initiated a structured 
integration process aimed at driving profitable growth, 
improving customer satisfaction and ensuring employee 
engagement. Key integration actions included establishing 
financial reporting systems, implementing key performance 
monitoring and standardising terms and conditions with joint 
suppliers. In addition, we have filled critical positions and 
expanded our engineering and design teams, particularly 
in response to promising growth opportunities in the life 
sciences sector. While we are focused on harmonising and 
streamlining operations, we recognise that the integration 
process is typically a multi-year journey. 
From an investment standpoint, we have successfully 
acquired a strong business in the past year, complemented 
by a robust pipeline of new growth opportunities. This 
momentum has been further enhanced by a second 
acquisition in the first quarter of 2025. Our focus on 
strategic, selective acquisitions continues with our largest 
acquisition to date: Manz Slovakia s.r.o (“MSK”), a Slovakian 
provider of contract manufacturing services across industries 
such as semiconductor, medical and packaging sectors. We 
are observing a growing trend among Original Equipment 
Manufacturers (“OEM”) who are looking to streamline 
their supply chains by consolidating multiple needs with 
a single partner. The acquisition of MSK positions us 
strategically to address this demand for simplified supply 
chains. As customers increasingly seek trusted experts to 
navigate manufacturing and design challenges, our global 
manufacturing and engineering capabilities enable us 
to meet their needs, position us as a reliable outsourcing 
partner for key activities.
Acquisitions remain a key element of our strategy and we 
are continuously engaged in discussions with potential 
candidates. However, our focus remains on identifying 
companies that will strategically strengthen our position 
in existing markets and complement our offerings. With 
these two acquisitions, we have significantly expanded our 
footprint in the European market, which is critical for both 
our business growth and customer relationships.
Management Discussion & Analysis


---- Page 35 ----
34
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
RISK MANAGEMENT
Technology Obsolescence
Technological obsolescence is an inherent challenge in our 
nature of business, particularly in this fast-paced tech-driven 
era where customer demands change rapidly. To maintain 
our competitive edge and sustain growth, it is critical that 
we continue to deliver top-notch products. Recognising 
this, we are fully committed to continuous innovation and 
proactive investment in research and development. 
As part of our long-term growth strategy, we have 
developed a comprehensive medium-term technology and 
product roadmap. This plan ensures that we remain agile 
and response to emerging trend and customer needs. 
Additionally, we place a strong emphasis on ongoing staff 
training to ensure our team is equipped with the latest 
skills and expertise in the field. By fostering a culture of 
continuous improvement and staying ahead of technological 
advancements, we aim to keep delivering cutting-edge 
automation solutions that not only meet but exceed our 
customers’ evolving expectations. 
Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group’s global operations expose it to foreign exchange 
risks, particularly from transactions denominated in foreign 
currencies, with a primary focus on the US Dollar. To manage 
and mitigate this risk, the Group regularly assesses its 
exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates. 
One of the key strategies employed by the Group is the 
alignment of the timing for settling sales and purchase 
invoices to create natural hedges. This approach helps 
reduce the impact of currency fluctuations on the Group’s 
financial performance. Additionally, the Group continuously 
evaluates the need for forward contracts to hedge any 
significant forecasted exposure, further reducing the risk 
from unpredictable currency movements.
In line with best practices, the Group also employs a natural 
hedge strategy for financing overseas investments. This 
involves utilising foreign currency receipts to offset foreign 
exchange risks arising from transactions with its foreign 
subsidiaries. By leveraging this strategy, the Group is able to 
manage currency fluctuations more effectively, ensuring that 
the risks from its global operations are minimised and that 
its financial performance remains stable despite external 
market fluctuations.
Overall, this proactive approach to managing foreign 
exchange risks ensures that the Group remains well-
positioned to handle any challenges arising from currency 
volatility while safeguarding the value of its operations and 
profitability.
Dependent on Certain Major Customers
The Group’s business model is heavily reliant on project-
based orders, often tied to large-scale capital projects 
initiated by customers. Since the timing and scope of these 
projects are beyond our control, they introduce several 
risks, including potential cost overruns, delays, and the 
possibility that revenue from a small number of customers 
could account for a significant portion of our overall income. 
Furthermore, project timelines may extend beyond the 
forecasted financial period, and the loss of a key customer 
or a downturn in their financial health could significantly 
impact the Group’s performance.
To mitigate these risks, we have implemented a proactive 
strategy focused on closely monitoring key customer 
relationships. Dedicated key account management teams 
are in place to ensure that we are continuously engaged with 
our major customers and stay on top of their needs. Regular 
project progress reviews help us track timelines, budgets, 
and any potential issues, allowing for early intervention 
when necessary.
In addition to these efforts, we have diversified our revenue 
streams across four key sectors: Solar, E-mobility, Life 
Sciences, and Semiconductors. This strategic approach 
ensures that no single sector becomes overly dominant, 
reducing the potential impact of disruptions in any one area 
on our overall performance. By balancing our focus across 
these high-growth sectors, we can weather fluctuations in 
individual markets and continue driving sustainable growth.
Moreover, we remain committed to ongoing investments in 
product development, marketing, and operational efficiency 
improvements. These investments not only help strengthen 
our offerings but also position us to respond more effectively 
to evolving customer demands and industry trends.
Finally, we are actively pursuing growth opportunities in 
emerging markets to further diversify our customer base. 
By expanding into new regions and industries, we aim to 
solidify our long-term market position and reduce reliance 
on any single customer or market segment. This approach 
enhances the Group’s resilience and ensures that we remain 
well-positioned to continue our growth trajectory.
Management Discussion & Analysis

---- Page 36 ----
35
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT’D)
Climate Change
We recognise that climate change is a critical global issue 
that is intricately linked to various sustainability areas such as 
the economy, health, safety, water, energy, and emissions. As 
such, it poses a long-term threat to the Group’s assets and 
operations. Given the far-reaching implications of climate 
change, we take proactive steps to assess both the risks and 
opportunities it presents.
Based on our analysis, we develop robust plans aimed 
at mitigating the risks while simultaneously seizing 
opportunities that align with our long-term sustainability 
goals. Our approach is not only about managing the 
immediate impact of climate change, but also about creating 
long-term strategies that position the Group for success in a 
future where sustainability and environmental responsibility 
are key drivers of business performance.
Our business model and overall strategy are built to 
remain resilient in the face of climate change. We prioritise 
sustainability and integrate it into all aspects of our 
operations, from product development to supply chain 
management. By doing so, we ensure that Greatech 
remains well-positioned for continued growth, while also 
contributing positively to the environment and society. This 
commitment to sustainability is not just a risk management 
tool but a key driver of innovation and opportunity within 
our business.
DIVIDEND
The Group does not have an explicit dividend policy, and 
the Board did not propose any dividend for FY2024. This 
remains unchanged from the previous year.
OUTLOOK
The global shift towards a low carbon economy is catalysing 
a profound energy transformation and electrification. As 
nations increasingly distance themselves from fossil fuels, 
there is a significant increase in investments in renewable 
energy, the circular economy and sustainable business 
practices. This transition is driving the demand for smarter 
energy solutions, fossil-free transportation and more 
resource-efficient machinery and processes, highlighting 
the critical role of industrial automation in this evolving 
landscape.
Decarbonisation efforts are accelerating the adoption of 
cleaner energy alternatives, with solar energy expected to 
see a surge demand in the coming decades as countries 
strive to meet net zero emissions targets. Additionally, 
government initiatives, including tax rebates and incentives 
for solar panel installations are expected to bolster this 
trend. This confluence of policy support and market 
demand underscores the pivotal role of renewable energy 
investments in shaping a sustainable future. 
Electrification is also creating entirely new markets, 
particularly in the electric vehicles sector. Automotive 
manufacturers are increasingly integrating electric drive 
systems into their vehicles, driving substantial investments 
in the expansion of battery cell production capacity.
In parallel, the life sciences industry is experiencing a surge 
in demand for electronic medical devices, driven by the 
rising prevalence of chronic diseases, an aging population 
and improve access to healthcare. These technological 
advancements play a critical role in enhancing patient care, 
refining diagnostics processes and facilitating minimally 
invasive surgical procedures.
Recent geopolitical tensions, conflicts and economic 
uncertainties have slowed global trade and mobility, 
prompting a notable reshoring of manufacturing back 
to Western nations. This strategic shift, driven by the 
need for redundancy, shorter supply chains and reduced 
transportation costs, collective fuel a growing demand for 
automation solutions. As manufacturers in Western markets 
ramp up investments in reshoring and localising production, 
they are actively seeking way to improve efficiency, 
sustainability and cost effectiveness.
Long-term growth in our target markets - solar, e-mobility 
and life sciences are being driven by global megatrends, 
including the accelerating need for industrial automation, 
an ageing affluent population, the transition to renewable 
energy and the electrification of transport. These trends 
present a substantial opportunity for us to develop 
innovative solutions that align with the rising demand for a 
sustainable and electrified future.
Greatech’s strategic focus on these markets has delivered 
strong organic growth, with significant increases in revenue 
and orders from America, Europe and other parts of Asia. 
With a robust presence in these critical regions, the Group 
has continued to make targeted investments to capitalise on 
emerging trends, positioning us for sustained growth. 
With a strong order intake and a healthy order book, the 
Group is poised for continued success and growth in the 
year ahead. This solid foundation not only provides clear 
visibility but also ensures that we are well-positioned to 
capitalise on emerging opportunities across various sectors. 
By maintaining a robust pipeline and executing on business 
improvement initiatives, we are confident in our ability to 
deliver significant progress in 2025.
This positive momentum, fueled by a mix of strategic 
investments and a strong customer base, gives us the 
flexibility to expand operations and enhance our capabilities. 
As we build on the work done in previous years, our focus on 
innovation, operational efficiency, and market diversification 
will further drive sustainable growth, enabling the Group to 
meet and exceed its goals for the upcoming year.
Management Discussion & Analysis

---- Page 37 ----
36
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
About this Report
This Sustainability Report (“Report”) reflects Greatech 
Technology Berhad (“Greatech” or “Company”) and 
its subsidiaries’ (“the Group”, “we”, or “our”) efforts 
and performance in managing its material economic, 
environmental, social risks and opportunities, in the manner 
prescribed by Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) 
of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”). 
Reporting Framework
This Report is prepared in accordance with the Global 
Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards and complies with the 
MMLR of Bursa Securities, with reference to Bursa Malaysia 
Sustainability Reporting Guide (“SRG”) as its reporting 
framework. 
This Report has also been prepared with reference to the 
following:
•	 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
(“UNSDGs”); 
•	 FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia (“F4GBM”) Index & 
FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Shariah (“F4GBMS”) 
Index; and
•	 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure 
(“TCFD”)* 
* Following the publication of the inaugural ISSB Standards 
— IFRS S1 and IFRS S2—the Financial Stability Board has 
asked the IFRS Foundation to take over the monitoring of 
the progress on companies’ climate-related disclosures from 
the TCFD - from 2024.
Sustainability Report
In addition to this Report, the Company provide 
comprehensive details on various aspects of our sustainability 
programme throughout the Annual Report and Corporate 
Governance Report, which outline our approach to 
governance, risk management and sustainability initiatives.
Reporting Scope
Greatech reports its sustainability performance annually. This 
report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 
2024, aligning with Greatech’s financial year. It encompasses 
the Group within our business sector for the financial year 
ending 31 st December 2024 (“FY2024”, “the year”, or 
“Reporting Period”).
The majority of our operations are conducted through our 
Malaysian subsidiaries, specifically, Greatech Integration 
(M) Sdn Bhd. This Malaysian entity hosts our largest 
manufacturing facilities in Penang, which include seven 
factories within the state. Approximately 96% of our 
workforce is based at this Malaysian subsidiary, which 
remains under our direct organisational control. Therefore, 
this Report will primarily refer to our Malaysian operations, 
which are within our direct control. Where the disclosure 
pertains to a specific subset of our operations such as 
factory locations, we have indicated this within the report. 
Other foreign subsidiaries are not included in this report, as 
they are relatively small in terms of both factory space and 
employee numbers.
Where relevant, we will also present data from previous 
years to track progress and to provide context. This report 
highlights our approach to addressing key sustainability 
matters that impacts our business and our ability to create 
long-term value for all stakeholders. 
Assurance Statement
In strengthening the credibility of this Report, data for each 
corresponding material topic has undergone review by our 
internal auditors to ensure key information disclosed is free 
from any material error or omission. After a preliminary 
review by the Audit and Risk Management Committee 
(“ARMC”), the Board of Directors (“Board”) reviewed and 
approved the Report.


---- Page 38 ----
37
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
SUSTAINABILITY AT GREATECH
Our Approach to Sustainability
Recognising the shifting global corporate sentiment, Greatech acknowledges both the opportunity and responsibility it holds in 
contributing to a more sustainable world. The Company’s sustainability strategy goes far beyond financial performance, with a 
steadfast commitment to creating enduring value for our stakeholders while addressing the pressing environmental challenges 
of our time. At Greatech, we are driven by the belief that long-term success is intertwined with responsible stewardship of the 
planet and its resources.
We are dedicated to pioneering positive change within the markets we serve, actively supporting the transition to a low-carbon 
economy and advancing initiatives that build resilience across industries. By integrating sustainability into the core of our 
operations, we aim to lead by example, cultivating innovative solutions that not only meet today’s challenges but also pave the 
way for a more sustainable tomorrow.
Since 2019, Greatech has focused on three core sustainability values: People, Planet and Profit – integrating them into all 
aspects of our business. We track progress, refine strategies and develop action plans as needed. Our efforts are supported by 
strong governance, policies and procedures to effectively manage risks and seize opportunities, ensuring long-term value for 
all stakeholders. 
Sustainability Report
Materiality Analysis and Stakeholder Engagement
Greatech’s sustainability materiality analysis underpins our efforts, identifying key risks, opportunities and areas for meaningful 
impact. We review and update the most material sustainability issues annually, ensuring alignment with stakeholder interests. 
Regular engagement with stakeholders through various channels allows us to gather valuable input and strengthen relationships 
with those who have a vested interest in our operations.
The most recently materiality analysis, conducted in 2023, centred on our three-core sustainability value and serves as the 
foundation for our ongoing strategy. This analysis is reviewed annually to ensure its continued relevance and alignment with 
global standards. In this year’s review, we further refined our assessment to address key ESG issues that could impact the 
Group’s business or influence stakeholder decisions, in line with Bursa Securities’ Common Sustainability Matters. Our approach 
includes analysing global megatrends, assessing our corporate strategy, evaluating material business risks and opportunities 
across our value chain and aligning with GRI standards.
 
We also actively seek feedback from key stakeholders such as customers, employees, investors and the community while 
engaging the Board, executive management, and the Sustainability Working Group (“SWG”) for strategic insights. The insights 
are then incorporated into our sustainability strategy, which defines our key focus areas. These focus areas are continuously 
refined to ensure alignment with evolving requirements and industry standards. In 2024, we did not identify any significant 
changes to the Group’s material ESG matters, further validating the robustness of our current focus areas.
Strong governance, clear policies and robust processes
Planet
Environment and Climate
Take responsibility to minimise its 
environmental impact and actively 
support the green transition by 
responsibly managing resources
People
Healthy People
Promotes a safe, stimulating and 
empowering environment where 
talent can thrive
Profit
Sustainable Finance
Profitability enables Greatech 
to offer products that promote 
sustainability, support community 
development and education, and 
ensure long-term security of our 
employees

---- Page 39 ----
38
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
SUSTAINABILITY AT GREATECH (CONT’D)
Stakeholders Engagement Framework
We have identified the primary stakeholders based on our value chain, including those who either influence or are impacted by 
our environmental, social and business ethics activities, as well as those who rely on Greatech’s sustainability information. Our 
key stakeholders include our customers, employees, investors, shareholders, suppliers, governments, media, universities, non-
governmental organisations (“NGOs”) and affected communities. The table below outlines the topics of dialogue, frequency of 
engagement and channels used.
Stakeholder Topic of Dialogue
Frequency of 
Engagement Engagement Channels
Investors/ 
Shareholders
•	 Company business development
•	 Growth opportunities
•	 Strategy
•	 Corporate governance
•	 Sustainability
•	 Regulatory compliance
•	 Monthly, 
quarterly, 
annually
•	 Press releases and Bursa Securities submission
•	 Roadshows and conferences
•	 Investors calls and analysts’ meetings
•	 Website information
•	 Quarterly announcement and annual reports
•	 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and circulars
•	 Sustainability reporting
•	 Executive meetings, presentations and 
operational tours
Customers •	 Product quality and safety
•	 Sustainable technologies
•	 Product energy efficiency and price 
competitiveness
•	 Best practices
•	 Compliance
•	 Service excellence
•	 Daily, weekly, 
monthly, 
annually
•	 Audits
•	 Greatech after-sales activities
•	 Compliance certification
•	 Customer surveys
•	 Joint development with customer
•	 Proprietary company events and meetings
•	 Global, regional and local industry events, 
exhibitions and conferences
•	 Training and development
Suppliers 
and Business 
Partners
•	 Product quality and safety
•	 Fair and transparent procurement 
procedures
•	 Occupational health and safety
•	 Training and education
•	 Compliance with Greatech and 
industry’s standards
•	 Long-term partnership
•	 Daily, weekly, 
monthly, 
annually
•	 Supplier evaluations and audits
•	 Due diligence
•	 Procurements and invitations to biddings/
quoting
•	 Meetings
•	 Emails
•	 Purchasing policies/principles
•	 Training and development
Employees •	 Health and safety
•	 Career advancement opportunities
•	 Company’s growth plan and 
direction 
•	 Training opportunities
•	 Workplace culture
•	 Compensation and benefits
•	 Work-life balance
•	 Diversity & equal opportunities
•	 Compliance with Greatech 
standards
•	 Daily, weekly, 
monthly, 
annually
•	 Intranet, newsletter and email
•	 Townhall meetings
•	 Performance review
•	 Employee engagements and activities
•	 Employee surveys
•	 Staff meetings
•	 Internal publications, policies and procedures
•	 Talent management programme 
Governments/ 
Regulators
•	 Regulatory compliance
•	 Survey, statistical requests by local 
and national authorities
•	 Anti-corruption
•	 Occupational health and safety
•	 Scheduled waste disposals
•	 Monthly, 
quarterly, 
annually
•	 Formal and informal bilateral meetings with 
public officials at all levels of government
•	 Reports to regulatory bodies in compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations
•	 Participation in conferences, forums and events
•	 Announcements
•	 Correspondences
Sustainability Report

---- Page 40 ----
39
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
SUSTAINABILITY AT GREATECH (CONT’D)
Stakeholder Topic of Dialogue
Frequency of 
Engagement Engagement Channels
Universities, 
Institutions and 
NGOs
•	 Collaborations and partnerships 
on shared industry, social and 
environmental interests
•	 Networking of industry and research
•	 Recruitment
•	 On an as 
needed basis 
and driven 
by events
•	 Meetings
•	 Collaborations with academia
•	 Research projects
•	 Educational fairs, events and conferences
•	 University group visits
•	 Internship
Media 
Representatives
•	 Innovation and technologies
•	 Greatech’s employer branding
•	 Sustainability
•	 Financial position 
•	 On an as 
needed basis 
and driven 
by events
•	 Interviews
•	 Press releases
Community •	 Collaboration and social 
investments
•	 Environment
•	 Innovation and technology 
promotion
•	 On an as 
needed basis 
and driven 
by events
•	 On-going dialogues on charitable projects and 
organisations
•	 Donations and sponsorships
•	 Employee volunteerism
•	 Meetings
•	 Participation in CSR activities, initiatives, events 
and conferences
Materiality Matrix
The relevant sustainability areas for Greatech are illustrated in the materiality matrix below. A comprehensive list of 12 material 
ESG matters is plotted against the x-axis, which shows the importance of each matter to the business, and against the y-axis, 
which shows how critical each matter is to influence the stakeholder’s decision on our business engagements.
FY2024 Materiality Matrix
Influence	of	Stakeholder	Assessment	and	Decisions	
Highly Critical Critical Moderate 
• Economic Performance
• Anti-Corruption 
• Health, Safety and Wellbeing
• Data Privacy
• Energy Management and 
Emissions
• Climate Change
• Human Capital Management 
• Supply Chain Management
• Diversity
• Community/Society
• Waste Management
• Water
Critical Moderate Highly Critical 
Significance	of	Greatech’s	Economic,	Environmental	and	Social	Impacts	
SocialEconomicEnvironment
Moving forward, the Group will continue to review its material sustainability matters against the dynamic business environment, 
stakeholder opinions, as well as emerging local and global trends on an annual basis.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 41 ----
40
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
SUSTAINABILITY AT GREATECH (CONT’D)
Alignment with UNSDGs
Greatech is also committed to support the UNSDGs. Therefore, we have identified 8 Sustainability Goals which we believe are 
most relevant to our business and where we can contribute to the Economic, Environmental and Social (“EES”) sustainability in 
Malaysia.
The table below provides an overview of the Sustainability Goals adopted by Greatech in measuring our sustainability 
performance and it has been categorised according to the EES pillars:
Pillars Material Sustainability 
Matters GRI Reference UNSDGs
Environmental 1. Energy Management 
and Emissions
GRI 302: Energy 2016
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
2. Water GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
3. Waste Management GRI 306: Waste 2020
Social 1. Diversity GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
2. Human Capital 
Management
GRI 401: Employment 2016
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
3. Health, Safety and 
Wellbeing  
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
4. Community/Society GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016
Economic 1. Economic 
Performance
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
GRI 207: Tax 2019
2. Anti-Corruption GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
3. Data Privacy GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
4. Supply Chain 
Management
GRI 204: Procurement Practices 2016
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
Sustainability Report

---- Page 42 ----
41
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
The Board oversees the sustainability including potential impacts to our business from ESG issues, both directly and through 
its committees. The Group Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and executive management are ultimately responsible for the 
effective governance of sustainability within the Group. The CEO leads the SWG, which focuses on integrating sustainability 
into the Group’s overall strategy. However, the Group Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), designated by the Board, takes the lead 
in managing sustainability initiatives across the organisation, focusing on key areas such as responsible business practices, 
environmental impact and social responsibility. 
Each head of a functional department is accountable for setting internal targets, driving actions and reporting results within 
their respective areas. The SWG, which includes field experts and department representatives, ensure cross-departmental 
collaboration, monitor progress and facilitates the sharing of best practices to support the Group’s sustainability goals.
In conjunction with the annual business strategy review, the Board reviews and approves the sustainability strategy proposed 
by executive management. In 2024, Greatech’s management team provided updates on ESG topics, including climate risk, 
renewable energy sourcing, human capital management, corporate governance, ESG ratings and related public disclosures. 
The Board is also responsible for approving the annual statutory Sustainability Report with updates on sustainability efforts and 
progress being presented throughout the year.
The ARMC and the Board are regularly updated on developments related to regulated sustainability reporting, including the 
National Sustainability Reporting Framework (“NSRF”) and the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standard issued by ISSB. Over the 
course of the year, both the Board and the ARMC closely monitored the Company’s effort to ensure future compliance with the 
NSRF .
SUSTAINABILITY AT GREATECH (CONT’D)
Sustainability Governance 
Secretary
Koay Lin Lin
Business Engineering Supply Chain Operations Health & 
Safety
Governance
& Compliance
Human 
Resources
CSR 
Committee
Board of Directors Oversees ESG matters
Chairman
Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee Leads the Sustainability Working Group
The Sustainability Working Group (“SWG”) monitors and evaluates sustainability activities and performance. 
The relevant functions implement sustainability initiatives.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 43 ----
42
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
ENVIRONMENTAL
At Greatech, we recognise the importance of environmental sustainability and are committed to driving sustainability across 
our operations and product offerings. We actively reduce our environmental impact through sustainable practices, including 
cleaner technologies, responsible waste management and energy-efficient machinery. The Group’s automation solutions help 
customers enhance productivity, minimise waste and lower carbon emissions, contributing toward a net-zero future. 
Environmental management systems and supporting initiatives/programmes are established and maintained to support pollution 
prevention, resource conversation and waste minimisation. Other than the newly constructed 4th facility in Batu Kawan (“BK 4”) 
which we aim to achieve this accreditation by 2025, our key production sites in Penang are each certified to the international 
recognised standards, including:
Percentage	of	Certified	Operating	Sites
Certification Operating Sites FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
ISO 9001:2015, Quality management system Penang, Malaysia 6* out of 7 
(85.7%)
6 out of 6
(100%)
5 out of 5
(100%)
ISO 14001:2015, Environmental management system Penang, Malaysia 6* out of 7 
(85.7%)
6 out of 6
(100%)
5 out of 5
(100%)
ISO 45001:2015, Occupational health and safety 
assessment system
Penang, Malaysia 6* out of 7
(85.7%)
6 out of 6
(100%)
5 out of 5
(100%)
ISO 13485:2016, Medical equipment Penang, Malaysia 6* out of 7 
(85.7%)
6 out of 6
(100%)
5 out of 5
(100%)
Note: * Excludes a newly constructed BK IV site, Penang during FY2024.
We take a thorough, risk-focused approach to evaluate and reduce our environmental impact in key areas such as energy, water, 
hazardous waste and CO 2 emissions. We set clear objectives for improvement with assigned responsibilities, and progress is 
regularly tracked and reported in management reviews. This process promotes awareness and sustained engagement across 
organisation, helping us consistently achieve or surpass our environmental goals. To ensure our environmental management 
system is effectively maintained, we conduct internal and external environmental audits annually.
We evaluate performance data from both absolute value and intensity perspectives to identify improvement opportunities. 
These opportunities are integrated into our key performance indicator (“KPI”) setting process to drive continuous improvement 
and minimise the environmental impact of our operations. 
In 2024, the Group incurred a RM2,000 compound for untimely notifying the Department of Environment (“DOE”) within the 
stipulated 30-day period regarding the disposal of a container contaminated with chemical waste (SW409). This oversight posed 
potential environmental harm, which we take seriously. We have learned valuable lessons from this incident and have since 
implemented stronger measures to ensure compliance and prevent recurrence, reaffirming our commitment to environmental 
responsibility and continuous operational improvement.
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Number of instances on any non-compliances to environmental laws and 
regulation 1 0 0
Energy Management
As a technology company, we rely heavily on energy to power our operations and support the machines testing processes. We 
are acutely aware of the broader impact of climate change, including potential disruptions to power supply due to extreme 
weather events and the risks to coal and natural gas mining operations that Malaysia depends on for power generation. In 
response, we are committed to improving energy efficiency across our operations and ensuring sustainability of our energy use.
Most of our facilities are located in industrial zones, utilising utilities supplied by external municipal sources. Our reporting on 
electricity, fuel and waste addresses the materiality issues identified through our assessment, considering both stakeholders 
concerns and business risks.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 44 ----
43
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL (CONT’D)
Energy Management (Cont’d)
A summary of our energy consumption is as follows:
Total Energy Consumption Unit FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Electricity consumption (1)
Total electricity consumption MWh 17,427.97 12,642.04 12,080.33
Fuel consumption
Diesel (2) MWh 216.22 201.83 170.50
Total fuel consumption MWh 216.22 201.83 170.50
Total energy consumption MWh 17,644.19 12,843.87 12,250.83
Total energy consumption GJ 63,519 46,238 44,103
Revenue RM’ million 752 659 546
Energy intensity ratio (3) MWh/Revenue 23.46 19.49 22.44
Renewable energy MWh 1,767 580 -
Percentage of renewable energy 
(of total energy consumed) % 10.0% 4.5% 0%
Notes:
1. Consumption of electricity is measured based on direct meter reading per site.
2. The energy (in MWh) of diesel is calculated using conversion factor from Sustainability Exchange UK.
3. Energy intensity ratio is calculated based on total energy consumption (in MWh) divided by total revenue per RM1 million. 
The total energy consumption has increased significantly over the last year. This is driven by a full year of reporting at our new 
BK IV site and an increased in business volume, which contributed to the higher energy consumption.
Sustainability Report
2024 2023 2022
Total Energy Consumption
(MWh)
0
4,000
8,000
12,000
16,000
20,000
 17,644.19
12,843.86
12,250.82
Total energy consumption
(MWh)
0
10
15
20
25
30
23.46
19.49
22.44
Energy intensity ratio (3)
(MWh/Revenue)

---- Page 45 ----
44
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
ENVIRONMENTAL (CONT’D)
Energy Management (Cont’d)
The Group remains committed to improving energy management and reducing Green House Gases (“GHG”) across our 
operations through various initiatives:
•	 Investment in energy-efficient measures: The Group has invested in energy-efficient technologies including air compressors 
with energy-saving inverter systems, LED lighting across all operations, centralised air-conditioning, and double-glazed 
glass to improve insulation. A key achievement during the year was the complete transition from fluorescent lighting to 
100% LED lighting. To further reduce energy consumption, we suspend air compressor operations after working hours, 
over weekends and during holidays when not in use. Additionally, we conduct preventive maintenance on air compressor 
piping to minimise leakage and optimise energy efficiency.
•	 Expansion of energy efficiency programmes: Building on the success of our pilot energy efficiency programme at Batu 
Kawan Plant I (“BK I”), we have implemented energy monitoring systems for real-time tracking of energy usage, enabling 
the identification of inefficiencies and supporting data-driven decisions to reduce consumption. Additionally, we are raising 
employee’s awareness through initiatives like shutting down laptops at the end of the day, turning off monitors and lights, 
and promoting fuel-efficient driving, all aimed at fostering energy-saving behaviours and share best practices across our 
operations. 
•	 Power reduction in workplace lighting: To minimise power consumption, lighting and air-conditioning in areas such as 
restrooms and pantry are kept off and activated only when in use. Motion sensors are installed in spaces with infrequent 
occupancy to prevent unnecessary lighting, and programmable timers are used to automatically adjust lighting based on 
occupancy schedules.
•	 Set point management: Our earlier energy audit identified the ventilation and air-conditioning (“VAC”) systems as a major 
contributor to its carbon footprint. To address this, we implemented set point management for our VAC systems during 
the year. This approach optimises temperature settings to reduce energy consumption while maintaining operational 
efficiency and comfort, significantly improving energy efficiency and lowering our overall environmental impact.
Renewable Energy
The share of renewable sources in our total energy consumption increased from 4.5% in 2023 to 10.0% in 2024.
As part of our decarbonisation strategy, we are committed to promoting renewable energy growth by switching to sustainable 
sources wherever feasible. Solar systems installed at BK I in Penang, Malaysia contributed 1,767 MWh to our renewable energy 
capacity in 2024. We aim to expand renewable energy sourcing at other sites to further mitigate GHG emissions. To achieve 
our ambitious goal of tripling our current renewable energy generation capacity by the end of the decade, we are actively 
advocating for increased investment in renewable energy initiatives. This strategic focus not only enhances our sustainability 
efforts but also aligns with global trends towards cleaner energy solutions.
Given government rebates under the Net Energy Metering (“NEM”) scheme and the high emission factor of grid electricity, we 
continue to invest in solar PV systems for both financial and environmental benefits. These initiatives align with Malaysia’s goal 
to reduce carbon intensity by 45% by 2030.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Management
Our commitment to emissions reduction is evident in the ongoing improvements we are making to our operations and in our 
disclosures. 
Ongoing strategies to reduce GHG emissions include the substitution of Scope 1 emissions contributors and energy efficiency 
improvements along with increased renewable energy sourcing to reduce Scope 2 emissions. We have gradually phased out 
our traditional fuel-powered forklifts in favour of more environmentally friendly, battery-operated models. These new forklifts 
produce zero exhaust emissions and operate more quietly, improve air-quality within our facilities and surrounding areas, while 
also contributing to a safer and more pleasant working environment for our employees. We continue to minimise our use of 
fossil fuels through regular vehicle maintenance and efficient operation of our vehicles. Additionally, our vehicle policy prioritises 
low-emission options, such as hybrid/electric vehicles to further reduce our environmental impact. 
In addressing growing expectations from our stakeholders, we have expanded our discussion on GHG emissions and our Net 
Zero approach - which can be found in the metrics and target section of our climate report. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 46 ----
45
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL (CONT’D)
Scope 3 Emissions
This year, we strengthened our efforts to identify and calculate Scope 3 emissions, focusing on business travel and employee 
commuting at our Malaysia site (Categories 6 and 7 under the GHG Protocol). In alignment with the GHG Protocol, we regularly 
review our reporting to account for changes in business structure, calculation methods and data accuracy or availability. Given 
the inherent uncertainties in Scope 3 calculation, we have adopted an ongoing approach to refine our processes and will 
disclose any updates or adjustments transparently and promptly. 
A summary of our emissions profile is as follows:
GHG Emissions Unit FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Direct Emissions (Scope 1) (1) tCO2 59 55 45
Indirect Emissions (Scope 2) (2) tCO2 13,594 9,861 8,384
Total Scope 1 & 2 Emissions tCO2 13,653 9,916 8,429
Business Air Travel (Scope 3) (3) tCO2 1,106 901 -
Employee Communing (Scope 3) (4) tCO2 3,703 - -
Total Scope 3 Emissions tCO2 4,809 901 -
GHG Emissions Intensity Ratio (4)
Revenue RM’ million 752 659 546
Scope 1 tCO2 / Revenue 0.08 0.08 0.08
Scope 2 tCO2 /Revenue 18.08 14.97 15.35
Scope 3 tCO2 / Revenue 6.39 1.37 -
(1) Scope 1, direct CO 2 emissions: CO2 emissions come mainly from the consumption of diesel for vehicles i.e., lorries, forklifts 
and back-up generators owned by the Group, calculated based on the reported fuel quantities for our principal manufacturing 
sites in Malaysia. The emissions data of energy (in MWh) of diesel is calculated using the conversion factor from the Malaysian 
Green Technology Corporation.
(2) Scope 2, indirect CO 2 emissions: Electricity that we consumed for our principal manufacturing sites in Malaysia accounts for 
approximately 99% of the energy we use at Greatech. It is primarily used for manufacturing of our system, machinery and 
equipment from assembly to testing, lighting, office equipment, VAC systems and production machine, are derived from 
reported energy quantities. The emissions conversion factor used is from the Malaysian Green Technology Corporation.
(3) Scope 3, limited to business air travel of our employees: We initiated the collection of Scope 3 emissions (business air travel) 
in FY2023. The emission data for business air travel comes mainly from business-related air travel, where the emission data 
is calculated using the International Air Transport Association (“IATA”)’s simplified version of the IATA CO 2Connect CO 2 
footprint calculator.
(4) Scope 3, employee commuting: We initiated the collection of Scope 3 emissions for Employee Commuting in FY2024. The 
emission data was gathered through a survey, where employees estimated their fuel consumption commuting between their 
homes and primary work offices five days per week. The survey received about a 46% response rate. 
(5) Our GHG intensity ratio is calculated based on GHG emissions (in metric tonnes) divided by revenue (in RM million). 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 47 ----
46
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
ENVIRONMENTAL (CONT’D)
Water Management
Greatech recognises the importance of responsible water management in our operations. While our water withdrawal may not 
be substantial compared to other manufacturing companies, we remain committed to monitoring and minimising our water 
usage as part of our broader water conservation efforts. 
Water usage in our operations primarily occurs within our fabrication processes and in building support areas, including drinking 
water, washrooms, pantries, and sprinkler systems. Our production activities are not water-intensive, which means our overall 
water consumption has a limited environmental impact. 
Our current water consumption does not significantly impact water availability in the regions where we operate, and there is 
no immediate threat of water scarcity at our manufacturing sites. In FY2024, we assess and understand our potential impact on 
water resources using the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas from the World Resources Institute. Based on this assessment, the overall 
water risk in the regions where we operate, including Penang, Malaysia, and other key locations, is classified as low. 
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Number	of	water	stress/water	scarce	locations	which	we	operate	in:	 0 0 0
Apart from usual maintenance/repair and enhancements to our water related fixtures, we did not incur any other cost as a 
result of water related risks. This includes costs associated with disruption of water by local authorities. However, in order to 
mitigate any potential impact of water disruption in the future and to reduce our water withdrawal from treated sources, we 
have invested in rainwater harvesting and storage systems at our Bayan Lepas and Batu Kawan facilities in Penang. 
Our water withdrawal is solely from the public grid maintained by the local water authorities and rainwater collected through 
our rainwater harvesting. Our used water is then discharged to off-site treatment plants via sewerage system maintained by local 
authorities. An overview of our water withdrawal, water discharge and water intensity ratio are as follows: 
Total Water Withdrawal(1),	by	Source:	 Unit FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Municipal Potable Water Supply m 3 45,791 34,551 22,405
Harvested rainwater m3 68 49 43
Surface water from rivers, lakes and natural ponds m 3 0 0 0
Groundwater from wells, boreholes m 3 0 0 0
Used quarry water collected in the quarry m 3 0 0 0
External wastewater m3 0 0 0
Sea water, water extracted from the sea or the ocean m 3 0 0 0
Total Water withdrawal or used 
m3 45,859 34,600 22,448
ML 45.9 34.6 22.4
Revenue RM’ million 752 659 546
Water Use Intensity Ratio (2) m3/Revenue 60.98 52.50 41.11
Notes:
(1)  The withdrawal of water is measured based on supplier statements and meter readings.
(2) Water use intensity is calculated as a percentage of water withdrawal (in m3) divided by total revenue in (RM).
Sustainability Report

---- Page 48 ----
47
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL (CONT’D)
Water Management (Cont’d) 
Sustainability Report
2024 2023 2022
Total Water withdrawal or used by Year
(m3)
0
10,000
20,000
30,000
40,000
50,000
 45,859
34,600
22,448
Total Water withdrawal or used 
(m3)
0
20
40
60
80
60.98
52.50
41.11
Water Use Intensity Ratio (2) 
(m3/Revenue)
During the year, Greatech’s total water withdrawal across all our Malaysian sites increased to 45.9 megalitres, representing an 
increase of 32% compared to the previous year. The significant increase in water withdrawal can be attributed to the addition of 
new facility and the corresponding rise in business activity during the reporting period. The size of our workforce also increased, 
leading to increased demand for drinking water and the use of welfare facilities. Notwithstanding, our water withdrawal/use 
ratio continues to be within our targeted range. 
Total Water Discharge, by Destination Unit FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Off-Site water treatment total discharge m3 45,859 34,600 22,448
Ocean total discharge m3 0 0 0
Surface water discharge m3 0 0 0
Subsurface/well total discharge m3 0 0 0
Beneficial/other use total discharge m3 0 0 0
Total discharge m3 45,859 34,600 22,448
The wastewater generated during our operations is discharged into publicly owned treatment plants and treated at municipal 
sewerage facilities, in full compliance with local requirements outlined by the DOE. There were no spills or unauthorised 
discharged into water sources, and we maintained strict adherence to water quality standards and regulations, with no instances 
of non-compliance. 
In consideration, our water consumption is well within our targets which takes into account the level of business activity (e.g. 
work orders, employee headcounts). Our target is based on maintaining an acceptable range on our monthly water use intensity 
ratio. Any departure would prompt a query from the CFO to the operational managers. Further investigation will be undertaken 
in order to obtain assurance that there is no water wastage as a result of human activity or poor maintenance leading to 
leakages. This represents our commitment to minimise our water withdrawal and optimise our water usage in our business.
 

---- Page 49 ----
48
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
ENVIRONMENTAL (CONT’D)
Water Management (Cont’d) 
We maintain production efficiency through our planning and project management framework – in order to optimise our water 
usage and ensure appropriate consumption levels. Additionally, we conduct routine inspections, engage employees in a culture 
of water conservation and adhere to established water resource management procedures such as implementing low-flow faucets 
and identifying water inefficiencies. However, we recognise that the opportunities for significant water savings remain limited.
Despite the low water risk area – owing to the availability of water in the area we operate in and relatively low levels of water 
being used vis a vis other manufacturers, we do not take this for granted and continue to monitor any developments which 
could disrupt water availability to our operations and the local community. We committed in engaging local community, should 
circumstances change, and committed in ensuring water availability to local population is not affected because of our business 
operations. To this end, we continue to support and align to any initiatives by Penang State Government and the local water 
authorities in ensuring water sustainability in the state which we operate and live in. 
Waste Management
In line with our commitment to environmental sustainability, the Group acknowledges that waste generation is an inherent part 
of our production processes. To mitigate the environmental impact, we have prioritised minimising production waste through a 
combination of waste reduction, reusing and recycling whenever feasible.
We reduce waste and optimise operating costs by ensuring proper planning and monitoring at our operation sites. We have 
relied on internal data analysis and our experience in ensuring procurement is optimised based on need. By ensuring we 
purchase only what is truly needed, we reduce the potential for waste resulting from poor planning and execution within the 
business. We also monitor our inventories and storage to ensure that no waste is generated due to improper storage and 
exposure to external elements. As a result of our attention to these details, we believe that the potential for further waste 
reduction per unit of product sold is minimal. 
Where possible, we are committed to ensuring we prioritise environmental friendly products. This includes purchase of 
biodegradable products or products which are sourced from recycled or environmentally friendly sources. This is our commitment 
to further reduce the impact of waste that is generated from our business. However, the scope of this is limited at this point – 
given the nature of business. Notwithstanding, we are continuously exploring feasible solutions in this area.
Our waste management strategy is aligned with Malaysia’s National Solid Waste Management Policy and we rigorously adhere 
to waste disposal regulations prescribed by the DOE. An overview of the waste generated is as follows: 
Waste Category
FY2024 
(tonnes)
FY2023 
(tonnes)
FY2022 
(tonnes)
Waste	directed	to	disposal:
Hazardous Waste 121 93 59
Non-Hazardous Waste (1) 259 105 (2) 
-
Waste diverted from disposal 173 126 152
Total Waste Generated 553 324 211
Note: 
(1) These non-hazardous wastes include general solid wastes, containers or drums, packaging materials and wood pallets.
(2) The data disclosed is only from July 2023 onwards.
 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 50 ----
49
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
ENVIRONMENTAL (CONT’D)
Hazardous Waste
The majority of our products are non-hazardous. Where hazardous items are involved, environmental risks are minimised by 
use of appropriate labelling and technical information, in conjunction with training and procedures for handling, storage and 
disposal. Given the nature of our operations, most of the waste generated arises from the use of cutting oil and cooling 
lubricants during metal fabrication and machining processes, resulting in contaminated metal chips as a byproduct. These 
wastes are classified as scheduled wastes due to their hazardous attributes, which pose potential risks to public health and the 
environment. To ensure the proper management of hazardous wastes, Greatech has engaged with certified waste management 
companies. These companies are responsible for collecting the waste and ensure its treatment and recovery in compliance with 
the Environmental Quality (Scheduled Wastes) Regulations 2005. 
We prioritise the safe handling of hazardous waste through comprehensive training programmes for all relevant employees, 
including orientation of new hires and annual refresher courses for existing staff. Training sessions cover key topics such as proper 
waste segregation, safe handling procedures, emergency response protocols and adherence to environmental regulations. 
This training is crucial in minimising risks and ensuring that hazardous waste is managed responsibly and in accordance with 
regulatory requirements, thereby safeguarding both personnel and the environment.
The table below showcases summary based on scheduled waste code: 
SW Code(1) (tonnes)(3) FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
SW422 78 68 43
SW307 21 15 16
Others (2) 22 10 0
121 93 59
Note: 
1. Scheduled Waste Codes
• SW422: Mixture of scheduled and non-scheduled wastes.
• SW307: Spent mineral oil-water emulsion.
2. Others scheduled waste codes that were combined due to the amount is not material individually are as below:
• SW102: Waste of lead acid batteries in whole or in crushed form
• SW103: Waste of batteries containing cadmium and nickel or mercury or lithium.
• SW303: Adhesive or glue waste containing organic solvents excluding solid polymeric materials.
• SW322: Waste of non-halogenated organic solvents.
• SW409: Disposed containers, bags or equipment contaminated with chemicals, pesticides, mineral oil or schedules wastes.
• SW410: Rags, plastics, papers or filters contaminated with scheduled wastes.
3. Volume of waste is calculated based on weight slips from the waste recipients for deliveries.
Scheduled Waste Intensity Ratio Unit FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Revenue RM’ million 752 659 546
As a % of revenue 
(total tonnes/total revenue):
tonnes/ Revenue- SW422 10.4% 10.3% 7.8%
- SW307 2.8% 2.3% 3.0%
- Others 2.9% 1.5% -
Although the total amount of waste generated has increased by 30.1% in FY2024, primarily due to higher production volumes, 
the waste intensity ratio relative to revenue has remained relatively consistent compared to FY2023. The Group is proactively 
pursuing strategies to minimise coolant consumption, reduce disposal quantities and lower waste disposal costs. One of the key 
initiatives involves the adoption of long-lasting cutting fluids, which not only reduces coolant usage but also extends the lifespan 
of cutting tools. Additionally, we have implemented coolant recycling systems in our computer numerical control (“CNC”) 
machining centre. These systems effectively filter and reuse coolant for subsequent machining processes, thereby reducing 
waste disposal volumes and promoting sustainability in our operations.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 51 ----
50
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
ENVIRONMENTAL (CONT’D)
Waste Diverted from Disposal
To support sustainable waste management, Greatech is dedicated to maximising the recyclability of our waste materials and 
actively practices recycling wherever possible. Waste generated from our production processes, including aluminium, mild steel 
and stainless steel, is meticulously sorted to identify its recyclable potential that can be reintroduced into a circular economy, 
benefiting other industries. We ensure that the waste is disposed of in the most appropriate form, minimising contamination 
and preserving quality, to enable the effective recycling and transformation of resources into new products with minimal loss. As 
a company, we ensure all our general waste is sorted into recyclable and non-recyclable items by our refuse collectors. We also 
have dedicated cardboard and paper waste collection points. We prioritise the reuse or repurposing packaging materials, such 
as wooden pallets and carton boxes, which are frequently used in our operations.
In FY2024, we successfully recycled 173 tonnes of waste (2023: 126 tonnes) including materials ranging from carton boxes 
to metal scraps. This represents a 37% increase in recycled waste compared to previous year, driven by increased business 
volume. We are committed to further improving these efforts in the coming year. Key activities to support this progress include 
expanding waste stream management across all our facilities, increasing awareness and education among our employees, 
leveraging statistics and reporting to track progress and ensure continuous improvements.
Recycled Waste Category Unit FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Carton Box
tonnes
32 5 1
Plastic (1) (1) 0
Metal Scrap 124 98 128
Aluminium 9 11 (1)
Stainless Steel 8 9 0
PVC Wire 0 0 17
Electrical Item 0 3 6
Total 173 126 152
Note:
(1) Amount disposed less than 1 tonnes
Sustainability Report

---- Page 52 ----
51
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PEOPLE
Diversity
Greatech is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive 
workplace where every individual is treated with equality, 
dignity and respect. The Company upholds a zero-tolerance 
policy toward all forms of discrimination and harassment. 
Any such incidents will be addressed promptly and with in-
tegrity, ensuring appropriate actions are taken.
At Greatech, we recognise the importance of diversity in the 
workplace as it greatly enhances the Group’s capacity for 
breadth of input and perspectives into decision-making, risk 
alertness and responsiveness to change. We are committed 
to promoting a fair and inclusion in all aspects of our oper-
ations, including recruitment, promotion and leadership de-
velopment. In our recruitment and promotion processes, all 
candidates are assessed based on merit, competencies and 
personal qualities, ensuring a fair and equitable approach to 
selection. While we do not set specific targets for workplace 
diversity, we prioritise merit-based recruitment practices to 
attract talent from diverse backgrounds globally.
Workforce Diversity and Inclusion 
Recognising the historically male-dominated nature of the 
industry, the Company acknowledges the importance of 
promoting greater gender equality within the organisation. 
To support this objective, the Executive Management is ac-
tively reviewing and refining the Group’s recruitment strat-
egies to attract more women, both in leadership positions 
and across all departments.
During the reporting period, women constitute 33% of our 
senior management team. Our focused efforts aimed at en-
hancing gender diversity and inclusivity have resulted in a 
4% rise in female representation within middle management 
roles. This concerted effort has culminated in an overall in-
crease of 1% in women’s representation across the organi-
sation. As we continue to prioritise the cultivation of a di-
verse and inclusive workplace, we recognise the importance 
of addressing gender imbalances across all organisational 
levels. Notably, the overall proportion of female employees 
has shown a positive trend, rising from 14% in FY2023 to 
15% in FY2024. However, we acknowledge that further im-
provement in gender diversity are essential for fostering an 
equitable work environment.
To support the advancement of women into leadership roles, the Group offers tailored leadership development initiatives and 
mentorship programmes designed to nurture the potential of high performing female employees. A complete breakdown of 
our employees according to gender and employee categories can be found in the table below:
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Employee Category by Gender Male Female Male Female Male Female
Senior Management (1) 67% 33% 67% 33% 67% 33%
Middle Management 73% 27% 77% 23% 83% 17%
Executive 80% 20% 80% 20% 82% 18%
Non-Executive 94% 6% 94% 6% 93% 7%
Overall Composition 85% 15% 86% 14% 87% 13%
Note:
(1) Senior Management as defined by Greatech, refers to C-Suite
Male Female
85%2024 15%
2023
 86% 14%
2022
 87% 13%
Employee Category by Gender
Sustainability Report

---- Page 53 ----
52
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Workforce Diversity and Inclusion (Cont’d)
Our workforce comprises a diverse range of employees, with a predominant age group falling below the ages of 30. The 
complete breakdown of employee categories by age groups is as listed below:
Employee Category by Age Group
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Age Group (Years)
<30 30-50 >50 <30 30-50 >50 <30 30-50 >50
Senior Management (1) 0% 0% 100% 0% 33% 67%
69% 30% 1%
Middle Management 2% 88% 10% 2% 91% 7%
Executive 72% 27% 1% 74% 25% 1%
Non-Executive 67% 32% 1% 72% 27% 1%
Overall Composition 68% 31% 1% 70% 29% 1%
Note:
(1) Senior Management as defined by Greatech, refers to C-Suite
68% 31%2024 1%
2023
 70% 29% 1%
2022
 69% 30% 1%
Employee Category by Age Group
<30 30-50 >50
Board Diversity
Currently, the Board comprises 7 members, of which 2 are female, accounting for 29% of total composition. While the Board has 
not established a specific target for female representation within its diversity policy, it remains dedicated to fostering diversity 
and inclusion. The Board is actively assessing avenues to enhance diversity across all levels of the organisation, aligning with 
broader industry trends and regulatory expectations for gender representation on corporate boards.
Director Breakdown by Gender FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Female 29% 29% 33%
Male 71% 71% 67%
In terms of age diversity of the board members, currently all board members are of age 50 and above. 
Director Breakdown by Age FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
<30 0 0 0
30-50 0 0 0
>50 100% 100% 100%
Sustainability Report

---- Page 54 ----
53
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Zero Discrimination and Equal Opportunity
At Greatech, we are deeply committed to providing equal opportunities and fostering a work environment that is free from 
unlawful discrimination or harassment across the organisation. We actively monitor this commitment through an annual employee 
survey and strongly encourage employees to report any incidents to their immediate manager, Human Resources (“HR”) or 
through our whistleblower function. Discrimination cases related to any categories outlined in our Code of Conduct (“Code”) 
can be reported without hesitation. 
This commitment is firmly enshrined in our Code, which explicitly prohibit any form of unlawful discrimination based on race, 
colour, gender and other protected characteristics. To reinforce this ethos, we offer training programmes aimed at enhancing 
management skills, with a specific focus on topics such as discrimination, workplace harassment and employee engagement. 
These initiatives are designed to raise awareness and promote inclusivity across all levels of the organisation.
The Group is dedicated to creating an inclusive workplace that is accessible to all employees, including those with disabilities. 
This commitment includes providing essential facilities such as handicapped parking spaces, wheelchair ramps and universally 
accessible restrooms to ensure that differently abled employees can navigate the workplace safely and efficiently. Beyond our 
internal efforts, we prioritise inclusion within the communities where we operate, actively supporting “local first” initiatives in our 
local operations. Moreover, we encourage employee development by offering financial support for education and certification 
programmes, covering part or all of tuition costs, contingent upon employees maintaining the required academic standards.
As a result of our ongoing efforts to promote a zero-tolerance policy for discrimination and to foster inclusivity in the workplace, 
we are pleased to report that there have been no incidents of discrimination or harassment reported to our HR and Administration 
(“HRA”) team across our operations. 
Number of substantiated complaints concerning discrimination or harassment in the 
workplace	received	in	FY2022,	2023	and	2024:
None Reported 
Recruitment and Retention
The Group acknowledges that its employees are the cornerstone of our organisation, and we rely on them to deliver our value 
proposition to our customers. Therefore, Greatech places a paramount emphasis on attracting, developing and retaining skilled 
employees to ensure the Group’s sustained success. This commitment is especially vital given the challenges we face, including 
the skills gaps among graduates, the advent of gig economy, demographic shifts towards an ageing workforce and high attrition 
rates, especially among the post-millennial generation. 
Our recruitment efforts are primarily focused on young engineering professionals, typically drawn from universities and colleges. 
For senior roles, we emphasise relevant experience, qualifications and cultural fit within the organisation. We apply the same 
rigorous standards and procedures across all locations.
We have strengthened our talent acquisition capabilities at every level by incorporating powerful employer branding, labour 
market insights, advanced sourcing techniques and streamlined recruitment processes. To connect with top young talent, we 
maintain strong collaborative relationships with several local universities and colleges. These partnership allow us to introduce 
candidates from the engineering field to automation industry through cooperative programmes, helping to develop the next 
generation of skilled engineers.
We also encourage our employees to actively engage with young people about career opportunities in our industry, highlighting 
our innovative culture, core values and the exciting opportunities we offer. Our open roles are promoted through various events 
and platforms, including career fairs, industry conferences, online networking sites and social media. These initiatives help 
present our Company as an outstanding workplace, showcase career opportunities and engage with potential candidates who 
align with our values and vision.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 55 ----
54
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Recruitment and Retention (Cont’d)
Initiatives in Hiring
Inclusive hiring practices • We ensure our hiring processes are inclusive and fair, focusing on attracting candidates 
from diverse backgrounds. This include implementing unbiased recruitment practices and 
providing training for hiring teams on diversity and inclusion.
Partnerships with 
educational institutions
• We collaborate with universities and colleges to promote science, technology, engineering 
and mathematics (“STEM”) education among young graduates.
Diversity metrics and goals • We track diversity metrics and set gender diversity targets to increase the representation of 
women within our workforce. 
Young Engineer Programme 
(“YEP”)
• To provide young engineering graduates twelve (12) to twenty-four (24) months of 
a structured and tailored route into the industry, allowing them to broaden valuable 
commercial knowledge and expand their professional networks.
• We foster our talent through inclusive and equitable practices that prioritise career 
progression, professional development and retention, with a strong emphasis on mentorship.
• Since the inception of the YEP in 2019, 671 young engineering graduates have been 
placed into full-time positions within the Group. In FY2024, 115 graduates enrolled in the 
programme, demonstrating our commitment to nurturing young talent and investing in the 
future of the industry. 
We maintained a robust hiring effort, resulting in 6% increase in our headcount and the creation of 316 new headcounts within 
the Group. The majority of these new positions were in engineering and production departments, which are the key areas 
critical to our operations and growth. Our workforce does not include seasonal or part-time employees and we do not have any 
differently abled personnel. The detailed breakdown of our new hires in FY2024 is as listed below:
New Hires breakdown by Gender, Age Group, and Nationality
New Hires FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
By Gender Count % Count % Count %
Male 249 79% 302 82% 612 81%
Female 67 21% 66 18% 140 19%
Total (By Gender) 316 100% 368 100% 752 100%
By Age Group Count % Count % Count %
<30 241 76% 276 75% 640 85%
30-50 73 23% 86 23% 108 14%
>50 2 1% 6 2% 4 1%
Total (By Age Group) 316 100% 368 100% 752 100%
By Nationality Count % Count % Count %
Local (1) 315 100% 339 92% 732 97%
Foreign 1 0% 29 8% 20 3%
Total (By Nationality) 316 100% 368 100% 752 100%
Note:
(1) Local as defined by Greatech, refers to Malaysians
Sustainability Report

---- Page 56 ----
55
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Recruitment and Retention (Cont’d)
At Greatech, we are dedicated to fostering inclusivity within the local communities we serve. Our “Locals First” initiative 
prioritise hiring local to strengthen community ties, support local economies, and ensure a workforce that is deeply connected 
to the local market and culture. 
Employee Category by Nationality  
Nationality
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Local (1) Foreign Local (1) Foreign Local (1) Foreign
Senior Management(2) 3 0 3 0 3 0
Middle Management 66 1 55 1 45 1
Executive 894 1 780 1 698 1
Non-Executive 522 45 560 45 472 27
Grand Total 1,485 47 1,398 47 1,218 29
Percentage (%) 97% 3% 97% 3% 98% 2%
Notes:
(1) Local as defined by Greatech, refers to Malaysians
(2) Senior Management as defined by Greatech, refers to C-Suite
Sustainability Report
Local Foreign
97%2024 3%
2023
 97% 3%
2022
 98% 2%
Employee Category by Nationality
Utilisation of Contractors/Temporary Staff
In FY2024, 0.1% of our employees are temporary staff/contractors. We limit our dependence on temporary workers to maintain 
stability and continuity in our operations while also upholding our stringent quality standards.
Employment Type FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Contracted/Temporary Staff 0.1% 0.1% 0.2%

---- Page 57 ----
56
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Compensation	and	Benefits	
Employee benefits are a vital part of our dedication to our staff. We believe that providing support and ample compensation not 
only improves employee well-being but also significantly contribute to organisation’s success. Our compensation and benefits 
packages are carefully designed to remain competitive within the relevant market for each role, ensuring alignment with our 
business objectives while adhering to all applicable laws regarding wages, working hours, overtime and benefits, irrespective 
of location.
In addition to legal compliance, our HRA team conducts regular reviews and benchmarks our compensation and benefits 
packages against industry standards to ensure we stay competitive in attracting and retaining top talent. This help us foster a 
motivated and engaged workforce that drives the Company’s goals forward.
The key benefits that Greatech offers include:
Types	of	Benefits Description
Leaves Annual Leave, Medical/Sick Leave, Maternity Leave, Compassionate Leave, Paternity Leave
Allowances Outstation Allowance, Oversea Allowance
Medical Dental, Optical and Healthcare, Foreign Worker Hospitalisation & Surgical Insurance (“SKHPPA”)
Insurance Travel Insurance, Employee Group Hospitalisation and Surgical Insurance
Service Award Recognising employee contributions and career milestones at 5-year intervals
Others Greatech Education Assistance Programme, Private rooms for lactation and prayers, Fitness Center, 
Share Option Plan, Share Grant Plan 
Sustainability Report


---- Page 58 ----
57
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Compensation	and	Benefits	(Cont’d)
At Greatech, we also place significant emphasis on cultivating a positive work environment. We actively support employees 
through a range of team building events and sports activities. The Group has established several sports groups, some of which 
receive financial backing from Greatech.
Furthermore, the Group ensures compliance with local labour regulations, including minimum wage law and social security 
legislation. We make monthly contributions to employee’s Employee Provident Fund and social security accounts to support 
their financial security and long-term well-being.
Equal Pay for Equal Work 
Equal pay for equal work remains a significant issue in the Malaysian manufacturing sector, with wage disparities still prevalent, 
particularly based on gender and ethnicity, despite various regulations and initiatives aimed at promoting fair compensation.
At Greatech, we are committed to the principles of equal pay, strictly adhering to Malaysian laws. To support this, we conduct 
annual salary surveys to identify, address and prevent and wage disparities, ensuring that gender, racial or other forms of 
discrimination are eliminated. We foster a fair working environment where compensation is based on job responsibilities, 
qualifications and performance, free from bias. In compliance with the Employment Act 1955, we ensure all employees receive 
fair and equitable compensation aligned with their roles, regardless of their background. Our dedication to equal pay is both a 
legal obligation and a core aspect of our corporate culture. During our annual review process, we adjust salaries as needed to 
ensure they remain competitive and equitable within the market.
Parental Leave 
In FY2024, all of our employees were eligible for parental leave, with 11 female employees and 67 male employees took 
paid maternity and paternity leave respectively. A total of 100% of both female and male employees returned to work after 
completing of their leave.
Number	of	employees	who:
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Male Female Male Female Male Female
are entitled to parental leave 516 94 398 65 319 45
took parental leave 67 11 59 12 37 3
are still taking parental leave as at 31 December 2 2 0 3 0 0
are due to return to work after taking parental leave 
as at 31 December 65 9 59 9 37 3
resigned after parental leave ended 0 0 0 0 4 1
returned to work in the reporting period after parental leave ended 65 9 59 9 33 2
returned to work after parental leave ended who were still employed 
12 months after their return to work
54 11 31 2 19 2
Return to work rate (%) (1) 100% 100% 100% 100% 89% 67%
Retention Rate (%) (2) 92% 92% 94% 100% 79% 100%
Notes:
(1) Return to work rate = Total number of employees that returned to work after parental leave ended divide by total number of 
employees due to return to work after taking parental leave.
(2) Retention rate = Total number of employees retained 12 months after returning to work following a period of parental leave 
divide by total number of employees returning from parental leave in the prior reporting period.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 59 ----
58
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Employee Appraisals
At Greatech, we conduct an annual performance and career development review for all employees. This process serves dual 
purposes, evaluating performance and aligning training with our business objectives, underscoring our unwavering commitment 
to employee development and its integral role in our Group’s overall success. In FY2024, we achieved 100% completion rate for 
performance review for our eligible employees.
Employee Turnover and Retention
In FY2024, a total of 229 employees resigned, resulting in an overall turnover rate (1) of 15%, an increase from 12% in FY2023. 
This rise is attributed to a tightening labour market, particularly affecting engineering roles. To enhance our competitive edge, 
we continuously monitor market-based wage trends and adjust compensation accordingly. Furthermore, we regularly assess 
and refine our HR policies and programmes, prioritising workplace culture, career advancement opportunities, mentoring 
and fostering an open, collaborative work environment. We actively solicit feedback through exit interviews with departing 
employees, and the insights gathered are thoroughly analysed by our HRA teams to identify areas for improvement and 
implement effective retention strategies.
Employee Turnover by Gender, Age Group, Nationality and Employee Category for FY2024  
Employee Turnover FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
By Gender Count % Count % Count
Male 187 82% 147 84%
227
Female 42 18% 29 16%
By Age Group Count % Count %
<30 170 74% 122 69%
30-50 56 25% 47 27%
>50 3 1% 7 4%
By Nationality Count % Count %
Local 228 100% 167 95%
Foreign 1 0% 9 5%
By Employee Category Count % Count %
Senior Management 0 0% 0 0%
Middle management 11 5% 7 4%
Executive 123 54% 102 58%
Non-Executive 95 41% 67 38%
Overall 229 100% 176 100%
Notes:
(1) Employee turnover rate is calculated based on total number of employees who left voluntarily or due to dismissal, retirement, 
or death in service, over the total number of employees at the end of reporting period. 
(2) Local as defined by Greatech, refers to Malaysians
(3) Senior Management as defined by Greatech, refers to C-Suite
Sustainability Report

---- Page 60 ----
59
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Employee Engagement
Employee engagement is a top priority for us and we are dedicated to fostering a positive and supportive work environment. 
We promote open communication, collaboration and feedback at all levels, ensuring that every team member’s voice is heard 
and valued. Through regular team-building activities, recognition programmes, annual satisfaction surveys and employee well-
being initiatives, we strive to strengthen the sense of belonging and improve the overall employee experience. Our annual 
anonymous Employee Satisfaction Survey is a key tool for assessing cultural progress and engagement. It provides employees 
with an opportunity to share feedback on the Company’s strengths and areas for improvement, driving the development of 
initiatives based on the findings. By building on previous survey questions, we can track our progress over time. We also hold 
meetings and forums across the organisation to address areas with lower scores and qualitative issues.
In FY2024, 1,392 out of 1,532 employees participated in the Employee Satisfaction Survey, resulting in a 91% response rate. The 
overall satisfaction rate was 79%, slightly down from 80% in FY2023. Survey results are shared with functional management and 
the Board to address areas of concern and guide improvements.
We remained focused on creating an engaging work environment that motivates and empowers employees. By emphasising 
inclusion, achievement, professional development and alignment with the Group’s vision, we aim to attract and retain top talent, 
ultimately driving business success.
Training and Development
Greatech views education and on-going development as a vital investment in the future, recognising it is a key strategy to address 
the skills mismatch within the industry. To support this, the Group invests in comprehensive training programmes, mentorship 
opportunities, leadership development programme, recognition and career development resources to help our team members 
grow both personally and professionally. Employees are encouraged to participate in regular development discussions, external 
trainings, workshops and conferences to further enhance their expertise and stay abreast of emerging trends. 
To measure the effectiveness of our human capital investment, we track training hours and associated costs, comparing progress 
against both internal and external benchmarks. Our target is to provide each employee with 36 hours of training annually, 
ensuring a comprehensive approach to their development. 
In FY2024, we offered a comprehensive range of training and development opportunities to both new and existing employees, 
aimed at enhancing their knowledge, skills and experience across technical, commercial, operational and business areas. A total 
of RM0.46 million was invested in training, marking an increase from RM0.01 million in FY2023. The Group provided a significant 
75,928 hours of training through 846 (2023: 460) sessions across 246 (2023: 176) courses. This investment reflects our continued 
commitment to employee development. In FY2024, on average, each employee received 50 hours of training, reflecting our 
dedication to fostering a skilled and knowledgeable workforce at all levels. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 61 ----
60
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Training and Development (Cont’d)
The table below showcases the breakdown of Greatech’s total and average training hours:
Number of total and average training hours/days participated by 
employees FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Total training hours 75,928 68,331 71,590
Total	training	hours	by	employee	category:	-
Senior Management 113 94 220
Middle Management 3,628 1,993 3,832
Executive 53,059 58,104 60,813
Non-Executive 19,128 8,140 6,725
Average training hours per employee: 50 47 57
Average	training	hours	by	gender:	-
Male 66,564 57,571 62,332
Female 9,364 10,760 9,258
Average	training	hours	by	employee	category:	-
Senior Management 38 31 73
Middle Management 54 36 83
Executive 59 74 87
Non-Executive 34 13 13
Human Rights
Greatech is dedicated to upholding human rights, adhering to both international principles such as the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights and relevant local laws. In addition, we align our practices with the International Labour Organisation’s (“ILO”) 
conventions on human rights, as outlined in our Code. Apart from ILO, we have committed to ensure conformance by Greatech 
and our counterparties to UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the OECD Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises. This includes a firm stance against all forms of child labour, forced labour, discrimination and any other violations of 
human rights and personal freedoms. 
With respect to children’s rights, our policy and practices are based on Children’s Rights and Business Principles, which cover 
areas such as policy commitments, due diligence especially in appointing and retaining existing suppliers, and remediation 
measures in the event of non-compliances. 
The Group’s Board holds the overarching responsibility for ensuring that human rights are respected throughout the organisation. 
The Board is well aware of import bans by mature markets such as the United States and the European Union on products 
manufactured by companies in Malaysia, as a result of non-compliance to human rights standards within their value chain. 
The Group Chief Executive has overall responsibility for ensuring that human rights considerations are integral to the way in which 
existing operations are developed and managed. While the Board provides strategic guidance, the day-to-day management 
of human rights matters is delegated to the HRA department. The HRA department is specifically tasked with overseeing all 
issues related to human rights, including concerns related to forced labour, child labour and other human rights violations. They 
are responsible for implementing policies and procedures to safeguard the rights and well-being of employees and ensuring 
compliance with regulations mandated by the Department of Labour and other relevant authorities.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 62 ----
61
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Human Rights (Cont’d)
The Group remains committed to our human rights strategy, aiming to embed respect for human rights and promote decent 
working conditions and practices throughout our operations. 
To ensure alignment with globally recognised human rights standards and customer expectations, an internal human rights risk 
and impact assessment was conducted periodically by our internal compliance team, led by the Corporate Affairs Manager. 
This assessment evaluated our processes and identified any gaps for improvement. Our Code and Supplier Code of Conduct 
(“Supplier Code”) communicate our core business principles and ethical standards, providing a clear guidance to our employees, 
business partners, investors and other stakeholders.
We require all our counterparties to comply with our human rights policy. Any instances of substantiated non-compliances to our 
human rights policy by our business partners are viewed seriously. Depending on the nature of the violation, action may include 
immediate enforcement of remediation measures or in some instances, immediate termination of business relationship. Our 
Board is kept abreast on any violation of human rights across our value chain, and updates are provided on remediation actions 
undertaken. We adhere to the definition of remedy and remediation as prescribed by the UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights. 
An overview of key human rights policy which we ensure is complied with, not just within our labour forces, but amongst our 
contractors, key suppliers and even customers. Our stance is unequivocal, we refrain from doing business with anyone that does 
not respect our commitment to human rights and globally recognised human rights standards. 
Our Policy Description 
Equal Pay for Equal Work • We foster a fair working environment where compensation is based on job responsibilities, 
qualifications and performance, free from bias – across our value chain. 
• Our dedication to equal pay is both a legal obligation and a core aspect of our corporate 
culture. 
No recruitment fees • Recruitment fees for workers have been a contentious issue in recent years due to the ambiguities 
surrounding whether it should be borne by the employer, employee or recruitment agencies. 
• Our stance is in line with Malaysia’s stance of “No Recruitment Fee”. Malaysia as a member state 
of the ILO has adopted a “no recruitment fee” concept from its Fair Recruitment Initiative in 
2014 whereby it has been implemented verbally to disclose the responsibilities of the employers 
in bearing the cost of recruitment. 
• Our “No Recruitment Fee” stance is crucial in avoiding actual or any perception of forced labour 
due to debt bondage within our supply chain. 
Conducive working and 
living conditions 
• We ensure that our work sites and our supply chain comply with the highest possible health and 
safety standards. 
• As part of our commitment to ensure conducive workplace – we ensure that we comply with the 
law with respect to working hours and rest time. 
• Our commitment to a conducive workplace within our business and across our value chain also 
means we continuously assessing the possibilities and feasibility of adopting or encouraging 
better processes and integrating new technologies in delivering our business. This helps us 
reduce exposure to social risk such as human rights violation. 
• With respect to living conditions, we expect that all workers within our value chain are provided 
with comfortable housing, which is at minimum based on Malaysia’s Employees’ Minimum 
Standards of Housing, Accommodations and Amenities Act 1990.
• We understand that conducive workplace and living conditions are an important ingredient 
in complying with our stringent health and safety policies. Instances such as human fatigue 
leading to accidents/mishaps and spread of communicable disease can be mitigated and 
avoided through conducive workplace and living space arrangements. Therefore, the imperative 
behind our commitment extends beyond good corporate stewardship and demonstrates our 
acknowledgement that this is inextricably link to business continuity and profit sustainability. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 63 ----
62
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Human Rights (Cont’d)
Our Policy Description 
Passport policy • With respect to all workers across our value chain, we do not allow anyone to withhold the 
passport of foreign workers employed at our premises, in line with local laws. 
Prohibition of Excessive 
Overtime 
• We ensure that workers employed at our premises work within the prescribed working hours and 
overtime under local laws. 
Living wages • We comply with the minimum wage requirement and encourage our contractors and suppliers 
to pay employees above the required minimum wages. 
• Our wages for labourers at our supply chain are competitive – especially in view of the skilled 
labourer shortage as locals shun 3D jobs – dirty, dangerous and difficult and the shortage of 
foreign labourers due to changes in government policies. 
No bullying, harassment, 
intimidation/threats and 
violence 
• We do not tolerate any harassment or violence on workers within our business and supply chain. 
• For the year, we did not have any instances of threats and violence on workers which have come 
to our attention. 
Universal Medical Access • We committed to ensuring that all workers across our supply chain have access to the required 
medical care should there be untoward incidents, as result of their employment. 
• Apart from ensuring competitive salaries, we also encourage our suppliers to provide medical 
insurance to ensure access to adequate healthcare. 
• However, this is an area that is still under development and remains in its nascent stage with 
respect to our due diligence and compliance monitoring across our supply chain. Currently, we 
rely on the development of local laws in the countries where our suppliers operate to guide our 
efforts. 
Mental health • We view mental health as an integral part of our workers’ wellbeing – not just within our business 
but across our supply chain. It is also deeply linked to other aspects of wellbeing, such as a 
conducive workplace and living space. 
• The legal landscape in some of the countries within our value chain is not as matured as some 
developed countries. For instance, Malaysia has yet to recognise psychiatric harm caused by 
occupational stress as an actionable claim. The existing statutory framework, including the 
Occupational Safety and Health Act 1994 (“OSHA”) and the Employment Act 1955, primarily 
focuses on physical safety, leaving mental health concerns inadequately addressed.
• This is an area that is still under development – with respect to the appropriate policy, guidance 
and compliance monitoring. We will continue to keep abreast of the development in this area, to 
ensure we adhere to the required standards. 
As part of our ongoing monitoring and evaluation process, the internal compliance team has incorporated human rights 
consideration into the due diligence checklist for new operations or projects, ensuring the identification and mitigation of 
any potential labour and human rights related risks. This demonstrates our commitment to integrating stringent human rights 
standard as part of our ethical sourcing strategy. 
Subsequently and as part of our comprehensive onboarding process, all employees are mandated to undergo training that 
emphasises their collective responsibility to prevent complicity in human rights abuses. Participation in labour standards-related 
training is obligatory for Chief Executives, Directors, all managers and other relevant employees across the Group. In FY2024, 
we conducted human rights principles training for all managerial staff to enhance awareness of key issues and ensure they fully 
understand their responsibilities in upholding human rights within their operations. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 64 ----
63
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Human Rights (Cont’d) 
In 2024, all the Chief Executives, managers and HRA staffs had, successfully completed the human rights training. The following 
table shows the percentage of their participation in the training:
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
% of Participation in Human Rights Training 100% 100% 100%
The human rights training is obliged for Chief Executives and all managers including HRA staffs.
We ensure a safe working environment by providing reasonable rest breaks, access to clean drinking water and designated rest 
areas. Our commitment to human rights includes upholding the principle of Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining. 
Child and forced labour are unequivocally forbidden; the Group has set 18 as the minimum age of employment, with suppliers 
acknowledging these expectations before engagement.
Compliance with the law and ethical principles within our business and across our supply chain is also monitored in internal 
control and audits. As of 31 December 2024, there were no reported or investigated human rights incidents such as lawsuits, 
allegations or compensation paid pertaining to any human rights violation such as child labour or forced labour.
Number of substantiated complaints human rights violation* received in FY2022, 2023 and 
2024:
None Reported  
* This is not limited to our work sites but includes our suppliers as well. 
In order to ensure that any violation of the Company’s human rights policy or globally recognised human rights standard, to 
which we are aligned, we have in place an independent, secure and trusted whistleblowing channel which allows for anonymous 
reporting. Whilst we do not prohibit anonymous tipping, we do encourage contact details to be provided to facilitate follow up 
and to ensure protection against any detrimental action. 
In order to promote trust and confidence and to encourage aggrieved parties or third parties to come forward, we have a strict 
no retaliation policy, which offers protection against any detrimental action. This policy is designed to encourage whistleblowers 
to report violations. Notwithstanding, we investigate all tipping to any violation of human rights based on globally recognised 
human rights standards, irrespective of whether it is anonymous or otherwise. 
We are also aware of the importance of ensuring confidentiality in order to protect the whistleblower against detrimental action 
and in ensuring the integrity of the investigation. We understand the importance of a robust whistleblowing mechanism in 
preventing corruption involving our people, agents and contractors. 
Despite our commitment to globally recognised human rights standards across our supply chain, and our impeccable track record 
in upholding human rights across our supply chain, we believe that there is always room for introspection and improvement, as 
progress is a continuous journey. 
Moving forward, we hope to enhance our awareness and monitoring mechanism. This includes in-person engagements with 
employees and key suppliers on human rights and exploring partnerships in improving human rights awareness and compliance 
– not just within our business but across our supply chain and the local communities we interact with. This includes contractors 
at the site and suppliers of key raw materials throughout our supply chain. We also aim to enhance communication of our 
whistleblowing channel to enable early detection and deterrence of any human rights violations across our value chain. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 65 ----
64
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Health, Safety and Wellbeing
At Greatech, safety, health and wellbeing are our top priorities, reflecting the Board’s and Management’s commitment to the 
welfare of our employees, third-party workers, local communities and other stakeholders. 
Over the past year, we have focused on promoting mental health and wellbeing through initiatives such as World Health Day 
events and a six-month in-house counselling programme with Open University Malaysia.
Our goal is to establish a safe and secure workplace that supports high productivity, ensures safety and allows employees to 
return home safely. We are dedicated to improving occupational safety through proactive measures, adhering to ISO 45001 
health and safety standard across all our Penang factories. Our Environmental, Health and Safety (“EHS”) Committee, which 
meets quarterly, monitors and evaluates safety performance and initiatives.
In line with the ARMC charter, the ARMC oversees compliance, risk assessment and risk management, including EHS risks. The 
EHS Committee, with equal employees and employers’ representation, addresses all Occupational Safety and Health (“OSH”) 
matters, conducts risk assessments and reviews workplace incidents. We also have local health and safety sub-committees at all 
our local facilities with 40 or more employees, conducting quarterly Gemba Walk safety audits to ensure regulatory compliance. 
Findings from these audits are communicated for root-cause analysis and mitigation. 
Accidents or near-miss incidents are immediately escalated to the relevant departments for investigation and corrective action. 
All incidents are documented within 24 hours, and action plans are monitored and reported monthly to the Executive Board and 
share with employees via the EHS Bulletin quarterly. 
To maintain continuous awareness of risk factors and control actions, we conduct regular safety meetings and training sessions 
through both classroom-based learning and e-learning. During FY2024, over 1,500 employees participated in health and safety 
training, including renewals and onboarding for new hires. These EHS training sessions are tailored to address the specific 
hazards relevant to each employee’s role, ensuring a targeted approach to safety. The training programmes include:
•	 Hazard Prevention and Control Awareness
•	 Equipment Handling Safety
•	 Chemical Safety Training
•	 Basic Occupational First Aid
•	 Chemical Management
•	 Personal Protection Equipment (“PPE”) Training
•	 Emergency Response Team (“ERT”) Practical Training
•	 Noise Awareness Training
•	 Fire Safety Training and Drills
•	 Lift Truck/Forklift Safety Training
•	 Lockout-Tagout (“LOTO”) Training
•	 Incident Management
•	 Automated External Defibrillator (“AED”) Training
•	 Environmental Impact Assessment (“EIA”) Training
•	 Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment, and Risk Control (“HIRARC”)
Sustainability Report

---- Page 66 ----
65
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Health, Safety and Wellbeing (Cont’d)
The following is total number of employees as at the end of financial year participated in our health and safety trainings: 
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Number of employees who are trained in health and safety standards (1) 1,532 (100%) 1,445 (100%) 1,247 (100%)
Note:
(1) The areas of training include Health and Safety Training, Legal & Compliance Training, Competency Training, Environmental 
Training, and Management System Training (ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, and ISO 45001:2018).
HIRARC
At Greatech, we apply HIRARC standards across all our facilities, covering all activities and individuals. This approach ensures 
that risks associated with identified hazards are consistently evaluated and addressed. Our risks assessments consider both the 
likelihood of potential risks occurring and the severity of the consequences, using the Group’s EHS Risk Matrix. 
Likewise, unsafe situations that pose a potential hazard should be reported to an employee’s superior, even if they do not 
directly impact an individual’s immediate work. We have established processes that allow employees to report hazards and 
concerns to the EHS Committee without fear of retaliation. In addition to employee feedback, potential dangers are identified 
using task and workplace-related risk assessments. These assessments are reviewed by the EHS team to determine whether 
improvement action plans need to be implemented.
In FY2024, the EHS team collaborated with area owners to conduct HIRARC risk assessments and EIA, ensuring that control 
measures were effective and aligned with the requirements of ISO 14001 and ISO 45001.  
Fatalities 
In FY2024, there were no fatalities being recorded due to work-related injuries as reported by our contractors, suppliers and 
customers who work at our workplace. There were also zero road fatalities with our own fleet and zero cases of work-related 
illness. Moving forward, we will continue with our target of zero work-related injuries or illness and zero fatalities.
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
No. of Work-Related Fatalities 0 0 0
Sustainability Report

---- Page 67 ----
66
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
PEOPLE (CONT’D)
Loss Time Incident Rates
Lost Time Injury Rate (“LTIR”) (1)
Measurement
Interval FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Employees Quarterly 1.5 2.2 1.3
Contract Workers (2) Quarterly 0 0 0
Severity Rate Severity Rate (1)(1)
Employees Quarterly 3.8 44.3 3.8
Contract Workers(2) Quarterly 0 0 0
Notes:
(1) LTIR is based on the number of loss time injury cases whilst Severity Rate accounts for time loss for injury. For the purpose of 
this calculation, injury is defined as registered accidents that led to sick leave of more than one (1) day. Both indicators are 
standardised using the following: 1,000,000/total number of hours worked and is computed based on OSHA guidelines.
(2) Contract Workers are employees of third-party companies hired for specific tasks such as cleaning and repairing. 
In FY2024, we achieved a LTIR of 1.5 which significantly outperforming the manufacturing sector benchmark of 3.98, as identified 
by the Department of Occupational Safety and Health in their 2023 report, indicating our effective safety measures. There were 
5 workplace lost-time injuries reported, a notable decrease from 7 cases in FY2023. This year, the nature of injuries shifted 
from machinery-related incidents, predominantly involving cuts to the fingers and hands to manual handling-related injuries. 
This change emphasises the need to implement robust preventive measures such as ergonomics assessments and the use of 
mechanical aids to mitigate the risk of such injuries.
In terms of major occupational accidents, there was a decrease in severity in FY2024, with only 1 case involving four or more lost 
working days, down from 4 such cases in FY2023. It is important to note that these statistics do not include accidents that occur 
during commuting to or from work. Several improvement programmes were introduced in FY2024 to promote a safer work 
environment and reduce the injury rate. These included regular safety meetings, ongoing safety inspections across production 
facilities, and continuous risk analysis to identify and address potential hazards. Additionally, training sessions and task-specific 
certifications were provided to enhance employee awareness and competence in handling safety risks. 
Each reported incident is thoroughly investigated to identify the root cause, with corrective actions implemented to eliminate 
or mitigate underlying factors. In FY2024, the investigation into work-related ill-health incidents involved close collaboration 
with the EHS team and department managers. This process included in-depth workplace inspections focusing on the working 
environment, available tools and materials and prescribed work processes. Based on the finding, appropriate remediation and 
countermeasures were agreed upon and implemented to address identified risks. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 68 ----
67
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
COMMUNITY
At Greatech, we seek to extend our values and make a positive impact on the communities where we operate through various 
social engagements and sustainability initiatives. Our approach to social sustainability is centred on building strong community 
partnerships that address the specific needs of disadvantaged and vulnerable groups.
We focus on supporting the financially underprivileged and investing in the vulnerable groups such as children, with particular 
emphasis on education, culture and sports. Our aim is to ensure that no children in our local community are left out from getting 
access to quality education and care.  
While the Group currently does not have a formalised target for community engagement, we are dedicated to increasing 
our investment in the local communities. By fostering these connections, we aim to drive long-term, sustainable impact and 
contribute to the overall well-being of the areas in which we operate.
Greatech’s charitable giving is centred around four key areas of focus:
•	 Children’s right and education: Supporting initiatives that foster learning and innovation of the children in our local 
community, helping to create opportunities for future generations.
•	 Environment and Biodiversity: Supporting initiatives with positive impact to biodiversity and ecology i.e conservation 
efforts to protect endangered species and tree planting exercise. 
•	 Fitness and health: Promoting physical well-being and access to healthcare, with a focus on improving the quality of life 
and encouraging healthy lifestyles
•	 Social initiatives and welfare: Addressing social issues and providing assistance to underserved communities, ensuring that 
those in need receive the support necessary to improve their lives.
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Total amount invested in external community 
(RM’ million) 3.02 1.97 1.99
Total	number	of	individuals	benefited 34,468 47,554 -
The data for number of beneficiaries is based on our best estimate given the difficulty in tracking exact number of beneficiaries 
for some of our initiatives. We have included our estimate for FY2023 and FY2024 only.
In 2024, the Group together with our Board and employees have contributed approximately RM3.02 million (2023: RM1.97 
million) in cash and in-kind donations to more than 40 charities, non-profit organisations, and educational institutions across the 
region. 
These contributions supported a total of approximately 34,468 beneficiaries. Some of the initiatives were as follows:
Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (“STEM”) Education
To ensure future success and continued innovation, it is crucial that younger generations are encouraged to pursue careers 
in engineering and other STEM fields. To encourage this, we focus on making STEM education accessible and engaging for 
all children, regardless of background. We organise hands-on activities like robotics workshops, science fairs and engineering 
challenges that make learning interactive and fun.
We also foster creativity through projects like coding games, designing experiments and building models, encouraging 
innovative thinking. By connecting students with STEM professionals who share their journeys and experiences, we inspire them 
with diverse paths to success.
Additionally, we ensure STEM programmes are accessible through scholarships, outreach initiatives and community partnerships, 
breaking down financial barriers and providing equal opportunities for all students explore STEM fields.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 69 ----
68
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
COMMUNITY (CONT’D)
Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (“STEM”) Education (Cont’d)
Greatech Scholarship programme, launched in 2021, aims to support economically disadvantaged young students in Malaysia 
by providing them with opportunities to build a strong foundation in entrepreneurship and employment through a STEM-
focused curriculum. The primary objective of the programme is to empower these students and equip them with the skills 
and knowledge necessary to succeed in the workforce of tomorrow. By the end of 2024, a total of 8 (2023: 7) deserving STEM 
students have benefited from this initiative.
Educational Support Donations
•	 SJK (C) Chiao Nan – RM0.45 million to fund the construction of a building with eight classrooms, expanding the school’s 
capacity to provide quality education to more students.
•	 SMJK Perempuan Cina Pulau Pinang – RM0.20 million to sponsor 12 smart education boards for classrooms, enhancing 
the learning experience with modern technology.
•	 SJK (C) Aik Hua – RM0.20 million to support the construction of a digital library, improving access to digital learning 
resources for students.
•	 SJK (C) Damansara – RM0.05 million to fund the construction of a school hall, enhancing the school’s facilities for events 
and student activities.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 70 ----
69
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
COMMUNITY (CONT’D)
Empowering Underserved Communities
In recognition of the growing financial challenges faced 
by our local communities due to the rising cost of living, 
we have allocated an approximately RM0.98 million to 
our community fund, specifically dedicated to improving 
community health and supporting vulnerable populations. 
This financial resilience funding enables us to provide 
essential assistance and resources to those in need to 
alleviate some of the burdens faced by our communities.
Mega Mania Fiesta
Greatech proudly hosted its inaugural Mega Mania Fiesta, 
attracting approximately 2,000 attendees, including 
employees and their families. This vibrant event saw over 
800 Greatech employees actively participating in fundraising 
efforts to support ten impactful organisations, spanning 
sectors such as healthcare, education and animal welfare.
Embodying the theme “GREAT in Unity, CARE for Society,” 
our mission is to foster collaboration among Greatech 
employees in our Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) 
initiatives, ultimately making a positive impact within our 
communities. The Mega Mania Fiesta served as a platform 
to enhance community resilience, showcasing various 
activities and programmes designed to uplift and support 
those in need.
Below are highlights of our focus on building community 
resilience throughout 2024:
• Pure Lotus Hospice of Compassion – RM0.50 million 
contributed to support the construction of a new 
three-floor facility with 28 additional beds, enabling 
the hospice to provide enhanced care for cancer 
patients in need.
• Penang Institute – RM0.20 million in support of 
the Georgetown Literary Festival. This funding will 
help nurture a culture of knowledge, creativity and 
intellectual exchange, fostering a deeper appreciation 
for the arts and literature.
• Silver Jubilee Home for the Aged – RM0.18 million 
donated to fund the installation of a solar energy 
system for the facility, promoting sustainability and 
reducing energy costs. Additionally, we contributed 
four used desktop computers to support the Home’s 
administrative operations. 
• Lam Wah Ee Hospital and Pertubuhan Hemodialysis 
Seberang Perai Selatan – RM0.15 and RM0.07 million 
respectively to support the purchase a Reverse 
Osmosis Water System. This ensures clean water for 
haemodialysis treatments, enhances patient care, and 
support daily operations, including hiring professional 
doctors and nurses.
• New Life Community Centre – RM0.10 million 
contributed to support the operational expenses 
for secondary refugee students and to fund the 
expansion project for their primary school, helping to 
provide education and opportunities for vulnerable 
communities.
• Pusat Jagaan Rumah Charis, Xin Shan Le Welfare 
Centre, Penang Shine Like Stars Association and 
Persatuan Kebajikan Hati Sepati Raja Uda Butterworth 
Penang – RM0.2 million in total was contributed to 
support the daily operation costs of these care centres, 
which provide essential services for the elderly, 
vulnerable youth, disabled children, and exceptional 
children with various disabilities. This support helps 
improve their overall wellbeing and stability.
• Mount Miriam Hospital – RM0.07 million was 
contributed for financial aids to cancer patients, 
ensuring they receive the necessary treatment.
• One Hope Charity & Welfare – RM0.07 million to 
support the centre’ financial assistance programmes. 
This includes funeral services, healthcare for the 
underprivileged and emergency medical aid for those 
in need.
• International Aid for the Protection & Welfare of 
Animals (“IAPWA”) – RM0.01 million was contributed 
to support IAPWA’s Trap, Neuter and Release 
programme on Penang Island to control the stray 
animal population and promoting humane practices. 
This programme has successfully neutered over 7,140 
stray dogs since March 2018, significantly reducing 
the number of free roaming dogs and improving 
community safety. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 71 ----
70
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
COMMUNITY (CONT’D)
Empowering Underserved Communities (Cont’d)
Supporting Vulnerable Populations
At Greatech, our commitment to preventing and ending homelessness extends beyond our operational boundaries, as we 
actively engage in community volunteer initiatives in Penang. This year, our team has made significant strides in supporting 
vulnerable populations through various impactful activities:
•	 Kechara Soup Kitchen: A dedicated team of 20 Greatech employees assembled and delivered dry food packs to 12 
families registered with local food banks. This effort provided essential nourishment to families facing food insecurity;
•	 Pusat Transit Gelandangan: 8 Greatech employees volunteered to distribute lunch packs to 100 homeless individuals, 
offering sustenance and care to the local homeless community; and
•	 Pertubuhan Kebajikan Simpang Ampat Pulau Pinang and Pusat Jagaan Permata Kasih: A group of 24 Greatech volunteers 
delivered six months’ worth of dry food supplies, benefiting 26 individuals with disabilities and 30 children in need.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 72 ----
71
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
COMMUNITY (CONT’D)
Empowering Underserved Communities (Cont’d)
Walk the Cause 2024
In 2024, we supported and funded various “Walk the Cause” charitable initiatives, which aligns with our mission to enhance the 
well-being of the communities we serve. Our contributions directly support the causes and organisations associated with these 
events, which may include healthcare initiatives, education programmes, environmental conservation or social welfare projects. 
By participating in and funding these initiatives, we hope to inspire others to join us in making a difference and creating a 
positive ripple effect throughout our community. 
We proudly sponsored two significant events:
•	 Penang Glo Walk 2024 , a vibrant night walk celebrating community spirit, health and creativity, featuring artistic light 
displays. This event promotes physical activity and strengthens community bonds.
•	 Darkness into Light Walk 2024, raising awareness for mental health and promoting a healthy lifestyle through a symbolic 
dawn walk. This event represents hope and support for those facing mental health challenges.
Penang Glo Walk 2024 Darkness into Light Walk 2024
Blood Donation Drive
Our recent blood donation drive, held on-site, was a great success, with many employees volunteering to donate blood in 
support of Penang General Hospital. A total of 108 bags of blood were collected, underscoring the generosity and strong 
community spirit that define our company.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 73 ----
72
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
COMMUNITY (CONT’D)
Empowering Underserved Communities (Cont’d) 
A Christmas of Hope
During the 2024 Christmas season, 9 dedicated members of 
Greatech’s Great Care Committee organised a heartwarming 
outing for 200 children from orphanage homes and refugee 
schools. The event, held at Tech Dome Penang and the TOP 
Aquarium, offered the children an exciting day filled with 
educational and fun activities. As they explored the wonders 
of science and marine life, the children had the opportunity 
to learn in a hands-on, interactive environment. The smiles 
on their faces reflected the joy and festive spirit of the 
season, making it a truly memorable occasion that spread 
cheer, curiosity and goodwill to all involved. 
Environmental Efforts
Environmental Month
During Environmental Month in April 2024, the Group organised the CLEAN & LEAN event – an engaging Garbage Picking 
Sports & Fitness Challenge. The event took place at the Esplanade, Penang and aimed to contribute to a cleaner environment 
while fostering team spirit and raising awareness about waste management. A total of 60 employees took part in the event, 
collectively collecting 28kg of waste which included 18.7kg of recyclable items, 7.0kg of non-recyclable items and 2.3kg of 
cigarette butts.
Waste Awareness
A booth was organised by EHS team at the Group’s Mega 
Mania Fiesta focused on waste segregation, e-waste 
collection and plastic awareness. This initiative emphasised 
the importance of properly sorting waste to reduce landfill 
waste, conserve resources and minimise pollution. It also 
raised awareness about the hazards associated with e-waste, 
such as lead and mercury and the need for responsible 
disposal. By educating the community on recycling practices, 
the Group empower individuals to make informed recycling 
choices.
Sustainability Report


---- Page 74 ----
73
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
ECONOMIC
Economic Performance 
Amidst the challenging business environment, Greatech’s economic performance remains a primary concern for our stakeholders. 
We strive to generate and deliver economic value to our key stakeholders – employees, customers, business partners, regulators 
and shareholders.
During the current financial year (FY2024), we achieved a revenue of RM752.37 million, signifying the overall economic value 
generated. Out of this, a direct economic value of RM495.93 million was distributed, thereby making a positive contribution to 
the economic wealth of stakeholders. The table below illustrates our performance over the last three years:
RM’ million FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Economic Value Generated 752.37 658.75 546.21
Economic	Value	Distributed,	which	consists	of: 495.93 422.92 342.15
• Procurement Spending  339.92 296.30 270.49
• Employee wages and benefits 133.74 115.85 69.78
• Payment to capital providers 0.64 0.60 0.49
• Tax payments 19.91 9.10 0.47
• Community contributions and donations 1.72 1.07 0.92
Economic Value Retained 256.44 235.83 204.06
Further discussion on Economic Performance can be found in the Management Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) section of 
this Annual Report.
Customer Care Management and Product Quality 
We understand that meeting our customers’ expectations and ensuring their satisfaction directly contributes to our economic 
performance. Therefore, we assess satisfaction through a survey focused on product consistency, quality and post-sales support 
with the aim of driving continuous improvement. Feedback from this survey helps us to monitor our operational performance 
in key areas such as delivery capacity, product quality, flexibility, competitive pricing, responsiveness and overall service 
performance. Based on the survey results, we will develop targeted development programmes for specific functions and 
implement measures that positively impact the customer experience.
Ensuring safety, quality, and reliability, we integrate stringent standards throughout our product lifecycle. Adhering to ISO 
9001:2015 and ISO 13485:2016, our manufacturing plants uphold these principles. In 2020, we earned accreditation for Medical 
Devices Quality Management, underscoring our unwavering commitment.
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Number of major incidents or breaches of safety and quality standards 
reported 0 0 0
Tax Governance 
The Group supports tax policies and incentives; and recognises the importance of tax in contributing to the country’s economic 
development and society prosperity. The Group is committed to responsible tax governance and: 
•	 complying with the applicable tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate;
•	 maintain respect and mutual trust relationships with the tax authorities; and
•	 optimise available tax incentives and reliefs under applicable laws and double tax treaties to minimise tax cost of conducting 
business.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 75 ----
74
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
ECONOMIC (CONT’D)
Anti-Corruption
We are fully aware of the significant bribery and corruption risks within the country, especially given the high Corruption 
Perception Index. Recent legal changes and law enforcement scrutiny have heightened anti-corruption efforts. 
Despite these challenges, we remain steadfast in managing these risks through a robust framework of policies and procedures, 
including our Code, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (“ABAC”) Policy, and Whistleblowing Policy.
We conduct an annual corruption risk assessment to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control, including the ABAC 
Policy, and to ensure compliance with the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission Act Section 17A (“MACCS17A”), to mitigate 
potential exposure to corruption risks. 
The table below summarises the percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks:
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
% of operations assessed for corruption related risks 100% 100% 100%
To ensure that all employees, particularly senior management and key decision-makers, are fully informed of our anti-corruption 
stance, we mandate formal training sessions for them. This training is integrated into the onboarding process and is regularly 
communicated across the organisation through various channels, including our newsletter. We also conduct pre and post training 
assessments to gauge knowledge improvements. The table below outlines the level of engagement by employee category in 
our formal anti-corruption training efforts. Our target is to conduct formal training on key aspects of corruption and bribery and 
(re)introduce relevant legislation, along with their associated penalties to our employees at least once in three (3) years. 
An overview of our training participation across all employee categories is as following. We are pleased to announce that we 
continue to meet our target in ensuring 100% participation of our employees on anti-corruption related trainings.
Percentage of employee who received anti-corruption training, by 
employee category FY2024 FY2023 FY2022 
Senior Management 100% 100% 100%
Middle Management 100% 100% 100%
Executive 100% 100% 100%
Non-Executive 100% 100% 100%
It is the Group’s goal to maintain zero tolerance to corruption and we are pleased to announce that there were no incidents of 
confirmed corruption between the FY2022 to 2024. All of our employees had complied with the Group’s ABAC Policy.
Number	of	confirmed	incidents	of	corruption	for	FY2022,	2023	and	2024 None Reported
Data Privacy and Protection
Greatech remains steadfast in upholding data protection standards, aligning with local laws and regulations. We recognise the 
critical importance of safeguarding the security and privacy of data for all our stakeholders. As such, we implement robust data 
management practices to ensure that the data stored across our systems, databases and networks is adequately protected.
To reinforce our commitment to data protection, we regularly train and educate employees who have access to sensitive 
information. This includes mandatory data privacy, protection and information security training sessions conducted during 
onboarding, followed by monthly campaigns via emails, newsletters and workshops. These initiatives serve as continuous 
reminders throughout the year. In FY2023, 100% of our employees completed training on data privacy and protection. This 
commitment continued in FY2024, with ongoing efforts to sustain high levels of awareness and compliance.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 76 ----
75
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
ECONOMIC (CONT’D)
Data Privacy and Protection (Cont’d) 
As part of our cybersecurity initiatives, we have also continued to conduct quarterly simulated phishing exercise in FY2024 
to enhance awareness of business email security. Employees who did not pass these exercises were provided with additional 
training, and repeated failures were addressed through performance reviews or other corrective measures. These exercises 
are designed to mitigate the risks associated with social engineering attacks and maintain a vigilant security culture within the 
organisation.
In FY2024, Greatech ensure full adherence to the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), aligning our data protection 
practices meet the stringent requirements set forth by this regulation. We are pleased to report that in FY2024, there were no 
substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data.
Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of 
customer data for FY2022, 2023 and 2024
None Reported
Supply Chain Management
Supporting Local Economy and Job Creation
As a customer-centric organisation, the Group maintains a broad network of local, regional and international suppliers and 
partners, actively exploring global procurement opportunities to meet the evolving needs of our customers. However, we 
prioritise local sourcing whenever possible to minimise our environmental footprint – as an effort to reducing environmental 
impacts of cross border transport logistics, support domestic employment, boosts local businesses, optimise material flow and 
deliver cost-savings in transportation. 
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
Total amount of spending on local suppliers 
(RM’ million) 188.92 162.21 147.28
Total amount of spending on all suppliers 
(RM’ million) 339.92 296.30 270.49
% of spending on local suppliers 55.6% 54.8% 54.5%
Responsible Sourcing 
At Greatech, we expect all suppliers to adhere to our Supplier Code, which outlines clear expectations for ethical conduct 
and compliance with relevant laws, including upholding human rights, promoting equal opportunities, respecting freedom of 
association, adhering to labour rights, avoiding conflict minerals, practicing sound environmental stewardship and maintain a 
zero-tolerance stance towards bribery and corruption.
We are committed to responsibly avoiding conflict minerals and ensuring compliance with the Restriction of Hazardous 
Substances (“RoHS”) Directive and Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (“REACH”) legislation. 
By adhering to these standards, we ensure that our products do not contain prohibited substances and meet all applicable 
threshold limits as required by law. All suppliers are required to acknowledge the Supplier Code, which sets forth standards for 
social, environmental and ethical conduct. We also expect suppliers to extend these principles throughout their own supply 
chains. Suppliers are assessed on their compliance with the RoHS and REACH Directives, with the most recent assessment 
conducted in 2023, which covered 55 suppliers.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 77 ----
76
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
ECONOMIC (CONT’D)
Supply Chain Management (Cont’d) 
Greatech’s suppliers are guided by a range of Group-wide policies and procedures, including the Purchasing Policy, Conflict 
Minerals Policy, ABAC Policy and the Quality Management System, all of which establish a global expectation of compliance. 
With approximately 1,000 suppliers worldwide, Greatech is committed to sourcing materials, goods and services in a responsible 
manner. We utilise various methods and tools to evaluate our suppliers, including self-assessments and audits that examine 
product quality, environmental impact and social factors. New suppliers are assessed on their compliance with the Supplier 
Code, which incorporates both social and environmental criteria.
Number	of	identified	or	reports	of	any	potential	violations	by	suppliers	on	the	Supplier	Code	
with	respect	to	social	and	environmental	standards	for	FY2022,	2023	and	2024: None Reported
Supply Chain Continuity Planning
Greatech’s manufacturing operations rely on a diverse array of raw materials and components, including aluminium, steel, 
metallic-base components, electrical and electronic components, plastics and OEM products, sourced from a global network 
of independent suppliers. While no single supplier holds a dominant position in our overall supply, there are instances where 
specific components with unique specifications are only available from a limited number of suppliers.
We closely monitor our supplier base to mitigate potential disruptions that may arise from factors such as transportation issues, 
natural disasters or severe weather events that could impact key suppliers. Our continuity planning strategy includes maintaining 
safety stock levels, exploring alternative materials and qualifying multiple supply sources to mitigate risks associated with 
supplier dependencies.
Through our formal assessment process, we identify critical suppliers and components based on factors such as business 
dependency, component criticality and spending contribution. In addition to evaluating critical suppliers, we have implemented 
sustainability self-assessments that cover both environmental and social criteria for selected local vendors. This helps us identify 
potential risks and encourage the adoption of sustainable practices within our supply chain. 
While we do not conduct separate assessments for individual component suppliers due to their established risk management 
systems and adherence to our standards, we rely on their robust processes and controls to ensure the quality and reliability 
of the components they supply. This approach allows us to focus our risk management efforts on suppliers with identified 
vulnerabilities or heightened risks, enabling us to efficiently allocate resources and maintain a resilient and reliable supply chain.
Climate Change 
Given the pressing nature of the climate change and its far-reaching effects – not only to the environment but to people, 
communities, and our business – we continue to monitor our climate related risks and opportunities in this regard. Consequently, 
we acknowledge the growing expectation and requirement with respect to climate related disclosure. 
Therefore, we have continued prior year practice in providing a more detailed discussion on climate related impact and strategy 
through a separate climate report which is appended to this Sustainability Report. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 78 ----
77
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Sustainability Report
CLIMATE REPORT
As a Company, our key climate risks such as extreme weather events, energy disruptions, and the urban heat island effect, impact 
business continuity. Therefore, it is important that our business decisions consider how climate-related risks and opportunities 
affect our operations.
In line with this, since the end of FY2023, we have adopted the recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (“TCFD”). Our approach to managing these climate risks is structured around the four key TCFD pillars which form 
the basis for IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards on climate related disclosures. We acknowledge the adoption of IFRS 
Sustainability Disclosure Standards through the National Sustainability Reporting Framework by the government of Malaysia. 
a) Governance 
The Board is responsible for overseeing the management of climate-related issues, supported by the ARMC, as well as the 
Executive Board and senior leadership team. Climate change considerations are integrated throughout the governance 
structure. 
The Board engages with external advisers and internal experts on environmental legislation, decarbonisation and 
climate risk. The CEO and management team direct the environmental strategy and manage climate-related risks and 
opportunities, with major climate initiatives such as solar panels installation or energy efficiency upgrades, approved by 
the CEO, CFO and when necessary, the Board. 
The ARMC focuses on climate-related risks and opportunities, providing group-wide strategic guidance to the 
Management-level SWG. The Remuneration Committee recommends performance targets to the SWG, which oversees 
the implementation of sustainability initiatives across the organisation.
Further discussion can be found in the “Sustainability Governance” section of our Sustainability Report.  
b) Strategy
We acknowledge that climate change poses a systemic risk that affects all businesses and regions across the globe. 
While potential risks exist, the nature of our business does not expose us to material climate-related risks that could 
significantly impact our financial or strategic objectives. 
Overall, our risks are categorised as physical risks and transitional risks. Physical risks refer to the direct impacts of climate 
change, which can be either acute or chronic. 
• Acute physical risks are short-term, event-driven risks caused by extreme weather events and climate-related 
disasters; whilst 
• Chronic risks involve long-term, gradual changes in climate patterns that can affect businesses over time.

---- Page 79 ----
78
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
CLIMATE REPORT (CONT’D)
b) Strategy (Cont’d)
Key climate risks, its potential financial impact and our adaption/mitigation strategy is summarised as follows: 
Acute Physical Risk
Physical Risk Potential Financial Impact Current Adaptation Strategy 
1) Security of People and 
Property:
Increased frequencies of 
extreme weather events 
(e.g. floods, heavy rain 
and heatwaves) presents a 
potential threat to the safety 
and security of our people and 
property. 
This includes: 
•	 Unsafe working conditions 
on sites, which could lead 
to fatalities or significant 
incidents; and
•	 Damage to property, 
including structural damage, 
disruptions to utilities (e.g. 
energy and water supply), 
and challenges to access 
and security.
Increased operational expenses 
resulting from: 
•	 Higher project costs resulting from 
potential operational downtime, 
as well as additional operating and 
capital expenditure due to damage 
to site infrastructure, equipment, 
or inventory at production sites 
caused by extreme weather events 
and work stoppages.
•	 Increased labour costs due to 
reduced manhours from unsafe 
working conditions and higher 
absenteeism of workers due to lack 
of access to site/health reasons 
during extreme weather events 
(e.g. floods and heatwaves).
•	 Higher repair costs stemming from 
damage to asset and infrastructure. 
•	 Penalty charges for delays in 
project completion.
•	 Rising insurance premiums due 
to hospitalisation claims and 
damage to asset and production 
sites caused by extreme weather-
related incidents.
•	 The Group has 9 manufacturing facilities 
across Penang, Ireland and North America. 
Some production activities can be shifted to 
other locations to ensure business continuity, 
if necessary. 
•	 Climate risk and opportunity assessment, 
along with robust governance processes, are 
in place.
•	 All of our sites are insured for asset and 
property damage.
•	 Business continuity, disaster recovery and 
emergency response plans are established to 
address significant events.
•	 A Business Continuity Plan has been 
established, outlining specific actions to 
be taken in the event of flooding or other 
climate-related disruptions. The plan includes 
provisions for alternative operational sites for 
operations, backup suppliers and a clear crisis 
communication strategy.
•	 Scheduled property inspections and 
maintenance schedules to ensure resilience 
against extreme weather impacts.
•	 Continuous monitoring of weather patterns 
by management personnel, to anticipate 
and mitigate risks and potential untoward 
incidents.
•	 Continuous engagement with local 
authorities in order to improve climate 
adaptation measures which are part of public 
infrastructure – if and when the need arises. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 80 ----
79
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
CLIMATE REPORT (CONT’D)
b) Strategy (Cont’d)
Key climate risks, its potential financial impact and our adaption/mitigation strategy is summarised as follows: (Cont’d)
Acute Physical Risk (Cont’d)
Physical Risk Potential Financial Impact Current Adaptation Strategy 
2) Supply Chain Disruption
Disruption to the supply 
chain caused by shortages 
or unavailability of essential 
raw materials, utilities (such 
as energy and water), or 
manpower at our sites.
Increased operational expenses 
resulting from: 
•	 Project schedule disruptions due 
to delays in material deliveries or 
labour shortages.
•	 Penalty charges due to delays in 
project completion.
•	 Implementation of resource efficiency 
initiatives aimed at minimising waste, 
optimising water usage, and enhancing 
energy conservation. The Group is committed 
to exploring and investing in sustainable 
technologies as we evolve, ensuring the 
adoption of long-term, economically viable 
solutions when appropriate.
•	 Investment in energy-efficient technologies 
and exploration of renewable energy sources. 
At the same time, the Group is continuously 
assessing opportunities to further reduce 
energy consumption and manage energy 
costs. Further details on this can be found 
in the Energy Management section of this 
Sustainability Report.
•	 Establish relationships with multiple suppliers 
and logistics partners, while maintaining 
transparent communication with clients. Refer 
to: Supply Chain Management section of our 
Sustainability Report.  
•	 Periodic review of buffer stocks and manpower 
practices, as needed.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 81 ----
80
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
CLIMATE REPORT (CONT’D)
b) Strategy (Cont’d)
Key climate risks, its potential financial impact and our adaption/mitigation strategy is summarised as follows: (Cont’d) 
Chronic Physical Risk 
Physical Risk Potential Financial Impact Current Adaptation Strategy 
1) Rising Average 
Temperatures
Rising average temperature 
due to global warming leading 
to heighten need to install and 
maintain efficient and effective 
air-conditioners/chillers at our 
production sites. 
•	 Increased operational expenses 
due to higher energy consumption 
for cooling systems.
•	 Higher maintenance costs for 
repairing or replacing chiller 
systems or upgrading existing 
systems to accommodate more 
extreme temperature fluctuations.
·•	 Ensure compliance with the continuous 
inspection and regular maintenance plan for 
chillers and the building ventilation system.
•	 Incorporation of sustainable building design 
with energy-efficient VAC systems, water 
reserve tanks and generators available in all 
our buildings to ensure operational continuity.
2) Rising Sea Level 
Increased risk of coastal flood 
due to rising sea level. 
Increased operational expenses due 
to: 
• Higher construction expenses for 
flood-resistant design elements, 
such as elevated foundations or 
reinforced structures.
• Increased repair and maintenance 
costs due to flood damage to the 
building’s structure and utilities.
• The Group’s new BK IV facility was constructed 
on a raised 3-meter platform, exceeding 
the authority’s requirement of 2.5 meters to 
mitigate flooding risk exposure. Similarly, the 
remainder of the BK facility building was also 
built on a raised platform of over 2.5 meters, 
further reducing the risk of flooding.
• Continuous monitoring by management of 
weather conditions to mitigate potential 
incidents. 
• Incorporation of flood detention ponds and 
improved drainage systems in the planning 
and design phases. 
• Continuous engagement with local 
government in improving adaptation measures 
which are part of public infrastructure or falls 
under the purview of local government. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 82 ----
81
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
CLIMATE REPORT (CONT’D)
b) Strategy (Cont’d)
Transitional risks and opportunities arise from the global shift toward a low-carbon economy as societies address the 
challenges of climate change. 
Transitional Risk and 
Opportunities  Potential Financial Impact Our Strategy 
1) Policy & Legal Risk – 
Carbon Taxes and Energy 
Efficiency	Act
This concerns the challenges 
associated with adjusting to 
evolving laws, regulations 
and policies related to 
sustainability and climate 
change compliance.
Increased operational expenses due 
to: 
• A carbon tax on essential materi-
als like iron and steel, as highlight-
ed in the government’s FY2024 
budget, although further details 
are yet to be revealed.
• Increased operational costs due 
to compliance with government 
regulations towards more energy 
efficient production facilities. 
• Continuously monitor regulatory updates 
and stay updated on evolving climate-related 
regulations.
• Engage in competitive sourcing to secure the 
best resources.
2) Technological 
Advancements 
Adoption of green 
technologies such as electric 
vehicle (“EV”) and solar panels 
– leading to higher revenue/
lower cost for the business. 
• Increase in revenue due to adop-
tion of green technologies such as 
EV and solar panels. 
• Reduced operating costs, Scope 2 
emissions, and exposure to carbon 
pricing through the installation of 
solar panels at our factory sites. 
The Group is also exploring the 
addition of further solar capacity 
at suitable sites. 
• Continued engagement with (potential) 
customers in delivering our technological 
solutions as result of solar panel and e-mobility 
adoption. 
Climate Scenario Analysis 
In 2024, Greatech piloted its first climate scenario analysis leveraging third-party data and literature. In this pilot exercise, 
we focused on the physical climate risks due to the nature of our business - physical production site and high reliance 
on availability of manpower at our physical sites. We believe that gaining more insights into the potential impacts of the 
climate change will allow us to better prepare and adapt our operations for future challenges. 
Our Approach for Scenario Analysis on Physical Risks
Our scenario analysis leveraged insights from authoritative sources such as Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
(“IPCC”), World Economic Forum’s Global Risk Report and the Penang Government’s Green Council.  
The first step in our approach is to select a suitable scenario. To this end, we considered several scenarios and appropriate 
timelines. We acknowledge the following: 
• Increase in global surface temperature of 1.1 Celsius above the 1850-1900 base level for the period 2011 to 2020. 
• The World Economic Forum Global Risk 2024 Report, which has discussed a 3 Celsius scenario in the next 10 years 
(i.e. 2034). 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 83 ----
82
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
CLIMATE REPORT (CONT’D)
b) Strategy (Cont’d) 
Climate Scenario Analysis (Cont’d)
In our assessment, our choice of time horizon is as following: short term (1-2 years, in line with our annual budget 
preparation cycle); medium term (2-8 years, in line with our capital expenditure/strategic planning) and long term (8-10 
years i.e. by 2034). We limit our long term time horizon to 10 years i.e. 2034 – since it provide us with greater visibility on 
the business impact based on available data and literature in order to assess our business resilience in the face of growing 
climate change risk. 10 year time horizon also ties in with our long term business planning strategy. 
Notwithstanding, this is our pilot exercise and we will continuously explore longer time horizons and more scenarios in 
future exercises. 
While we considered a 1.5 Celsius scenario in the short, medium and long term, we did not explore this in greater detail as 
opposed to business as usual scenarios where the average mean temperature (i.e. 2 Celsius and 3 Celsius worlds in 2035). 
This is in recognition of literature by IPCC scenarios, where the 1.5 Celsius threshold will be crossed in the early 2030s. 
Notwithstanding, it is always better to be prepared for the worst. 
Outcome of Scenario Analysis on Physical Risks
Our preliminary and pilot climate scenario analysis exercise shows heightened exposure to physical climate risks – impacting 
people, property and supply chains. We foresee an increased likelihood of business disruptions due to heightened global 
warming. 
Therefore, we have set out the following measures: 
• Increased monitoring and responsiveness to weather events and patterns, to ensure the safety and security of our 
people and premises;
• Identification of alternative production sites to our main/Penang production facilities; 
• Continuously assess our insurance to ensure adequate coverage against climate-related risks; 
• Review and enhancement of our business continuity management framework in order to improve resilience against 
climate-related disruptions; and 
• Commitment to enhance future engagement with local government in order to improve climate adaptation measures 
at the state and federal levels, which we rely on as a business. 
Key challenges
The following are key challenges we faced in developing a more robust scenario analysis and adaptation initiatives. This 
includes, but not limited to: 
• Challenges in defining climate tipping points (i.e. point of no return – the point of intervention has passed) and 
assessing their likelihood; 
• Absence of reliable and authoritative climate scenario analysis and adaptation plans by the government. As a 
business, we rely greatly on government policy and commitment in adapting to climate change; and 
• Existing climate models do not account for non-linear impacts on various systems and their interconnections. 
c) Risk management
Greatech has a well-established Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) framework, policies and procedures to identify, 
assess and monitor Group-wide risks. 
In 2024, we conduct a climate-related risk impact assessment aligned with Greatech’s existing ERM protocols, with 
oversight from members of the ERM team to evaluate the significance of climate change risks and opportunities. This 
assessment was performed on a periodic basis and carried out at the Group level using a top-down approach, which was 
deemed suitable given the uniform nature of Greatech’s business operations across the Group. 
A comprehensive list of potential climate-related risks, covering both transition and physical risks, was identified for 
evaluation. Each risk was analysed to assess its proximity, the likelihood of its occurrence and the severity of its impact, 
should it materialise. Relevant mitigating actions and controls were also taken into account in this analysis.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 84 ----
83
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
CLIMATE REPORT (CONT’D)
d) Metrics and Targets
Our Board and our Management monitor and manage the impact of climate-related risks through multiple metrics. 
We have in place targets – as a reference point in enforcing accountability and performance-based culture across our 
organisation. Given the nature and impact of climate risks, our target is both qualitative and quantitative. 
An overview of our climate risks performance management dashboard is as follows: 
Area Metrics Performance and Target 
Health and Safety 
• Extreme weather events and the 
increase in mean temperature 
represent a threat to the health and 
safety of our people 
Loss Time Injury 
Rate and Number of 
Fatalities 
Zero loss time injury and fatality, which can be 
attributed to climate-related factors. For the 
reporting year, we are pleased to announce that 
we achieved said target.
GHG Emissions and Net Zero 
•	 As a responsible corporate citizen 
in Malaysia – we are committed 
to supporting Malaysia’s Net Zero 
aspirations and global aspirations set 
out in the Paris Agreement. 
•	 However, in doing so, our stance is 
aligned to the Government of Malaysia 
– which emphasises a just and fair 
transition to a low carbon economy 
through an inclusive, equitable, and 
responsible action on climate change.  
This ensures that the country’s move 
towards sustainability is aligned with 
its economic interests and is equitable 
for all citizens. 
•	 This is aligned to our business 
approach where our Net Zero actions 
are undertaken with consideration 
of financial feasibility and financial 
performance of our company. 
•	 As a business, we are cognisant that 
we are the source of employment for 
many and the source of income for our 
lenders/investors. Our commitment 
towards Net Zero does not override 
our socio-economic responsibilities. 
Scope 1, Scope 2 
and Scope 3 GHG 
emissions 
Our target is to ensure that our Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG emission is minimised, through efforts on 
multiple fronts, such as: 
•	 Diversification of energy source to green 
energy such as solar panels and continued 
programme of optimising existing solar 
photovoltaic systems; and 
•	 Optimising energy consumption through 
our asset enhancement/energy efficiency 
programme and monitoring of our business 
activities and processes. 
We are pleased to announce that we continue 
to achieve our targets on these fronts. However, 
we acknowledge there is always room for 
improvement. 
With respect to Scope 3, we will continuously 
review and improve data collection. Consequently, 
we will explore possible solutions and incentives in 
reducing Scope 3 by engaging our stakeholders. 
For now, we encourage our employees to carpool 
or use public transport and consider adoption of 
hybrid and electric vehicles. 
Sustainability Report

---- Page 85 ----
84
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
CLIMATE REPORT (CONT’D)
d) Metrics and Targets (Cont’d)
An overview of our climate risks performance management dashboard is as follows: (Cont’d)
Area Metrics Performance and Target 
Revenue from our green technology. 
•	 We continue to support the global 
transition to a low carbon economy – 
especially manufacturers of solar panels 
and EVs. 
•	 Detailed discussion on this is available 
in our Management Discussion and 
Analysis (“MD&A”). 
•	 Revenue generated 
from our solar and 
e-mobility customers 
•	 Investment 
into production 
capability in meeting 
growing demand 
as result of our 
green technological 
solutions
Our target is to ensure we continue to support the 
green technology industry through our innovative 
solutions and services. 
This is demonstrated through the revenue, profit 
and our continued capital investment in meeting 
these needs. 
Our annual financial performance lends credence 
to our role and capability in supporting the global 
transition to a low-carbon economy. Please refer to 
our MD&A and our financial results in the financial 
statement section of this Annual Report.   
Operating costs, which are significant and 
directly attributable to climate-related 
risks. This includes, but is not limited to 
the following: 
•	 Insurance costs due to an increase in 
premium; 
•	 Medical claims from employees; 
•	 Increase in raw material and logistic 
costs due to an increase in energy 
cost or business disruption 
Climate-related 
business cost 
For the reporting year, nothing has come to our 
attention on any material and adverse financial 
impact on our operating costs and profitability, 
which can be directly attributable to climate-
related risks. 
We will continue to monitor our climate-related risks 
through our ERM Framework and engage relevant 
stakeholders (e.g. suppliers and employees) in 
avoiding or mitigating any adverse financial impact.
Sustainability Report

---- Page 86 ----
85
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Sustainability Report
Performance Data Table from Bursa Malaysia ESG Reporting Platform
Indicator Measurement Unit 2022 2023 2024
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy
consumption
Megawatt 12,250.83 12,843.87 17,644.19
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1
emissions in tonnes of CO2e
Metric tonnes 45.00 55.00 59.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2
emissions in tonnes of CO2e
Metric tonnes 8,384.00 9,861.00 13,594.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3
emissions in tonnes of CO2e
(at least for the categories of
business travel and
employee commuting)
Metric tonnes - 901.00 4,809.00
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of
water used
Megalitres 22.400000 34.600000 45.900000
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste
generated
Metric tonnes 211.00 324.00 553.00
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste
diverted from disposal
Metric tonnes 152.00 126.00 173.00
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste
directed to disposal
Metric tonnes 59.00 198.00 380.00
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of
employees by gender and
age group, for each
employee category
Age Group by Employee
Category
Senior Management
Under 30
Percentage No Data Provided 0.00 0.00
Senior Management
Between 30-50
Percentage No Data Provided 33.00 0.00
Senior Management
Above 50
Percentage No Data Provided 67.00 100.00
Middle Management
Under 30
Percentage No Data Provided 2.00 2.00
Middle Management
Between 30-50
Percentage No Data Provided 91.00 88.00
Middle Management
Above 50
Percentage No Data Provided 7.00 10.00
Executive Under 30 Percentage No Data Provided 74.00 72.00
Executive Between 30-
50
Percentage No Data Provided 25.00 27.00
Executive Above 50 Percentage No Data Provided 1.00 1.00
Non-executive Under 30 Percentage No Data Provided 72.00 67.00
Non-executive Between
30-50
Percentage No Data Provided 27.00 32.00
Non-executive Above 50 Percentage No Data Provided 1.00 1.00
Gender Group by
Employee Category
Senior Management
Male
Percentage 67.00 67.00 67.00
Senior Management
Female
Percentage 33.00 33.00 33.00
Middle Management
Male
Percentage 83.00 77.00 73.00
Middle Management
Female
Percentage 17.00 23.00 27.00
Executive Male Percentage 82.00 80.00 80.00
Executive Female Percentage 18.00 20.00 20.00
Non-executive Male Percentage 93.00 94.00 94.00
Non-executive Female Percentage 7.00 6.00 6.00
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of
directors by gender and age
group
Male Percentage 67.00 71.00 71.00
Female Percentage 33.00 29.00 29.00
Under 30 Percentage 0.00 0.00 0.00
Between 30-50 Percentage 0.00 0.00 0.00
Above 50 Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of
training by employee
category
Senior Management Hours 220 94 113
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated

---- Page 87 ----
86
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
Sustainability Report
Performance Data Table from Bursa Malaysia ESG Reporting Platform (Cont’d)
Indicator
Middle Management
Executive
Non-executive
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of
employees that are
contractors or temporary
Percentage
Bursa C6(c) Total number of
employee turnover by
employee category
Senior Management Number
Middle Management Number
Executive Number
Non-executive Number
Bursa C6(d) Number of
substantiated complaints
concerning human rights
violations
Number
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of
work-related fatalities
Number
Bursa C5(b) Lost time
incident rate ("LTIR")
Rate
Bursa C5(c) Number of
employees trained on health
and safety standards
Number
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount
invested in the community
where the target
beneficiaries are external to
MYR
Bursa C2(b) Total number of
beneficiaries of the
investment in communities
Number
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of
employees who have
received training on anti-
corruption by employee
category
Senior Management
Percentage
Middle Management Percentage
Executive Percentage
Non-executive Percentage
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of
corruption-related risks
Percentage
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed
incidents of corruption and
action taken
Number
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of
substantiated complaints
concerning breaches of
customer privacy and losses
of customer data
Number
Bursa (Supply chain management)
spending on local suppliers
Percentage
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2022 2023 2024
Middle Management Hours 3,832 1,993 3,628
Executive Hours 60,813 58,104 53,059
Non-executive Hours 6,725 8,140 19,128
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of
employees that are
contractors or temporary
staff
Percentage 0.20 0.10 0.10
Bursa C6(c) Total number of
employee turnover by
employee category
Senior Management Number - 0 0
Middle Management Number - 7 11
Executive Number - 102 123
Non-executive Number - 67 95
Bursa C6(d) Number of
substantiated complaints
concerning human rights
violations
Number 0 0 0
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of
work-related fatalities
Number 0 0 0
Bursa C5(b) Lost time
incident rate ("LTIR")
Rate 1.30 2.20 1.50
Bursa C5(c) Number of
employees trained on health
and safety standards
Number 1,247 1,445 1,532
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount
invested in the community
where the target
beneficiaries are external to
the listed issuer
MYR 1,990,000.00 1,970,000.00 3,020,000.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of
beneficiaries of the
investment in communities
Number - 47,554 34,468
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of
employees who have
received training on anti-
corruption by employee
category
Senior Management Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Middle Management Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Executive Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Non-executive Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of
operations assessed for
corruption-related risks
Percentage 100.00 100.00 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed
incidents of corruption and
action taken
Number 0 0 0
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of
substantiated complaints
concerning breaches of
customer privacy and losses
of customer data
Number 0 0 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of
spending on local suppliers
Percentage 54.50 54.80 55.60
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated

---- Page 88 ----
87
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Sustainability Report
APPENDIX 1 – GRI CONTENT INDEX
Statement of use Greatech Technology Berhad has reported the information cited in this GRI 
content index for the period of 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 (FYE 2024) in 
accordance with the GRI Standards. 
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021
Applicable GRI Sector Standard(s) None 
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION OMISSION
General Disclosures 
GRI	2:	General	
Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organizational details Pages 4 to 7 and 24 to 28 - 
2-2 Entities included in the 
organization’s sustainability 
reporting
Page 36 -
2-3 Reporting period, frequency 
and contact point
Page 36 -
2-4 Restatements of information Stated throughout, if any. -
2-5 External assurance Page 36 & Principle B: Effective 
Audit and Risk Management, 
Corporate Governnace Statement 
-
2-6 Activities, value chain and 
other business relationships
Pages 24 to 35 on the MD&A -
2-7 Employees Pages 51 to 55 -
2-8 Workers who are not 
employees
Page 55 Disclosure limited to percentage 
of contractor/temporary staff, 
whom are employed as vendors/
through our vendors. 
2-9 Governance structure and 
composition
Pages 41, 8 to 14, 16 to 19; 
Pages 101 to 104 – Corporate 
Governance Statement   
-
2-10 Nomination and selection of 
the highest governance body
Pages 104 to 111 – Corporate 
Governance Statement   
-
2-11 Chair of the highest 
governance body
Pages 8 to 15 -
2-12 Role of the highest 
governance body in overseeing 
the management of impacts
Pages 93 to 121 – Corporate 
Governance Statement   
-
2-13 Delegation of responsibility 
for managing impacts
Pages 41, 101 to 103 -
2-14 Role of the highest 
governance body in sustainability 
reporting
Page 41; Pages 101 to 103 – 
Corporate Governance Statement 
-
2-15 Conflicts of interest Pages 15, 20, 99; Pages 104, 114, 
124 to 125 Corporate Governance 
Statement
-

---- Page 89 ----
88
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
Sustainability Report
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION OMISSION
General Disclosures 
GRI	2:	General	
Disclosures 2021
2-16 Communication of critical 
concerns
Pages 60 to 62 and 74 Confidentiality constraints on 
disclosure on the total number 
and nature of critical concerns 
– due to confidentiality policy 
of the company’s grievance 
mechanisms which includes 
whistleblowing policy. 
2-17 Collective knowledge of the 
highest governance body
Page 41; Pages 103, and 109 
of the Corporate Governance 
Statement  
-
2-18 Evaluation of the 
performance of the highest 
governance body
Page 103 Corporate Governance 
Statement  
-
2-19 Remuneration policies Pages 110 – 113 of the 
Corporate Governance Statement  
-
2-20 Process to determine 
remuneration
Page 110 of the 
Corporate Governance Statement  
-
2-21 Annual Total Compensation 
Ratio
None Information incomplete. Will 
consider disclosure in the future.
2-22 Statement on sustainable 
development strategy
Page 22; Pages 101-103 on the 
Corporate Governance Statement 
-
2-23 Policy commitments Pages 60 and 74, 132-133 of the 
SORMIC Statement
-
2-24 Embedding policy 
commitments
Pages 60 and 74, 132-133 of the 
SORMIC Statement 
-
2-25 Processes to remediate 
negative impacts
Pages 60 and 74 -
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking 
advice and raising concerns
Pages 41, 60, and 74 -
2-27 Compliance with laws and 
regulations
Page 42 Not applicable since no 
significant instance of non-
compliance to law nor fine was 
imposed.
2-28 Membership associations Page 10 -
2-29 Approach to stakeholder 
engagement
Pages 37 to 39 -
2-30 Collective bargaining 
agreements
Page 63 Information is incomplete on 
% of employees covered under 
collective bargaining. 
Material Topics
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material 
topics
Pages 38 to 39 -
3-2 List of material topics Pages 39 to 40 -

---- Page 90 ----
89
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Sustainability Report
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION OMISSION
Energy Management and Emissions 
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Pages 42 to 45 -
GRI	302:	Energy	
2016
302-1 Energy consumption within 
the organization
Page 43 -
302-3 Energy intensity Page 43 -
302-4 Reduction of energy 
consumption
Pages 42 and 44 -
GRI	305:	
Emissions 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG 
emissions
Pages 45; Climate Report Section 
on page 83
-
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) 
GHG emissions
Pages 45; Climate Report Section 
on page 83
-
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Pages 45; Climate Report Section 
on page 83
-
Water 
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Pages 46 to 48 -
GRI	303:	Water	
and	Effluents	
2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a 
shared resource
Page 46 -
303-3 Water withdrawal Page 46 -
303-5 Water consumption Page 47 -
Waste Management 
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Pages 48 to 50 -
GRI	306:	Waste	
2020
306-3 Waste generated Page 48 -
306-4 Waste diverted from 
disposal
Page 48 -
306-5 Waste directed to disposal Page 48 -
Diversity 
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Pages 51 to 54, 60 -
GRI	401:
Employment 201
405-1 Diversity of governance 
bodies and employees
Pages 51 to 54 -
Human Capital Management 
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Pages 53 to 54, 56 to 60 -
GRI	401:	
Employment 201
401-1 New employee hires and 
employee turnover
Pages 54 to 55 and 58 -
401-2 Benefits provided to full-
time employees that are not 
provided to temporary or part-
time employees
Page 56 -
401-3 Parental leave Page 57 -

---- Page 91 ----
90
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
Sustainability Report
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION OMISSION
Human Capital Management 
GRI	404:	Training	
and Education 
2016
404-1 Average hours of training 
per year per employee
Page 60 -
404-2 Programs for upgrading 
employee skills and transition 
assistance programs
Pages 59 to 60 -
Health, Safety and Wellbeing
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Pages 5, 25, 64 to 66 -
GRI	403:	
Occupational 
Health and Safety 
2018
403-1 Occupational health and 
safety management system
Pages 64-65 -
403-2 Hazard identification, 
risk assessment, and incident 
investigation
Pages 64-65 -
403-3 Occupational health 
services
Pages 64-65 -
403-4 Worker participation, 
consultation, and communication 
on occupational health and safety
Pages 64-65 -
403-5 Worker training on 
occupational health and safety
Pages 64-65 -
403-6 Promotion of worker health Pages 5, 25, 56, 64 & 65 -
403-7 Prevention and mitigation 
of occupational health and 
safety impacts directly linked by 
business relationships
Pages 64-65 -
403-8 Workers covered by an 
occupational health and safety 
management system
Pages 5,  25, 64 to 65 -
403-9 Work-related injuries Pages 65 to 66 -
Community / Society  
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Pages 67 to 72 -
GRI	201:	
Economic
Performance 
2016
201-1 Direct economic value 
generated and distributed
Pages 67 to 72 Limited to Community 
Investment 
GRI	203:	Indirect	
Economic Impacts 
2016
203-1 Infrastructure investments 
and services supported
Pages 67 to 72 -
Economic Performance 
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
MD&A Section of this report and 
Page 73 
-

---- Page 92 ----
91
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Sustainability Report
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION OMISSION
Economic Performance 
GRI	201:	
Economic
Performance 
2016
201-1 Direct economic value 
generated and distributed
Page 73 -
GRI	207:	Tax	
2019
207-1 Approach to tax Pages 29, 73, Director’s Report 
and Director’s Statement; and 
Note 28 in the Audited FYE 2024 
Financial Statement 
-
Customer Care 
Management 
- Page 73 -
Product Quality 
and Safety
- Page 73 -
Research and 
Development 
- Pages 32 to 34 -
Anti-Corruption
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Page 74 -
GRI	205:	Anti-
corruption 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for 
risks related to corruption
Page 74 -
205-2 Communication and 
training about anti-corruption 
policies and procedures
Page 74 Disclosure limited to anti 
corruption training by employee 
category as per regulatory 
requirement 
205-3 Confirmed incidents of 
corruption and actions taken
Page 74 Disclosure limited to confirmed 
incidents of corruption, in line 
with regulatory requirement 
Data Privacy 
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Pages 74 to 75 -
GRI	418:	
Customer Privacy 
2016
418-1 Substantiated complaints 
concerning breaches of 
customer privacy and losses of 
customer data
Pages 75 -
Supply Chain Management 
GRI	3:	Material	
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material 
topics
Pages 60 to 63, 75 to 76 -
GRI	204:	
Procurement 
Practices 2016
204-1 Proportion of spending on 
local suppliers
Page 75 -
GRI	308:	Supplier	
Environmental 
Assessment 2016
308-1 New suppliers that were 
screened using environmental 
criteria
Page 75 -
GRI	414:	
Supplier Social 
Assessment 2016
414-1 New suppliers that were 
screened using social criteria
Pages 60, 62, 75 to 76 -

---- Page 93 ----
92
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
Sustainability Report
APPENDIX 2 – FTSE4GOOD BURSA MALAYSIA INDEX
FTSE4Good Theme Location Pages
Environmental 
Climate Change Environmental: Energy Management and Emissions 42 to 45; Climate Report 
Section on page 83
Pollution & Resources Environmental: Emissions; Water; Waste Management 44 to 50
Water Security Environmental: Water 46 to 48
Social
Human Rights & 
Community
People: Human Rights; Community / Society;
Governance: Supply Chain Management
60 to 63, 67 to 76
Health & Safety People: Workplace Health and Safety 64 to 66
Labour Standards People: Diversity; Labour Practices and Standards; Employee 
Welfare; Human Rights; Community / Society
51 to 72
Governance
Anti-Corruption & 
Corporate Governance 
Governance: Anti-Corruption and Ethical Business Engagement 74; Corporate Governance 
Statement 

---- Page 94 ----
93
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
The Board of Directors (“Board”) of Greatech Technology Berhad (“Greatech” or “Company”) recognises the importance of 
adhering to high standards of corporate governance to establish a sustainable business and creating long-term value for the 
shareholders and stakeholders and to enhance the performance of the Company and its subsidiaries (“Group”). The Board is 
committed to maintaining integrity and transparency in its governance, ensuring that these principles are consistently applied 
across the Group.
The Board is pleased to present our Corporate Governance Overview Statement (“Statement”) to provide shareholders and 
investors with a comprehensive overview of the corporate governance practices adopted by the Greatech Group for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2024 (“FY2024”). Our governance practices are designed to fulfil the objectives set forth in 
the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (“MCCG”) and anchored in three key principles:
a) Principle A: Board Leadership and Effectiveness;
b) Principle B: Effective Audit and Risk Management; and
c) Principle C: Integrity in Corporate Reporting and Meaningful Relationship with Stakeholders.
Application of Recommended Corporate Governance Practices
Total Applied Departure Not Applicable Not Adopted
Recommended practices 43 38 4 1 0
Step-up practices 5 3 0 0 2
The departures are outlined below:
• Practice 5.9 – The Board comprises at least 30% women directors.
• Practice 6.1 – For large companies, the Board engages independent experts at least every three years to facilitate objective 
and candid board evaluation.
• Practice 8.2 – The Board discloses on a named basis the top five Senior Management’s remuneration component including 
salary, bonus, benefits in-kind and other emoluments in bands of RM50,000.
• Practice 12.2 – Large companies are encouraged to adopt integrated reporting based on a globally recognised framework.
This Statement supplements the Corporate Governance Report (“the CG Report”) set out in the format pursuant to Paragraph 
15.25(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”), published 
on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com and Bursa Securities’ website: https://www.bursamalaysia.com. 

---- Page 95 ----
94
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES
1.0 Board’s Leadership on Objectives and Goals
1.1 Strategic Aims, Value and Standards
The Board collectively holds the responsibility of ensuring the Group’s sustained success, acting on behalf of 
shareholders to generate long-term value and addressing the Group’s wider impact on all stakeholders. The Board 
is the ultimate authority on major decisions impacting the organisation, encompassing strategic, financial, and 
reputational considerations.
The Board’s effectiveness in discharging its responsibilities relies on a well-composed, balanced team with a wide 
range of skills and expertise. The Company’s governance framework enables decisive and accountable actions, 
supported by defined responsibilities within a structured system. The major responsibilities of the Board are outlined 
in the Board Charter, which details the governance and structure of the Board and its committees. This includes 
matters reserved for the Board and provide guidance on the Board’s conduct.
In FY2024, the following key activities have been carried out by the Board:
Strategy • Reviewed and approved the Company’s strategies, business plans and policies, 
alongside regular discussions on progress against the business’ strategic aims.
• Oversaw the conduct of the Company’s businesses and evaluated whether the 
businesses are being properly managed and sustained.
• Ensured the Company is a sustainable, successful and thriving organisation in the 
long run and striking a balance between the economic, environmental, social and 
governance (“ESG”).
Risk, Compliance and 
Oversight
• Ensured a sound risk management framework.
• Ensured the adequacy and integrity of the Company’s internal control system.
• Ensured the integrity of the Company’s financial and non-financial reporting.
• Conducted the periodic reviews of governance frameworks to ensure the Group 
remains relevant to current requirements and challenges.
• Discussed the reports from Board Committees on risk-related matters.
• Reviewed the effectiveness, challenges, and management action plans concerning 
the Group’s risk and control environment.
Governance • Together with Senior Management, promoted good corporate governance culture 
within the Group, whilst reinforcing ethical, prudent and professional behaviour.
• Ensured competency and succession planning of the Board and Key Senior 
Management.
• Ensured effective communication with stakeholders.
• Reviewed, updated and approved the corporate governance policies to ensure its 
consistency with the Board’s objectives, all applicable laws, rules and regulations as 
well as best practices.
• Appointed a new Independent Non-Executive Director (“INED”) on Board to 
promote Board refreshment.
• Discussed the reports from Board Committees on corporate governance.
Sustainability • Reviewed the Group’s sustainability blueprint by establishing sustainability targets 
and goals.
• Conducted the reviews of the Group’s sustainability performance, which includes 
Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions, employees well-being, turnover rate of 
employees, and etc.
• Reviewed the material sustainability matters to ensure relevance.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 96 ----
95
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES (Cont’d)
1.1 Strategic Aims, Value and Standards (Cont’d)
To facilitate effective decision-making and ensure the efficient discharge of the Board’s duties, powers and authority, 
the Board has established 3 Board Committees (“Committees”) with delegated responsibilities and duties as follow:
• Audit and Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”)
• Remuneration Committee (“RC”)
• Nominating Committee (“NC”)
These Committees oversee critical strategic areas within the Group such as audit and finance, risk, remuneration, 
sustainability and ethics, Board renewals, succession planning for the Board and Key Senior Management and 
related matters. Each Committee operates under clearly defined Term of Reference (“TOR”) that outline their duties, 
authority and reporting responsibilities, to oversee and deliberate on matters within their purview. The TOR for each 
Committee is reviewed regularly to ensure they remain relevant and effective. These TORs are approved by the 
Board and made accessible to stakeholders on the Company’s website at https://greatech-group.com. 
All the Committees are actively engaged and act as oversight committees. They evaluate and recommend matters 
under their purview for the Board to consider and approve. The Board receives updates from each Committee Chair 
on matters that have been discussed and deliberated at the respective meetings.
In addition to the principal Committees, the Board has established 4 topic-specific Committees as follow, to which it 
has delegated certain powers to review and administer relevant matters:
• Sustainability Working Group (“SWG”)
• Integrity Working Group (“IWG”)
• Long Term Incentive Plans (“LTIP”) Committee
• Executive Risk Management (“ERM”) Committee
The functions of the Board and Management are clearly defined to ensure the effectiveness of the Group’s business 
and operations. The Board provides leadership and direction, while Management is accountable for policy execution 
and meeting corporate objectives.
Throughout the financial year, the Board reviewed business and financial performance, collaborating closely with 
Management to achieve shared strategic aims and maintain the Group’s leading market positions for long term 
growth. The Board also monitored the Group’s culture to ensure alignment with values and strategy. Regular updates 
were provided by the Group Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Group Chief Project Officer (“CPO”), Group Chief 
Financial Officer (“CFO”) and other Key Senior Management members during Board meetings on material business 
matters related to strategy, planning, business development, risk management, governance and employees’ 
engagement initiatives supporting the Group’s culture.
The Board relies on reports from the CEO, who oversees all business operations, to set strategic aims for the Group. 
The CEO regularly briefs Directors on current operations, challenges, market opportunities and plans to keep the 
Board informed and guide Management on short-term and long-term business strategies. Decisions are guided by 
the Company’s values and standards, ensuring alignment with the Group’s overall objectives.
The Board holds accountability to shareholders and is ultimately responsible for ensuring the Group’s adherence to 
sound corporate governance practices and the highest standard of ethics. The robust Group Governance Framework 
continues to drive the highest level of business standards and best practices. The Board assesses and monitors the 
organisational culture to ensure alignment with the Group’s values and strategy. The Board leads by example, and 
act constructively and respectfully demonstrating the values that the Group expects across the companies.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 97 ----
96
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES (Cont’d)
1.1 Strategic Aims, Value and Standards (Cont’d)
The Board sets the Group strategy and oversees its execution, reviewing business performance, formulating policy 
on key issues, and creating long-term value to the shareholders and stakeholders. The Board comprises a mix of 
Executive Directors involved in strategy formulation and implementation, and INEDs engaged in decision evaluation 
and approval. 
Executive Directors and the Key Senior Management team are responsible for developing strategy, monitoring 
progress against strategic objectives, and reviewing day-to-day operations and business performance. Informal 
management groups have been established to address collaborative partnerships, risk management and ESG 
matters. The Group’s strong performance demonstrated its financial strength, market leadership and commitment in 
sustaining the global supply chain in automation. 
INEDs are individuals of calibre and credibility with the capacity to exercise independent judgment. Their role 
involves constructively challenging Management and monitoring the success of Management in achieving approved 
targets and business plans within the risk appetite set by the Board. INEDs maintain open communication with 
Management at all levels and engage with external and internal auditors to address matters related to management 
and oversight of the Company’s business and operations. The INEDs provide independent and unbiased views, 
advice and judgement to ensure a balanced and impartial decision-making process to safeguard the long-term 
interests of all stakeholders and the community.
SUCCESSION PLANNING
The Board prioritises succession planning, and the NC continues to refine its processes to strengthen focus in this 
area. The goal is to ensure that the organisation has a pool of talented and capable individuals ready to step into 
critical roles when needed, such as when someone leaves, retires, or is promoted.
The Board view that succession planning is essential for the organisation to ensure business continuity, talent retention 
and development, minimising risk, attracting top talent, organisational stability and alignment with business strategy. 
1.2 The Chairman of the Board
During the year under review, the Chairman of the Board, Dato’ Ooi Boon Chye (“Dato’ Ooi”), who is an INED, 
led the Board by setting the tone from the top and managing Board effectiveness by focusing on governance 
and compliance. He guided the Board through the decision-making process and ensured that the Board operates 
effectively as a team.
The roles and responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board are clearly outlined in Paragraph 4.7 of the Board Charter, 
which is available on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com. The Chairman of the Board is tasked 
with instilling good corporate governance practices within the organisation and leading the Board in adopting and 
implementing sound governance practices.  
1.3	 Chairman	and	Chief	Executive	Officer
The roles of the Chairman and the CEO are held by different individuals who are not related to each other, to facilitate 
the segregation of roles and responsibilities between them and even the distribution of power and authority. 
The Board appreciates the distinct roles and responsibilities of the Chairman and the CEO of the Company and the 
segregation of roles and responsibilities is clearly stated in the Company’s Board Charter to ensure a balance of 
power and authority is maintained.
Dato’ Ooi serves as the Chairman of the Board, responsible for setting the Group’s strategic direction by facilitating 
full and constructive contributions from each Board member. He leads the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities to 
shareholders and overseeing the long-term success of the Group to ensure its effectiveness.

---- Page 98 ----
97
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES (Cont’d)
1.3	 Chairman	and	Chief	Executive	Officer	(Cont’d)
On the other hand, Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee (“Dato’ Seri Tan”) holds the position of CEO, responsible for the 
executive management of the Group, focusing on business operations, organisational effectiveness and day-to-day 
management. The CEO is accountable for the formulation and implementation of the Group’s strategy in line with 
Board-approved policies and objectives, ensuring operational efficiency and profitability.
1.4 Chairman and Board Committees
To maintain checks and balances and ensure an objective review of issues raised by Board Committees, the Chairman 
of the Board, Dato’ Ooi is not a member of any of the Board Committees.
1.5 Company Secretaries
The Board and its Committees are supported by two Company Secretaries who are members of the Malaysian 
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (MAICSA). This ensures effective information flow and provide 
advice on all corporate governance matters. They are suitably qualified under the Companies Act 2016 (“CA 2016”) 
and are well-versed in compliance with the regulatory requirements, including the CA 2016, MMLR, the MCCG and 
other company secretarial matters. 
The Company Secretaries remain updated on regulatory changes and corporate governance developments, adhering 
to the Code of Ethics for Company Secretaries. The Board has full access to their advice and services, as well as 
comprehensive information relating to the Company’s affairs.
1.6 Access to Information and Meeting Materials
The Board has access to all information within the Company on matters requiring information for deliberation. The 
Board may seek independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, if required in furtherance of their 
duties.
The Board meets at least quarterly to discuss overall controls, operational and financial performances, strategies, 
major issues and opportunities of the Group. Additional meetings are called when necessary to ensure timely 
discussions on critical matters. Throughout FY2024, several meetings were conducted virtually using Microsoft 
Teams due to Directors’ geographical dispersion across different countries. However, the majority of the meetings 
were held in hybrid format, providing flexibility for attendance in person when feasible.
Meeting dates for the Board and Committees are scheduled well in advance to facilitate Directors’ time management. 
An annual meeting calendar is shared with Directors at the start of each financial year for them to block their 
schedules accordingly. In FY2024, a total of four (4) Board meetings were held with full attendance. 
All Board and Committee meetings during the financial year followed an approved agenda. Board members 
received pre-circulated papers and related materials, or explanatory information analysing all relevant aspects and 
recommended courses of action for each agenda item prior to respective meetings to enable informed decision-
making during discussion.
At each quarterly Board meeting, Key Principal Officers which comprised of CEO, CPO and CFO will provide the 
quarterly reports on the Group’s performance and financial results and address queries from the Directors. Other 
Management personnel may be invited to provide detailed explanations on specific matters, with ample time 
allocated for discussion to facilitate effective discharge of duties by the Directors.
To keep the Board informed and enhance their knowledge and experience, the Board is also regularly updated by 
the Company Secretaries and Management on corporate disclosures, compliance with regulations and changes in 
the regulatory framework.

---- Page 99 ----
98
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES (Cont’d)
1.6 Access to Information and Meeting Materials (Cont’d)
Board meeting minutes are promptly circulated for comments, with action items highlighted for follow-up by 
Management.
2.0 Demarcation of Responsibilities
2.1 Board Charter
The Board operates under a robust Board Charter that clearly outlines the roles and responsibilities of the Board, 
Board Committees, individual Directors and Management along with matters reserved for the Board. It serves as a 
primary reference and induction literature, providing valuable insights into the functions, governance and conduct 
of the Board. The Board Charter is designed to promote high standards of corporate governance, ethical behaviour 
and a culture of compliance within the Group.
 
The Board Charter will be periodically reviewed and updated in accordance with the objectives and responsibilities 
of the Board and any new regulations that may have an impact on the discharge of the Board’s responsibilities. The 
most recent revision on 26 November 2024 to align with amendments to the MMLR in relation to conflict of interest. 
The review and approval of sustainability matters such as strategies, key targets, performance, progress, issues and 
related policies have been included as the Board’s reserved matters.
The Board Charter is available on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com in line with Practice 2.1 of 
the MCCG.
3.0 Good Business Conduct and Healthy Corporate Culture
3.1 Code of Conduct & Ethics
The Board places a strong emphasis on creating and nurturing a culture aimed at long-term value creation for the 
Group and all stakeholders. Directors and employees are committed to observing good corporate governance in 
business practices consistent with the Group’s Core Values of Integrity, Innovation, Performance Driven, Customer 
Oriented, Care & Respect and Commitment.
To reinforce these values, the Board has formally approved a Code of Conduct & Ethics (“Code”) that sets out 
acceptable practices for directors, management and employees. This Code serves as a guide for behaviour and 
is integrated into the company-wide management practices, ensuring clarity on acceptable conduct within the 
Company.
The Board together with the Management, had ensured the implementation of the Code including procedures to 
manage conflicts of interest, prevent abuse of power, bribery, corruption, insider trading, discrimination, harassment 
and other unethical behaviours.
There are various Company’s policies that complement the Code, across areas such as compliance with legislation, 
financial matters, conflict of interest, modern slavery, employment practices and corruption. These policies are easily 
accessible through a policy portal on the Company intranet and website and are communicated to new staff upon 
employment. Training is also provided at regular intervals thereafter to ensure that all employees within the business 
are aware of their importance
In line with Group’s commitment to ethical standards, the Code is extended to third parties through the Supplier 
Code of Conduct & Ethics (“Supplier Code”), emphasising the importance of ethical behaviour in all engagements. 
Mechanisms are in place for reporting instances of fraud, theft, corruption, unethical behaviour and irregularities, 
with the Management overseeing the implementation and enforcement of the Code. 

---- Page 100 ----
99
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES (Cont’d)
3.1 Code of Conduct & Ethics (Cont’d)
Additionally, the Group has established a Share Trading Policy and other measures to monitor and prevent corruption 
effectively. Employees and Directors who may encounter conflicts of interest are required to submit annual 
declarations to the Group’s Human Resources and Administration (“HRA”) Department, with Directors promptly 
notifying the Company Secretaries of any actual or potential conflict of interest for ARMC’s and Board’s review. 
 
During FY2024, there were no known material breaches of the Code by the Directors and employees.
The Code is available on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com and undergoes periodic reviewed and 
updates by the Board to ensure its continued relevance and appropriateness in promoting a culture of integrity and 
ethical behaviour.
3.2	 Conflict	of	Interest	Policy
The Conflict of Interest Policy, established on 25 November 2019, outlines stringent standards to uphold integrity, 
transparency and accountability among directors and employees in performing their duties. Directors, whether 
executive or non-executive, are required to exercise independent judgment and act in good faith, with the requisite 
care, skill, and diligence. These fiduciary duties, comparable to those of a trustee, ensure that Directors’ actions and 
decisions align with the Company’s interests.
The policy outlines the key fiduciary responsibilities of Directors, including acting in good faith, exercising power 
appropriately, avoiding conflicts of interest, and maintaining the integrity of financial information. Directors are 
prohibited from improper use of confidential information, insider trading, and market misconduct. They must 
not derive personal gain from undisclosed transactions or arrangements and must avoid any conduct that could 
undermine their obligations to the Company.
The most recent update to the Conflict of Interest Policy was made in August 2023 in order to align with the 
developments in the MMLR of Bursa Securities. 
3.3 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
In addition to the Code, the Board has embraced a comprehensive Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (“ABAC”) 
Framework and adopted an ABAC Policy described by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission Act 2009 (“MACC 
Act”). This ABAC Framework elucidates the principles of anti-corruption and offers supplementary guidance to 
the Code. It serves as the foundation upon which the Company has implemented robust procedures to deter any 
individual associated with the Group from participating in corrupt activities. 
The ABAC Policy establishes expectations for internal and external parties associated with the Group to prevent 
bribery and corrupt practices in the Group’s business activities. It is distributed to all Company employees and 
accessible on the Company’s intranet portal, with each employee required to confirm their familiarity with the 
regulations and activities in this area. The Company’s Business Partner Anti-Corruption Policy outlines expectations 
for all suppliers, prohibiting any form of bribery, “kickbacks”, or improper payment (of cash or anything of value) to 
a third party to gain an unfair advantage. 
As part of its procedures, the Group has instituted mandatory training on compliance with the MACC Act for all 
new employees on joining. Periodic training are conducted for employees in roles with a greater risk of exposure to 
bribery.
The Group’s ABAC Policy, along with the Corruption Risk Management (“CRM”) assessment, undergoes a review at 
least every three years or more frequently as needed. The most recent review and update of the policy occurred in 
February 2024. Our CRM Framework is underpinned by detailed procedures that must be adhered to whenever any 
Group member engages with third parties, ensuring that due diligence is conducted at regular intervals.

---- Page 101 ----
100
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES (Cont’d)
3.3 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy (Cont’d)
During FY2024, no incidents of bribery and corruption were reported within the Group and internal audit activities 
did not identify any related issues.
The ABAC Policy is available on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com. The most recent enhancement 
to the ABAC Policy was made on 26 November 2024.
3.4 Anti-Fraud Policy
The Group maintains a zero-tolerance attitude towards fraud and will uphold all applicable laws relevant to countering 
fraud in all jurisdictions in which it operates.
 
This corporate Anti-Fraud Policy is established to facilitate the development of controls, which will aid in the 
detection and prevention of fraud. It is the Company’s intent to promote consistent organisational behaviour by 
providing guidelines and assigning responsibilities for the development of controls and conduct of investigations. 
3.5 Related Party Transaction Policy & Procedures
The Group has put in place the Related Party Transaction (“RPT”) Policy to provide guidance in identifying, disclosing 
and reporting of RPT and/or Recurrent Related Party Transaction (“RRPT”) that must be adhered to by all Directors 
and employees of the Group to ensure that they are fair and conducted at arms’ length.
3.6 Whistleblowing Policy
The Whistleblowing Policy promotes an open working environment where employees and/or stakeholders may 
report any incident of alleged improper conduct confidentially without fear of reprisal to the employee’s immediate 
superior, Executive Directors, Independent Non-Executive Chairman or the ARMC Chairman, where appropriate. 
The Whistleblowing Policy outlines the procedures for dealing with matters lodged by whistleblowers and 
incorporates the ABAC Framework to strengthen the integrity and governance of the Group.
As of FY2024, there were no incidents of whistleblowing reported.
The Whistleblowing Policy is available on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com in line with Practice 
3.2 of the MCCG and is subject to periodically reviewed by the Board to ensure its relevance. The latest revision to 
the Whistleblowing Policy was made on 26 November 2024.
3.7 Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy
The Board has approved the implementation of the Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy, designed to assist the Board 
and the NC in the assessment and evaluation of candidates for the appointment and reappointment of Directors to 
both the Board and the Group.
This Policy, as approved by the Board, is subject to periodic reviews to ensure alignment with the MMLR, while taking 
into account any changes in legal and regulatory obligations. The most recent update to the Policy was made on 26 
November 2024.
The Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy is posted on the Company’s website.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 102 ----
101
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES (Cont’d)
4.0 Addressing Sustainability Risks and Opportunities
4.1 Governance of Sustainability
Given the Board’s emphasis on the importance of sustainability to the Group, the Board has established the SWG 
on 26 August 2019, to advance the Group’s direction on sustainability including actively cultivating a strong and 
progressive sustainability culture within the Group. The Board has adopted a Sustainability Policy to strengthen the 
Group’s commitment to sustainability.
The SWG, which is led by the Group CEO and includes the internal experts of key functional groups, promotes 
and oversees the development of strategy toward sustainability with an emphasis on environmental program, 
social stewardship and governance. Our approach is guided by 3 key principles namely - People (Social), Planet 
(Environment) and Profit (Economy), aiming to achieve sustainability development goals and integrate business 
sustainability as a core element of our culture. 
The Board provides essential guidance on economic, environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) issues, ensuring 
that sustainability considerations are integrated into the overall business strategy and decision-making processes.
The Company upholds sustainability through a structured approach involving key governance bodies and committees, 
which:
(i) plays a crucial role in integrating sustainability into the Company’s risk management framework; 
(ii) involves in developing and approving sustainability policies that guide the Company’s approach to ESG issues; 
(iii) monitors the sustainability performance, including key metrics, targets and initiatives; 
(iv) engages with internal and external stakeholders on sustainability matters ensuring stakeholders interests and 
concerns are considered in decision-making processes; and
(v) oversee the preparation and disclosure of sustainability reports to stakeholders. 
The Group’s primary objective is to achieve optimum equilibrium between achieving business growth and 
profitability, whilst simultaneously focusing on conducting the business in a socially responsible and ethical manner, 
creating a conducive working environment for its employees and fulfilling wherever possible the expectations of its 
stakeholders in its business activities.
 
As stated in the Board Charter, the Board is tasked with overseeing the Group’s strategy, sustainability risk, 
opportunities and risk management framework, which includes both climate-related risks and opportunities. The Board 
is responsible for ensuring that adequate climate-related controls are in place when setting the Group’s sustainability 
strategies, priorities and targets. Furthermore, it is charged with responsibility of effectively communicating these 
strategies and their performance to both internal and external stakeholders. 
The Board is dedicated to providing ESG guidance to ensure that the Group is managed ethically and responsibly, 
thereby enhancing the value of its businesses for the benefit of all stakeholders. The Senior Management team 
is accountable for regular ESG reporting to the Board, which oversees the Group’s ESG strategy, initiatives and 
performance as detailed in the Sustainability Report, thereby fostering continuous improvement.
Since 2021, the Board started a systematic process of building a sustainability agenda for the Group. Key focus 
areas during this period include generating increased value through organic growth and acquisitions, integrating 
ESG measures into remuneration structures, adapting to changes in the remuneration landscape and ensuring 
transparency regarding the impact of the Group’s activities on all stakeholders, including shareholders, employees 
and the communities in which the Group operates.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 103 ----
102
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES (Cont’d)
4.1 Governance of Sustainability (Cont’d)
The Board’s oversight extends to monitoring and evaluating progress against established goals and targets related to 
climate-related issues. This includes regular assessments of the effectiveness of the risk management framework and 
the integration of climate-related considerations into the Group’s overall business strategy. By doing so, the Board 
aims to align the Group’s operations with sustainable practices that mitigate risks and capitalise on opportunities 
presented by climate change.
4.2 Communication of Company’s Sustainability Strategies, Priorities, Targets and Performance
The Company’s sustainability strategy is driven by a materiality assessment that identifies key sustainability focus areas 
important to Greatech and its stakeholders. This assessment helps to determine the most impactful sustainability 
topics that will influence the business. Increasing sustainability expectations brings with it both risks and opportunities. 
As part of the materiality analysis and process of determining the material sustainability topics, the Board also 
reviewed the external environment to identify sustainability risks and opportunities related to environmental issues, 
climate change, health & safety, respect for human rights, bribery and corruption.
The Group uses various communication channels, including digital platforms and face-to-face interactions, to 
engage with stakeholders effectively. Since 2019, the Company has been publishing its annual sustainability reports 
to maintain accountability to all stakeholders.
To raise awareness of sustainability strategies among employees, the Group organises events, initiatives and practices 
that promote energy conservation, waste reduction and resource efficiency. The focus is on fostering a sustainability 
mindset and implementing measures to support the sustainable development strategy.
The Group considers sustainability reporting to be an important communication channel to update the internal and 
external stakeholders on the Group’s sustainability strategies, priorities and progress towards sustainability targets. 
Sustainability-related actions and disclosures have also been incorporated into the Company’s public announcements 
for analysts, institutional investors and the general public.
4.3 Board Keep Abreast of the Relevant Sustainability Issues
The Company’s objectives, strategy and financial targets are evaluated by the Board on an annual basis. The Board 
also reviews the Group’s performance in ESG and evaluates the risk profile and make regular assessments of these 
processes to ensure high quality standards are maintained. During the financial year, the following were presented 
by the CFO and external consultants in the Board meeting and approved by the Board.
• Materiality matrix which has been evaluated by SWG;
• Sustainability priorities;
• ESG strategy, plan and activities; and
• Enterprise risks management including climate change risks, opportunities and mitigation plan.
 
Stakeholders’ views had given valuable insight into economic and ESG topics, which had also formed part of the 
discussions at the Board meetings and every decision that the Board takes.
The Board keeps fully abreast of latest regulations, industry guidance and emerging environmental issues relevant 
to the business. They develop robust practices to incorporate environmental considerations into Board decision 
making, ensuring that sustainability factors are integrated into strategic planning and risk management processes.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 104 ----
103
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
I. BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES (Cont’d)
4.4 Performance Evaluation of Board and Senior Management
The Management remuneration is tied to ESG metrics, emphasising accountability for achieving the Company’s 
sustainability goals.
The performance evaluation of the Board for FY2024 included a comprehensive review of their effectiveness in 
managing the Company’s material sustainability risk, opportunities and ESG issues. Based on the evaluation carried 
out by the Board, the below areas required further improvement/action:
• Strengthening ESG knowledge for the Board through targeted training and professional development programs, 
aimed at enhancing their comprehension of sustainability challenges and best practices in light of the evolving 
regulatory landscape; and
• Augmenting the Board’s focus on sustainability initiatives to foster positive outcomes across the Group; 
The Board had all attended the Mandatory Accreditation Programme Part II: Leading for Impact (“LIP”) and gained 
knowledge about the foundation to address sustainability risks and opportunities effectively and have better 
oversight over the Company’s material sustainability matters.
The principal and emerging risks are discussed and monitored throughout the year to identify changes to the risk 
landscape. The Group continues to monitor the ongoing impact and inform the assessment of the principal risks to 
the Board. The risks relating to climate change and sustainability have now been included as a separate principal risk. 
The Board was updated on health, safety and wellbeing matters i.e. injury rates, safety incidents and risk assessment 
results.
4.5 Designated Person to Manage Sustainability (Step Up)
The SWG, led by the Group CEO, oversees the strategic planning and execution of sustainability strategies to ensure 
that the Group’s sustainability principles are effectively integrated into all business operations.
The Group CFO has been appointed to oversee the strategic management of sustainability, which includes the 
incorporation of sustainability considerations in the operational practices and comprehensive reporting of the 
Group. Updates on sustainability progress will be tabled for discussion at the Executive Risk Management Meeting 
and ARMC Meeting in line with the established risk review cycle.
Together, the SWG identifies, evaluates, monitors and manages both risks and opportunities associated with 
Economic, Environmental and Social aspects within our business operations.
II. BOARD COMPOSITION
5.0 Board Objectivity
5.1 Enhancing Board Effectiveness through Periodic Refreshment and Performance Evaluation
5.2 Composition of the Board
The Company believes that enhancing the social and professional diversity within its Board and Key Senior 
Management is essential in realising its strategic objectives and ensuring sustainable growth. In the appointment of 
Board members and Senior Management, a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural 
and educational backgrounds, ethnicity, professional experience, skills and knowledge, have been considered to 
cultivate a well-diversified leadership team that aligns with the Group’s vision and reinforces effective governance.
The NC is responsible for assisting the Board in the development and implementation of the policies on the nomination 
and appointment of Directors and Committee members in the Company, to achieve long-term sustainability of the 
organisation in accordance with the TOR of the NC.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 105 ----
104
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
II. BOARD COMPOSITION (Cont’d)
5.2 Composition of the Board (Cont’d)
Annually, the NC evaluates, reviews and recommends to the Board the appropriate size of the Board, required mix of 
skills, experience and other attributes including core competencies which Non-Executive Directors shall bring to the 
Board to ensure that they are align with the Company’s and the Group’s strategic requirements. The effectiveness of 
the Board as a whole, along with the contribution of each Director and the various Board Committees, is assessed 
on an annual basis to maintain high governance standards.
The NC also reviewed the tenure of each Director and oversees the annual re-election process, to ensure satisfactory 
evaluation of each Director’s performance and contributions to the Board.
 
The Board currently comprises of 5 INEDs and 2 Executive Directors, namely the CEO and the CPO. This composition 
complies with Paragraph 15.02 of the MMLR and Practice 5.2 of the MCCG, as more than half of the Board members 
are independent. Such composition is able to provide an unbiased, independent and objective judgement to 
facilitate a balanced leadership within the Group. It also provides effective checks and balances to safeguard the 
interest of the minority shareholders and other stakeholders, and ensuring high standards of conduct and integrity 
are maintained.
The Board having reviewed its size and composition is confident that its current configuration is well-balanced, 
featuring a diverse array of professional backgrounds, skills, expertise and knowledge essential for discharging its 
responsibilities effectively. Furthermore, the current number of Board members is conducive for efficient deliberations 
at Board meetings and supports effective decision-making processes.
All Directors are required to ensure that they consistently dedicated sufficient time and attention to effectively 
discharge their responsibilities and commitments to the Group.
Each Director provides confirmation on quarterly and annual basis, as to disclose any actual or potential conflicts 
of interest that may arise. This is one of the criteria to enable the ARMC and the Board to assess the Directors’ 
independence as and when new interest or relationship develops.
5.3 Tenure of Independent Non-Executive Director
5.4 Policy on Tenure of Independent Non-Executive Director
According to the Board Charter of the Company, the tenure of an INED is limited to a cumulative term of 9 years. As 
of now, none of the INEDs have exceeded their 9-year tenures. 
The Board, with the assistance of the NC, has conducted an annual assessment of the independence of all INEDs 
of the Company. The Board is content with the level of independence demonstrated by each INEDs, considering 
their tenure with the Company, their independent character, their ability to provide constructive challenge and the 
absence of any relationships or circumstances that could compromise their judgement. The assessment is based on 
their current involvement and effectiveness on both the Board and its Committees.
5.5 Appointment of Board and Senior Management
The Board believes that a truly diverse and inclusive Board will leverage the differences of its members, to achieve 
stewardship and in turn, retain its competitive advantage. In this respect, the Board endeavours to ensure that it 
consists of individuals with a diverse background equipped with professional and technical knowledge to effectively 
carry out their roles as the representative of the interests of shareholders.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 106 ----
105
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
II. BOARD COMPOSITION (Cont’d)
5.5 Appointment of Board and Senior Management (Cont’d)
In implementing the Board and Senior Management Diversity Policy, the NC is mindful of its responsibility to 
conduct all Board appointment processes through various approaches. This approach aims to promote diversity 
on the Board, which can provide greater depth and breadth, ultimately leading to better decisions. Suitability for 
the role is carefully considered alongside diversity goals. It will also take into consideration Board balance and 
composition, the required mix of skills, the candidates’ background, knowledge, integrity, competency, experience 
and potential contribution to the Group. For INED positions, the NC also evaluates the candidate’s ability to fulfil the 
responsibilities expected of an INED. 
After thorough evaluation by the RC, it was concluded that Dr. Kong’s expertise and judgement would significantly 
enhance the Board’s capabilities. Notably, an external search consultancy was not engaged for her appointment as a 
non-executive director of the Board. In FY2024, following a comprehensive assessment of Dr. Kong’s qualifications, 
skills, and alignment with the Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy, the NC recommended her appointment as INED, 
which was approved by the Board effective 23 February 2024. The change of members composition of Board 
Committees was also reviewed and approved for recommendation to the Board, after consideration of the Director’s 
qualifications and experience.
Before undertaking the appointment of a non-executive director of the Board, the Chairman ensures that the 
prospective director can dedicate the necessary time and commitment to fulfil their duties, in terms of availability 
for both preparation and attendance at meetings as well as discussion on other matters as needed. The Board, 
with the NC guidance, conducts an annual review of the time commitment required for each Director to meet 
their role expectations, including attending the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”), engaging with stakeholders and 
participating in the Board evaluation process. 
Directors are, while holding office, at liberty to accept other Board appointment(s) in different companies, provided 
that such appointment do not conflict with the Group’s business and do not hinder their responsibilities as Directors 
of the Company. Directors are required to notify the Chairman and/or the Company Secretaries before accepting 
new Board appointments in other companies. These new appointments are then reported to the Board.
None of the Directors currently holds more than 2 directorships in listed companies, which complies with Bursa 
Malaysia’s MMLR limiting directors to a maximum of 5 directorships in listed issuers. This limitation ensures that the 
Directors can dedicate sufficient time and commitment to the Group.
The Board has reviewed these external commitments to ensure they do not hinder Directors’ ability to discharge their 
responsibilities effectively. All Directors attended all Board and Board Committees meetings held by the Company in 
FY2024, as evidenced in this Statement.
5.6 Identify Candidates for Board Appointment
Pursuant to the TOR of the NC, the NC is tasked to identify, nominate and orientate new Directors and to make 
recommendations to the Board for the appointment of Directors. While the Board is responsible for the appointment 
of new Directors, the NC is delegated with the role of screening and conducting an initial selection, which includes 
external and independent searches, before making a recommendation to the Board. The NC reviews the candidate 
for appointment as Director based on the mix of skills, expertise, working experience, professionalism, integrity and 
the ability to discharge their expected duties and responsibilities.
In sourcing for new Directors, the Board acknowledges the importance of not solely relying on recommendations 
from existing Board members, Management or major shareholders in identifying candidates for appointment of 
Directors, but trust that the nomination has its merits. The NC meets with the shortlisted Board candidates to assess 
their suitability and availability before making recommendations to the Board for its consideration and approval.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 107 ----
106
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
II. BOARD COMPOSITION (Cont’d)
5.6 Identify Candidates for Board Appointment (Cont’d)
The search and nomination process for new Directors, if any, is facilitated through recommendations from the 
Directors or external parties, including the Company’s contacts in related industries, Directors’ personal contacts or 
may engage executive search firms to source for potential candidates.
In respect of the appointment of Directors, the Company practises a clear and transparent nomination process, 
which involves the following 5 stages:
Stage 1: Identification of candidates;
Stage 2: Evaluation of suitability of candidates; 
Stage 3: Meeting up with candidates;
Stage 4: Final deliberation by the NC; and 
Stage 5: Recommendation to the Board.
5.7 Re-election of Directors at the General Meeting
In accordance with the Company’s Constitution, all Directors who are appointed by the Board are subjected to 
re-election by the shareholders in the next AGM subsequent to their appointment. At least one-third (1/3) of the 
Directors are required to retire from office by rotation annually and subject to re-election at each AGM. All Directors 
shall retire from office at least once in every three (3) years but shall be eligible for re-election which is in line with 
the MMLR of Bursa Securities.
Any person appointed by the Board either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Directors, shall 
hold office until the conclusion of the next AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election.
The retiring Directors recommended for re-election at the 6th AGM have undergone assessment through the Board’s 
annual evaluation process, which includes evaluating the independence of INEDs. A statement by the Board and 
NC being satisfied with the performance and effectiveness of the retiring Directors who offered themselves for re-
election at the AGM was stated in the explanatory notes of Notice of AGM.
5.8 Nominating Committee
The NC were entrusted by the Board to assist in the nomination process for the Board and Committees as well as 
assessing their performance.
In accordance with the TOR for the NC, the NC shall consist of no fewer than 3 members, all of whom must be Non-
Executive Directors, with a majority being independent. The current composition of the NC comprises exclusively 
of INEDs as follows:
Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai (INED/ Chairman)
Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang (INED/ Member)
Dr. Kong Siew Mui (INED/ Member) (Appointed on 25 May 2024)
Mariamah binti Daud (INED/ Member) (Retired on 24 May 2024)
The TOR of the NC can be found on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 108 ----
107
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
II. BOARD COMPOSITION (Cont’d)
5.8 Nominating Committee (Cont’d)
The attendance of the NC at the NC meetings held during FY2024 is tabulated below:
Designation Directors Attendance
Chairman Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai 2/2
Member Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang 2/2
Member Mariamah binti Daud (Retired on 24 May 2024) 2/2
Member Dr. Kong Siew Mui (Appointed on 25 May 2024) Nil
A summary of key activities undertaken by the NC during FY2024 are as follows:
• Reviewed the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees, deliberated on their findings and reported the 
outcome in Board meeting;
• Reviewed the re-election of Directors who were up for retirement at the 6th AGM of the Company; 
• Reviewed the performance of the Executive Directors and the CFO of the Company and reported the outcome 
in Board meeting;
• Considered succession planning of the organisation, in relation to both the Board and senior management, 
taking into account the necessary leadership skills and expertise required to effectively compete in the 
marketplace and achieve the Group’ strategic goals;
• Assessed the balance of skills, knowledge and experience of the candidate and recommended the appointment 
of Dr. Kong Siew Mui as an INED of the Company and recommended to the Board for approval; and
• Reviewed and recommended the proposed change of composition in ARMC, RC and NC for the Board’s 
approval.
5.9 Diversity of Board and Senior Management
5.10 Gender Diversity Policy
The Board acknowledges the importance of gender and ethnic diversity in fostering sustainable development 
within the Group and upholds a non-discriminatory approach in appointments based on objective criteria and merit, 
while also considering diversity in skills, experience, age, cultural background and gender. The Board believes that 
embracing diversity leads to varied perspectives, enhancing productivity, sustainability and competencies to drive 
business performance for the benefit of shareholders in the medium to long-term.
 
As of FY2024, the Board comprises 7 Directors, with 2 females, representing 29% of the Board (down from 38% in 
2023). The decrease in female representation follows the retirement of Puan Mariamah binti Daud on 24 May 2024 
and appointment of Dato’ Ooi on 25 August 2023, which has impacted the current composition. The Board believes 
that its existing Directors contribute a diverse array of perspectives and effectively fulfil their roles, leveraging their 
varied experiences, skills and competencies.
The Board and Senior Management Diversity Policy was updated and approved on 26 November 2024 to encourage 
gender diversity within the Board and senior leadership. This policy is applied when reviewing the composition of the 
Board and its Committees as well as the senior management team.
In FY2024, female representation at the Senior Management level stood at 33% (2023: 33%). The Group continues 
to surpass the 30% target for women’s participation in Senior Management recommended by Practice 5.10 of the 
MCCG.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 109 ----
108
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
II. BOARD COMPOSITION (Cont’d)
6.0 Overall Effectiveness of the Board and Individual Directors
6.1 Annual Evaluation for Board Effectiveness and Composition Enhancement
In FY2024, the NC conducted a thorough annual assessment of the Board, its Committees and individual Directors 
through comprehensive evaluation questionnaires. The assessment covered various aspects including Board 
composition, decision-making quality, Boardroom activities, ESG considerations and Committee performance, along 
with additional topical matters. The responses to the questionnaires were anonymised and aggregated, forming the 
basis for a facilitated roundtable discussion.
The Board Committees were assessed based on the efficiency and effectiveness of each Committee and its members’ 
continuous contribution to the Board and commitment to their roles and responsibilities in discharging their duties. 
Likewise, the NC can assess the contribution of each Director to the effectiveness of the Board.
Assessment facilitation was overseen by the Company Secretaries. All assessment results were presented to the NC 
for review before being reported to the Board for discussion and potential enhancements.
The outcomes of the performance review were discussed at the Board meeting. The NC acknowledged the effective 
performance of the Board and its Committees, recognising the diverse composition of skills and experience among 
both Executive Directors and Non-Executive Independent Directors.
The Board was of the view that the engagement of independent experts to perform a formal and objective Board 
evaluation as required under Practice 6.1 of MCCG should be deferred. This decision is based on the recent 
stabilisation of the Board and Board Committees’ composition. The Board believes that given the internal expertise 
and experience, a thorough self-assessment can be conducted effectively. Further deliberation will be undertaken 
before proceeding with the engagement of independent experts for the Board evaluation.
Throughout FY2024, four (4) Board Meetings were held to deliberate on key Group activities and strategies, including 
annual budget, capital assets investment and financial performance, and to endorse the release of the quarterly 
financial results. All Board and Board Committees’ meetings have been scheduled well in advance to maximise 
Director attendance. In addition to holding meetings, important matters regarding the Group is also put to the 
Board for decision-making by way of circular resolutions. The resolutions passed by way of such circular resolutions 
are then noted in the next Board Meeting.
The attendance of the Directors at Board meetings held during FY2024 is tabulated below:
Directors Attendance	during	tenure	in	office
Dato’ Ooi Boon Chye 4/4
Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee 4/4
Khor Lean Heng 4/4
Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang 4/4
Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai 4/4
Dr Michael Dominic Kirk 4/4
Dr Kong Siew Mui (appointed 23 February 2024) 3/3
Mariamah binti Daud (retired on 24 May 2024) 2/2
Following a comprehensive review of the Board, Committees and individual Director performances, the NC has 
confirmed that the Board operated effectively and with dedication to their responsibilities. 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 110 ----
109
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
II. BOARD COMPOSITION (Cont’d)
6.1 Annual Evaluation for Board Effectiveness and Composition Enhancement (Cont’d)
The Directors are conscious of the importance of keeping abreast with the latest changes and development in legal 
and regulatory governance, so as to update and refresh themselves on matters that may affect their performance as 
Directors. The Company prioritises ongoing training and professional development for Directors, ensuring they are 
briefed on regulatory updates, guidelines, accounting standards and other relevant trends or issues.
Throughout FY2024, Company Secretaries, External Auditors and/or the Group CFO kept Directors informed 
about changes in laws and regulations, including the CA 2016, MMLR, MCCG and relevant accounting standards. 
Presentations from the Group CEO and Senior Management further enriched Board knowledge on topics such as the 
Group’s ESG initiatives, climate change and technological advancements during Board and Committee meetings.
The trainings attended by the Directors during the FY2024 are as follows:
Directors Trainings
Dato’ Ooi 
Boon Chye
• What you need to know about the Bursa’ Amended Listing Requirements on Conflict of Interest
Dato’ Seri 
Tan Eng 
Kee
• What you need to know about the Bursa’ Amended Listing Requirements on Conflict of Interest
• Cybersecurity Awareness (Refresher FY 2024)
• Confidentiality and Personal Data Protection Awareness (Refresher FY 2024)
• Sexual Harassment at Workplace and the law
• Annual ISO9001 (Refresher FY 2024)
• Corporate Liability & Ethical Framework Awareness (Refresher FY 2023)
Mr. Khor 
Lean Heng
• Phishing Simulation Program Assessment Result (FY 2023)
• What you need to know about the Bursa’ Amended Listing Requirements on Conflict of Interest
• CyberSecurity Awareness (Refresher FY 2024)
• Confidentiality and Personal Data Protection Awareness (Refresher FY 2024)
• Sexual Harassment at Workplace and the Law
• Annual ISO9001 (Refresher FY 2024)
• Corporate Liability & Ethical Framework Awareness (Refresher FY 2023)
Dato’ Ooi 
Hooi Kiang
• MIA – Webinar Series : Capital Gains Tax and Real Property Gains Tax
• Professional Certificate in Business Financial Intelligence
• E-Invoice Implementation : A Forum for Finance Leaders
• Affin Bank Market Outlook 2024 – Propelling Malaysia Forward – Penang Series
• International Directors Programme – Module 1 in Singapore
• International Directors Programme – Module 2 in Fontainebleau, France
• International Directors Programme – Module 3 in Singapore
Dato’ Seri 
Wong Siew 
Hai 
• Mandatory Accreditation Programme Part II: Leading for impact (“LIP”)
• What you need to know about the Bursa’ Amended Listing Requirements on Conflict of Interest 
Dr. Michael 
Dominic 
Kirk
• What you need to know about the Bursa’ Amended Listing Requirements on Conflict of Interest 
• Cybersecurity Oversight: Board Responsibilities in light of the Cybersecurity Act 2024
Dr. Kong 
Siew Mui 
• Mandatory Accreditation Programme 
• Mandatory Accreditation Programme Part II: Leading for impact (“LIP”)
• What you need to know about the Bursa’ Amended Listing Requirements on Conflict of Interest
• Cybersecurity Oversight: Board Responsibilities in light of the Cybersecurity Act 2024
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 111 ----
110
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
II. BOARD COMPOSITION (Cont’d)
6.1 Annual Evaluation for Board Effectiveness and Composition Enhancement (Cont’d)
All the Directors have attended the Mandatory Accreditation Programme as required under the MMLR.
In addition, Company Secretaries proactively notify Directors about upcoming conferences and seminars relevant 
to their roles within the Company. Directors are encouraged to enhance their expertise and stay updated on the 
latest governance practices, listing rules and regulations by attending relevant seminars and training programs, with 
associated expenses covered by the Company.
Upon review, the Board concluded that the Directors’ trainings for FY2024 were adequate.
 
III REMUNERATION
7.0 Level and Composition of Remuneration
7.1 Remuneration Policy
The Board has adopted a Remuneration Policy for Directors and Key Principal Officers aimed at attracting and 
retaining top talent to steer the Company’s strategic direction for long-term interest.
The Remuneration Policy is designed to align compensation with shareholder interests by linking rewards to Group 
and individual performance, fostering sustainability.
The remuneration package of Executive Directors and CFO comprises a fixed cash component of salary, fringe 
benefits, variable performance incentives and statutory contributions. Variable performance incentives are tied to 
the performance of the Group and the individual’s ability to achieve their respective performance based on financial 
and non-financial targets.
The RC has assessed the business performance relative to the markets and competitors against the target that had 
been set for the year. Based on the assessment, the NC considers overall remuneration rewards including annual 
bonus paid to the Executive Directors, Key Management Personnel and employees to be a fair reflection of the 
performance of the business.
The Company also has in place Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”) comprise Share Grant Plan (“SGP”) and Share 
Option Plan (“SOP”). Both schemes are administered by LTIP Committee, which is also report to the RC.
INEDs are not awarded remuneration in the form of shares and/or right to shares and their compensation is not 
dependent on the results of the Company. The Executive Directors are not entitled to any meeting allowance. The 
remuneration of the Company’s INEDs is appropriate to the level of contribution, considering factors such as effort 
and time spent, responsibilities undertaken and are benchmarked against prevailing market practices.
The Directors’ fees of the INEDs are recommended by the Board and subject to shareholders’ approval at each 
AGM. The Directors who are shareholders and persons connected to the Director have abstained from deliberating 
and voting on the decision in respect of his/her remuneration.
The Remuneration Policy of the Group can be found on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com.
 7.2 Remuneration Committee
The Board has established the RC to review and make recommendations on matters relating to performance and 
remuneration for the Executive Directors and Key Principal Officer of the Group. The RC comprises exclusively of 
INEDs of the Company.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 112 ----
111
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
III REMUNERATION  (Cont’d)
 7.2 Remuneration Committee (Cont’d)
The current members of the RC are as follows:
Dr. Kong Siew Mui (INED/ Chairman) (Appointed as Chairman of RC on 25 May 2024);
Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang (INED/ Member) (Re-designation from Chairman to Member with effect from 25 May 2024);
Mariamah binti Daud (INED/ Member) (Retired on 24 May 2024); and
Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai (INED/ Member).
The RC has adopted a formal set of TOR approved by the Board. The TOR of the RC can be found on the Company’s 
website: https://greatech-group.com.
The RC meets as and when necessary, but at least once a year. There is a formal and transparent procedure for 
developing and setting remuneration packages of Executive Directors and Key Principal Officers. None of the 
Executive Directors are involved in discussing and deciding their own remuneration. The INEDs of the Committee 
have no personal financial interest, other than as shareholders.
The attendance of the RC at the RC meetings held during FY2024 is tabulated below:
Designation Directors Attendance
Chairman Dr. Kong Siew Mui 1/1
Member Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang 3/3
Member Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai 3/3
Member Mariamah binti Daud 2/2
The RC has full authority to engage any external professional advisors, as and when the need arises, on matters 
relating to remuneration at the cost of the Company. No external professional advisors engaged by the Company 
in the FY2024.
A summary of key activities undertaken by the RC during the FY2024 is as follows:
• Reviewed the Key Result Areas (“KRA”) for Key Principal Officers for reward purposes;
• Reviewed and recommended the Directors’ fees for the period from AGM held in 2024 until the conclusion of 
AGM to be held in year 2025 for shareholders’ approval during the Company’s AGM held in year 2024;
• Reviewed and recommended the benefit payable to the Directors for the period from AGM held in 2024 until 
the conclusion of AGM to be held on in year 2025 for shareholders’ approval during the Company’s AGM held 
in year 2024;
• Reviewed and recommended the bonus payment to Executive Directors and CFO before recommended to the 
Board for approval; and
• Reviewed and assessed the Executive Directors and CFO’s remuneration package for FY2024 to ensure it is in 
line with market benchmarks before recommended to the Board for approval.
The RC carried out an annual review of the Executive Directors’ and CFO’s remuneration to ensure that the 
remuneration package remains sufficiently attractive to retain the Executive Directors and CFO of such calibre to 
provide the necessary skills and experience and commensurate with their responsibilities to ensure the effective 
management and operations of the Group.
The remuneration package for all Directors is determined by the Board as a whole following the relevant 
recommendations made by the RC, with the Directors concerned abstaining from deliberations and voting on his/ 
her remuneration.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 113 ----
112
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
III REMUNERATION  (Cont’d)
 7.2 Remuneration Committee (Cont’d)
The level of remuneration for Non-Executive Directors generally reflects the effort, time spent and level of 
responsibilities undertaken. They are paid a basic fee as ordinary remuneration, a sum based on their respective 
responsibilities in Committees, meeting allowance and reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in the 
course of their duties.
The proposed Directors’ fees and benefits were tabled at the 6th AGM held in the year 2024 for the approval of the 
shareholders. The interested Directors and persons connected to the Director have abstained from deliberation and 
voting on the resolutions approving the Directors’ fees and Directors’ benefit at the 6th AGM and will continue this 
practice at the forthcoming 7th AGM.
In addition to the above, the Directors and CFO are provided with the Directors & Officers (“D&O”) insurance in 
respect of any liabilities arising from acts committed in their capacity as D&O of the Group.
8.0 Remuneration of Directors and Key Senior Management
8.1 Directors’ Remuneration
The Directors’ remuneration received from the Company and its subsidiary for the FY2024 is presented in the table 
below:
No Name Directorate
Company (‘000) Group (‘000)
Fee
Meeting Allowance
Salary
Bonus
Benefits-in-kind
Other emoluments
Total
Fee
Meeting Allowance
Salary
Bonus
Benefits-in-kind
Other emoluments
Total
1 Dato’ Seri Tan Eng 
Kee
Executive 
Director
96 - - - - - 96 96 - 1,035 398 28 173 1,730
2 Khor Lean Heng Executive 
Director
96 - - - - - 96 96 - 423 185 11 74 789
3 Dato’ Ooi Boon 
Chye
Independent 
Director
156 8 - - - - 164 156 8 - - - - 164
4 Dato’ Ooi Hooi 
Kiang
Independent 
Director
96 10 - - - - 106 96 10 - - - - 106
5 Dato’ Seri Wong 
Siew Hai
Independent 
Director
96 10 - - - - 106 96 10 - - - - 106
6 Dr. Michael Dominic 
Kirk
Independent 
Director
96 8 - - - - 104 96 8 - - - - 104
7 Dr. Kong Siew Mui Independent 
Director
74 7 - - - - 81 74 7 - - - - 81
8 Mariamah binti 
Daud
Independent 
Director
38 5 - - - - 43 38 5 - - - - 43
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 114 ----
113
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (Cont’d)
III REMUNERATION  (Cont’d)
8.2 Key Senior Management’s Remuneration
8.3 Disclosure of Detailed Remuneration (Step Up)
The Company do not intend to disclose detailed remuneration information for its Key Senior Management on a 
named basis and in the bands of RM50,000 as recommended by the MCCG, the Company is of the view that such 
information is confidential and sensitive nature, as well as considerations relating to retaining highly skilled talent 
in a competitive industry. Additionally, the Company is mindful of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010, which 
mandates obtaining written consent from Key Senior Management personnel for disclosing their personal data 
publicly. Factors such as sensitivity, security and staff morale are also taken into account when making decisions 
regarding the disclosure of remuneration details.
 
As an alternative, the Company disclosed the details of its top 9 Key Senior Management during the FY2024 on a 
Group basis as below:
Remuneration (Top 9 Key Senior Management) RM’000 
Salary and other emoluments ** 4,144
Statutory contributions by the Company 564
Benefits-in-kind 733
Total 5,441
** Including salary, bonus, LTIP and allowances chargeable to income tax
Key Senior Management performance is evaluated annually against the set targets, with remuneration packages 
reviewed and adjusted accordingly. Evaluations consider individual performance, contributions in the previous year 
and the Company’s overall performance. 
PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
I AUDIT COMMITTEE
9.0 Effective and Independent Audit Committee
9.1 Chairman of the Audit Committee
The Board has established an ARMC responsible for overseeing financial reporting, disclosure, internal controls, risk 
management and External Auditors performance.
The ARMC, which comprises solely of 4 INEDs is chaired by Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang, who is not the Board Chairman. 
This had ensured that the objectivity of the Board’s review of the ARMC’s findings and recommendations is not 
impaired. The ARMC members have the overall competence required to fulfil their duties based on the organisation 
and operations of the Group, at least 1 member of the ARMC is competent in respect of finance and audit.
The current ARMC composition is in compliance with Paragraph 15.10 of the MMLR and Practice 9.1 of the MCCG.
An overview of the membership, composition and summary of work carried out by the ARMC during FY2024 is set 
out in ARMC Report contained in this Annual Report.
 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 115 ----
114
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
I AUDIT COMMITTEE (Cont’d)
9.2 Former Key Audit Partner
The Practice 9.2 of the MCCG that required a former partner of the external audit firm and/or the affiliate firm 
(including those providing advisory services, tax consulting, etc.) to observe a cooling-off period of at least 3 years 
before appointed as a member of the ARMC has been adopted by the ARMC and incorporated in its TOR.
None of the ARMC members were former key audit partners of the Company’s existing auditing firm and in order to 
uphold the utmost independence, the Board has no intention to appoint any former key audit partner as a member 
of the ARMC.
9.3 Suitability, Objectivity and Independence of the External Auditors
The ARMC has adopted an External Auditors Assessment Policy for considering the appointment or re-appointment 
of External Auditors to ensure the objectivity, independence and effectiveness of the External Auditors. 
In FY2024, the ARMC had conducted an annual assessment of the suitability, objectivity and independence of the 
External Auditors, Messrs. BDO PLT (“BDO”), in respect of the work provided for FY2023. The previous lead audit 
partner rotated off the engagement following the conclusion of last year’s audit, marking the first year that the 
ARMC worked with the new lead audit partner, Mr. Rejeesh Balasubramaniam. The ARMC is satisfied with the 
performance, independence and objectivity of the External Auditors, as well as the fulfilment of criteria as set out in 
the External Auditors Assessment Policy.
In respect of the performance of the External Auditors, the ARMC also reviewed the Annual Transparency Report for 
measures taken by BDO to uphold audit quality and manage risks. 
The ARMC has taken the following steps to ensure the External Auditor’s independence is not impaired: 
• The External Auditors is precluded from undertaking internal audit services;
• Prior approval by the ARMC of non-audit services is required where the cost of the proposed service exceeds 
or is expected to exceed RM50,000; and
• The extent and nature of non-audit services are disclosed in the ARMC report contained in this Annual Report.
The ARMC has conducted an annual review of all the non-audit services provided by the affiliated firm of the External 
Auditors for the FY2024, as disclosed in this Annual Report and is satisfied that the nature and extent of such services 
will not prejudice the independence and objectivity of the External Auditors. In addition to the Group’s policy, the 
External Auditors run their own independence and compliance checks, prior to accepting any engagement, to 
ensure that all non-audit work is compliant with the relevant ethical standard in force and that there is no conflict of 
interest. Separation of BDO’s specialist teams also ensures that members of the audit team do not perform non-audit 
work for the Group.
The ARMC has also assessed and was satisfied with the competence and independence of the External Auditors and 
had recommended the re-appointment of the External Auditors for shareholders’ consideration at the forthcoming 
AGM.
The Board, on the recommendation of the ARMC, is of the view that the declaration of independence, integrity 
and objectivity made by the External Auditors in their audit report for each financial year under review is sufficient 
to serve as a written assurance from the External Auditors on their independence and integrity throughout the 
conduct of the audit engagement in accordance with the independence criteria as set out by Malaysian Institute of 
Accountants (“MIA”) By-Laws, has recommended their re-appointment as the External Auditors of the Company for 
the ensuing year, upon which the shareholders’ approval has been sought at the AGM.
9.4 Composition of the Audit Committee (Step Up)
The Company adopted Step Up Practice 9.4 of the MCCG of which the ARMC comprises solely of INEDs.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 116 ----
115
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
I AUDIT COMMITTEE (Cont’d)
9.5	 Qualification	of	the	Audit	Committee
All the members of the ARMC are suitably qualified and possess sufficient financial management expertise, have 
vast working experience with requisite skills and knowledge from various industries, as determined by the Board in 
its business judgement, to discharge their responsibilities as ARMC members. The Chairman of ARMC namely Dato’ 
Ooi Hooi Kiang is a member of the MIA.
All ARMC members are financially literate and has sufficient understanding of the Group’s business and matters 
under the purview of the ARMC including the financial reporting process. They are able to apply a critical view of 
the Company’s financial reporting process and information and to effectively challenge and direct probing questions 
to the Management on the Company’s financials to ascertain whether the financial reporting reflects the Company’s 
operations and performance. The ARMC stays informed about changes in accounting standards, MMLR and other 
relevant regulations through updates from Management, Company Secretaries, External and Internal Auditors.
The ARMC’s composition and performance are annually reviewed by the NC, with recommendation forwarded to 
the Board for approval.
All members of the ARMC have also undertaken and will continue to undertake continuous professional development 
to keep themselves abreast of relevant developments in accounting and auditing standards, practices and rules in 
discharging their duties effectively.
II RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK
10.0 Risk Management
10.1 Effective Risk Management and Internal Control Framework
The Board is responsible to ensure there is a sound framework for internal controls and risk management. The Board 
is also responsible for managing risks in order to limit potential adverse effects on the implementation of its strategy, 
its financial performance and the interests of shareholders.
The Board delegates oversight of the Group’s risk management processes and control environment to ARMC. The 
Board through the ERM Committee, monitors risk and internal control through comprehensive report tabling the 
current status, action taken and conclusion of the key risks identified. 
The Group has in place an ERM Framework which is aligned with ISO 31000:2018 Risk Management Standards. The 
ERM Framework enables the Group to identify the risks and address internal control to mitigate or eliminate the risk. 
These risks are prioritised based on risk appetite and risk tolerance levels that the Board has adopted. The Board 
conducts bi-yearly review of the Group’s risk exposure areas and internal control arrangements, addressing key risks 
at ARMC meeting while other risks are managed by respective department head and reported to the Board on an 
exceptional basis. Sustainability risks including climate change, environmental issues, health & safety, forced labour 
and corruption are also reported to the Board during the year. 
The Board has also been updated by the Management on the Group’s financial situation and continuously evaluating 
if the Group’s capital or liquidity are adequate in terms of business continuity.
The Management and the Internal Auditors, Sterling Business Alignment Consulting Sdn Bhd (“Sterling”) conduct 
reviews and audits on a regular basis to evaluate, test and verify the adequacy and effectiveness of internal control 
systems on key risks. Any material non-compliance or lapses in internal controls and its corresponding mitigating 
actions are reported to the ARMC. BDO has also highlighted internal control weaknesses which have come to their 
attention in the course of their statutory audit. All external and internal audit findings and recommendations were 
reported to the ARMC.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 117 ----
116
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
II RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK (Cont’d)
10.1 Effective Risk Management and Internal Control Framework (Cont’d)
In FY2024, the risk reports of the Group on strategic risks, financial risks, operational risks and compliance risks were 
presented to the ARMC, where internal controls and risk mitigation strategies were highlighted. Climate change-
related risks and opportunities assessment were performed to highlight and navigate the complexities of the climate 
impacts effectively. The Group has regularly provided ERM awareness sessions to the identified employees, focusing 
on the introduction of risk, the importance of risk management and ERM methodology.
Based on the ERM Framework established, ARMC reviews, work performed by the Internal and External Auditors, 
the Board, with ARMC concurrence, concludes that the internal controls and risk management systems in place were 
adequate and effective for FY2024.
 
10.2 Features of Risk Management and Internal Control Framework
The Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control in this Annual Report provides an overview of the risk 
management framework and internal control system within the Group.
10.3 Risk Management Committee (Step Up)
The function of the Risk Management Committee is currently assumed by the ARMC via the ERM Committee. ERM 
Committee has taken up the role to review the risk management framework half yearly.
The composition of ERM comprised of Executive Board, Risk Manager and cross functional management team. The 
ERM Committee, through CFO reports to ARMC during the ARMC meeting half yearly where the ARMC members 
reviewed the risk management framework and policies and risk report of the Group as presented to them.
11.0 Effective Governance, Risk Management and Internal Control Framework
11.1 Internal Audit Function
11.2 Internal Audit Effectiveness Review
The Internal Audit (“IA”) function of the Group is carried out by an outsourced professional service firm, namely 
Sterling.
The Internal Auditors perform their audit engagements according to the annual audit plan 2024 as approved by 
the ARMC. Throughout the engagement period, the Internal Auditors cover the conduct of the audit planning, 
execution, documentation, communication of findings, consultations and follow-up on the action items with key 
stakeholders on the audit concerns, with reference to the International Standards for the Professional Practice of 
Internal Auditing issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors.
The IA team have unfettered access to the Company’s documents, records, properties and personnel, including 
direct access to the ARMC.
The Internal Auditors has staffed the IA team with persons who possess the relevant qualifications and experience 
and use the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) Internal Control – 
Integrated Framework as a basis for evaluating the effectiveness of the internal control system.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 118 ----
117
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
II RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK (Cont’d)
11.2 Internal Audit Effectiveness Review (Cont’d)
During the FY2024, the ARMC had assessed and reviewed the adequacy of the scope, functions, resources, 
competency and independence of the Internal Auditors. Findings and related action plans from IA reviews and/or 
internal control assessments are reported to the Management; summary report including follow-up matters arising 
from previous cycle audit and its implementation of action plans, audit recommendations, where applicable, along 
with a conclusion statement on the opinion given for the scope of works performed are provided to the ARMC at 
every meeting. The ARMC is satisfied that the Internal Auditors have sufficient resources, staffed by suitably qualified 
and experienced personnel and have to the best of its ability, maintained its independence in carrying out the IA 
function.
 
An overview of the Group’s risk management and internal controls is set out in the Statement on Risk Management 
and Internal Control of this Annual Report. The Board concluded that the risk management and internal control 
framework of the Group is generally adequate and effective for FY2024.
PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS 
I ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS
12.0 Communication with Stakeholders
12.1 Effective, Transparent and Regular Communication with its Stakeholders
The Board is committed to provide timely, fair, meaningful and reliable disclosures to stakeholders and views the 
practice as integral to good corporate governance and forms an inseparable part of the Group’s operations and 
culture. As such, the Group maintains an effective communication policy and engagement with our partners, investors 
and members of the public to build trust, support and understanding between the Group and all our stakeholders.
The Group communicates with various stakeholders as follows:
Shareholders, investors, research analysts and media
The Group has in place Investor Relations (“IR”) Policy which outlines the Company’s approach toward the 
dissemination of material information, response to market rumours, unwarranted promotional activities, closed 
periods and restriction on insider trading with reference to Chapter 9 of the MMLR.
The Company currently handles its IR matter internally. The Company’s IR team is led by the Group CEO to facilitate 
effective communication with shareholders, prospective investors and financial community. Our Chief Executives 
supported by the Company’s IR function, hosted results presentation and addressing key investor concerns following 
publication of the Group’s quarterly and full year results. Investor relations activities such as meetings with fund 
managers and analysts are held at appropriate time to explain the strategy, performance and major developments 
of the Group.
Stakeholder discussions and concerns are regularly reported to the Board and Committees. Analyst reports are 
shared with the Board and the Board attends the AGM which gives individual shareholders the opportunity to 
engage directly with them and raise questions about the Company.
The Company’s corporate website serves as a resource centre from which the financial community can access 
information of the Group. In addition, the Company’s corporate website has a dedicated IR section containing 
stock information and all material information reported to the Bursa Securities, together with copies of annual and 
quarterly results announcements and trading updates. Contact details of the IR are also listed on the website to 
facilitate dialogue and queries from shareholders. Shareholders are also able to register for the Group’s news alert 
at the corporate website to receive the Company’s latest news and announcements via email.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 119 ----
118
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS 
(Cont’d)
I ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS (Cont’d)
12.1 Effective, Transparent and Regular Communication with its Stakeholders (Cont’d)
The Board reviews and approves material communications to investors, such as financial result announcements, 
Annual Reports and significant business events. The Annual Report remains a vital and convenient source of essential 
information for investors, shareholders and stakeholders. All Annual Reports of the Company are made available on 
the corporate website.
One of the most effective platforms for disseminating messages of the Company is the social media network. The 
growth in the direct followers of the Company’s social media platform ensured that communication was received by 
the intended target market.
Another key avenue of communication with its shareholders is the AGM, which provides a useful forum for 
shareholders to engage directly with the Directors. The External Auditors are also present at the AGM to answer any 
questions that the shareholders may ask.
Employees
The Group maintains open communication with employees through regular engagement events, town hall meetings 
and feedback mechanisms such as performance reviews and suggestion boxes. 
During the year, a group-wide employee survey was conducted to gauge satisfaction and engagement levels, with 
the outcome and workforce concerns reported to the Board through Management presentations and site visits. 
Other Stakeholders
The Board considers other stakeholder groups in its decision-making and interaction with key stakeholders is set out 
in the Company’s Sustainability Report.
12.2 Integrated Reporting
The Company has not yet adopted integrated reporting based on a globally recognised framework as outlined in the 
MCCG. However, the Board acknowledges the potential benefits of integrated reporting in enhancing information 
quality, transparency and accountability for investors.
 
The information disclosed in Annual Report 2024 provides a comprehensive overview of both financial and non-
financial aspects of the Group. It includes components such as Management Discussion and Analysis, Corporate 
Governance Overview Statement, Sustainability Report and SORMIC which are essential elements of integrated 
reporting.
 
The current Sustainability Report delves into the Group’s governance policies and stakeholder initiatives in detail.  
During the year, the Company has continued to enhance on our disclosure in the Climate Report, feeding into the 
scenario analysis, using the four key pillars of Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) with 
the goal to transition to IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards on climate related disclosures. These represent the 
Board’s commitment towards sustainability and a more comprehensive reporting at all time.
Recognising that integrated reporting is a progressive journey requiring collaboration across functions, the Company 
aims to gradually establish the necessary processes and systems to support its development towards integrated 
reporting. 
The Company would consider adopting integrated reporting if the Board opined that the benefits arising from the 
adoption of integrated reporting outweigh the related costs.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 120 ----
119
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS 
(Cont’d)
II CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS
13.0 Engagement with Shareholders
13.1 Notice of Annual General Meeting
The AGM of the Company serves as the principal forum which provides the opportunity for shareholders to raise 
concerns or questions. The Company conducted its 6 th AGM on a virtual basis through live streaming and online 
remote voting using Remote Participation and Voting facilities on 24 May 2024.
The Company served Notice of its 6th AGM together with explanatory notes or a circular on items of special business 
which furnished useful information regarding conduct of the AGM 28 days before the AGM, well in advance of the 
21-days requirements under the CA 2016 and 28-days requirements under MMLR. The additional time provide the 
shareholders sufficient time to consider the proposed resolutions that will be discussed and decided at the AGM. 
Where the shareholders are not able to attend the AGM, they may appoint proxies to attend, vote and ask question 
on their behalf.
The Company had commenced using electronic communications to transmit Annual Report and other documents 
such as the Notice of AGM to all shareholders by uploading such documents via the Bursa Securities’ website: https://
www.bursamalaysia.com and publishing on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com. The Shareholders 
of the Company received the Annual Report with an accompanying notice of AGM either electronically or hard copy 
by post depending on their preference.
The notice of AGM was also published in the nationally circulated daily newspaper within the mandatory period. The 
notice of AGM provides further explanation beyond the minimum contents stipulated in MMLR for the resolution 
proposed along with any background information and reports or recommendation that are relevant, where required 
and necessary, to enable shareholders to make an informed decision in exercising their voting rights.
13.2 Directors’ Participation at General Meetings
The general meeting serves as an avenue for the Chairman and the Board members to engage in two-way 
communication with shareholders where the shareholders are encouraged to participate in the question-and-answer 
session with the Board personally and exercise their right to vote on the proposed resolutions.
The Board regards its AGM or other general meetings as an opportunity to communicate directly with shareholders 
and endeavour to encourage shareholders to participate in these meetings. All members of the Board including the 
incoming new Director, Dr. Kong, the Company Secretary, External Auditors and the Senior Management attended 
the 6th AGM to engage directly with the shareholders.
During the 6th AGM, the CEO and CFO gave a detailed presentation of the Group’s business overview and financial 
performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
The Chairman provided appropriate and sufficient time and encouraged the shareholders to raise questions, express 
opinions and give suggestions about the issues throughout the entire meeting.
During 2024, there were no major contentious issues noted with shareholders/investors.
13.3 Voting
Pursuant to the MMLR, all listed companies are required to conduct poll voting for the resolutions put up at its 
general meeting effective from 1 July 2016.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 121 ----
120
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS 
(Cont’d)
II CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS (Cont’d)
13.3 Voting (Cont’d)
Poll voting more accurately and fairly reflects shareholders’ views by ensuring that every vote is recognised, in 
accordance with the principle of “one share one vote”. The practice thus enforces greater shareholder rights and 
allows shareholders who appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as their proxy to have their votes properly counted 
in the fulfilment of their voting rights.
The Company has leveraged the technology by conducting online poll voting for all the resolutions tabled at the 6th 
AGM held on 24 May 2024 for greater efficiency and accuracy. The Company has also provided a secure e-lodgement 
channel for shareholders to lodge form of proxy electronically for the 6th AGM.
An independent scrutineer for the poll voting process was appointed for the AGM to validate all the votes. The 
voting results and results of the voting were displayed on the screen before the closure of the AGM. Subsequently, 
the poll results were announced via Bursa LINK on the same day.
All resolutions at the 2024 AGM were successfully passed, with a significant 77.8% of the total number of issued 
shares of the Company voted, indicating high shareholder engagement.
13.4 Interaction with Shareholders in General Meetings
The AGM is a valuable opportunity for the Board to engage with shareholders directly. All shareholders are encouraged 
to participate in the AGM and pose questions in the period leading up to the AGM through the dedicated email 
address enquiry@greatech-group.com.
The CEO and CFO presented an overview of the Group’s business, reviewed the financial performance for the 
FY2023 and shared insights on strategy and current business activities respectively during the AGM.
To encourage engagement between the Directors and shareholders, shareholders were invited to submit questions 
before the AGM. During the AGM, shareholders also took the opportunity to raise questions via real time submission 
of typed texts on the agenda items of the AGM as well as on the current developments of the Group. The Chairman, 
CEO and CFO responded to all questions raised and provided clarification as required by shareholders.
In addition, written queries raised by the Minority Shareholders Watch Group were presented to shareholders during 
the 6th AGM together with the responses of the Company.
The Chairman of 6 th AGM ensured that sufficient opportunities were given to shareholders to raise questions and 
discuss matters pertaining to the Company’s affairs. Sufficient time was allocated for a Q&A session during the 6th 
AGM, fostering direct engagement between the Board and shareholders.
 
13.5 Minutes of the General Meeting
The Company’s AGM remains one of the most important platforms for communication and engagement between 
the Company and its shareholders, as it encompasses a two-way discussion on the Company’s achievements and 
performance in the past year and its plans and strategies for the near and long-term future.
The recording of the proceedings in the form of minutes reflects the mutual understanding, agreements as well as 
resolutions reached between the shareholders and Directors of the Company.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 122 ----
121
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS 
(Cont’d)
II CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS (Cont’d)
13.5 Minutes of the General Meeting (Cont’d)
The Minutes of 6th AGM detailing proceedings and issues or concerns raised by shareholders, and the responses by 
the Company were made available on the Company’s website: https://greatech-group.com within 30 business days 
after the conclusion of the 6 th AGM, to provide useful information to shareholders and investors especially for the 
shareholders who were unable to attend to keep track of the AGM.
This Statement is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of the Directors.
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 123 ----
122
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Audit and Risk Management Committee Report
The Board of Directors (“Board”) of Greatech Technology Berhad (“Greatech” or “Company”) is pleased to present the Audit 
and Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”) Report, providing insights into the ARMC’s functions for the Company and its 
subsidiaries (“Group”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 (“FY2024”).
INTRODUCTION
The ARMC was established by the Board of the Company on 20 August 2018. Its primary role is to assist the Board in discharging 
its statutory duties and responsibilities relating to the accounting and financial reporting practices of the Group. The ARMC also 
focuses on monitoring the management of risk and the system of internal control, overseeing the external and internal audit 
processes, ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory matters and addressing other specific matters delegated to the ARMC 
by the Board.
The ARMC operates under its Terms of Reference (“TOR”) which outlines its authority, duties and functions. The TOR is 
periodically assessed, reviewed and updated by the ARMC members to align with changes in regulatory requirements, direction 
or strategies of the Company. Any recommended changes are subject to the Board approval.
The TOR of the ARMC, which was updated in 26 November 2024, is accessible on the Company’s website: https://greatech-
group.com. 
COMPOSITION 
As of FY2024, the ARMC comprises four (4) members of the Board, all of whom are Independent Non-Executive Directors 
(“INEDs”), as follows:
Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang (Re-designation to Chairman with effect from (“w.e.f.”) 25 May 2024) -  Chairman/INED
Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai          -  Member/INED
Dr. Michael Dominic Kirk (Appointed as member of ARMC w.e.f. 25 May 2024)   -  Member/INED
Dr. Kong Siew Mui (Appointed as member of ARMC w.e.f. 25 May 2024)   -  Member/INED
The above composition aligns with Paragraphs 15.09(1) and (2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”) and Step-Up Practice 9.4 of the latest Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 
(“MCCG”), in achieving good corporate governance by having an Audit Committee solely composed of Independent Directors.
The Chairman of the ARMC, Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang is not the Chairman of the Board, which is in line with Practice 9.1 of the 
MCCG. Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang is a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“MIA”). As such, the composition of ARMC 
meets the requirement of Paragraph 15.09(1)(c)(i) of the MMLR, which mandates that at least one member of the ARMC must 
be a member of MIA.  
All ARMC members possess financial literacy and bring diverse backgrounds, experiences and knowledge in areas such as 
accountancy, finance, commercial activities, corporate services, mergers and acquisitions and investment. The Nominating 
Committee (“NC”) conducted a performance review of the ARMC members for FY2024 on 14 February 2025. Based on the 
review results, the NC expressed satisfaction that the ARMC and its members effectively discharged their functions, duties and 
responsibilities in accordance with the ARMC’s TOR. The ARMC has consistently supported the Board in upholding appropriate 
corporate governance standards within the Group.

---- Page 124 ----
123
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Audit and Risk Management Committee Report
MEETINGS
The ARMC held four (4) meetings during FY2024 and the attendance record of the ARMC is tabulated below:
Designation Directors Attendance
Chairman Dato’ Ooi Hooi Kiang 4/4
Puan Mariamah Binti Daud (Retired w.e.f. 24 May 2024) 2/2
Members Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai 4/4
Dr. Michael Dominic Kirk 2/2
Dr. Kong Siew Mui 2/2
The ARMC meetings were structured through the use of agendas and relevant meeting papers which were distributed to the 
ARMC ahead of scheduled meetings. These meetings were of sufficient duration to enable the ARMC to effectively address its 
agenda, allowing ample time for discussion on emerging issues. 
The ARMC meetings were conducted openly and constructively, fostering focused discussion, encouraging questions and 
accommodating expressions of differing opinions. The ARMC Chairman invited the Directors who are holding key positions, 
including the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Chief Operating Officer/Chief Project Officer, Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) 
and finance team to attend regular meetings. Additionally, other pertinent key personnels from the Group were also invited, as 
needed to provide deeper insights into key issues. 
The finance team presented unaudited quarterly financial statements and other financial reporting matters for the ARMC’s 
consideration and subsequent recommendation to the Board for approval, where necessary. The ARMC Chairman reported and 
highlighted key issues discussed at each ARMC meeting to the Board.
The ARMC Chairman invites the representatives from the Internal Auditors and External Auditors to assist in the ARMC’s 
discussions and consideration of the reports or any outstanding matters or specific issues that require the ARMC’s attention 
in relation to the internal and external audit reviews and improvement recommendations, and to answer questions raised by 
ARMC members.
Minutes of each ARMC meeting were duly noted by the Board, with the minutes being presented in subsequent Board meetings 
following the ARMC meeting, ensuring transparency and accountability in the governance process.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
ARMC has been entrusted by the Board with the governance and oversight responsibilities pertaining to internal control and risk 
management systems, as well as ensuring the integrity of financial reporting within the Group. Additionally, the ARMC is tasked 
with overseeing the Group’s internal audit function, managing the relationship with the Group’s External Auditor and reporting 
on its activities to shareholders.
ARMC deliberates the Summary of Internal Audit Reports and the External Auditors’ reports, encompassing financial, operational, 
governance, risk management and control matters during its meeting. The ARMC closely monitors the status of preventive and 
corrective actions for issues to ensure effective follow-up and resolution.
The system of internal control therefore provides only reasonable, not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss. 
The system of internal control does, however, provide reasonable assurance that potential issues can be identified promptly and 
appropriate remedial action taken.

---- Page 125 ----
124
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES
In line with its responsibilities outlined in its TOR, the ARMC discharged its functions and duties for FY2024 through the 
completion of the following activities: 
(I) FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND REPORTING
• reviewed the four (4) unaudited quarterly consolidated financial results, as well as the year-end financial statements 
of the Group. During the review, the CFO and Finance Manager were invited to present and address queries from the 
ARMC, focusing particularly on changes in the accounting policies and related disclosures, significant and unusual 
events identified during the audit, the going concern assumption, compliance with financial reporting standards and 
legal requirements, significant matters highlighted in the financial statements and significant judgements made by 
Management.
• recommended the financial results to the Board for consideration and approval after being satisfied with the 
clarification and justification provided by the Management.
• discussed with Management critical accounting principles and standards applied, emphasis on accounting estimates 
and deliberated on taxation issues that could impact the financial results.
• reviewed and approved Management’s assessment of the Group’s prospects and longer-term visibility as presented 
in the quarterly unaudited consolidated financial results and Annual Report.
• confirmed with Management and External Auditors that the Group’s and the Company’s audited financial statements 
were prepared in compliance with applicable Financial Reporting Standards.
• reported findings on the financial performance, Management’s performance and other significant matters to the 
Board for their consideration.
(II) OVERSIGHT OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS
• reviewed the external audit reports and assessed the auditor’s findings, along with Management’s responses, 
regarding the audit for FY2024. 
• reviewed and approved the External Auditors’ Audit Planning Memorandum for FY2024 outlining materiality, scope 
of work including audit risk areas, audit approach, audit focus area and timeline for interim review and year-end audit, 
as well as the audit fees at the meeting held on 22 November 2024. The ARMC considered and agreed the scope 
and materiality to be applied to the Group audit and its components. Key audit matters and the audit approach to 
these matters are discussed in the Independent Auditor’s Report of this Annual Report, which also highlights the 
other significant matters that the External Auditors drew to the ARMC’s attention. The ARMC also noted the External 
Auditors’ independence check and confirmation procedures carried out in the firm as well as no conflict of interest 
for rendering their non-audit services to the Group.
• reviewed non-audit fees and assessed the level of non-audit services provided by the External Auditors to ensure 
independence and absence of conflict of interest. The ARMC having considered the nature, scope and amount of 
non-audit fees, was satisfied that there was no conflict of interest and that the non-audit services would not impair 
the independence of the External Auditors. 
• discussed with External Auditors the applicability and the impact of new and revised accounting standards and 
financial reporting regimes issued by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board.
• held 2 private sessions with External Auditors on 21 February 2024 and 22 November 2024, facilitating discussions 
on key audit challenges without the presence of Executive Board members and Management. 
Audit and Risk Management Committee Report

---- Page 126 ----
125
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES (Cont’d)
(II) OVERSIGHT OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS (Cont’d)
• evaluated External Auditors’ suitability, objectivity and independence, considering technical competencies, audit 
quality and manpower resource sufficiency to perform the audit of the Group. The evaluation was performed with 
reference to the Annual Transparency Report issued by the audit firm. Also reviewed the reasonableness of the audit 
fees charged against the size and complexity of the Group.
• recommended to the Board the re-appointment of External Auditors to shareholders at the Annual General Meeting 
of the Company based on the evaluation of their performance and independence.
(III) OVERSIGHT OF INTERNAL AUDIT (“IA”)
• reviewed and approved the IA plan for FY2024, ensuring alignment with the Group’s strategic objectives and risks. 
The plan’s scope and areas of focus were thoroughly discussed and challenged to provide adequate coverage 
deemed appropriate by the ARMC. Make enquiries as to the Internal Auditors’ resources, expertise, professionalism 
and independence to meet planned audit activities across the Group.
• reviewed all IA reports issued by the Internal Auditors, acknowledging observations, recommendations and 
Management’s responses. 
• engaged in discussions during ARMC meetings on significant reported matters with Management and Internal 
Auditors to establish a common understanding of issues and Management’s commitment to enhancing the current 
system of internal control. Significant internal control matters were reported to the Board.
• reviewed the implementation status of corrective action resulting from audit recommendations, ensuring timely 
resolution of identified key risks and control lapses. The ARMC closely monitored the status of corrective actions until 
completion.
• evaluated the adequacy of the scope, functions, competency and performance of the IA function, assessing the 
comprehensiveness of its coverage across Group activities.
• held 2 private sessions with the Head of Internal Auditors on 20 May 2024 and 22 November 2024, provided Internal 
Auditors with a platform to candidly express any concerns, including those relating to their ability to perform work 
without restraint or interference. 
(IV) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
• reviewed and confirmed with the Management on a quarterly basis if any related party transaction or recurrent related 
party transaction entered by the Group which are required to be transacted at an arm’s length basis and on terms 
not more favourable than those generally available to the public and are in the best interest of the Group; are fair, 
reasonable and on normal commercial terms; and are not detrimental to the interests of the minority shareholders of 
the Company. 
(V) OVERSIGHT OF INTERNAL CONTROL AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
• reviewed and confirmed the accuracy of ARMC Meeting minutes.
• reviewed the impact of regulatory changes and ensured Company and Group compliance.
• reviewed and recommended the ARMC Report and Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control (“SORMIC”) 
to the Board for approval and inclusion in the Annual Report 2023.
Audit and Risk Management Committee Report

---- Page 127 ----
126
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES (Cont’d)
(VI) RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
• reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems implemented within the 
Group.
• received updates from the consultant, YNC Business Consulting Sdn Bhd:
i. on 21 February 2024, regarding their assessment of climate change-related risks and opportunities that 
may affect the organisation’s business operations. The assessment is pivotal for identifying and prioritising 
management actions within the loss prevention program, which may include strategic investments in resilience 
measures to navigate the complexities of climate impacts effectively.
ii. on 20 August 2024, regarding Enterprise Risk Management principal risk findings and the adoption of relevant 
corrective measures for identified risks.
(VII)	 Review	of	Conflict	of	Interest	(“COI”)	situations
An updated Conflict of Interest (“COI”) Policy which sets out the processes and disclosure obligations to assist the Directors 
and key senior management of the Group in identifying, disclosing and managing any potential, actual or perceived COI 
situation has been reviewed by the AC and adopted by the Board in August 2023.
In managing COI, the ARMC reviewed the COI situations on a quarterly basis. During the financial year under review, the 
ARMC reviewed all COI declarations/confirmations received from the Directors of the Company, and the measures taken 
to resolve, eliminate or mitigate such conflicts and recommended to the Board for approval.
Details on the potential COI situation together with the measures taken to address the potential COI, are disclosed below:
No
Nature and Extent of 
Interest of Director Nature of Potential COI Measures Taken to Address COI
1 Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee 
(“Dato’ Seri Tan”) – Executive 
Director, Senior Management 
and Major Shareholder of 
Greatech and holding a direct 
interest of 17.97% of voting 
shares in Manz AG through 
his personal investment.
A Director, Senior Management 
and Major Shareholder of 
the Company has invested 
in a direct interest of 17.97% 
of the voting shares in Manz 
AG through his personal 
investment.
The Manz group of companies 
(“Manz Group”), a developer 
of production solutions for 
lithium-ion batteries, electronic 
components and devices in 
the automotive & e-mobility, 
electronics, energy and battery 
manufacturing sectors.
Despite Dato’ Seri Tan’s direct interest in Manz AG, 
he is not involved in any circumstances that could 
present a COI with the Greatech concerning Manz 
AG and its relationship with Greatech, considering 
the differences in their product mix, customer base 
and geographical locations.
The ARMC members, having deliberated in the 
absence of Dato’ Seri Tan, concluded that: 
a) Although both Manz AG and Greatech are in 
the automation sector, they differ in product 
and customer mix and operate in separate 
geographical regions.
b) There is no other relationship except for 
having direct interest of 17.97% of the voting 
shares in Manz AG, as Dato’ Seri Tan do not 
hold any position of power in Management or 
Supervisory Board of Manz AG.
During FY2024, the ARMC was adequately resourced to fulfil its responsibilities effectively. The ARMC had access to all 
necessary information required to carry out its duties and possessed the authority to seek independent advice as needed. 
Additionally, the ARMC had the power to investigate any matter falling within its purview. This ensured that the ARMC 
could operate with autonomy and thoroughness in overseeing governance, risk management and internal control matters 
within the Group. 
Audit and Risk Management Committee Report

---- Page 128 ----
127
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Evaluation of the ARMC
The term of office and performance of the ARMC and each of its members are assessed annually by the NC. The NC reports 
the outcome of its assessment to the Board. For FY2024, the Board was satisfied that the ARMC has discharged its duties and 
responsibilities in accordance with the TOR of the ARMC.
Internal Audit (“IA”) Function 
The IA function of the Group is outsourced to assist the ARMC in fulfilling its duties and responsibilities. The role of the Internal 
Auditors is to provide independent assessment of the adequacy of the internal control system, ensuring compliance with 
policies and procedures, involvement in risk management, risk evaluation and recommendation of control activities. 
The Group has appointed Messrs. Sterling Business Alignment Consulting Sdn Bhd (“Sterling”) as its Internal Auditors since 
FY2019. Sterling, a professional firm, reports directly to the ARMC, providing the Board with reasonable assurance of adequacy 
of the IA function’s scope, functions and resources. 
During FY2024, the work conducted by the Internal Auditors included:
• preparation of the IA Plan based on the direction of the ARMC by taking into consideration the latest developments 
surrounding the business operating environment and the needs to address concerns arising from the current audits.
• reviewed the internal control system based on the approved IA Plan. Sterling has reviewed critical business processes, 
identified risks and internal control gaps, assessed the effectiveness and adequacy of the existing state of internal control 
of the Group and recommended possible improvements to the existing system of internal control.
• presentation of IA Reports incorporating the audit observations, recommendations and management action plans, for 
review and approval by the ARMC.
• conducting follow-ups on previously issued audit recommendations to ensure implementation of recommendations and 
management action plans.
• review of Enterprise Risk Management Report and regularly follows up the implementation of different risk management 
programs. 
• review of the sustainability data for the Annual Report of FY2023. 
The total costs incurred for maintaining the IA function of the Group for FY2024 was RM43,213 (FY2023: RM43,535).
 
The ARMC and Board expressed satisfaction with the performance of the Internal Auditors for FY2024 and have decided to 
continue outsourcing the IA function for greater independence and continuity.
This ARMC Report is issued in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.
Audit and Risk Management Committee Report

---- Page 129 ----
128
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
INTRODUCTION 
The Board of Directors (“Board”) is pleased to present the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control (“Statement”) 
of Greatech Technology Berhad (“Greatech” or “Company”), along with its subsidiaries (“Group”), for the financial year ended 
31 December 2024 (“FY2024”). This Statement is in line with Paragraph 15.26(b) of the Main Market Listing Requirements 
(“MMLR”) of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”) and Principle B of the Malaysian Code on Corporate 
Governance 2021 (“MCCG”), with guidance from the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for 
Directors of Listed Issuers. 
The Board recognises the importance of a robust risk management and internal control framework in achieving its objective and 
sustaining success. 
BOARD RESPONSIBILITY 
The Board acknowledges its overarching responsibility for establishing and maintaining a robust system of risk management and 
internal control, aimed at safeguarding shareholders’ interests and protecting the assets of the Group. 
The governance structure has been established by the Board to ensure the effective stewardship of risk management and 
internal control within the Group at all levels. This includes fraud risk, corruption risk and climate-related risks and opportunities. 
The Board is assisted by the Audit and Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”), which is empowered by its terms of reference 
to ensure independent oversight of internal control and risk management.
During 2024, the ARMC conducted reviews of internal controls based on internal audits performed by the Internal Auditors. All 
audit issues, recommendations and Management’s actions in response were deliberated thoroughly during the ARMC meetings, 
with minutes subsequently presented to the Board. The ARMC has also evaluated the effectiveness of controls and action plans 
to monitor, mitigate, and manage overall risk exposure across the Group.
The system of risk management and internal controls encompasses various aspects including financial, governance, risk 
management, strategy, organisational, operational, regulatory and compliance matters. Given the inherent limitations in the 
risk management and internal control system, such a system put into effect by the Board is designed to manage rather than 
eliminate risks that may impede the achievement of the Group’s business objectives. Therefore, such a system can only provide 
reasonable and not absolute assurance against any material misstatement or loss, contingencies, fraud or irregularities. The 
Board continuously enhanced and embed controls throughout the Group, by conducting half-yearly reviews of the effectiveness 
of the internal control and risk management framework to ensure its continued relevance and suitability.
MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY
The Management assists the Board in the implementation of the Group’s policies and procedures on risk management and 
internal control by identifying, evaluating, measuring, monitoring and reporting risks as well as any deficiencies and non-
compliance, with timely and proper remedial actions taken as and when required.
RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK 
The Board fully endorses the principles outlined in Practices 10.1 and 10.2 of the MCCG, emphasising the necessity of establishing 
an effective risk management and internal control framework and the disclosure thereof. In alignment with these principles, the 
Board has implemented an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) Framework within the Group, which is incorporated into the 
Risk Management Policy approved by the Board, and serves as an ongoing process to identify, assess, and manage principal 
risks and uncertainties faced by the Group. 
The ERM Framework operates as a holistic and structured process, effected top-down from the Board to Management and 
employees across the Group. It addresses uncertainties surrounding potential events that may affect the Group, determining 
appropriate control and monitoring measures. The framework is subject to continuous review and improvement, in response to 
changes in the risk profiles while remaining aligned with the Group’s overall business strategy.
The ERM Framework aims to align the processes, people and technology to manage risks in accordance with the Group’s risk 
appetite and tolerance, thus ensuring sustainable value to stakeholders while minimising surprises and optimising opportunities.
In this context, the ERM framework that the Company adopts consists of seven (7) elements, which is in line with globally 
accepted risk management standards:

---- Page 130 ----
129
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK (Cont’d)
Framework Element Description
Risk strategy and appetite Alignment/conscious decision to use risk management for the achievement of business 
decisions and strategic objectives
Risk governance Establish an approach to developing, supporting and embedding the risk strategies 
and accountabilities
Risk culture Embed values and behaviours that shape risk decisions
Risk assessment and measurement Identify, assess, categorise and measure risks across the Group
Risk management and monitoring Manage, mitigate and accept risks
Risk reporting and insight Report and conduct activities to provide insight on risk management, strengths and 
weaknesses
Data and technology Use risk and control information to improve performance
Recognising the pivotal role of ERM in achieving sustainable growth and optimising shareholder value, the Board has established 
an ARMC entirely composed of Independent Non-Executive Directors. The ARMC supports the Board in reviewing the risk 
management methodology, assessing the effectiveness of internal control systems, ensuring compliance with relevant legislation 
and regulations, and regularly evaluating the Group’s risk exposures. 
Risks are categorised according to strategic, operational, financial and compliance matters based on the Group’s business 
objectives. The Group has embedded the Corruption Risk Management (“CRM”) Framework into the ERM framework to address 
corruption risks effectively. Additionally, an Anti-Fraud Policy has been established to facilitate the development of controls, 
which will aid in the detection and prevention of fraud. It is the intent of the Company to promote consistent organisational 
behaviour by providing guidelines and assigning responsibilities for the development of controls and conduct of investigations.
The Board emphasises the integration of risk management into the Group’s culture and day-to-day operations, emphasising 
its application in decision-making and strategic planning. The Executive Risk Management Committee (“ERMC”), led by the 
Chief Project Officer (“CPO”) oversees the comprehensive implementation and maintenance of ERM Framework. Risks are 
systematically identified, evaluated, managed, monitored and reported, with key risk exposures and activities escalated to 
decision makers and, when necessary, to the Board. 
Although the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) has been replaced by Internation Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) Foundation’s new Sustainability Disclosure Standards (“SDS”) in 2024, the Board remain committed to 
integrating climate related risks and opportunities into the organisation’s overall ERM processes. The new guidelines, specifically 
IFRS S1 and IFRS S2, build upon the TCFD’s recommendations, providing a global baseline for climate-related disclosures. The 
Board will continue to take the key principles from TCFD into consideration as part of an ongoing, evolving project, ensuring 
that climate related factors remain a core component of our strategy for resilience and long term sustainability.

---- Page 131 ----
130
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Risk Management Oversight
The Group’s risk organisational structure as illustrated below is established for effective risk management:
Board of Directors
Audit and Risk Management Committee
Executive Risk Management Committee & Risk Coordinator
Outsourced Internal audit 3rd line of defense
Risk Oversight
2nd line of defense
Department
HOD
Department
HOD
Department
HOD
Department
HOD
Department
HOD
Day to day risk management
Employees 1st line of defense
Risk Management Process
The risk management framework establishes the context 
of risk in relation to the Group’s business and sets out the 
process for risk identification, assessment and management 
with continuous monitoring, review and communication. A 
risk template capturing all key risks identified with detailed 
assessments and respective mitigating controls to be 
implemented, or already implemented, is reviewed by the 
heads of business units and support units, to manage these 
risks.
The Group’s management assesses the likelihood and 
potential impact of identified risks on financial and non-
financial parameters, determining residual risk ratings 
and expected risk values for reporting and monitoring 
purposes. Emerging risks are also proactively addressed 
through regular risk reporting and reviewing processes, 
with designated risk owners monitoring risk evolution and 
developing mitigation plans. 
The Risk Manager coordinates the risk management system 
and summarises the critical risks identified in a risk report, 
which is then presented and reviewed half yearly by the 
ERMC and the Executive Directors. Internal risk reporting 
mechanism provides the Executive Directors and the 
Management with regular and detailed information on 
the current risk landscape. This allows decision-makers to 
stay informed about emerging risks, negative trends and 
potential threats to the Group. By having access to timely 
and accurate risk information, the Management can take 
proactive measures to address and mitigate risks before 
they escalate into significant issues. Risks are identified in 
sufficient time for countermeasures to be taken. The risk 
report is not only reviewed by the ERMC and the Executive 
Directors but also presented to and reviewed by the ARMC.
The ARMC also conducts thorough reviews of risk mitigation 
measures, assesses reported risks’ reasonableness and 
determines strategies to avoid similar risks in the future. 
Risk Appetite and Risk Parameter
The appropriate risk appetite and corresponding risk 
parameters of the Group are established by the Board via 
the ARMC. Integral to the ERM framework, risk appetite sets 
the tone for risk taking in general and provides direction in 
assessing whether the Group is operating within acceptable 
limits in achieving its strategic objectives.
Defined risk parameters, aligned to the Group’s risk 
appetite, provide a guide for consistent evaluation of risks 
and prioritise risk mitigation actions. Both financial and non-
financial risk parameters are reviewed by the Management 
and ERMC as the need arises, ensuring that the risk 
parameters reflect changes in risk appetite or circumstances 
in a fair and timely manner.
Based on the ERM Framework established, the Board is of 
the view that there is an ongoing risk management process 
to support the delivery of the Board’s strategy and manage 
the risk of failing to achieve the Group’s business objectives. 
The Board, with the ARMC’s concurrence, is satisfied that 
the risk management systems in place are adequate and 
effective throughout the financial year and up to the date of 
approval of the Annual Report. 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 132 ----
131
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION
The Group’s internal audit function is outsourced to an external independent professional consulting firm, Messrs. Sterling 
Business Alignment Consulting Sdn Bhd. The internal audit function reports administratively to the Chief Financial Officer 
(“CFO”) but functionally to the ARMC to maintain its objectivity. The firm is free from any relationships or conflicts of interest, 
which could impair its objectivity and independence of the internal audit function. The firm does not have any direct operational 
responsibility or authority over any of the activities audited. 
The ARMC relies on the independent assurance provided by the internal audit function regarding risk management and the 
system of internal control. The ARMC is of the opinion that the internal audit function is independent and adequately resourced 
to fulfil its duties effectively within the Group.
The internal auditors use the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) Internal Control 
– Integrated Framework as a basis for evaluating the effectiveness of the internal control systems. Their reviews, conducted 
according to the approved internal audit plan, focus on financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks. 
These reviews also address critical business processes and internal control gaps, recommending improvements to the internal 
control process. The internal audit plan is reviewed and approved by the ARMC to ensure the continued satisfactory operation 
of the system. 
During FY2024, the internal auditors conducted two (2) reviews and two (2) follow-up reviews for the following subsidiary of 
the Group, as per the risk-based internal audit plan approved by the ARMC. These reviews involve assessing the adequacy 
and effectiveness of internal controls through interviews, discussions with ERMC, review of policies and procedures and testing 
of internal controls on a sample basis. The outcomes of these internal audit reviews include action plans to address identified 
weaknesses, with enhancement opportunities reported to the ARMC, which in turn reports to the Board. The ARMC closely 
follows up on highlighted issues to ensure the implementation of recommended action by Management.
Audit for the period Reporting Month Name of Entity Audited Audited Areas
11stst Quarter Quarter
(January - March(January - March
2024)2024)
MayMay
20242024
Greatech Integration (M) Greatech Integration (M) 
Sdn BhdSdn Bhd
• Human Resources and Admin (“HRA”) and • Human Resources and Admin (“HRA”) and 
key social aspects of Environment, Social and key social aspects of Environment, Social and 
Governance (“ESG”) related to HRA DepartmentGovernance (“ESG”) related to HRA Department
• Facility Management and selected ESG related • Facility Management and selected ESG related 
to Facility Departmentto Facility Department
Follow up on:Follow up on:
• Supply Chain Management• Supply Chain Management
• Compliance Status Review on Free Industrial • Compliance Status Review on Free Industrial 
Zone / Licensed Manufacturing WarehouseZone / Licensed Manufacturing Warehouse
• Procurement• Procurement
• Finance and Accounts• Finance and Accounts
• Management Information System (“MIS”)• Management Information System (“MIS”)
33rdrd Quarter Quarter
(July - September(July - September
2024)2024)
NovemberNovember
20242024
Greatech Integration (M) Greatech Integration (M) 
Sdn BhdSdn Bhd
• Finance and Accounts• Finance and Accounts
• Regulatory and insurance administration matters• Regulatory and insurance administration matters
Follow up on:Follow up on:
• Facility Management• Facility Management
• Supply Chain Management• Supply Chain Management
• Compliance Status Review on Free Industrial • Compliance Status Review on Free Industrial 
Zone / Licensed Manufacturing WarehouseZone / Licensed Manufacturing Warehouse
• Procurement• Procurement
The results of the internal audit reviews, including any recommendations for improvement, were presented at the scheduled 
ARMC meetings. Follow-up audits were also conducted by the internal audit function to verify the implementation of corrective 
actions aimed at addressing the identified control gaps. Based on the internal audit reviews conducted during FY2024, no 
significant control deficiencies were found that would result in material losses, contingencies or uncertainties requiring separate 
disclosure in this Annual Report.
The total cost incurred for the internal audit function for FY2024 amounted to RM43,213.
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 133 ----
132
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK
The Board recognises that a sound system of internal control reduces, but not eliminates, the possibility of poor judgment 
in decision-making, human error, control processes being deliberately circumvented by employees, management overriding 
controls, and the occurrence of unforeseeable circumstances. 
The Group’s ERMC receives and reviews regular reports on key financial data, performance indicators and regulatory matters. 
This is to ensure that matters requiring the Board’s attention are highlighted for review, deliberation and decision making on 
a timely basis. The Board will approve the appropriate responses or amendments to the Group’s policies based on the latest 
regulatory requirements and updates. 
The internal control matters were reviewed and the Board is updated on significant control gaps, if any, for the Board’s attention 
and action. Issues relating to the business operations are also highlighted to the Board’s attention during Board meetings and 
any significant fluctuation or exceptional notes will be analysed and acted in a timely manner.
Other key elements of the Group’s internal control systems are as follows: 
a) Clearly defined Terms of Reference, authorities and responsibilities of the various Board Committees and Sub-Committees 
which include the ARMC, Nominating Committee, Remuneration Committee and Long-Term Incentive Plan Committee; 
b) Well-defined organisational structure with clear lines of authority and reporting, accountability and responsibilities of 
respective functions within the Group;
c) Regular risk report from principal risk owner to identify and address significant risk; 
d) Comprehensive planning, budgeting, reporting and monitoring of performance and forecast. Monthly reviews of business 
development, financial performance against budget, health and safety and capital expenditure proposals and all other 
aspects of business attended by Executive Directors and Management as appropriate;
e) Elements of internal control have been embedded and documented in the form of operating procedures and policies 
such as Code of Conduct & Ethics (“Code”), Remuneration Policy, Whistleblowing Policy, Conflict of Interest Policy and 
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (“ABAC”) Policy, which are continually reviewed and updated to reflect changes in the 
business environment. Accountability and responsibility for key processes have been established in standard operating 
procedures;
f) Declaration of Conflict of Interest and adherence to the Code by Directors and employees of the Group;
g) Regular reporting of operational and financial performance for review by the Executive Directors and/or the ARMC; 
h) Management meetings are conducted to review financial performance, health and safety, operational efficiency, quality 
performance, business development, capital expenditure proposals, risk assessment and all other aspects of business; 
i) The Group establishes a Performance Management System with core competencies assessment and key performance 
indicators to review and assess employees’ performance and competency;
j) The Group establishes a Code which sets out the principles and standards of business conduct and ethics of the Group in 
relation to integrity, responsibility and corporate social responsibility, apply to all Directors, Management and employees, 
on full-time or part-time employment with Greatech, and is to be read in conjunction with the Employee Handbook. The 
Code, last updated on 26 November 2024, is reviewed as and when necessary to remain relevant in addressing any ethical 
issues that may arise within the organisation.
All employees are required to acknowledge that they have read and understood the Code upon commencement of 
employment and subsequently on an annual basis; 
k) The Group establishes a Cyber Security Policy to ensure that access to information systems and confidential information 
is adequately controlled and monitored. The cyber security posture of the Group was further enhanced to improve data 
encryption practices and data backup solution in FY2024;
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 134 ----
133
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK (Cont’d)
Other key elements of the Group’s internal control systems are as follows: (Cont’d) 
l) The Group upholds a zero-tolerance stance towards bribery and corruption in any forms and is committed to conducting 
business with the highest standards of ethics and integrity. The Group adopted its ABAC Policy in line with the introduction 
of Section 17A of the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (Amendment) Act 2018. The Group has made it mandatory 
for all employees to read the ABAC Policy and undertake an annual online assessment test to gauge their understanding 
of the subject matter. The ABAC Policy is reviewed periodically and updated to reflect changes in the organisation and 
evolving best practices. The Policy was last revised on 23 February 2024.
In addition, the Group also establishes a Greatech Business Partner Anti-Corruption Policy where the Group requires its 
suppliers, contractors, integrators, business contacts, consultants, professional advisors, joint venture partners, freight 
forwarders, agents and any other parties with whom Greatech does business to act lawfully, ethically and with integrity 
at all times in carrying out their services and contractual obligations to Greatech or on Greatech’s behalf to a Greatech 
customer or any other third party. All business partners including consultants and contractors are required to acknowledge 
and comply with the Policy;
m) Undertaken an external review of the Group’s ABAC governance and adoption of group-wide Corruption Risk Management 
which is adaptable to ERM framework relevant to the prevention of bribery and corruption; 
n) The Group conducts a risk assessment of bribery and corruption existing controls and vulnerable areas to identify key gaps 
and improvement opportunities; 
o) The Group established a Whistleblowing Policy which outlines the Group’s commitment to allow, support and encourage 
employees and other stakeholders to report concerns in a responsible, transparent and confidential manner without 
being subject to victimisation or discriminatory treatment. These concerns entail any wrongdoings, malpractices or illegal 
activities within the Group;
p) The Group conducts quarterly results briefings following the release of its financial results and holds regular meetings to 
provide corporate updates to the investment and financial communities. These meetings provide an opportunity for fund 
managers, investment analysts and bankers to seek clarification from Senior Management;
q) The Group has established a Delegation of Authority (“DOA”) Policy to provide a well-defined framework of authority and 
accountability assigned and delegated to each approving authority within the organisation;
r) The Group manages its capital expenditure (“CAPEX”) by establishing annual CAPEX budget at the start of each financial 
year to track and assess actual CAPEX incurred against the set budget;
s) The Group is committed towards the well-being of its workforce by upholding high standards of occupational safety and 
health at all production areas and at all business premises. The Group upholds well-defined health and safety policies 
and procedures, and constantly raises awareness on health and safety through training initiatives. Regular building 
maintenance and physical checks on Group facilities are also performed at all offices and production areas to ensure the 
safety of employees and visitors. The Group establishes Safety, Health and Environment Policy which aims to achieve these 
goals;
t) The Group’s Sustainability Working Group (“SWG”), comprising of the CFO as officer in charge of sustainability related 
matters, a cross functional management team, and chaired by the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) was established in 
2019, to assist the Board in integrating essential ESG practices into the Group’s strategies. The SWG provides regular 
reports to the Board on the Group’s sustainability initiatives. These reports outline the holistic approach taken to identify 
and manage material sustainability matters, which constitute the Group’s ESG risks and opportunities;
u) The Group establishes a Business Continuity Policy and develops its Business Continuity Plan that outlines its strategy and 
best practices to safeguard the availability of Greatech Group’s essential services in the event of a business disruption, 
emergency or disaster. It provides guidance for mobilising the Crisis Management Team and implementing practical 
measures in response to an unexpected occurrence or unplanned event that affects the Group;
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 135 ----
134
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK (Cont’d)
Other key elements of the Group’s internal control systems are as follows: (Cont’d) 
v) The Group conducts the review of corporate policies regularly to ensure alignment with evolving regulatory standards, 
industry best practices and the Group’s strategic objectives. The comprehensive review of all the corporate policies was 
performed in 2024 and changes were approved by the Board on 26 November 2024;
w) Adoption of group-wide framework on corporate governance according to guidelines issued by the Securities Commission 
Malaysia on 28 April 2021.
The Group will continue to foster risk-awareness and internal control awareness in all decision making and manage all risks in 
a proactive and effective manner. This is to enable the Group to respond effectively to the changing business and competitive 
environment. 
ASSURANCE 
The Board regularly receives and reviews the reports on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control and 
is of the view that it is sound and adequate to safeguard the Group’s assets, the shareholders’ investments, the interests of 
customers, regulators, employees and other stakeholders. The role of the Management is to implement the Board’s policies and 
guidelines on risks and controls, to identify and evaluate the risks faced and to operate a suitable system of internal controls to 
manage these risks.
The Board has received assurance from the CEO, CPO and CFO that the Group’s system of risk management and internal 
control is operating adequately and effectively for the financial year under review and up to date as of this Statement. Taking 
this assurance into consideration and input from relevant parties like the internal audit function and feedback from the external 
auditors on any control failings, the Board is of the view that the system of risk management and internal control is adequate 
and operating effectively to achieve objectives and has not resulted in any material losses or contingencies that would require 
disclosure in the Group’s Annual Report. The Board remains committed towards establishing a robust system of risk management 
and internal control, where improvements are made as considered appropriate.
REVIEW OF THIS STATEMENT BY THE EXTERNAL AUDITORS 
As required under Paragraph 15.23 of the MMLR of Bursa Securities, the external auditors have reviewed this Statement on Risk 
Management and Internal Control for inclusion in this Annual Report. 
The review of this Statement by the external auditors was performed in accordance with the scope set out in Audit and Assurance 
Practice Guide (“AAPG”) 3, Guidance for Auditors on Engagements to Report on the Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control included in the Annual Report issued by Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“MIA”).
The external auditors have reported to the Board that nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that 
this Statement is inconsistent with their understanding of the processes adopted by the Board in reviewing the adequacy and 
integrity of the systems of risk management and internal controls of the Group, has not been prepared in accordance with 
the disclosures required by Paragraph 41 and 42 of the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for 
Directors of Listed Issuers, or is factually inaccurate.
CONCLUSION
The Board is of the view that the Group’s system of risk management and internal control is sound and adequate to safeguard 
shareholders’ investments and the Group’s assets. However, the Board is also cognisant of the fact that the Group’s system 
of risk management and internal controls practices must continuously evolve to meet the changing and challenging business 
environment. Therefore, the Board will, when necessary, put in place appropriate action plans to further enhance the Group’s 
system of risk management and internal controls.
This Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 136 ----
135
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Additional Compliance Information
1. AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES
The amount of audit and non-audit fees paid and payable for services rendered to the Company and the Group for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2024 (“FY2024”) by the Company’s external auditors, or a firm or corporation affiliated 
to the external auditors are as follows:
Group
RM
Company
RM
Audit Fees 174,000 67,000
Non-audit Fees* 116,000 23,000
Total 290,000 90,000
* The non-audit services rendered by external auditors and its affiliates mainly consist of fees payable for the review of 
the Sustainability Report, the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control, transfer pricing documentation 
and other compliance-related information.
2. MATERIAL CONTRACTS INVOLVING THE INTERESTS OF THE DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE WHO IS NOT A 
DIRECTOR AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
There were no material contracts entered into by the Company and its subsidiaries involving the interests of the Directors, 
Chief Executive who is not a Director and major shareholders, either still subsisting as at 31 December 2024 or entered 
into since the end of the previous financial year.
3. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (“LTIP”)
The LTIP of the Company comprising employees’ Share Option Plan (“SOP”) and Share Grant Plan (“SGP”), is governed 
by the By-Laws approved by the shareholders during the Company’s Extraordinary General Meeting held on 27 November 
2020.
The effective date of implementation of the LTIP is 11 January 2021, which will be in force for a period of five (5) years 
from 11 January 2021.
The details of LTIP are set out in Note 30 to the financial statements of this Annual Report.
i) SOP
During FY2024, the Company has no outstanding shares options offered to eligible employees.
ii) SGP
During FY2024, the Company have not granted any shares to eligible employees.
The information in relation to SGP as at 31 December 2024 is as follows: 
Total Number
Granted(a) 6,500,000
Bonus Issue 2,690,700
Lapsed(b) (1,367,100)
Vested (4,421,600)
Total shares outstanding as at 31 December 2024 3,402,000
Note:
 
(a) 84,000 ordinary shares were granted to the senior management of the Group as at 31 December 2024.
 
(b) The outstanding of 1,367,100 shares granted have lapsed due to shares were granted to employees who resigned 
subsequent to the grant date as at 31 December 2024.

---- Page 137 ----
136
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
The Board of Directors (“Board”) is responsible to ensure that the financial statements of Greatech Technology Berhad 
(“Company”) and its subsidiaries (“Group”) are properly drawn up in accordance with the requirements of the applicable 
approved Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (“MFRSs”), IFRS Accounting Standards (“IFRSs”), the provisions of the 
Companies Act 2016 (“CA 2016”) and the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. 
The Board is also responsible to ensure that the financial statements of the Group and the Company are prepared with reasonable 
accuracy from the accounting records of the Group and the Company so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs 
of the Group and the Company as at 31 December 2024, and of the results of their operations and cash flows for the financial 
year then ended.
The Group’s consolidated annual audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 (“FY2024”) are 
prepared in accordance with the applicable approved accounting standards in Malaysia and CA 2016. The Statement by the 
Directors according to Section 251(2) of the CA 2016 is set out in the section titled “Statement by Directors” of the Directors’ 
Report enclosed with the Group’s consolidated annual audited financial statements for FY2024.
In preparing the financial statements for FY2024, the Board has observed the following:
(i) all applicable approved accounting standards in Malaysia, such as MFRSs and IFRSs have been followed;
(ii) the Group and the Company have used appropriate accounting policies and consistently applied them;
(iii) reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates were made; and 
(iv) the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis as the Board has a reasonable expectation, having 
made enquiries, that the Group and the Company have adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the 
foreseeable future. 
The Board has ensured that the Group and the Company maintain proper accounting records which disclose with reasonable 
accuracy the financial position of the Group and the Company, and which enable them to ensure that the financial statements 
comply with regulatory requirements and applicable approved accounting standards in Malaysia.
The Board has also ensured that the quarterly reports and annual audited financial statements of the Group are submitted to 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad in a timely manner to keep the investing public informed of the Group’s latest performance 
and developments.
The Board has taken appropriate measures reasonably available to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and of the 
Company, and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. 
This Statement of Directors’ Responsibility in relation to the Financial Statements is issued in accordance with a resolution of 
the Board of Directors.
Statement of Directors’ Responsibility in relation to the 
Financial Statements

---- Page 138 ----
137
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Financial Statements05
Contents
138
145
145
146
151
153
Directors’ Report
Statement by Directors
Statutory Declaration
Independent Auditors’ Report to The Members
Statements of Financial Position
Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive 
Income
155
157
159
163
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
Statement of Changes in Equity
Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to The Financial Statements
Financial 
Statements


---- Page 139 ----
138
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
138
Directors’ Report
The Directors have pleasure in submitting their report and the audited financial statements of the Group and of the Company 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2024.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are mainly sale of 
automated equipment together with provision of parts and services. Further details of the subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 7 
to the financial statements. 
There have been no significant changes in the nature of these activities of the Company and its subsidiaries during the financial 
year.
RESULTS
 
Group
 RM 
Company
 RM 
Profit/(Loss) for the financial year  154,995,232  (633,104)
Attributable to:
Owners of the parent  154,995,232  (633,104)
DIVIDEND
No dividend has been paid, declared or proposed by the Company since the end of the previous financial year. The Directors 
do not recommend any payment of dividend for the current financial year. 
RESERVES AND PROVISIONS
Material transfers to or from reserves or provisions during the financial year include the following: 
 
Group and
 Company 
 RM
Ordinary shares issued pursuant to Share Grant Plan (‘SGP’)   (6,754,450)
SGP expenses 4,589,922
ISSUE OF SHARES AND DEBENTURES
During the financial year, the issued and fully paid-up ordinary shares of the Company was increased from 1,254,199,450 ordinary 
shares to 2,511,422,900 ordinary shares by way of issuance of 1,257,223,450 new ordinary shares pursuant to the following:
(a) bonus issue of 1,254,866,150 new ordinary shares on the basis of one (1) bonus share for every one (1) existing ordinary 
share held of 1,254,199,450 and 666,700 bonus shares for SGP vested prior to completing the bonus issue corporate 
exercise. The bonus shares were issued as fully paid, at nil consideration and without capitalisation of the reserves of the 
Company; and
(b) 2,357,300 new ordinary shares under the Share Grant Plan (‘SGP’) at weighted average share price of RM2.865.
The newly issued ordinary shares rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares of the Company. There were no 
other issuance of shares during the financial year.
The Company did not issue any debentures during the financial year.

---- Page 140 ----
139
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Directors’ Report
OPTIONS GRANTED OVER UNISSUED SHARES
At an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 27 November 2020, the shareholders of the Company approved the establishment 
of Long Term Incentive Plan (‘LTIP’) of up to 10% of the issued share capital of the Company which consist of Share Option Plan 
(“SOP”) and SGP , to eligible Executive Directors and employees of the Group. 
The SOP has lapsed in the previous financial year.
Salient features of the LTIP are as follows:
(a) The maximum number of shares which may be made available under the LTIP shall not in aggregate exceed ten percent 
(10%) of the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares, if any) at any point of time during 
the duration of the LTIP .
(b) The maximum number of shares to be awarded to an eligible person under the LTIP at any point of time in each LTIP Award 
shall be at the sole and absolute discretion of the LTIP Committee, and subject to the following conditions:
(i) not more than ten percent (10%) of the total number of issued shares of the Company made available under the 
Proposed LTIP shall be allocated to any eligible person who, either singly or collectively through persons connected 
with the eligible person, holds twenty percent (20%) or more of the total number of issued shares of the Company 
(excluding treasury shares, if any); and 
(ii) up to fifty percent (50%) of the total number of shares which may be made available under LTIP could be allocated, 
in aggregate, to the Executive Directors and senior management of the Company who are eligible persons.
(c) Any employee of the Group who fulfill the following conditions shall be eligible to participate in the LTIP as at the date of 
award, the employee:
(i) is at least eighteen (18) years of age and is not an undischarged bankrupt nor subject to any bankruptcy 
proceedings; 
(ii) is employed by the Group on a full-time basis or serving in a specific designation under an employment contract with 
the Group for a fixed duration and is on the payroll of any company within the Group and has not served a notice of 
resignation or received notice of termination;
(iii) must have been in employment of the Group for a period of at least six (6) months prior to the LTIP award date; and
(iv) is confirmed in writing as a full time employee of the Group prior to and up to the LTIP award date.
(d) The Executive Director of the Group shall be eligible to participate in the LTIP as at the date of award, the Executive 
Director: 
(i) is at least eighteen (18) years of age and is not an undischarged bankrupt nor subject to any bankruptcy proceedings; 
and
(ii) is appointed as an Executive Director of the Company or any company within the Group prior to and up to the LTIP 
award date.
(e) The shares to be issued upon vesting of SGP will not be subjected to any retention period or restriction on transfer.
(f) The shares to be allotted and issued upon vest of SGP will, upon such allotment and issuance, rank equally, in all respects 
with the existing shares in the Company, save and except that the new shares allotted and issued will not be entitled to 
any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other distributions.

---- Page 141 ----
140
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
OPTIONS GRANTED OVER UNISSUED SHARES (Cont’d)
Salient features of the LTIP are as follows: (Cont’d)
The following table illustrates the movement of shares under the SGP during the financial year:
[-----------------------------------Number of ordinary shares granted under SGP--------------------------------]
Date of grant
 Balance 
 as at 
 1.1.2024 
 Bonus 
 issue  Vested Forfeited*
 Outstanding 
 as at 
 31.12.2024 
17 January 2022  917,600  861,800  (816,400)  (146,600)  816,400 
26 January 2022  977,400  931,800  (874,200)  (156,000)  879,000 
24 November 2022  1,673,800  897,100  (666,700)  (197,600)  1,706,600 
 3,568,800  2,690,700  (2,357,300)  (500,200)  3,402,000 
* Due to resignation.
DIRECTORS
The Directors who have held office during the financial year and up to the date of this report are as follows:
Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee*
Khor Lean Heng* 
Datoʼ Ooi Hooi Kiang
Datoʼ Seri Wong Siew Hai
Dr. Michael Dominic Kirk
Dato’ Ooi Boon Chye
Dr. Kong Siew Mui
Mariamah binti Daud (Retired on 24 May 2024)
* These Directors of the Company are also the Directors in certain subsidiaries of the Company.
Directors’ Report

---- Page 142 ----
141
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
The Directors holding office at the end of the financial year and their beneficial interests in ordinary shares of the Company 
and of its related corporations during the financial year ended 31 December 2024 as recorded in the Register of Directors’ 
Shareholdings kept by the Company under Section 59 of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia were as follows:
[---------------------------------------------- Number of ordinary shares ------------------------------------------------]
 Balance 
 as at 
 1.1.2024 
 Bonus 
 Issue  SGP Bought Sold 
 Balance 
 as at 
 31.12.2024 
Shares in the Company
Direct interests:
Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee  4,936,300  4,936,300  0  0  0  9,872,600 
Khor Lean Heng  1,398,500  1,458,500  0  90,000  0  2,947,000 
Datoʼ Ooi Hooi Kiang  1,538,600  1,541,600  0  10,000  (7,000)  3,083,200 
Dato’ Ooi Boon Chye  207,900  257,900  0  250,000  0  715,800 
[---------------------------------------------- Number of ordinary shares ------------------------------------------------]
 Balance as 
at 
 1.1.2024 
 Bonus 
 issue  SGP  Bought  Sold 
Balance 
as at 
 31.12.2024 
Indirect interests:
Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee*#  767,901,000  724,404,700  15,700  0 (43,500,000)  1,448,821,400 
Datoʼ Seri Wong Siew Hai#  1,056,700  1,056,700  0  0  0  2,113,400 
* Deemed interest by virtue of shareholdings in GTECH Holdings Sdn. Bhd.
# Deemed interest by virtue of Section 59(11)(c) of the Companies Act 2016 held through children.
By virtue of Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee’s substantial interest in the shares of the Company, he is also deemed to have interest in the 
shares of all the subsidiaries to the extent that the Company has an interest.
DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS
Since the end of the previous financial year, none of the Directors have received or become entitled to receive any benefit (other 
than those benefits included in the aggregate amount of remuneration received and receivable by the Directors as shown in the 
financial statements)  by reason of a contract made by the Company or a related corporation with the Director or with a firm of 
which the Director is a member, or with a company in which the Director has a substantial financial interest, other than certain 
Directors who received remuneration from a subsidiary as Directors of the subsidiary.
There were no arrangements made during and at the end of the financial year, to which the Company is a party, which had the 
object of enabling the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or 
any other body corporate.
Directors’ Report

---- Page 143 ----
142
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The fees and other benefits of the Directors who held office during the financial year ended 31 December 2024 are as 
follows: 
Group
 RM 
 Company
 RM 
Fees  748,512  748,512 
Salaries  1,458,240  0 
Bonuses  583,083  0 
Others  295,417  48,000 
Benefits-in-kind  38,525  0 
 3,123,777  796,512 
INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE FOR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND AUDITORS
The Group and the Company effected Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance during the financial year to protect the Directors 
and Officers of the Group and of the Company against potential costs and liabilities arising from claims brought against the 
Directors and Officers. 
During the financial year, the total amount of insurance premium paid for the Directors and the Officers of the Group and of the 
Company were RM27,300.
There were no indemnity given to or insurance effected for the auditors of the Group and of the Company during the financial 
year.
OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION REGARDING THE GROUP AND THE COMPANY 
(I) AS AT THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR 
(a) Before the financial statements of the Group and of the Company were prepared, the Directors took reasonable 
steps:
(i) to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the making of 
provision for doubtful debts and had satisfied themselves that there are no known bad debts to be written off 
and that adequate provision had been made for doubtful debts; and
(ii) to ensure that any current assets other than debts, which were unlikely to realise their book values in the 
ordinary course of business had been written down to their estimated realisable values.
(b)  In the opinion of the Directors, the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company during the financial 
year have not been substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature.
(II) FROM THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR TO THE DATE OF THIS REPORT
(c) The Directors are not aware of any circumstances:
(i) which would necessitate the writing off of bad debts or render the amount of the provision for doubtful debts 
in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company inadequate to any material extent;
(ii) which would render the values attributed to current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company misleading; and
Directors’ Report

---- Page 144 ----
143
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION REGARDING THE GROUP AND THE COMPANY (Cont’d)
(II) FROM THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR TO THE DATE OF THIS REPORT (Cont’d)
(c) The Directors are not aware of any circumstances: (Cont’d)
(iii) which have arisen which would render adherence to the existing method of valuation of assets or liabilities of 
the Group and of the Company misleading or inappropriate.
(d) In the opinion of the Directors:
(i) there has not arisen any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely to affect substantially 
the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company for the financial year in which this report is 
made; and
(ii) no contingent or other liability has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable within the period 
of twelve (12) months after the end of the financial year which will or may affect the ability of the Group and of 
the Company to meet their obligations as and when they fall due.
(III) AS AT THE DATE OF THIS REPORT
(e) There are no charges on the assets of the Group and of the Company which have arisen since the end of the financial 
year to secure the liabilities of any other person.
(f) There are no contingent liabilities of the Group and of the Company which have arisen since the end of the financial 
year.
(g) The Directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt with in this report or the financial statements 
which would render any amount stated in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company misleading.
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD 
(a) On 27 January 2025, the Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, Greatech Mechatronics (M) Sdn. Bhd. in 
Malaysia for a cash consideration of RM100 comprising of 100 ordinary shares.
(b) On 28 February 2025, the Company has entered into a sales and purchase agreement with Mr. Martin Mucha acting in his 
capacity as insolvency administrator over the assets of Manz AG, to acquire 100% equity interest in Manz Slovakia S.R.O., 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Manz AG in Slovakia for a cash consideration of Euro 1,000,000 (equivalent to RM4,657,400).
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
The Directors regard GTECH Holdings Sdn. Bhd., a company incorporated in Malaysia as the ultimate holding company.
Directors’ Report

---- Page 145 ----
144
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
AUDITORS
The auditors, BDO PLT (201906000013 (LLP0018825-LCA) & AF 0206), have expressed their willingness to continue in office.
AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
Auditors’ remuneration of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 were as follows:
Group
 RM 
Company
 RM 
Statutory audit  290,978  67,000 
Other services  5,000  5,000
295,978 72,000
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.
Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee      Khor Lean Heng
Director        Director
Penang
25 April 2025
Directors’ Report

---- Page 146 ----
145
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
In the opinion of the Directors, the financial statements set out on pages 151 to 216 have been drawn up in accordance with 
Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, IFRS Accounting Standards and the provisions of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia 
so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2024 and of the 
financial performance and cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then ended.
On behalf of the Board,
Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee      Khor Lean Heng
Director        Director
Penang
25 April 2025
Statutory Declaration
I, Koay Lin Lin (CA 16631), being the officer primarily responsible for the financial management of Greatech Technology Berhad, 
do solemnly and sincerely declare that the financial statements set out on pages 151 to 216 are, to the best of my knowledge 
and belief, correct and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true and by virtue of the 
provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1960.
Subscribed  and  solemnly declared 
by the abovenamed at Georgetown 
in the State of Penang this 25 April 2025    Koay Lin Lin
        Chief Financial Officer
Before me,
Commissioner for Oaths
Statement By Directors

---- Page 147 ----
146
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Independent Auditors’ Report
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Greatech Technology Berhad, which comprise the statements of financial position 
as at 31 December 2024 of the Group and of the Company, and the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year 
then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, as set out on pages 151 
to 216.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the 
Company as at 31 December 2024, and of their financial performance and their cash flows for the financial year then ended in 
accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (‘MFRSs’), IFRS Accounting Standards and the requirements of the 
Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing 
(‘ISAs’). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Financial Statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence and Other Ethical Responsibilities
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and 
Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (‘By-Laws’) and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ 
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (‘IESBA Code’), and 
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code. 
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company for the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of 
the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole, in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters.
(a) Revenue recognition for construction contracts
Revenue from construction contracts during the financial year as disclosed in Note 25 to the financial statements amounted 
to RM660,464,124.
We determined this to be a key audit matter because it requires management to exercise significant judgements in 
determining the satisfaction of performance obligations as stated in the contracts with customers and costs in applying 
the input method to recognise revenue over time.
The Group estimates total contract costs in applying the input method to recognise revenue over time. In estimating  
the total costs to complete, the Group considers the completeness and accuracy of its costs estimation, including its 
obligations to contract variations and claims.
Audit response
Our audit procedures included the following:
(i) assessed estimated total costs to complete through inquiries with operational and financial personnel of the Group;
(ii) inspected documentation to support cost estimates made including contract variations;
To The Members Of Greatech Technology Berhad

---- Page 148 ----
147
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Independent Auditors’ Report
Key Audit Matters (Cont’d)
(a) Revenue recognition for construction contracts (Cont’d)
Audit response (Cont’d)
Our audit procedures included the following: (Cont’d)
(iii) compared contract budgets to actual outcomes to assess reliability of management budgeting process and controls; 
and
(iv) recomputed the results of the input method determined by management for revenue recognition based on verified 
actual costs incurred to-date and budgeted costs.
(b) Adequacy of provision for warranties
We refer to Note 22 to the financial statements on the provision for warranties which amounted RM14,962,426.
We determined this to be a key audit matter because it requires management to exercise significant judgements and 
estimates on the expectation of the level of repair and replacement as well as probability of claims in determining the 
provision for warranties.
Audit response
Our audit procedures included the following: 
(i) tested the relevant internal control in place on the completeness of warranty provision and assessed the valuation of 
provision;
(ii) evaluated the basis and assumptions underlying the basis of provisions by checking and verifying the inputs used to 
calculate the provisions, including interviewing project managers, sales managers and management;
(iii) assessed the level of historical warranty claims to determine whether the total provision for warranties held at 
year-end were sufficient to cover the expected warranty claims in light of known and expected cases and standard 
warranty periods provided; and
(iv) recomputed the provision for warranties based on the basis of provisions provided by the management.
(c) Impairment assessment of the carrying amount of goodwill
We refer to Note 9 to the financial statements on the carrying amount of goodwill arising on consolidation which amounted 
RM8,436,536.
We determined this to be a key audit matter because it requires significant judgements and estimates about the future 
results and key assumptions applied to cash flow projections of the cash generating units (‘CGU’) in determining the 
recoverable amount. These key assumptions include projected growth in future revenues and profit margins, as well as 
determining the appropriate pre-tax discount rate and growth rates.
Audit response
Our audit procedures included the following:
(i) compared cash flow projections against recent performance and historical accuracy of forecasts and assessed 
assumptions used in projections to available sources of data, where applicable;
(ii) evaluated the reasonableness of projected profit margins and growth rates by assessing evidence available to 
support these assumptions;
To The Members Of Greatech Technology Berhad

---- Page 149 ----
148
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Key Audit Matters (Cont’d)
(c) Impairment assessment of the carrying amount of goodwill (Cont’d)
Audit response (Cont’d)
Our audit procedures included the following: (Cont’d)
(iii) evaluated the reasonableness of the pre-tax discount rate used by management by comparing to market data as well 
as weighted average cost of capital of the industry and relevant risk factors; and
(iv) assessed and evaluated sensitivity analysis performed by management on the cash flow projections to evaluate the 
impact on the impairment assessment.
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to communicate in our report in respect of the audit of the financial 
statements of the Company.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditors’ Report Thereon 
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements of the Group and of the Company and our auditors’ 
report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements of 
the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are 
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that 
give a true and fair view in accordance with MFRSs, IFRS Accounting Standards, and the requirements of the Companies Act 
2016 in Malaysia. The Directors are also responsible for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable 
the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the Directors are responsible for assessing the ability 
of the Group and of the Company to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to 
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected 
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
Independent Auditors’ Report
To The Members Of Greatech Technology Berhad

---- Page 150 ----
149
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Cont’d)
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and ISAs, we exercise professional judgement 
and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
(a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
(b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal control of the Group 
and of the Company.
(c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Directors. 
(d) Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the ability of the Group and of the Company to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the financial statements of the 
Group and of the Company or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on 
the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the 
Group or the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
(e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, 
including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
(f) Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the 
entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the financial statements of the Group. We 
are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We 
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, 
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, 
and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit 
of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulations precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communications. 
Independent Auditors’ Report
To The Members Of Greatech Technology Berhad

---- Page 151 ----
150
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, we report that the subsidiaries of which we have 
not acted as auditors, are disclosed in Note 7 to the financial statements.
Other Matters
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies 
Act 2016 in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this 
report. 
BDO PLT      Rejeesh A/L Balasubramaniam
201906000013 (LLP0018825-LCA) & AF 0206  02895/08/2026 J
Chartered Accountants     Chartered Accountant
Penang
25 April 2025
Independent Auditors’ Report
To The Members Of Greatech Technology Berhad

---- Page 152 ----
151
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Statements of Financial Position
 Group  Company 
Note
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 5  387,223,803  343,603,051  0  0 
Right-of-use assets 6  98,555,565  100,403,868  0  0 
Investments in subsidiaries 7  0  0  84,390,214  79,800,292 
Intangible asset 8  1,809,654  2,483,442  0  0 
Goodwill on consolidation 9  8,436,536  9,222,927  0  0 
 496,025,558  455,713,288  84,390,214  79,800,292 
Current assets
Inventories 10  68,918,787  52,989,267  0  0 
Trade and other receivables 11  151,360,075  162,845,460  992,691  28,134,706 
Contract assets 12  162,457,440  137,956,545  0  0 
Derivative assets 13  0  261,900  0  0 
Current tax assets  682,854  682,920  70,300  48,231 
Short term funds 14  40,642,400  33,899,481  40,154,942  30,535,029 
Cash and bank balances 15  192,180,102  153,953,573  22,584,085  5,729,060 
 616,241,658  542,589,146  63,802,018  64,447,026 
TOTAL ASSETS  1,112,267,216  998,302,434  148,192,232  144,247,318 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity attributable to owners of the 
parent
Share capital 16  129,284,383  122,529,933  129,284,383  122,529,933 
Reserves 17  780,005,889  628,854,745  18,856,828  21,654,460 
TOTAL EQUITY  909,290,272  751,384,678  148,141,211  144,184,393 
As At 31 December 2024
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

---- Page 153 ----
152
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Note
 Group  Company 
2024
RM
2023
RM
2024
RM
2023
RM
LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings 18  11,716,650  12,816,654  0  0 
Lease liabilities 6  5,706,153  5,725,369  0  0 
Deferred tax liabilities 19  13,973,459  9,378,903  0  0 
Government grants 20  72,088  128,375  0  0 
 31,468,350  28,049,301  0  0 
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 21  85,709,804  120,105,046  51,021  62,925 
Contract liabilities 12  64,618,839  76,153,079  0  0 
Provision for warranties 22  14,962,426  16,289,127  0  0 
Borrowings 18  1,100,004  1,672,745  0  0 
Lease liabilities 6  1,837,495  1,652,358  0  0 
Government grants 20  56,287  132,592  0  0 
Derivative liabilities 13  0  78,250  0  0 
Current tax liabilities  3,223,739  2,785,258  0  0 
 171,508,594  218,868,455  51,021  62,925 
TOTAL LIABILITIES  202,976,944  246,917,756  51,021  62,925 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  1,112,267,216  998,302,434  148,192,232  144,247,318 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Statements of Financial Position
As At 31 December 2024

---- Page 154 ----
153
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024
Note
Group Company
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
RM
2023
 RM 
Revenue 25  752,373,319  658,749,531  0  0 
Cost of sales  (516,347,689)  (454,438,817)  0  0 
Gross profit  236,025,630  204,310,714  0  0 
Other income 26  14,394,353  27,753,552  2,028,530  3,470,287 
Net gain/(losses) on impairment of 
financial assets  3,490,857  (252,792)  0  0 
Administrative and marketing expenses  (73,336,364)  (65,050,138)  (2,634,401)  (1,946,298)
Finance costs 27  (1,016,465)  (693,355)  0  0 
Profit/(Loss) before tax  179,558,011  166,067,981  (605,871)  1,523,989 
Tax expense 28  (24,562,779)  (11,704,876)  (27,233)  (2,370)
Profit/(Loss) for the financial year  154,995,232  154,363,105  (633,104)  1,521,619 
Other comprehensive income
Item	that	may	be	reclassified	
subsequently	to	profit	or	loss
Foreign currency translations  (1,679,560)  (396,709)  0  0 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

---- Page 155 ----
154
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024
Note
Group Company
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
RM
2023
RM
Total other comprehensive loss for the 
financial year, net of tax  (1,679,560)  (396,709)  0  0 
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for 
the financial year  153,315,672  153,966,396  (633,104)  1,521,619 
Profit/(Loss) attributable to owners of the 
parent  154,995,232  154,363,105  (633,104)  1,521,619 
Total comprehensive income/(loss) 
attributable to owners of the parent  153,315,672  153,966,396  (633,104)  1,521,619 
Earnings per ordinary share attributable 
to owners of the parent:
Basic (sen) 31(a)  6.18 6.16
Diluted (sen) 31(b)  6.17 6.14
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

---- Page 156 ----
155
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Group Note
 Share 
 capital 
 RM 
 Exchange 
 translation 
 reserve 
 RM 
 
Reorganisation 
 debit reserve 
 RM 
 
Revaluation 
 reserve 
 RM 
 Share 
 grant 
 reserve 
 RM 
 Retained 
 earnings 
 RM 
 Total 
 equity 
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January 2024  122,529,933  (798,587)  (39,500,000)  24,722,051  8,158,874  636,272,407  751,384,678 
Profit for the financial year  0  0  0  0  0  154,995,232  154,995,232 
Foreign currency translations  0  (1,679,560)  0  0  0  0  (1,679,560)
Other comprehensive income, 
   net of tax  0  (1,679,560)  0  0  0  0  (1,679,560)
Total comprehensive income  0  (1,679,560)  0  0  0  154,995,232  153,315,672 
Realisation of revaluation surplus 17(c)  0  0  0  (601,231)  0  601,231  0 
Transactions with owners:
Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant
   to SGP 16  6,754,450  0  0  0  (6,754,450)  0  0 
SGP expenses 30  0  0  0  0  4,589,922  0  4,589,922 
Total transactions with owners  6,754,450  0  0  0  (2,164,528)  0  4,589,922 
Balance as at 31 December 2024  129,284,383  (2,478,147)  (39,500,000)  24,120,820  5,994,346  791,868,870  909,290,272 
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity 
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

---- Page 157 ----
156
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Group Note
Share 
capital 
RM 
Exchange 
translation 
reserve 
RM 
Reorganisation 
debit reserve 
RM 
Revaluation 
reserve 
RM 
Share 
options 
reserve 
RM 
 Share 
 grant 
reserve 
 RM 
 Retained 
 earnings 
 RM 
 Total 
 equity 
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January 2023 116,585,280  (401,878)  (39,500,000)  25,347,646 1,137,649 3,450,276 480,146,058 586,765,031 
Profit for the financial year  0  0  0  0  0  0 154,363,105 154,363,105 
Foreign currency translations  0  (396,709)  0  0  0  0  0 (396,709)
Other comprehensive income, 
net of tax  0  (396,709)  0  0  0  0  0 (396,709)
Total comprehensive income  0  (396,709)  0  0  0  0 154,363,105 153,966,396 
Realisation of revaluation 
surplus 17(c)  0  0  0  (625,595)  0  0 625,595  0 
Transactions with owners:
Issuance of ordinary shares 
pursuant to SGP 16 5,944,653  0  0  0  0 (5,944,653)  0  0 
SGP expenses 30  0  0  0  0  0 10,653,251  0 10,653,251 
Transfer of share options 
reserve to retained earnings 
upon lapse of SOP  0  0  0  0 (1,137,649)  0 1,137,649  0 
Total transactions with owners 5,944,653  0  0  0 (1,137,649) 4,708,598 1,137,649 10,653,251 
Balance as at 31 December 
2023 122,529,933  (798,587)  (39,500,000)  24,722,051  0 8,158,874 636,272,407 751,384,678 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity 
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024

---- Page 158 ----
157
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Company Note
 Share 
 capital 
 RM 
 Share 
 grant 
 reserve 
 RM 
Retained 
earnings 
RM 
 Total 
 equity 
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January 2024  122,529,933  8,158,874  13,495,586  144,184,393 
Loss for the financial year  0  0  (633,104)  (633,104)
Other comprehensive income, net of tax  0  0  0  0 
Total comprehensive loss  0  0  (633,104)  (633,104)
Transactions with owners:
Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to SGP 16  6,754,450  (6,754,450)  0  0 
SGP expenses 30  0  4,589,922  0  4,589,922 
Total transactions with owners  6,754,450  (2,164,528)  0  4,589,922 
Balance as at 31 December 2024  129,284,383  5,994,346  12,862,482  148,141,211 
Statement of Changes In Equity
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

---- Page 159 ----
158
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Company Note
Share 
capital 
 RM 
 Share 
 options 
 reserve 
 RM 
 Share 
 grant 
 reserve 
 RM 
 Retained 
  earnings 
 RM 
 Total 
 equity 
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January 2023  116,585,280  1,137,649  3,450,276  10,836,318  132,009,523 
Profit for the financial year  0  0  0  1,521,619  1,521,619 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax  0  0  0  0  0 
Total comprehensive income  0  0  0  1,521,619  1,521,619 
Transactions with owners:
Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to SGP 16  5,944,653  0  (5,944,653)  0  0 
SGP expenses 30  0  0  10,653,251  0  10,653,251 
Transfer of share options reserve to retained earnings 
upon lapse of  SOP
 0  (1,137,649)  0  1,137,649  0 
Total transactions with owners  5,944,653  (1,137,649)  4,708,598  1,137,649  10,653,251 
Balance as at 31 December 2023  122,529,933  0  8,158,874  13,495,586  144,184,393 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Statement of Changes In Equity
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024

---- Page 160 ----
159
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Statements of Cash Flows
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024
Note
Group  Company 
2024
RM
2023
RM
2024
RM
2023
RM
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING 
ACTIVITIES
Profit/(Loss) before tax  179,558,011  166,067,981  (605,871)  1,523,989 
Adjustments for:
Amortisation of government grant 20  (132,592)  (132,592)  0  0 
Amortisation of intangible asset 8  488,740  42,092  0  0 
Depreciation of:
- property, plant and equipment 5  18,405,664  12,870,035  0  0 
- right-of-use assets 6  3,900,140  2,541,094  0  0 
Fair value adjustment on derivatives 13(a)  183,650  (183,650)  0  0 
Gain on disposal of property, plant and 
equipment  (119,879)  (49,974)  0  0 
Gain on lease termination 6(f) 0  (187)  0  0 
Net impact on lease modification 6(f)  21,339  0  0  0 
Impairment losses on:
- contract assets 12(g)  53,454  375,825  0  0 
- trade receivables 11(h)  609,664  3,778,150  0  0 
Interest expense 27  1,016,465  693,355  0  0 
Interest income 26  (7,688,388)  (7,118,488)  (462,525)  (285,084)
Inventories written down 10(b)  196  694  0  0 
Property, plant and equipment written 
off  610  4,634  0  0 
Provision for warranties 22(b)  5,971,603  5,939,864  0  0 
Reversal of:
- impairment losses on trade receivables 11(h)  (3,778,150)  (1,363,715)  0  0 
- impairment losses on contract assets 12(g)  (375,825)  (2,537,468)  0  0 
- unused provision for warranties 22(b)  (7,298,304)  (16,402,654)  0  0 
Share grant expenses  4,589,922  10,653,251  0  0 
Unrealised (gain)/loss on foreign 
exchange, net  (2,598,535)  2,635,892  779,490  (24,705)
Operating profit/(loss) before changes in 
working capital carried forward  192,807,785  177,814,139  (288,906)  1,214,200 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

---- Page 161 ----
160
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
Note
Group  Company 
2024
RM
2023
RM
2024
RM
2023
RM
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING 
ACTIVITIES (Cont’d)
Operating profit/(loss) before changes in 
working capital brought forward  192,807,785  177,814,139  (288,906)  1,214,200 
Increase in inventories  (15,929,716)  (28,760,034)  0  0 
Decrease/(Increase) in trade and other 
receivables  19,476,976  (48,736,517)  27,142,015  (28,109,218)
(Increase)/Decrease in contract assets  (24,178,524)  57,812,548  0  0 
Decrease in trade and other payables  (39,956,364)  (1,507,025)  (11,904)  (63,344)
Decrease in contract liabilities  (11,534,240)  (166,844,997)  0  0 
Cash generated from/(used in)
operations  120,685,917  (10,221,886)  26,841,205  (26,958,362)
Interest paid  (595,126)  (603,117)  0  0 
Interest received  7,688,388  7,118,488  462,525  285,084 
Tax paid  (19,912,425)  (9,092,413)  (49,302)  (19,706)
Tax refunded  352,325  1,713,436  0  0 
Net cash from/(used in) operating 
activities  108,219,079  (11,085,492)  27,254,428  (26,692,984)
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Statements of Cash Flows
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024

---- Page 162 ----
161
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Note
Group  Company 
2024
RM
2023
RM
2024
RM
2023
RM
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING 
ACTIVITIES
Net cash outflow on acquisition of a 
subsidiary 7(c)  0  (2,338,753)  0  (5,086,500)
Additional investment in subsidiaries  0  0  0  (15,077,960)
Proceeds from disposal of property, 
plant and equipment  270,500  50,000  0  0 
Purchase of property, plant and 
equipment 5(e)  (55,369,043)  (122,614,026)  0  0 
Net cash used in investing activities  (55,098,543)  (124,902,779)  0  (20,164,460)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING 
ACTIVITIES
Payments of lease liabilities  (2,377,903)  (737,890)  0  0 
Repayments of term loans  (1,177,952)  (1,137,440)  0  0 
Net cash used in financing activities  (3,555,855)  (1,875,330)  0  0 
Net changes in cash and cash 
equivalents  49,564,681  (137,863,601)  27,254,428  (46,857,444)
Effects of exchange rate changes  (4,100,440)  (1,436,960)  (779,490)  24,705 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning 
of financial year  187,358,261  326,658,822  36,264,089  83,096,828 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of 
financial year 15(b)  232,822,502  187,358,261  62,739,027  36,264,089 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Statements of Cash Flows
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024

---- Page 163 ----
162
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
 Group 
 Lease 
 liabilities 
 (Note 6) 
 RM 
 Term 
 loans 
 (Note 18) 
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January 2024  7,377,727  13,994,606 
Cash flows  (2,377,903)  (1,177,952)
Non-cash flows
- addition of lease liabilities  991,566  0 
- effects of lease modification  1,586,269  0 
- accretion of interest  421,339  0 
- translation adjustment  (455,350)  0 
Balance as at 31 December 2024  7,543,648  12,816,654 
Balance as at 1 January 2023  3,561,264  15,016,662 
Cash flows  (737,890)  (1,137,440)
Non-cash flows
- acquisition of a subsidiary  4,252,634  115,509 
- addition of lease liabilities  72,752  0 
- effects of lease modification  11,024  0 
- lease termination  (3,584)  0 
- accretion of interest  90,238  0 
- translation adjustment  131,289  (125)
Balance as at 31 December 2023  7,377,727  13,994,606 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Statements of Cash Flows
For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2024

---- Page 164 ----
163
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements
31 December 2024
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
The Company is a public limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in Malaysia and is listed on the Main Market 
of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.
The registered office of the Company is located at Suite 18.05, MWE Plaza, No.8, Lebuh Farquhar, 10200 Georgetown, 
Penang. 
The principal place of business of the Company is located at Plot 287(A), Lengkok Kampung Jawa Satu, Bayan Lepas Free 
Industrial Zone, Phase 3, 11900 Bayan Lepas, Penang.
The ultimate holding company is GTECH Holdings Sdn. Bhd., a company incorporated in Malaysia.
The consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 comprise the Company and its 
subsidiaries. These financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia (‘RMʼ), which is also the functional currency of 
the Company.
The financial statements were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution by the Board of Directors on 25 April 
2025.
2. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities and details of the subsidiaries are set 
out in Note 7 to the financial statements.
There have been no significant changes in the nature of these activities of the Company and its subsidiaries during the 
financial year.
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION
The financial statements of the Group and of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Malaysian Financial 
Reporting Standards (‘MFRSsʼ), IFRS Accounting Standards and the provisions of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year except for the effects of adoption 
of new MFRSs and Amendments to MFRSs during the financial year. The new MFRSs and Amendments to MFRSs adopted 
during the financial year are disclosed in Note 35.1 to the financial statements.
The financial statements of the Group and of the Company have been prepared under the historical cost convention 
except as otherwise stated in the financial statements.
4. OPERATING SEGMENTS
Information about operating segments has not been reported separately as the Group’s revenue, profit or loss, assets 
and liabilities are mainly confined to a single operating segment, namely the sale of automated equipment together with 
provision of parts and services.
No provision of parts and services segment information is presented as the Chief Executive Officer (‘CEOʼ) views the 
Group as a single reportable segment.
The Group evaluates performance on the basis of profit or loss from operations before tax not including non-recurring 
losses.
(a) Geographical information
The manufacturing facilities of the Group are primarily based in Malaysia.
In presenting information on the basis of geographical areas, segment revenue is based on the geographical location 
from which the sale transactions originated.

---- Page 165 ----
164
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
4. OPERATING SEGMENTS (Cont’d)
(a) Geographical information (Cont’d)
Majority of the assets and liabilities of the Group are derived from Malaysia. Hence, no additional disclosure is made 
on geographical breakdown/details of the segment assets and liabilities of the Group.
Revenue information based on the geographical location of customers are as follows: 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Revenue from external customers
Germany  2,449,697  450,387 
India  39,291,872  81,730,582 
Ireland  28,384,250  2,913,472 
Lithuania  4,022,638  402,761 
Malaysia  162,749,004  58,737,834 
Netherlands  7,308,132  2,214,855 
Peopleʼs Republic of China  0  45,454 
Poland  3,195,650  0 
Singapore  858,363  1,027,170 
Switzerland  6,208,001  1,647,139 
Thailand  1,863,400  0 
United Kingdom  160,927  0 
United States of America  490,508,062  506,105,444 
Vietnam  5,373,323  3,474,433 
 752,373,319  658,749,531 
(b) Major customers
The following are major customers with revenue equal or more than ten percent (10%) of revenue of the Group:
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Customer A  414,494,311  410,572,543 
Customer B  *  81,730,582 
Customer C  89,884,395  * 
 504,378,706  492,303,125 
*Less than 10% 
Notes to The Financial Statements
31 December 2024

---- Page 166 ----
165
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Group
 Buildings, 
 at valuation 
 RM 
 Plant and 
 machinery 
 RM 
 Furniture, 
	fittings,	
	office	
 equipment 
 and 
 computer 
 system 
 RM 
 Motor 
 vehicles 
 RM 
 Electrical 
installation 
 RM 
 Tools and 
 equipment  
RM 
Renovation 
 RM 
 Construc- 
 tion in 
 progress 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
31 December 2024
At cost/At valuation
Balance as at 1 January 2024 122,750,000 51,872,441 39,261,376 4,572,077 3,974,644 4,092,538 4,503,944  150,274,951 381,301,971 
Additions  481,927 2,501,948 8,788,520 417,596 201,660 1,629,942  315,437  47,987,000 62,324,030 
Disposals  0  0  0 (378,900)  0 (124,000)  0  0  (502,900)
Written off  0  0  0 0  0 (2,360)  0  0  (2,360)
Reclassifications 132,388,854  0 31,110,000 0 22,269,000 12,494,097  0 (198,261,951)  0 
Translation adjustment  0 (195,259) (138,131) (29,095)  0  0  (110,319)  0  (472,804)
Balance as at 31 December 
2024 255,620,781 54,179,130 79,021,765 4,581,678 26,445,304 18,090,217 4,709,062  0 442,647,937 
Notes to The Financial Statements
31 December 2024

---- Page 167 ----
166
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
Group
 Buildings, 
 at valuation 
 RM 
 Plant and 
 machinery 
 RM 
 Furniture, 
	fittings,	
	office	
 equipment 
 and 
 computer 
 system 
 RM 
 Motor 
 vehicles 
 RM 
 Electrical 
installation 
 RM 
 Tools and 
 equipment  
RM 
Renovation 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
31 December 2024
Accumulated depreciation
Balance as at 1 January 2024  2,733,081  17,058,486  11,863,560  2,932,222  739,237  679,259  1,693,075  37,698,920 
Current charge  3,453,068  4,839,375  7,154,758  749,853  959,231  799,160  450,219  18,405,664 
Disposals  0  0  0  (327,762)  0  (24,517)  0  (352,279)
Written off  0  0  0  0  0  (1,750)  0  (1,750)
Translation adjustment  0  (128,788)  (122,152)  (20,043)  0  0  (55,438)  (326,421)
Balance as at 31 December 2024  6,186,149  21,769,073  18,896,166  3,334,270  1,698,468  1,452,152  2,087,856  55,424,134 
Carrying amount
Balance as at 31 December 2024  249,434,632  32,410,057  60,125,599  1,247,408  24,746,836  16,638,065  2,621,206  387,223,803 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 168 ----
167
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
31 December 2024
5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
Group
 Buildings, 
 at valuation 
 RM 
 Plant and 
 machinery 
 RM 
 Furniture, 
	fittings,	
	office	
 equipment 
 and 
 computer 
 system 
 RM 
 Motor 
 vehicles 
 RM 
 Electrical 
installation 
 RM 
 Tools and 
equipment  
RM 
Renovation 
 RM 
 Construc- 
 tion in 
 progress 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
31 December 2023
At cost/At valuation
Balance as at 1 January 2023  122,750,000  42,889,969  36,496 ,392  3,992,386  3,880,579  2,171,163  3,213,679  0   215,394,168 
Additions due to acquisition of a 
subsidiary  0  2,305,064  1,378,192  345,607  0  0  1,185,394  0  5,214,257 
Additions  0  6,679,900  1,546,284  453,767  94,065  1,922,57 2  101,200  150,274,951  161,072,739 
Disposals  0  0  0  (219,310)  0  0  0  0  (219,310)
Written off  0  0  (189,636)  0  0  (1,197)  0  0  (190,833)
Translation adjustment  0  (2,492)  30,144  (373)  0  0  3,671  0  30,950 
Balance as at 31 December 2023  122,750,000  51,872,441  39, 261,376  4,572,077  3,974,644  4,092,538  4,503,944   150,274,951  381,301,971 
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 169 ----
168
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
Group
 Buildings, 
 at valuation 
 RM 
 Plant and 
 machinery 
 RM 
 Furniture, 
	fittings,	
	office	
 equipment 
 and 
 computer 
 system 
 RM 
 Motor 
 vehicles 
 RM 
 Electrical 
installation 
 RM 
 Tools and 
equipment  
RM 
Renovation 
 RM 
 Construc- 
 tion in 
 progress 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
31 December 2023
Accumulated depreciation
Balance as at 1 January 2023  0  11,156,340  6,898,513  2,192 ,380  360,676  373,395  798,254  0  21,779,558 
Additions due to acquisition  
   of a subsidiary  0  1,430,293  1,273,878  188,926  0  0  559,032  0   3,452,129 
Current charge  2,733,081  4,473,399  3,872,639  770,406  378,561  306,453  335,496  0  12,870,035 
Disposal  0  0  0  (219,284)  0  0  0  0  (219,284)
Written off  0  0  (185,610)  0  0  (589)  0  0  (186,199)
Translation adjustment  0  (1,546)  4,140  (206)  0  0  293  0  2,681 
Balance as at 
   31 December 2023  2,733,081  17,058,486  11,863,56 0  2,932,222  739,237  679,259  1,693,075  0  37,69 8,920 
Carrying amount
Balance as at 
   31 December 2023  120,016,919  34,813,955  27,397, 816  1,639,855  3,235,407  3,413,279  2,810,869  15 0,274,951  343,603,051 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 170 ----
169
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
31 December 2024
5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
(a)  All items of property, plant and equipment are initially measured at cost. Cost includes expenditure that is directly 
attributable to the acquisition of the asset.
After initial recognition, property, plant and equipment except for buildings are stated at cost less any accumulated 
depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Buildings are stated at valuation, which is the fair value at the 
date of revaluation less any subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses. 
The surplus arising from revaluations is credited to shareholders’ equity as a revaluation reserve, net of deferred 
tax, if any, and any subsequent deficit is offset against such surplus to the extent of a previous increase for the same 
property. In all other cases, the deficit would be charged to profit or loss. For a revaluation increase subsequent to 
a revaluation deficit of the same asset, the surplus is recognised as income to the extent that it reverses the deficit 
previously recognised as an expense with the balance of increase credited to revaluation reserve.
Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of the assets to their residual values on a straight line basis 
over their estimated useful lives. The principal depreciation periods are as follows:
Buildings 30.4 - 50 years
Plant and machinery 10 years
Furniture, fittings, office equipment and computer system 3.3 - 10 years
Motor vehicles 5 years
Electrical installation 10 years
Tools and equipment 10 years
Renovation 10 years
Construction-in-progress represents building under construction and is stated at cost. Construction-in-progress is 
not depreciated until such time when the asset was available for use.
(b)  The buildings of the Group were last valued on 31 December 2022 by the Directors based on a valuation exercise 
carried out in December 2022 by an independent professional valuer using the open market value basis. 
Had the revalued assets been carried at historical cost less accumulated depreciation, the carrying amounts would 
have been:
Group
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Buildings  102,602,169  105,099,461 
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 171 ----
170
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Cont’d)
(c) The fair value of buildings (at valuation) of the Group are categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
(i) Level 3 fair value of buildings (at valuation) was determined by an external and independent property valuer, 
having appropriate recognised professional qualifications and recent experience in the location and category 
of property being valued. The fair value of buildings were derived using comparison/cost method.
The comparison/cost method of valuation entails separate valuations of the buildings to arrive at the 
market value of the subject property. Completed buildings are valued by reference to the current estimates 
on construction costs to erect equivalent buildings, taking into consideration of similar accommodation in 
term of  building differences, improvements and amenities, time element and other relevant characteristics. 
Appropriate adjustments are then made for the factors of obsolescences, optimisation and existing physical 
condition of the buildings. The estimated fair value would be higher if the estimated replacement cost is lower 
and vice versa. The significant unobservable input into this valuation method is adjustment factors to prices of 
comparable assets.
(ii) The fair value measurements of the buildings (at valuation) are based on the highest and best use which does 
not differ from their actual use.
(d) As at the end of the reporting period, building with a total carrying amount of RM65,078,592 (2023: RM66,439,297) 
of the Group has been charged to banks for credit facilities granted to the Group as disclosed in Note 18(c) to the 
financial statements.
(e) During the financial year, the Group made the following cash payments to purchase property, plant and equipment:
Group 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment  62,324,030  161,072,739 
Unpaid and included under other payables  (6,954,987)  (38,458,713)
Cash payments on purchase of property, plant and equipment  55,369,043  122,614,026 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 172 ----
171
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
31 December 2024
 6.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES
The Group as lessee
Right-of-use assets
Group
 Balance  
 as at 
1 January 
2024
 RM 
Additions 
 RM 
Depreciation 
 RM 
Effect of 
lease 
modification	
 RM 
Translation 
adjustment 
 RM 
Balance 
as at 31 
December 
2024
RM 
Carrying amount
Leasehold land, at valuation 92,609,288  0 (2,074,637)  0  0 90,534,651 
Hostels  105,488 147,894  (111,104)  2,408  0 144,686 
Motor vehicles  209,683  0  (81,100)  0 (13,241) 115,342 
Plant and machinery 1,472,702  0  (200,805)  0 (113,140) 1,158,757 
Rented premises  6,006,707 843,672 (1,432,494) 1,562,522 (378,278) 6,602,129 
100,403,868 991,566 (3,900,140) 1,564,930 (504,659) 98,555,565 
Group
Balance  
 as at 
1 January 
2023
 RM 
Acquisition 
 of a 
 subsidiary 
 (Note 7) 
 RM 
Additions 
 RM 
Depreciation 
 RM 
 Effect of 
 lease 
modification	
 RM 
 Lease 
termination 
 RM 
Translation 
adjustment 
 RM 
Balance
as at 31
December
2023
 RM 
Carrying amount
Leasehold land, at 
valuation 94,485,000  0  0  (1,875,712)  0  0  0  92,609,288 
Hostels  134,069  0  72,752  (108,960)  11,024  (3,397)  0  105,488 
Motor vehicles  0  217,178  0  (7,261)  0  0  (234)  209,683 
Plant and 
machinery  0  1,491,591  0  (17,275)  0  0  (1,614)  1,472,702 
Rented premises  3,323,248  3,087,109  0  (531,886)  0  0  128,236  6,006,707 
97,942,317 4,795,878  72,752  (2,541,094)  11,024  (3,397)  126,388 100,403,868 
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 173 ----
172
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
 6.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
The Group as lessee (Cont’d)
Lease liabilities
Group
 Balance 
 as at 
1 January
2024
 RM 
Additions 
 RM 
 Lease 
payments 
 RM 
Interest 
expense 
 RM 
Effects of 
lease 
modification	
RM 
Translation 
adjustment 
 RM 
Balance
as at 31
December
2024
 RM 
Carrying amount
Hostels  108,303 147,894  (116,731)  3,074  2,906  0  145,446 
Motor vehicles  149,244  0  (102,337)  6,792  0  (7,358)  46,341 
Plant and machinery  960,888  0  (458,840)  38,926  0  (58,037)  482,937 
Rented premises 6,159,292  843,672 (1,699,995) 372,547  1,583,363 (389,955) 6,868,924 
7,377,727  991,566 (2,377,903) 421,339  1,586,269 (455,350) 7,543,648 
Group
 Balance 
 as at 
1 January
2023
 RM 
Acquisition 
 of a 
 subsidiary 
 (Note 7) 
 RM 
Additions 
 RM 
Lease 
payments 
 RM 
Interest 
expense 
 RM 
Effects of 
lease 
modification	
 RM 
 Lease 
termination 
 RM 
Translation 
adjustment 
 RM 
Balance
as at 31
December
2023
RM 
Carrying 
amount
Hostels 135,311  0  72,752 (113,220)  6,020 11,024  (3,584)  0  108,303 
Motor 
vehicles  0  158,943  0  (10,452)  925  0  0  (172)  149,244 
Plant and 
machinery  0  997,040  0  (39,469)  4,395  0  0  (1,078)  960,888 
Rented 
premises 3,425,953 3,096,651  0 (574,749) 78,898  0  0 132,539 6,159,292 
3,561,264 4,252,634  72,752 (737,890) 90,238 11,024 (3,584) 131,289 7,377,727 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 174 ----
173
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
31 December 2024
 6.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
The Group as lessee (Cont’d)
Lease liabilities (Cont’d)
Group
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Represented by:
Current liabilities  1,837,495  1,652,358 
Non-current liabilities  5,706,153  5,725,369 
Total lease liabilities  7,543,648  7,377,727 
Lease liabilities owing to a financial institution  46,341  149,244 
Lease liabilities owing to non-financial institutions  7,497,307  7,228,483 
 7,543,648  7,377,727 
(a) The right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (i.e. the date the underlying asset is 
available for use) at cost initially. The cost of right-of-use assets comprise the initial amount of the lease liabilities, 
initial direct costs incurred adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date of the 
leases.
After initial recognition, right-of-use assets except for leasehold land are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and any accumulated impairment losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of the lease liabilities. Leasehold land 
is stated at valuation, which is the fair value at the date of revaluation less subsequent accumulated depreciation. 
The surplus arising from revaluations is credited to shareholdersʼ equity as a revaluation reserve, net of deferred 
tax, if any, and any subsequent deficit is offset against such surplus to the extent of a previous increase for the same 
property. In all other cases, the deficit would be charged to profit or loss. For a revaluation increase subsequent to 
a revaluation deficit of the same asset, the surplus is recognised as income to the extent that it reverses the deficit 
previously recognised as an expense with the balance of increase credited to revaluation reserve.
The right-of-use assets are depreciated from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the estimated 
useful lives of the right-of-use assets or the end of the lease term. The lease terms of right-of-use assets are as 
follows: 
Leasehold land 30.4 - 60 years
Hostels  2 years 
Motor vehicles  5 years 
Plant and machinery  10 years 
Rented premises  3 - 9 years 
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 175 ----
174
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
31 December 2024
6.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
(b) The leasehold land of the Group was last valued on 31 December 2022 by the Directors based on a valuation 
exercise carried out in December 2022 by an independent professional valuer using the open market value basis. 
Had the revalued assets been carried at historical cost less accumulated depreciation, the carrying amounts would 
have been: 
Group 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Leasehold land  72,202,975  73,801,162 
(c) The fair value of leasehold land (at valuation) of the Group are categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
(i) Level 3 fair value of leasehold land (at valuation) was determined by an external and independent property 
valuer, having appropriate recognised professional qualifications and recent experience in the location and 
category of property being valued. The fair value of leasehold land was derived using comparison method.
Under the comparison method of valuation, the leasehold land is valued by reference to transactions of 
similar lands in close proximity with adjustments made for differences in location, size and other relevant 
characteristics. The estimated fair value would be higher if the differential rate is lower and vice versa. The 
significant unobservable input into this valuation method is adjustment factors to prices of comparable assets.
(ii) The fair value measurements of the leasehold land (at valuation) are based on the highest and best use which 
does not differ from their actual use.
(d) As at the end of the reporting period, leasehold land with a total carrying amount of RM30,869,742 (2023: 
RM31,434,871) of the Group has been charged to banks as securities for credit facilities granted to the Group as 
disclosed in Note 18(c) to the financial statements.
(e) The Group has certain leases of warehouse and hostel with lease term of twelve (12) months or less, and certain 
low-value leases of office equipment of RM20,000 and below. The Group applies the ‘short-term leasesʼ and ‘lease 
of low-value assetsʼ exemptions for these leases.
(f) The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:
Group 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets 
(included in cost of sales )  2,185,741  1,984,672 
(included in administrative and marketing expenses)  1,714,399  556,422 
Expenses relating to short-term leases (included in cost of sales)  342,774  561,602 
Expenses relating to low-value assets (included in cost of sales)  93,563  113,846 
Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)  421,339  90,238 
Loss on lease modification 
(included in administrative and marketing expenses)  21,339  0 
Gain on lease termination (included in other income)  0  (187)
 4,779,155  3,306,593 
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 176 ----
175
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
31 December 2024
6.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
(g) The following are total cash outflows for leases as a lessee:
Group
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Included in net cash from operating activities:
Payment relating to short-term leases and low value assets  436,337  675,448 
Included in net cash from financing activities:
Payment of lease liabilities  2,377,903  737,890 
Total cash outflows for leases  2,814,240  1,413,338 
(h) The Group leases several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. These are used to maximise 
operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations
There are no potential future rental payments that are not included in the lease terms.
(i) Management exercises significant judgement in determining the incremental borrowing rates whenever the implicit 
rates of interest in a lease are not readily determinable as well as the lease terms. The incremental borrowing rates 
used are based on prevailing market borrowing rates over similar lease terms, of similar value as the right-of-use 
asset in a similar economic environment.  Lease terms are based on management expectations driven by prevailing 
market conditions and past experience in exercising similar renewal and termination options.
(j) Information on financial risks of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.
7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
Company
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
At cost
Unquoted equity shares  60,664,460  60,664,460 
Equity contributions in a subsidiary in respect of SOP and SGP  23,725,754  19,135,832 
 84,390,214  79,800,292 
(a) Investments in subsidiaries, which are eliminated on consolidation, are stated in the separate financial statements of 
the Company at cost less impairment losses, if any.
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 177 ----
176
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Cont’d)
(b) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows:
Name of company
Country of 
incorporation/ 
Principal place 
of business
Effective interest in 
equity
Principal activities2024 2023
Greatech Integration 
(M) Sdn.Bhd.
 Malaysia 100% 100% Designing and manufacturing of single 
automated equipment, production line system 
and provision of related components and 
engineering services.
Greatech Integration 
(Ireland) Limited*
 Ireland 100% 100% Development, design and precision 
engineering of custom automated equipment.
Subsidiaries of Greatech Integration (M) Sdn. Bhd.
Greatech Integration
(Shanghai) Limited*
Peopleʼs
Republic of 
China
100% 100% Wholesale, import and export, commission 
agency (except for auction) and related 
supporting services in automation equipment 
and accessories, machinery and equipment, 
electromechanical equipment, hardware 
and electrical equipment, and electric tools. 
Engaged in technical development, technical 
consultation, technology transfer and technical 
services in the field of automation technology. 
Business information consulting. # Currently, it 
has not commenced operations.
Greatech Integration 
(USA) Inc.^
United States 
of America
100% 100% Design, development and production of 
system, machinery and equipment and related 
components and engineering services.
GT Integration 
(Philippines) Inc. *
Philippines 100% 100% To act as a design support center for holding 
company, an automation solution provider for 
all kinds of automated products ranging from 
single automated machines to production 
line systems; to hire qualified professionals to 
provide such designs, drawings and plans; to 
procure parts and components for machines 
and equipment; to commission and install 
machine and equipments for its holding 
company. Currently, it has not commenced 
operations.
Greatech Integration 
(S) Pte. Ltd.*
Singapore 100% 0% To act as an engineering design and consultancy 
centre for all kinds of automated products.
* Subsidiaries not audited by BDO PLT, Malaysia or BDO member firms.
# Approved projects according to law, approved by relevant departments before carrying out business activities.
^ Subsidiary not required to be audited in the country of incorporation.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 178 ----
177
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Cont’d)
(c) Acquisition of a subsidiary
In the previous financial year, the Company acquired 10 ordinary shares, representing 100% equity interest in 
Greatech Integration (Ireland) Limited ("GII") for a total consideration of Euro 1,000,000 (equivalent to RM5,086,500) 
settled in cash and cash equivalents.
Fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired and the effects on cash flows arising from the acquisition 
were as follows:
Recognised
value on
acquisition
 RM 
Property, plant and equipment  1,762,128 
Right-of-use assets  4,795,878 
Intangible asset  2,525,534 
Inventories  2,261,590 
Trade and other receivables  6,885,539 
Current tax assets  633,986 
Cash and cash equivalents  2,747,747 
Trade and other payables  (15,422,883)
Contract liabilities  (5,642,109)
Deferred tax liabilities  (315,694)
Term loans  (115,509)
Lease liabilities  (4,252,634)
Total identifiable net liabilities  (4,136,427)
Purchase consideration settled by way of cash and cash equivalents  5,086,500 
Fair value of identifiable net liabilities  4,136,427 
Goodwill on consolidation (Note 9)  9,222,927 
Purchase consideration settled by way of cash and cash equivalents  5,086,500 
Cash and cash equivalents of a subsidiary acquired  (2,747,747)
Net cash outflow of the Group on acquisition  2,338,753 
If the acquisition occurred on 1 January 2023, the management estimates that the consolidated revenue and 
profit after tax of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 would have been RM681,245,937 and 
RM143,546,704 respectively.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 179 ----
178
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Cont’d)
(d) During the financial year, a subsidiary of the Company, Greatech Integration (M) Sdn. Bhd. incorporated a wholly-
owned subsidiary, Greatech Integration (S) Pte. Ltd. ("GISG") in Singapore for a total consideration of SGD 1 
(equivalent to RM3.50) comprising of 1 ordinary share settled in cash and cash equivalents.
The subsidiary further invested in the capital of GISG by way of subscribing 9,999 ordinary shares for a total 
consideration of SGD 9,999 (equivalent to RM33,114) which was satisfied by way of cash and cash equivalents.
(e) In the previous financial year, the Company further invested in the capital of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Greatech 
Integration (M) Sdn. Bhd. by way of subscribing 9,000,000 ordinary shares at RM1 for a total consideration of 
RM9,000,000, which was satisfied by way of cash and cash equivalents.
(f) In the previous financial year, the Company further invested in the capital of its wholly-owned subsidiary, GII by 
way of subscribing 960,000 ordinary shares at Euro 1.25 for a total consideration of Euro 1,200,000 (equivalent to 
RM6,077,960), which was satisfied by way of cash and cash equivalents.
8. INTANGIBLE ASSET
Customer relationships
Group
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Cost
Balance as at 1 January  2,525,534  0 
Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 7(c))  0  2,525,534 
Exchange differences  (185,048)  0 
Balance as at 31 December  2,340,486  2,525,534 
Accumulated amortisation
Balance as at 1 January  42,092  0 
Amortisation  488,740  42,092 
Balance as at 31 December  530,832  42,092 
Carrying amount
Balance as at 31 December  1,809,654  2,483,442 
(a) Customer relationships acquired in a business combination are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Customer relationships represent the relationships established with its customers through continuous contracts 
which give rise to contractual rights.
(b) Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of the assets to its residual value on a straight line basis over its 
estimated useful lives. The principal amortisation period is as follows:
Customer relationships 5 years
The residual values, useful lives and amortisation methods are reviewed at the end of each reporting period.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 180 ----
179
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
9. GOODWILL ON CONSOLIDATION
 
Group
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January  9,222,927  0 
Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 7(c))  0  9,222,927 
Exchange differences  (786,391)  0 
Balance as at 31 December  8,436,536  9,222,927 
(a) Goodwill is initially measured at cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated 
impairment losses, if any.
(b) Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition of foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities 
of the foreign operations and are recorded in the functional currency of the foreign operations and translated in 
accordance with the accounting policies for foreign currencies.
(c) Impairment test for goodwill with indefinite useful life.
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated from the acquisition date, to each of the cash-generating 
unit ("CGU") of the Group that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis by comparing the carrying amount with the recoverable amount. 
The recoverable amounts of CGUs is determined based on value-in-use calculations using cash flows projections 
from the financial budgets and forecasts approved by management covering a period of five (5) years. Cash flows 
beyond the five (5) year period are extrapolated assuming zero growth rate.
Key assumptions on which management has based its cash flow projections are as follows:
(i) the anticipated annual revenue growth rate are determined based on the industry trends and past performance 
of the CGU;
(ii) the pre-tax discount rates which are the weighted average cost of capital adjusted for specific risks relating to 
relevant segments. The average discount rates used is 15.00% (2023: 15.50%); and
(iii) the exchange rate used to translate foreign currencies transactions into the other segment's functional currency 
is based on the exchange rates obtained immediately before the forecast year. Values assigned are consistent 
with external sources of information.
Based on the annual impairment testing undertaken by the Group, no impairment loss was required for the carrying 
amount of goodwill assessed as at 31 December 2024 as its recoverable amount was in excess of its carrying amount. 
Management believes that there is no reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which management has 
based its determination of the CGU's recoverable amount, which would cause CGU's carrying amount to materially 
exceed its recoverable amount.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 181 ----
180
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
10. INVENTORIES
 
Group
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
At cost
Raw materials  63,938,742  9,689,150 
Work-in-progress  3,860,037  43,295,338 
Finished goods  355,586  4,081 
Goods in transit  764,230  0 
At net realisable value
Raw materials  192  698 
 68,918,787  52,989,267 
(a) Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out 
formula. The cost of inventories comprises all costs of purchase plus the cost of bringing the inventories to their 
present location and condition.
(b) As at the end of each reporting period, the following are the amounts recognised in cost of sales: 
Group 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Cost of inventories  339,921,637  296,300,513 
Inventories written down  196  694 
The Group writes down its slow moving inventories whenever there are events that indicate the carrying amounts 
could not be recovered (eg. percentage of write down based on ageing of inventories). During the financial year, the 
Group had written down inventories amounted to RM196 (2023: RM694).
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 182 ----
181
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
11. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
 Group  Company 
2024
RM
2023
 RM 
2024
RM
2023
RM
Trade receivables
Third parties  137,506,906  132,803,044  0  0 
Less: Impairment losses  (609,664)  (3,778,150)  0  0 
Total trade receivables  136,897,242  129,024,894  0  0 
Other receivables
Other receivables  61,052  1,099,413  3,180  3,680 
Deposits  702,899  631,932  1,000  1,000 
Amount owing by a subsidiary  0  0  964,084  28,105,479 
Total other receivables  763,951  1,731,345  968,264  28,110,159 
Total receivables  137,661,193  130,756,239  968,264  28,110,159 
Prepayments  13,698,882  32,089,221  24,427  24,547 
Total trade and other receivables  151,360,075  162,845,460  992,691  28,134,706 
(a) Total receivables are classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost.
(b) Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and the normal trade credit terms granted by the Group ranged from 
30 to 90 days (2023: 30 to 90 days). They are recognised at their original invoice amounts which represent their fair 
values on initial recognition.
(c) During the financial year, non-trade portion of an amount owing by a subsidiary is  unsecured, bears interest rates 
ranging between 5.20% to 5.50% (2023: 5.50%) and payable within next twelve (12) months or upon demand in cash 
and cash equivalents.
(d) Included in prepayments of the Group are advance payments made to suppliers which amounted to RM12,999,085 
(2023: RM31,144,378). 
(e) The currency exposure profile of trade and other receivables are as follows:
 
Group Company
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Ringgit Malaysia 24,483,398  40,328,393  28,607  28,134,706 
United States Dollar 101,570,544  114,119,787  0  0 
Euro  25,109,546  8,397,280  964,084  0 
Japanese yen  125,402  0  0  0 
Singapore dollar  71,185  0  0  0 
 151,360,075  162,845,460  992,691  28,134,706 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 183 ----
182
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
11. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont’d)
(f) Impairment for trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are recognised based on the 
simplified approach using the lifetime expected credit losses (‘ECLʼ).
The Group uses an allowance matrix to measure the ECL of trade receivables from monthly aging based on common 
credit risk characteristic - the days past due.
During this process, the probability of non-payment by the trade receivables is adjusted by forward-looking 
information (Export Unit Value Indices, USA inflation rate and Ireland GDP growth rate) and multiplied by the 
amount of the expected loss arising from default to determine the lifetime ECL for the trade receivables. For trade 
receivables, which are reported net, such impairments are recorded in a separate impairment account with the loss 
being recognised in the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. On confirmation that the trade 
receivable would not be collectable, the gross carrying value of the asset would be written off against the associated 
impairment.
Individual assessment of impairment of trade receivables are separately assessed when it is probable that cash due 
will not be received in full.
The Group considers receivables to be in default when the receivables are more than twelve (12) months past due 
and there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.
(g) The ageing analysis and impairment losses for trade receivables of the Group are as follows: 
Group
Gross
 carrying 
 amount 
 RM 
 Lifetime
 ECL 
 allowance 
 RM 
Net
 carrying 
 amount 
 RM 
31 December 2024
Current - not past due  109,568,672  (70,386)  109,498,286 
1 to 30 days past due  26,939,715  (84,551)  26,855,164 
31 to 60 days past due  425,585  (3,516)  422,069 
61 to 90 days past due  37,982  (2,703)  35,279 
More than 90 days past due  534,952  (448,508)  86,444 
Total  137,506,906  (609,664)  136,897,242 
31 December 2023
Current - not past due  60,282,796  (198,440)  60,084,356 
1 to 30 days past due  3,284,156  (51,931)  3,232,225 
31 to 60 days past due  30,018,940  (1,319,881)  28,699,059 
61 to 90 days past due  345,898  (15,043)  330,855 
More than 90 days past due  38,871,254  (2,192,855)  36,678,399 
Total  132,803,044  (3,778,150)  129,024,894 
During the financial year, the Group did not renegotiate the terms of any trade receivables.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 184 ----
183
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
11. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Cont’d)
(h) Movements in the impairment losses for trade receivables are as follows:
Group
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January  3,778,150  1,363,715 
Reversal of impairment losses  (3,778,150)  (1,363,715)
Charge for the financial year  609,664  3,778,150 
Balance as at 31 December  609,664  3,778,150 
(i) Impairment for other receivables are recognised based on the general approach within MFRS 9 Financial Instruments 
using the forward-looking ECL model. The methodology used to determine the amount of the impairment is based 
on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial asset. The Group 
defined significant increase in credit risk when there are changes in contractual terms and delay in payment. The 
Group considered the qualitative and quantitative information that are reasonable, including historical experience 
and observable forward-looking information without undue cost or efforts. At the end of the reporting period, the 
Group assesses whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk for financial assets by comparing the risk 
of default occurring over the expected life with the risk of default since initial recognition. For those in which the 
credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition of the financial asset, twelve (12) months ECL along 
with gross interest income are recognised. For those in which credit risk has increased significantly, lifetime ECL 
along with the gross interest income are recognised. For those that are determined to be credit impaired, lifetime 
ECL along with interest income on a net basis are recognised. 
Credit impaired refers to individually determined receivables who is in significant financial difficulties and has 
defaulted on payments to be impaired as at the end of the reporting period.
No expected credit loss is recognised arising from other receivables as it is negligible.
(j) Information on financial risks of trade and other receivables is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.
12. CONTRACT ASSETS/(CONTRACT LIABILITIES)
 
Group
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Contract assets
Construction contracts  162,510,894  138,332,370 
Less: Impairment losses  (53,454)  (375,825)
 162,457,440  137,956,545 
Contract liabilities
Construction contracts  (58,291,462)  (73,169,234)
Deferred revenue  (6,327,377)  (2,983,845)
 (64,618,839)  (76,153,079)
 97,838,601  61,803,466 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 185 ----
184
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
12. CONTRACT ASSETS/(CONTRACT LIABILITIES) (Cont’d)
(a) Contract assets and contract liabilities represent the timing differences in revenue recognition and the milestone 
billings. The milestone billings are structured and/or negotiated with customers to reflect physical completion of the 
contracts.
Contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights to economic benefits become unconditional. 
This usually occurs when the Group issues billing to the customer. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when 
performance obligations are satisfied.
(b) Contract assets/(contract liabilities) from construction contracts are as follows:
Group 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Aggregate costs incurred to date  306,087,777  292,051,167 
Add: Attributable profits  155,229,599  167,210,081 
Less: Impairment losses  (53,454)  (375,825)
 461,263,922  458,885,423 
Less: Progress billings  (357,097,944)  (394,098,112)
 104,165,978  64,787,311 
Represented by:
Contract assets  162,457,440  137,956,545 
Contract liabilities  (58,291,462)  (73,169,234)
 104,165,978  64,787,311 
(c) The amount of RM73,169,234 (2023: RM236,688,535) recognised in contract liabilities at the beginning of the 
respective financial years have been recognised as revenue for the financial years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 
December 2023.
(d) Contract assets have increased as the satisfaction of performance obligations of the Group is ahead than the agreed 
billing schedules.
Contract liabilities for construction contracts have decreased due to the negotiation of smaller prepayments from 
customers.
(e) Revenue expected to be recognised in the future relating to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially 
unsatisfied) at the end of the reporting period, are as follows: 
Group
 2024 
 RM 
 2025 
 RM 
 2026 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
31 December  2024  0  722,581,025  32,837,609  755,418,634 
31 December 2023  752,742,169  108,082,667  0  860,824,836 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 186 ----
185
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
12. CONTRACT ASSETS/(CONTRACT LIABILITIES) (Cont’d)
(f) Impairment for contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component are recognised based on 
simplified approach using the lifetime ECL as disclosed in Note 11(e) to the financial statements.
The lifetime ECL allowance for contract assets are as follows:
Group
 Gross 
 carrying 
 amount 
 RM 
 Lifetime 
 ECL 
 allowance 
 RM 
 Net 
 carrying 
 amount 
 RM 
31 December 2024
Current  162,510,894  (53,454)  162,457,440 
31 December 2023
Current  138,332,370  (375,825)  137,956,545 
(g) Movements in the impairment losses on contract assets are as follows:
 Group 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January  375,825  2,537,468 
Reversal of impairment losses  (375,825)  (2,537,468)
Charge for the financial year  53,454  375,825 
Balance as at 31 December  53,454  375,825 
13. DERIVATIVE ASSETS/(DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES) (2023 ONLY)
 Group 
 2023 
 Contracts 
 amount 
 RM 
 Asset 
 RM 
 Liability 
 RM 
Financial	asset	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss
Forward foreign exchange contracts  27,273,500  261,900  (78,250)
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 187 ----
186
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
13. DERIVATIVE ASSETS/(DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES) (2023 ONLY) (Cont’d)
(a) The fair value adjustments on derivative instruments are as follows:
Group
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Fair value changes in derivatives  (183,650)  183,650 
(b) Derivative of the Group are categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. There is no transfer between levels in 
the hierarchy during the financial year.
(c) Forward foreign exchange contracts are valued using a valuation technique with market observable inputs. The 
derivatives arising from the forward currency contracts are stated at fair value using the prevailing market rate. The 
fair value changes are attributable to changes in foreign exchange spot and forward rate.
14. SHORT TERM FUNDS
 Group  Company 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
RM
2023
RM
Financial asset at fair value through 
profit	or	loss
Short term funds in Malaysia (Note 15(b))  40,642,400  33,899,481  40,154,942  30,535,029 
(a) Short term funds are mainly designated to manage free cash flows and optimise working capital so as to provide a 
steady stream of income returns. It is an integral part of the overall cash management.
(b) Short term funds are investments in money market fund which are readily convertible to a known amount of cash 
and subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
(c) The currency exposure profile of short term funds are as follows:
 Group  Company 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Ringgit Malaysia  40,228,669  33,491,182  40,154,942  30,535,029 
United States Dollar  413,731  408,299  0  0 
 40,642,400  33,899,481  40,154,942  30,535,029 
(d) Short term funds of the Group and of the Company are categorised as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. There is 
no transfer between levels in the hierarchy during the financial year.
(e) Information on financial risks of short term funds is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 188 ----
187
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
15. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
 Group  Company 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Cash and bank balances  192,180,102  153,953,573  22,584,085  5,729,060 
(a) The currency exposure profile of cash and bank balances are as follows:
 Group  Company 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Ringgit Malaysia  39,951,744  36,571,265  5,179,408  3,616,798 
United States Dollar  125,315,234  108,663,370  0  0 
Euro  23,924,483  5,548,759  17,404,677  2,112,262 
Japanese Yen  1,481,852  3,039,752  0  0 
Singapore Dollar  1,398,083  5,048  0  0 
Chinese Renminbi  71,885  76,314  0  0 
Philippine Peso  36,821  49,065  0  0 
 192,180,102  153,953,573  22,584,085  5,729,060 
(b) For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise the following as at the end of 
the reporting period:
 Group  Company 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Cash and bank balances  192,180,102  153,953,573  22,584,085  5,729,060 
Short term funds (Note 14)  40,642,400  33,899,481  40,154,942  30,535,029 
 232,822,502  187,853,054  62,739,027  36,264,089 
Less:
Bank overdraft (Note 18)  0  (494,793)  0  0 
 232,822,502  187,358,261  62,739,027  36,264,089 
(c) No expected credit losses were recognised arising from the cash and bank balances because the probability of 
default by these financial institutions were negligible.
(d) Information on financial risks of cash and bank balances is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 189 ----
188
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
16. SHARE CAPITAL
Group and Company
2024 2023
 Number of 
 ordinary 
 shares 
 Amount 
 RM 
 Number of 
 ordinary 
 shares 
 Amount 
 RM 
Issued and fully paid-up ordinary shares 
with no par value:
Balance as at 1 January  1,254,199,450  122,529,933  1,252,837,250  116,585,280 
Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to:
- Bonus issue  1,254,866,150  0  0  0 
- SGP vested  2,357,300  6,754,450  1,362,200  5,944,653 
Balance as at 31 December  2,511,422,900  129,284,383  1,254,199,450  122,529,933 
(a) Owners of the parent are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company and are entitled to 
one (1) vote per ordinary share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank pari passu with regard to the 
residual assets of the Company.
(b) During the financial year, the issued and fully paid-up ordinary shares of the Company was increased from 
1,254,199,450 ordinary shares to 2,511,422,900 ordinary shares by way of issuance of 1,257,223,450 new ordinary 
shares pursuant to the following:
(i) bonus issue of 1,254,866,150 new ordinary shares on the basis of one (1) bonus share for every one (1) existing 
ordinary share held of 1,254,199,450 and 666,700 bonus shares for SGP vested prior to completing the 
bonus issue corporate exercise. The bonus shares were issued as fully paid, at nil consideration and without 
capitalisation of the reserves of the Company; and
(ii) 2,357,300 new ordinary shares under the Share Grant Plan (‘SGP’) at weighted average share price of RM2.865.
The newly issued ordinary shares rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares of the Company.
(c) In the previous financial year,  the issued and fully paid-up ordinary shares of the Company was increased from 
1,252,837,250 ordinary shares to 1,254,199,450 ordinary shares by way of issuance of 1,362,200 new ordinary shares 
under the SGP at weighted average share price of RM4.364.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 190 ----
189
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
31 December 2024
17. RESERVES
 Group  Company 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Non-distributable:
Exchange translation reserve  (2,478,147)  (798,587)  0  0 
Reorganisation debit reserve  (39,500,000)  (39,500,000)  0  0 
Revaluation reserve  24,120,820  24,722,051  0  0 
Share grant reserve  5,994,346  8,158,874  5,994,346  8,158,874 
  (11,862,981)  (7,417,662)  5,994,346  8,158,874 
Distributable:
Retained earnings  791,868,870  636,272,407  12,862,482  13,495,586 
 780,005,889  628,854,745  18,856,828  21,654,460 
(a) Exchange translation reserve
Exchange translation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements 
of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the presentation currency of the Group. 
It is also used to record the exchange differences arising from monetary items which form part of the net investment 
in foreign operations of the Group, where the monetary item is denominated in either the functional currency of the 
reporting entity or the foreign operation.
(b) Reorganisation debit reserve
The reorganisation debit reserve arose as a result of the difference between consideration paid over the share capital 
of Greatech Integration (M) Sdn. Bhd.  pursuant to business combination under common control.
(c) Revaluation reserve
Revaluation reserve represents the surplus arising on the revaluation of the leasehold land and buildings of the 
Group.
The revaluation reserve which is non-distributable as cash dividend represents the surplus arising on the revaluation 
of the leasehold land and buildings of the Group.
Group 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January  24,722,051  25,347,646 
Realisation of revaluation surplus  (601,231)  (625,595)
Balance as at 31 December  24,120,820  24,722,051 
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 191 ----
190
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
17. RESERVES (Cont’d)
(d) Share grant reserve
The share grant reserve represents the value of equity-settled shares granted to employees under share grant 
scheme (‘SGP’). The reserve is made up of the cumulative value of services received from employees recorded on 
grant of shares. The share grant plan will be vested from a period ranged from 3 years to 4 years from the grant date 
as disclosed in Note 30 to the financial statements.
18. BORROWINGS
Group 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Non-current liabilities
Secured
Term loans  11,716,650  12,816,654 
Current liabilities
Unsecured
Bank overdraft  0  494,793 
Term loans  0  77,948 
 0  572,741 
Secured
Term loans  1,100,004  1,100,004 
 1,100,004  1,672,745 
Total borrowings
Bank overdraft 0  494,793 
Term loans  12,816,654  13,994,606 
 12,816,654  14,489,399 
(a) Borrowings are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortised cost.
(b) The currency profile of borrowings is as follows:
Group
2024
RM
2023
RM
Ringgit Malaysia  12,816,654  13,916,658 
Euro  0  572,741 
 12,816,654  14,489,399 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 192 ----
191
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
18. BORROWINGS (Cont’d)
(c) Certain term loan is secured by the following:
(i) a legal charge over leasehold land and buildings as disclosed in Note 6(d) and Note 5(d) to the financial 
statements respectively; and
(ii) corporate guarantee by the Company.
(d) The carrying amounts of borrowing are reasonable approximation of fair values, as they are floating rate instruments 
that are re-priced at market interest rates on or near the end of the reporting period.
Fair values of the borrowings of the Group are categorised as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. There is no transfer 
between levels in the hierarchy during the financial year.
(e) Information on financial risks of borrowings and its remaining maturity is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial 
statements.
19. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
(a) The deferred tax (assets)/liabilities are made up of the following:
 Group 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January  9,378,903  9,216,547 
Recognised in:
Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 7(c))  0  315,694 
- profit or loss (Note 28)  4,617,687  (153,338)
- foreign exchange differences  (23,131)  0 
Balance as at 31 December  13,973,459  9,378,903 
Presented after appropriate offsetting:
Deferred tax assets  (2,812,400)  (473,800)
Deferred tax liabilities  16,785,859  9,852,703 
 13,973,459  9,378,903 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 193 ----
192
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
19. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
(b) The components and movements of deferred tax assets and liabilities of the Group during the financial year prior to 
offsetting are as follows:
Deferred tax assets
Provision for
 warranties 
 RM 
 Others 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January 2024  159,400  314,400  473,800 
Recognised in profit or loss   1,626,800  711,800  2,338,600 
Balance as at 31 December 2024  1,786,200  1,026,200  2,812,400 
Balance as at 1 January 2023  6,420,447  145,617  6,566,064 
Recognised in profit or loss   (6,261,047)  168,783  (6,092,264)
Balance as at 31 December 2023  159,400  314,400  473,800 
Deferred tax liabilities
 Property, 
 plant and 
 equipment 
 RM 
Revaluation 
surplus of 
revalued 
 properties 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January 2024  2,024,099  7,828,604  9,852,703 
Recognised in profit or loss   7,145,804  (189,517)  6,956,287 
Foreign exchange differences  (23,131)  0  (23,131)
Balance as at 31 December 2024  9,146,772  7,639,087  16,785,859 
Balance as at 1 January 2023  7,803,864  7,978,747  15,782,611 
Acquisition of a subsidiary  315,694  0  315,694 
Recognised in profit or loss   (6,095,459)  (150,143)  (6,245,602)
Balance as at 31 December 2023  2,024,099  7,828,604  9,852,703 
(c) The amount of temporary differences for which no deferred tax assets have been recognised in the statements of 
financial position are as follows:
Group 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Unabsorbed tax losses  16,956,242  23,378,298 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 194 ----
193
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
19. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (Cont’d)
(c) (Cont’d)
Deferred tax assets of certain subsidiaries had not been recognised in respect of these items as it was not probable 
that taxable profits of the subsidiaries would be available against which the deductible temporary differences can 
be utilised.
Unutilised tax losses of foreign subsidiaries is available for carry forward in the jurisdiction in which the foreign 
subsidiaries operate without expiry date.
20. GOVERNMENT GRANTS
Group 
2024
RM
2023
RM
Balance as at 1 January  260,967  393,559 
Amortisation during the financial year  (132,592)  (132,592)
Balance as at 31 December  128,375  260,967 
Represented by:
Current liabilities  56,287  132,592 
Non-current liabilities  72,088  128,375 
 128,375  260,967 
Government grants related to an asset are recognised as income and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic basis 
over the useful lives of the related assets.
21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
 Group  Company 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Trade payables
Third parties  46,082,548  45,505,676  0  0 
Other payables
Other payables  20,943,060  53,192,895  12,223  26,576 
Accrued liabilities  18,684,196  21,406,475  38,798  36,349 
Total other payables  39,627,256  74,599,370  51,021  62,925 
Total trade and other payables  85,709,804  120,105,046  51,021  62,925 
(a) Trade and other payables are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortised cost.
(b) Trade and other payables are non-interest bearing and the normal credit terms granted to the Group ranged from 
30 to 90 days (2023: 30 to 90 days).
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 195 ----
194
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Cont’d)
(c) The currency exposure profile of trade and other payables are as follows:
Group Company
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Ringgit Malaysia  63,381,088  92,438,796  51,021  62,925 
United States Dollar  17,347,060  16,348,987  0  0 
Euro  4,690,701  9,302,655  0  0 
Singapore Dollar  276,324  245,247  0  0 
Chinese Renminbi  11,212  15,384  0  0 
Philippines Peso  2,319  2,484  0  0 
Pound Sterling  1,100  0  0  0 
Indian Rupee  0  1,751,493  0  0 
 85,709,804  120,105,046  51,021  62,925 
(d) Maturity profile of trade and other payables of the Group and of the Company at the end of the reporting period 
based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations is repayable on demand or within one (1) year.
(e) Information on financial risks of trade and other payables is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.
22. PROVISION FOR WARRANTIES
(a) The Group provides warranty on certain automated production system and equipment for a period of up to three 
(3) years and undertakes to repair or replace parts and components that fail to perform satisfactorily. A provision has 
been recognised at end of the reporting period for expected warranty claims based on managementʼs expectation 
of the level of repair and replacement and probability of warranties claims.
 It requires management to exercise significant judgements and estimates in determining the valuation of provision 
for warranties. The key input on the valuation of provision for warranties is the estimation of probability of warranty 
claims. In arriving the probability of warranty claims, the management analyses the historical warranty claims, if any, 
to determine the amount of provision. 
(b) Movements during the financial year in the amount recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position 
in respect of the provision for warranties are as follows:
Group 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Balance as at 1 January  16,289,127  26,751,917 
Provision made during the financial year  5,971,603  5,939,864 
Provision reversed during the financial year  (7,298,304)  (16,402,654)
Balance as at 31 December  14,962,426  16,289,127 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 196 ----
195
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
23. CAPITAL COMMITMENT
Group 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Capital expenditure in respect of purchase of property, plant and equipment 
- contracted but not provided for  990,487  56,066,538 
24. FINANCIAL GUARANTEE CONTRACTS
Company 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Unsecured
Financial guarantee given to financial institutions for credit facilities
- Limit of guarantee  212,674,606  145,624,606 
- Amount utilised  12,816,654  13,916,658
(a) The Company provides financial guarantees to financial institutions for credit facilities granted to a subsidiary.
(b) Financial guarantee contracts are initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of the amount 
determined in accordance with the expected loss model under MFRS 9 and the amount initially recognised less 
amortisation, where appropriate.
(c) The fair values of the financial guarantees have not been recognised on initial recognition as it is negligible. As at the 
end of each reporting period, there was no indication that the subsidiary would default in payment.
(d) Maturity profile of financial guarantee contracts of the company at the end of each reporting period based on 
contractual undiscounted obligations is repayable upon any default by the subsidiary.
(e) Information of financial risks of financial guarantee contracts are disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.
25. REVENUE
Group 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Revenue from contracts with customers:
Construction contracts  660,464,124  623,838,618 
Sale of goods  35,036,862  4,974,504 
Provision of parts and services  56,872,333  29,936,409 
 752,373,319  658,749,531 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 197 ----
196
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
25. REVENUE (Cont’d)
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue from contracts with customers is disaggregated in the table below by primary geographical market and timing 
of revenue recognition.
Group
Timing of revenue recognition
 Transferred 
 over time 
 RM 
 Transferred at 
 a point in time 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
31 December 2024
Germany  0  2,449,697  2,449,697 
India  23,294,931  15,996,941  39,291,872 
Ireland  19,698,733  8,685,517  28,384,250 
Lithuania  3,207,344  815,294  4,022,638 
Malaysia  152,373,946  10,375,058  162,749,004 
Netherlands  0  7,308,132  7,308,132 
Poland  3,195,650  0  3,195,650 
Singapore  0  858,363  858,363 
Switzerland  6,208,001  0  6,208,001 
Thailand  0  1,863,400  1,863,400 
United Kingdom  0  160,927  160,927 
United States of America  449,899,756  40,608,306  490,508,062 
Vietnam  2,585,763  2,787,560  5,373,323 
 660,464,124  91,909,195  752,373,319 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 198 ----
197
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
25. REVENUE (Cont’d)
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (Cont’d)
Revenue from contracts with customers is disaggregated in the table below by primary geographical market and timing 
of revenue recognition. (Cont’d)
Group
Timing of revenue recognition
 Total 
 RM 
 Transferred 
 over time 
 RM 
 Transferred at 
 a point in time 
 RM 
31 December 2023
Germany  0  450,387  450,387 
India  75,044,103  6,686,479  81,730,582 
Ireland  2,717,740  195,732  2,913,472 
Lithuania  398,594  4,167  402,761 
Malaysia  51,686,328  7,051,506  58,737,834 
Netherlands  0  2,214,855  2,214,855 
Peopleʼs Republic of China  0  45,454  45,454 
Singapore  0  1,027,170  1,027,170 
Switzerland  1,647,139  0  1,647,139 
United States of America  491,541,385  14,564,059  506,105,444 
Vietnam  803,329  2,671,104  3,474,433 
 623,838,618  34,910,913  658,749,531 
(a) Revenue from construction contracts
Contracts with customers include multiple promises to customers and therefore accounted for as separate 
performance obligations. In this case, the transaction price will be allocated to each performance obligation based 
on the stand-alone selling prices. When these are not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected 
cost plus margin.
Revenue from construction contracts is measured at the fixed transaction price agreed under the agreement.
Revenue is recognised as and when control of the asset is transferred to the customer and it is probable that the 
Group would collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the asset that would be transferred 
to the customer. Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the 
asset may transfer over time or at a point in time. Control of the asset is transferred over time if the performance of 
the Group does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to 
payment for performance completed to date.
If control of the asset transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract using the input 
method by reference to the cost incurred relative to the total expected cost for satisfaction of that performance 
obligation. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the asset.
Significant judgement is required in determining the satisfaction of performance obligations as stated in the contracts 
with customers and costs in applying the input method to recognise revenue over time.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 199 ----
198
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
25. REVENUE (Cont’d)
(a) Revenue from construction contracts (Cont’d)
The management specifically analyses the contract with customers to identify performance obligations that are 
distinct and material, which is judgmental in the context of contract. The management also estimated total contract 
costs in applying the input method to recognise revenue over time. In estimating the total costs to complete, the 
management relies on past experience of completed project and considers the completeness and accuracy of its 
costs estimation, including its obligations to contract variations and claims. A change in the estimates will directly 
affect the revenue to be recognised. 
There is no significant financing component in the revenue arising from construction contracts as the contracts are 
on normal credit terms not exceeding twelve (12) months.
(b) Sale of products and services rendered
Revenue from sale of products and services rendered is recognised at a point in time when the products has been 
transferred or the services has been rendered to the customer and coincides with the delivery of products and 
services and acceptance by customers.
There is no right of return provided to the customers on the sale of products and services rendered.
There is no significant financing component in the revenue arising from sale of products and services rendered as 
sales or services are made on the normal credit terms not exceeding twelve (12) months.
26. OTHER INCOME
Group Company 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Interest income  7,688,388  7,118,488  462,525  285,084 
Dividend income from short term funds  293,583  437,118  290,017  369,610 
Fair value gain on short term funds  1,306,132  2,476,308  1,275,988  1,940,766 
Fair value gain on derivative financial 
instruments  0  183,650  0  0 
Realised gain on foreign exchange  0  13,587,521  0  850,122 
Gain on lease termination  0  187  0  0 
Amortisation of government grant  132,592  132,592  0  0 
Unrealised gain on foreign exchange  2,598,535  720,606  0  24,705 
Others  2,375,123  3,097,082  0  0 
 14,394,353  27,753,552  2,028,530  3,470,287 
Interest income
Interest income is recognised as it accrues, using the effective interest method.
Dividend income from short term funds
Dividend income from short term funds is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 200 ----
199
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
27. FINANCE COSTS
Group 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Interest expense on:
- term loans  595,126  584,923 
- lease liabilities  421,339  90,238 
- bank overdraft  0  18,194 
 1,016,465  693,355 
28. TAX EXPENSE
Group Company 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Current tax expense based on profit for 
the financial year  14,716,903  12,019,706  22,439  19,706 
Under/(Over)provision of income tax 
expense in prior years  3,420,172  (177,709)  4,794  (17,336)
 18,137,075  11,841,997  27,233  2,370 
Deferred tax (Note 19):
- crystallisation of deferred tax liability on 
revaluation surplus  (189,517)  (150,143)  0  0 
- relating to origination and reversal of 
temporary differences  4,807,204  (3,195)  0  0 
 4,617,687  (153,338)  0  0 
Withholding tax expense  1,808,017  16,217  0  0 
Total tax expense  24,562,779  11,704,876  27,233  2,370 
(a) The Malaysian income tax is calculated at the statutory tax rate of 24% (2023: 24%) of the estimated taxable profits 
for the fiscal year. 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 201 ----
200
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
28. TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
(b) The numerical reconciliation between the tax expense and the product of accounting profit multiplied by the 
applicable tax rate of the Group and of the Company are as follows:
Group Company 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Profit/(Loss) before tax  179,558,011  166,067,981  (605,871)  1,523,989 
Tax at Malaysian statutory tax rate of 
24% (2023: 24%)  43,093,923  39,856,315  (145,409)  365,757 
Tax effects in respect of:
Non-allowable expenses  2,715,131  10,521,227  614,044  233,754 
Non-taxable income  (4,636,442)  (10,461,796)  (446,196)  (579,805)
Tax exempt income under pioneer 
status  (20,844,774)  (27,534,335)  0  0 
Annual crystallisation of deferred tax 
on revaluation surplus  (189,517)  (150,143)  0  0 
Utilisation of deferred tax asset 
previously not recognised  (803,731)  (364,900)  0  0 
Withholding tax expense  1,808,017  16,217  0  0 
Under/(Over)provision of income tax 
expense in prior years  3,420,172  (177,709)  4,794  (17,336)
Tax expense for the financial year  24,562,779  11,704,876  27,233  2,370 
(c) The Group has been granted pioneer status by Malaysian Investment Development Authority (“MIDA”) under 
Income Tax Act 1967 on 4 October 2023 for fully automated production line complete with multiple equipment for 
continuous assembly process of PV module which exempt 70% of its statutory income derived from those activities 
for a period of five (5) years beginning on 12 October 2022 and expired on 11 October 2027.
The Group has been granted approval-in-principle by MIDA under Income Tax Act 1967 on 27 June 2022 for 
its pioneer status incentive application for the robotic and factory automation system and related modules and 
components for electric vehicle and energy storage industries. The statutory income for this activity is exempted 
from tax for a period of ten (10) years from the manufacturing date. The Group is required to submit the application 
of pioneer status certificate to MIDA within twenty-four (24) months from the approval date. As at the date of this 
report, the application has been submitted to MIDA.
The Group has been granted approval-in-principle by MIDA under Promotion of Investment Act 1986 on 10 January 
2025 for its pioneer status incentive application for production, packaging, and testing machinery & equipment and 
related modules and components for medical and life science industries which exempts 100% of its statutory income 
derived from those activities for a period of ten (10) years from the manufacturing date. The Group is required to 
submit the application of pioneer status certificate to MIDA within twenty-four (24) months from the approval date. 
As at the date of this report, the application has yet been submitted to MIDA.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 202 ----
201
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
31 December 2024
28. TAX EXPENSE (Cont’d)
(d) Tax on components of other comprehensive income of the Group are as follows:
 Before tax 
 RM 
 Tax effect 
 RM 
 After tax 
 RM 
2024
Item	that	may	be	reclassified	subsequently	to	profit	
or loss
Foreign currency translations  (1,679,560)  0  (1,679,560)
2023
Item	that	may	be	reclassified	subsequently	to	profit	
or loss
Foreign currency translations  (396,709)  0  (396,709)
29. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Group Company 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Wages, salaries, overtime and bonuses   130,203,086  104,879,992  0  0 
Directorsʼ fees  748,512  569,032  748,512  569,032 
Contributions to defined contribution plan  14,788,251  12,682,346  0  0 
Social security contributions  2,985,083  1,727,776  0  0 
Other benefits  566,390  476,262  48,000  42,000 
SGP expenses  4,589,922  10,653,251  0  0 
 153,881,244  130,988,659  796,512  611,032 
(a) Included in the employee benefits of the Group are Directors’ remuneration amounting to RM3,085,252 (2023: 
RM2,127,690). 
(b) Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind provided to the Executive Directors of the Group is RM38,525 (2023: 
RM45,400).
30. SHARE OPTION PLAN (‘SOP’) AND SHARE GRANT PLAN (‘SGP’)
The establishment of LTIP which consist of Share Option Plan (‘SOP’) and Share Grant Plan (‘SGP’) was approved by the 
shareholders of the Company at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 27 November 2020. The LTIP was came into 
effect on 11 January 2021 and will continue to be in force for a period of five (5) years. 
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 203 ----
202
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
30. SHARE OPTION PLAN (‘SOP’) AND SHARE GRANT PLAN (‘SGP’) (Cont’d)
Salient features of the LTIP are as follows:
(a) The maximum number of shares which may be made available under the LTIP shall not in aggregate exceed ten 
percent (10%) of the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares, if any) at any point of 
time during the duration of the LTIP .
(b) The maximum number of shares to be awarded to an eligible person under the LTIP at any point of time in each LTIP 
Award shall be at the sole and absolute discretion of the LTIP Committee, and subject to the following conditions:
(i) not more than ten percent (10%) of the total number of issued shares of the Company made available under 
the Proposed LTIP shall be allocated to any eligible person who, either singly or collectively through persons 
connected with the eligible person, holds twenty percent (20%) or more of the total number of issued shares 
of the Company (excluding treasury shares, if any); and 
(ii) up to fifty percent (50%) of the total number of shares which may be made available under LTIP could be 
allocated, in aggregate, to the Executive Directors and senior management of the Company who are eligible 
persons.
(c) Any employee of the Group who fulfill the following conditions shall be eligible to participate in the LTIP as at the 
date of award, the employee:
(i) is at least eighteen (18) years of age and is not an undischarged bankrupt nor subject to any bankruptcy 
proceedings; 
(ii) is employed by the Group on a full-time basis or serving in a specific designation under an employment 
contract with the Group for a fixed duration and is on the payroll of any company within the Group and has not 
served a notice of resignation or received notice of termination;
(iii) must have been in employment of the Group for a period of at least six (6) months prior to the LTIP award date; 
and
(iv) is confirmed in writing as a full time employee of the Group prior to and up to the LTIP award date.
(d) The Executive Director of the Group shall be eligible to participate in the LTIP as at the date of award, the Executive 
Director: 
(i) is at least eighteen (18) years of age and is not an undischarged bankrupt nor subject to any bankruptcy 
proceedings; and
(ii) is appointed as an Executive Director of the Company or any company within the Group prior to and up to the 
LTIP award date.
(e) The shares to be issued upon vest of SGP and/or exercise of the SOP will not be subjected to any retention period 
or restriction on transfer.
(f) The shares to be allotted and issued upon vest of SGP and/or exercise of the SOP will, upon such allotment and 
issuance, rank equally, in all respects with the existing shares in the Company, save and except that the new shares 
allotted and issued will not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other distributions.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 204 ----
203
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
30. SHARE OPTION PLAN (‘SOP’) AND SHARE GRANT PLAN (‘SGP’) (Cont’d)
The details of the share options of the Company were as follows:
[-------------------------------------Number of options over ordinary shares ---------------------------------------]
Date of offer
 Balance 
 as at 
 1.1.2023  Exercised Lapsed*
 Outstanding 
 as at 
 31.12.2023 
 Exercisable 
 as at 
 31.12.2023 
10 March 2021  356,250  0  (356,250)  0  0 
* Due to resignation. 
Fair value of share options was estimated by the Group using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, taking into 
account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The fair value of share options measured at grant 
date and the assumptions used were as follows:
Fair value of share options at the following grant dates (RM)  3.193 
Weighted average share price (RM)  5.539 
Weighted average exercise price (RM)  5.475 
Expected volatility (%)  67.98 
Expected life (years)  5 
Risk free rate (%)  2.63 
Expected dividend yield (%)  0 
The following table illustrates the movement of shares under the SGP during the financial year:
Date of grant
[----------------------------------Number of ordinary shares granted under SGP --------------------------------]
 Balance 
 as at 
 1.1.2024 
 Bonus 
 issue  Vested Forfeited*
 Outstanding 
 as at 
 31.12.2024 
17 January 2022  917,600  861,800  (816,400)  (146,600)  816,400 
26 January 2022  977,400  931,800  (874,200)  (156,000)  879,000 
24 November 2022  1,673,800  897,100  (666,700)  (197,600)  1,706,600 
 3,568,800  2,690,700  (2,357,300)  (500,200)  3,402,000 
[--------------------Number of ordinary shares granted under SGP-----------------]
Date of grant
 Balance 
 as at 
 1.1.2023  Vested Forfeited*
 Outstanding 
 as at 
 31.12.2023 
17 January 2022  1,401,800  (302,400)  (181,800)  917,600 
26 January 2022  1,400,500  (325,500)  (97,600)  977,400 
24 November 2022  2,500,000  (734,300)  (91,900)  1,673,800 
5,302,300 (1,362,200) (371,300) 3,568,800
* Due to resignation.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 205 ----
204
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
30. SHARE OPTION PLAN (‘SOP’) AND SHARE GRANT PLAN (‘SGP’) (Cont’d)
The share grant vested during the financial year resulted in the issuance of 2,357,300 new ordinary shares as disclosed in 
Note 16(b) to the financial statements. The weighted average share price at the date of vesting for the financial year was 
RM2.865.
The total fair value of SGP shares granted to eligible employees is recognised as an employee cost with a corresponding 
increase in the reserve within equity over the vesting period. The fair value of SGP shares is measured at grant date, taking 
into account the market and non-market vesting conditions upon which the SGP shares were granted. During the financial 
year, RM4,589,922 (2023: RM10,653,251) has been recognised as employee cost.
31. EARNINGS PER ORDINARY SHARE 
(a) Basic
Basic earnings per ordinary share for the financial year is calculated by dividing the profit for the financial year 
attributable to owners of the parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the 
financial year.
Group
 2024  2023 
Profit for the financial year attributable to owners of the parent (RM)  154,995,232   154,363,105 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue  2,509,065,600  2,506,408,800 
SGP vested  707,760  490,821 
Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares applicable to basic 
earnings per ordinary share (unit)  2,509,773,360  2,506,899,621 
Basic earnings per ordinary share (sen)  6.18  6.16* 
(b) Diluted
Diluted earnings per ordinary share for the financial year is calculated by dividing the profit for the financial year 
attributable to owners of the parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the 
financial year adjusted for the effects of dilutive potential ordinary shares.
Group
 2024  2023 
Profit for the financial year attributable to owners of the parent (RM)  154,995,232  154,363,105 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue  2,509,773,360  2,506,899,621 
Effect of dilution due to SGP  3,402,000  7,137,600 
Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares applicable to diluted 
earnings per ordinary share (unit)  2,513,175,360  2,514,037,221 
Diluted earnings per ordinary share (sen)  6.17  6.14* 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 206 ----
205
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
31. EARNINGS PER ORDINARY SHARE (Cont’d)
* Comparative figures for the weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted 
earnings per share have been restated to reflect the increase number of shares arising from the bonus issue during the 
year. Excluding the bonus issue, the basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share for the financial year 2023 was 12.32 sen 
and 12.29 sen respectively
32. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES 
(a) Identities of related parties
Parties are considered to be related to the Group if the Group has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the 
party or exercise significant influence over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or 
where the Group and the party are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties 
could be individuals or other parties.
Related parties of the Group include:
(i) ultimate holding company, GTECH Holdings Sdn. Bhd.;
(ii) direct and indirect subsidiaries as disclosed in Note 7 to the financial statements; and
(iii) key management personnel as disclosed in Note 32(c) to the financial statements.
(b) The Company has not entered into transactions with related parties during the financial year.
(c) Compensation of key management personnel
Key management personnel are those persons having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and 
controlling the activities of the Group, either directly or indirectly. The key management personnel include all the 
Directors and certain members of the senior management of the Group.
The total remuneration of Directors and key management personnel during the financial year was as follows:
Group Company
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Directorsʼ fees  748,512  569,032  748,512  569,032 
Short term employee benefits  5,779,867  4,141,164  48,000  42,000 
Contributions to defined 
contribution plan 808,806  469,744  0  0 
SGP expenses  456,010  418,812  0  0 
 7,793,195  5,598,752  796,512  611,032 
Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind provided to the Executive Directors and key management personnel of 
the Group is RM771,845 (2023: RM544,790).
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 207 ----
206
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
33. CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
(a) Capital management
The primary objective of the capital management of the Group is to ensure that the Group would be able to continue 
as a going concern whilst maximising return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity ratios. 
The overall strategy of the Group remains unchanged from that in the previous financial years.
The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in response to changes in economic conditions. 
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholder, 
return capital to shareholder or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes 
during the financial years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.
The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total equity attributable to the owners 
of the parent. Net debt is calculated as borrowings, lease liabilities and provision for warranties, less short term funds 
and cash and bank balances. 
Group Company
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
Borrowings  12,816,654  14,489,399  0  0 
Lease liabilities  7,543,648  7,377,727  0  0 
Provision for warranties  14,962,426  16,289,127  0  0 
Less: 
Short term funds  (40,642,400)  (33,899,481)  (40,154,942)  (30,535,029)
Cash and bank balances  (192,180,102)  (153,953,573)  (22,584,085)  (5,729,060)
Net cash  (197,499,774)  (149,696,801)  (62,739,027)  (36,264,089)
Total equity attributable to owners of 
the parent  909,290,272  751,384,678  148,141,211  144,184,393 
Gearing ratio * * * *
* No gearing ratio is presented as the Group and the Company are in net cash position.
Pursuant to the requirements of Practice Note No. 17/2005 of the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, the Group is 
required to maintain a consolidated shareholders’ equity of more than 25% of the issued and paid-up capital and 
such shareholders’ equity is not less than RM40.0 million. The Group has complied with this requirement for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2024.
(b) Financial risk management
The financial risk management objective of the Group is to optimise value creation for shareholder whilst minimising 
the potential adverse impact arising from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates and the 
unpredictability of the financial markets.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 208 ----
207
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
33. CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
(b) Financial risk management (Cont’d)
The Group and the Company are exposed mainly to credit risk, foreign currency risk, liquidity and cash flow risk and 
interest rate risk. Information on the management of the related exposures is detailed below.
(i) Credit risk
Cash deposits, short term funds, and receivables could give rise to credit risk which requires the loss to be 
recognised if a counter party fails to perform as contracted. The counter parties are major licensed financial 
institutions, creditworthy debtors and a subsidiary with good payment records. It is the policy of the Group and 
of the Company to monitor the financial standing of these counter parties on an ongoing basis to ensure that 
the Group and of the Company is exposed to minimal credit risk.
The primary exposure of the Group to credit risk arises through its trade receivables. The trading terms of 
the Group with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period ranged between 30 days to 90 days. 
Each customer has a maximum credit limit and the Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding 
receivables to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. 
In respect of the cash and bank balances placed with major financial institutions, the Directors believe that the 
possibility of non-performance by these financial institutions is remote on the basis of their financial strength.
Exposure to credit risk
At the end of each reporting period, the maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group and of the Company 
is represented by the carrying amount of each class of financial assets recognised in the statements of financial 
position.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 209 ----
208
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
33. CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
(b) Financial risk management (Cont’d)
(i) Credit risk (Cont’d)
Credit risk concentration profile
The Group determines concentration of credit risk by monitoring the country and industry sector profiles of 
its trade receivables on an ongoing basis. The credit risk concentration profile of the trade receivables of the 
Group at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
By country
Group
2024
 RM  % of total 
2023
 RM  % of total 
Germany  241,300  *  429,679  * 
India 14,380,816  10%  39,216,314  30% 
Ireland  23,937,750  17%  5,228,125  4% 
Lithuania  19,072  *  2,497,225  2% 
Malaysia 21,235,259  16%  12,538,826  10% 
Netherlands  3,852,277  3%  1,824,709  2% 
People’s Republic of China  *  *  751  * 
Thailand  1,875,580  1%  *  * 
Singapore  796,424  1%  12,821  * 
United States of America 69,176,749  51%  66,706,520  52% 
Vietnam  1,382,015  1%  569,924  * 
 136,897,242  100%  129,024,894  100% 
* Less than 1%
At the end of the reporting period, approximately 44% (2023: 74%) of the trade receivables of the Group 
were due from two (2) (2023: two (2)) major customers who are multi-industry conglomerates located in United 
States of America and India (2023: United States of America and India). 
At the end of the reporting period, approximately 97.12% (2023: 99.91%) of the receivables of the Company 
was amount owing by a subsidiary.
The maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial guarantee contracts provided as credit enhancements 
to the secured loans of subsidiaries and associates amounts to RM212,674,606 representing the outstanding 
banking facilities of the subsidiaries as at the end of the reporting period. 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 210 ----
209
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
33. CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
(b) Financial risk management (Cont’d)
(ii) Foreign currency risk
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates.
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on sales and purchases that are denominated in currencies other 
than the respective functional currencies of the entities within the Group. The Group and the Company also 
holds short term funds and cash and bank balances denominated in foreign currencies for working capital 
purposes. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily USD and Euro.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity analysis of the Group and of the Company to a reasonably 
possible change in the USD and EURO exchange rate against the functional currency of the Group and of the 
Company, with all other variables held constant:
Group Company
2024
 RM 
2023
 RM 
2024
RM
2023
RM
Profit/(Loss)	after	tax
Increase by 5%
USD/RM  7,978,193  7,860,014  0  0 
EURO/RM  1,685,046  154,684  698,013  80,266 
Decrease by 5%
USD/RM  (7,978,193)  (7,860,014)  0  0 
EURO/RM  (1,685,046)  (154,684)  (698,013)  (80,266)
Equity
Increase by 5%
USD/RM  (50,271)  (31,917)  0  0 
EURO/RM  (42,819)  2,027  0  0 
Decrease by 5%
USD/RM  50,271  31,917  0  0 
EURO/RM  42,819  (2,027)  0  0 
Sensitivity analysis of other foreign currencies are not disclosed as they are not material to the Group.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 211 ----
210
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
33. CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
(b) Financial risk management (Cont’d)
(iii) Liquidity and cash flow risk
Liquidity and cash flow risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting their financial obligations 
due to shortage of funds. The exposure of the Group to liquidity and cash flow risk arises primarily from 
mismatches of maturities of financial assets and financial liabilities. The objective of the Group is to maintain a 
balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of available credit facilities.
The Group actively manages its debt maturity profile, operating cash flows and the availability of funding so as 
to ensure that all operating, investing and financing needs are met. In executing its liquidity risk management 
strategy, the Group measures and forecasts its cash commitments and maintains a level of cash and cash 
equivalents deemed adequate to finance the activities of the Group.
The Group and the Company practice prudent liquidity risk management to minimise the mismatch of financial 
assets and liabilities whilst maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding through standby credit 
facilities.
The table below summaries the maturity profile of the liabilities of the Group and of the Company at the end 
of the reporting period based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations.
 On demand 
 or within 
 one year 
 RM 
 Over one 
 year to 
	within	five	
 years 
 RM 
	Over	five	
 years 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
31 December 2024
Group
Lease liabilities  2,328,861  6,346,519  115,335  8,790,715 
Trade and other payables  85,709,804  0  0  85,709,804 
Borrowings  1,591,829  5,927,916  8,301,132  15,820,877 
Total undiscounted liabilities  89,630,494  12,274,435  8,416,467  110,321,396 
31 December 2023
Group
Lease liabilities  1,947,741  5,487,078  562,877  7,997,696 
Trade and other payables  120,105,046  0  0  120,105,046 
Borrowings  2,252,977  6,103,676  9,717,201  18,073,854 
Total undiscounted liabilities  124,305,764  11,590,754  10,280,078  146,176,596 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 212 ----
211
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
33. CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
(b) Financial risk management (Cont’d)
(iii) Liquidity and cash flow risk (Cont’d)
 On demand 
 or within 
 one year 
 RM 
 Over one 
 year to 
	within	five	
 years 
 RM 
	Over	five	
 years 
 RM 
 Total 
 RM 
31 December 2024
Company
Other payables  51,021  0  0  51,021 
Financial guarantee contracts  12,816,654  0  0  12,816,654 
Total undiscounted liabilities  12,867,675  0  0  12,867,675 
31 December 2023
Company
Other payables  62,925  0  0  62,925 
Financial guarantee contracts  13,916,658  0  0  13,916,658 
Total undiscounted liabilities  13,979,583  0  0  13,979,583 
(iv) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the financial instruments of the Group and 
of the Company will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. 
The exposure of the Group and of the Company to interest rate risk arises primarily from their borrowings 
and short term funds. The Group and the Company borrow at both, floating and fixed rates of interest to 
generate the desired interest profile and to manage the Group’s and the Company’s exposure to interest rate 
fluctuations.
Sensitivity analysis for interest rate risk
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity analysis of the Group and of the Company if interest rates at 
the end of reporting period changed by fifty (50) basis points with all other variables held constant: 
Group Company
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Profit/(Loss)	after	tax
- Increase by 0.5%  105,738  73,758  156,252 116,033
- Decrease by 0.5%  (105,738)  (73,758)  (156,252) (116,033)
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 213 ----
212
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
33. CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
(b) Financial risk management (Cont’d)
(iv) Interest rate risk (Cont’d)
There is no interest rate risk exposure to the equity, hence the effect of change in the interest rate is not 
explained.
Sensitivity analysis for fixed rate instrument as at the end of the reporting period was not presented as fixed 
rate instrument is not affected by changes in interest rates. 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 214 ----
213
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
31 December 2024
33. CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
(b) Financial risk management (Cont’d)
(iv) Interest rate risk (Cont’d)
The following tables set out the carrying amounts, the interest rates/incremental borrowing rates as at the end of the reporting period 
and the remaining maturities of the financial instruments and lease liabilities of the Group and of the Company that are exposed to 
interest rate risk:
Group Note
Interest 
rates/
Incremental 
 borrowing 
 rates* 
%
On demand 
or
within 1
year
RM
1 - 2 years
RM
2 - 3 years
RM
3 - 4 years
RM
4 - 5 years
RM
More than
5 years
RM
Total
RM
31 December 
2024
Fixed rates
Lease 
liabilities 6 2.46 - 7.95*  (1,837,495)  (1,745,791)  (1,688,933)  (1,504,020)  (653,147)  (114,262)  (7,543,648)
Floating rates
Short term 
funds 14 1.97 - 3.07  40,642,400  0  0  0  0  0  40,642,400 
Term loans 18 4.05  (1,100,004)  (1,100,004)  (1,100,004)  (1,100,004)  (1,100,004)  (7,316,634) (12,816,654)
31 December 
2023
Fixed rates
Lease 
liabilities 6 1.75 - 7.95*  (1,652,358)  (1,658,579)  (1,130,802)  (1,191,694)  (1,129,584)  (614,710)  (7,377,727)
Floating rates
Short term 
funds 14 1.62 - 2.96  33,899,481  0  0  0  0  0  33,899,481 
Bank overdraft 18 8.08  (494,793)  0  0  0  0  0  (494,793)
Term loans 18 2.79 - 5.47  (1,177,952)  (1,100,004)  (1,100,004)  (1,100,004)  (1,100,004)  (8,416,638) (13,994,606)
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 215 ----
214
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
31 December 2024
33. CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
(b) Financial risk management (Cont’d)
(iv) Interest rate risk (Cont’d)
The following tables set out the carrying amounts, the interest rates/incremental borrowing rates as at the end of the reporting period 
and the remaining maturities of the financial instruments and lease liabilities of the Group and of the Company that are exposed to 
interest rate risk: (Cont’d)
Company Note
Interest 
rates
%
On demand 
or
within 1
year
RM
1 - 2 years
RM
2 - 3 years
RM
3 - 4 years
RM
4 - 5 years
RM
More than
5 years
RM
Total
RM
31 December 
2024
Floating rates
Short term 
funds 14 2.95  40,154,942  0  0  0  0  0  40,154,942 
Amount 
due from a 
subsidiary 11 5.20 - 5.50  964,084  0  0  0  0  0  964,084 
31 December 
2023
Floating rates
Short term 
funds 14 2.78  30,535,029  0  0  0  0  0  30,535,029 
Amount 
due from a 
subsidiary 11 5.50  28,105,479  0  0  0  0  0  28,105,479 
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 216 ----
215
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
34. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
(a) On 27 January 2025, the Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, Greatech Mechatronics (M) Sdn. Bhd. in 
Malaysia for a cash consideration of RM100 comprising of 100 ordinary shares.
(b) On 28 February 2025, the Company has entered into a sales and purchase agreement with Mr. Martin Mucha 
acting in his capacity as insolvency administrator over the assets of Manz AG, to acquire 100% equity interest in 
Manz Slovakia S.R.O., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Manz AG in Slovakia for a cash consideration of Euro 1,000,000 
(equivalent to RM4,657,400).
35. ADOPTION OF NEW MFRSs AND AMENDMENTS TO MFRSs
35.1	 New	MFRSs	adopted	during	the	financial	year
The Group and the Company adopted the following Amendments to the Standards of the MFRS Framework that 
were issued by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board (‘MASBʼ) during the financial year:
Title Effective Date
Amendments to MFRS 16 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 101 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 101 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 107 and MFRS 7 Supplier Finance Arrangements 1 January 2024
The adoption of the above Amendments to the Standards did not have any material effect on the financial 
performance or position of the Group and of the Company.
35.2 New MFRSs and Amendments to MFRSs that have been issued, but only effective for annual periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2025
The following are Standards and Amendments to the Standards of the MFRS Framework that have been issued 
by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board (‘MASBʼ) but have not been early adopted by the Group and the 
Company:
Title Effective Date
Amendments to MFRS 121 Lack of Exchangeability 1 January 2025
Amendments to MFRS 9 and MFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of 
Financial Instruments 1 January 2026
Annual Improvements to MFRS Accounting Standards - Volume 11 1 January 2026
Amendments to MFRS 9 and MFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature - dependent  Electricity 1 January 2026
MFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 1 January 2027
MFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 1 January 2027
Amendments to MFRS 10 and MFRS 128 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor 
and its Associate or Joint Venture Deferred
The Group and the Company do not expect the adoption of the above Standards and Amendments to Standards to 
have a significant impact on the financial statements.
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 217 ----
216
Corporate Overview Performance Review Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial Statements
36. STATUTORY DISCLOSURE
Pursuant to Section 249(4)(e) of Companies Act 2016, details of auditors’ remuneration payable by the Group and the 
Company during the financial year were as follows:
 Group  Company 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
 2024 
 RM 
 2023 
 RM 
Statutory audit
- BDO PLT  179,000  144,800  72,000  47,000 
- Other firms  116,978  18,824  0  0 
 295,978  163,624  72,000  47,000 
31 December 2024
Notes to The Financial Statements

---- Page 218 ----
217
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
(as at 31 December 2024)
Registered/
Beneficial	
owner Property address
Description/
Existing use
Tenure of 
property
Date of 
acquisition/
Date of 
revaluation
Approximate 
age of 
building
Land/
Gross built-
up area
(sq ft)
Carrying 
amount as at 
31 December 
2024
RM’000
Greatech 
Integration 
(M) Sdn Bhd
Plot 287A, 
Lengkok 
Kampung Jawa 
Satu,
Bayan Lepas Free 
Industrial Zone 
Phase 3,
11900 Bayan 
Lepas,
Pulau Pinang
Industrial land 
with a three-storey 
detached office 
block and an 
annexed double 
storey detached 
factory
/Used as head 
office, assembly 
plant and storage
Leasehold
(44 years 
expiring 
on 29 May 
2051) 
21 March 
2018
/31 
December 
2022
6 years 69,599/ 
74,701
23,426
Greatech 
Integration 
(M) Sdn Bhd
Plot 287B, 
Lengkok 
Kampung Jawa 
Satu, 
Bayan Lepas Free 
Industrial Zone 
Phase 3, 
11900 Bayan 
Lepas, 
Pulau Pinang
Industrial land with 
a double storey 
detached office 
block, an annexed 
single storey 
detached factory 
and a guard house 
/Used as office 
and storage
Leasehold
(60 years 
expiring 
on 29 May 
2051)
5 November 
2014
/31 
December 
2022
31 years 33,044/  
20,064
5,903
Greatech 
Integration 
(M) Sdn Bhd
Plot 287C, 
Lengkok 
Kampung Jawa 
Satu, 
Bayan Lepas Free 
Industrial Zone 
Phase 3, 
11900 Bayan 
Lepas, 
Pulau Pinang
Industrial land with 
a double storey 
detached office 
block, an annexed 
double storey 
detached factory 
and a guard house 
/Used as office, 
assembly plant 
and storage
Leasehold
(60 years 
expiring 
on 29 May 
2051)
6 February 
2015
/31 
December 
2022
31 years 30,053/
24,283
6,600
Greatech 
Integration 
(M) Sdn Bhd
Lot 72493, 
Mukim 12, 
Lengkok 
Kampung Jawa 
Satu, 
Daerah Barat 
Daya, Pulau 
Pinang (“Plot 
287D”)
Industrial land 
with tar road and 
sidewalk
/Used as car park
Leasehold
(30 years 
expiring 
on 6 Mar 
2052)
16 
November 
2021
/31 
December 
2022
N/A 10,764/
N/A
964
Greatech 
Integration 
(M) Sdn Bhd
PMT 778, 
Persiaran Cassia 
Selatan 2, Taman 
Perindustrian 
Batu Kawan, 
14110 Bandar 
Cassia (“Batu 
Kawan I”)
Industrial land with 
a double storey 
detached office 
block, an annexed 
single storey 
detached factory 
and a guard house 
/Used as office, 
manufacturing 
plant and storage 
Leasehold
(60 years 
expiring 
on 17 
August 
2074)
20 June 
2019
/31 
December 
2022
4 years 183,244/  
126,694
32,443
List of Properties

---- Page 219 ----
218
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
(as at 31 December 2024)
List of Properties
Registered/
Beneficial	
owner Property address
Description/
Existing use
Tenure of 
property
Date of 
acquisition/
Date of 
revaluation
Approximate 
age of 
building
Land/
Gross built-
up area
(sq ft)
Carrying 
amount as at 
31 December 
2024
RM’000
Greatech 
Integration 
(M) Sdn Bhd
PMT 800, 
Persiaran Cassia 
Selatan 6, Taman 
Perindustrian 
Batu Kawan, 
14110 Bandar 
Cassia, Seberang 
Perai Selatan, 
Pulau Pinang 
(“Batu Kawan II”)
Industrial land with 
a double storey 
detached office 
block, an annexed 
single storey 
detached factory 
and a guard house 
/Used as office, 
assembly plant 
and storage 
Leasehold
(60 years 
expiring 
on 14 
October 
2082)
13 January 
2021
/31 
December 
2022
3 years 257,052/
209,721
48,181
Greatech 
Integration 
(M) Sdn Bhd
807, Jalan 
Cassia Selatan 
7/1, Taman 
Perindustrian 
Batu Kawan, MK 
13 Seberang 
Perai Selatan, 
14110 Bandar 
Cassia, Penang 
(“Batu Kawan III”)
Industrial land with 
a double storey 
detached office 
block, an annexed 
single storey 
detached factory 
and a guard house 
/Used as office, 
assembly plant 
and storage 
Leasehold
(60 years 
expiring 
on 18 
January 
2083)
10 
September 
2021
/31 
December 
2022
3 years 305,522/
241,222
63,220
Greatech 
Integration 
(M) Sdn Bhd
PMT 839, 
Persiaran Cassia 
Selatan 6, Taman 
Perindustrian 
Batu Kawan, 
14110 Bandar 
Cassia, Seberang 
Perai Selatan, 
Pulau Pinang 
(“Batu Kawan IV”)
Industrial land 
with a double 
storey detached 
office and double 
storey factory 
with a mezzanine 
floor and a guard 
house.
Leasehold 
(60 years 
expiring 
on 28 
April 
2083)
3 November 
2021
/31 
December 
2022
3 months
(CCC1 on 
15 October 
2024)
504,224/
629,301
158,946
1 Certificate of Completion and Compliance

---- Page 220 ----
219
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Share Capital
Total Issued Shares : 2,511,422,900 Ordinary Shares
Type of Shares  : Ordinary Shares
Voting Rights  : One vote per Ordinary Share on a poll
Distribution of Shareholding
Size of Shareholdings No. of Holders % No. of Holdings %
1 – 99 106 0.83 1,519 *
100 – 1,000 2,803 22.08 1,689,761  0.07
1,001 – 10,000 7,232 56.98 30,093,587 1.20
10,001 – 100,000 2,119 16.70 61,422,847 2.44
100,001 to less than 5% of Issued Shares 431 3.40 969,436,586 38.60
5% and above of Issued Shares 1 0.01 1,448,778,600 57.69
Total 12,692 100.00 2,511,422,900 100.00
* Negligible
30 Largest Securities Account Holders based on Record of Depositors
(without aggregating the securities from different securities accounts belonging to the same person)
No. Name No. of Shares held %
1 GTECH HOLDINGS SDN BHD  1,448,778,600 57.69
2 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
EXEMPT AN FOR AIA BHD.
105,739,900 4.21
3 LEMBAGA TABUNG HAJI  77,969,400 3.10
4 LLH HOLDINGS SDN BHD  59,098,200 2.35
5 SMARTCAP VENTURE SDN BHD  47,542,600 1.89
6 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM BUMIPUTERA
 39,957,300 1.59
7 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
EXEMPT AN FOR CITIBANK NEW YORK (NORGES BANK 22)
 36,890,126 1.47
8 PERMODALAN NASIONAL BERHAD  36,055,600 1.44
9 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
EMPLOYEES PROVIDENT FUND BOARD (ASIANISLAMIC) 
 27,640,900 1.10
10 CIMB GROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
CIMB COMMERCE TRUSTEE BERHAD FOR KENANGA SHARIAH GROWTH 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND (50156 TR01)
 23,562,900 0.94
Analysis of Shareholdings
as at 2 April 2025

---- Page 221 ----
220
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
30 Largest Securities Account Holders based on Record of Depositors (Cont’d)
(without aggregating the securities from different securities accounts belonging to the same person)
No. Name No. of Shares held %
11 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
EMPLOYEES PROVIDENT FUND BOARD (AHAM AM)
 17,200,000 0.68
12 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
KUMPULAN WANG PERSARAAN (DIPERBADANKAN) (KENANGA)
 13,681,800 0.54
13 HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
JPMCB NA FOR VANGUARD TOTAL INTERNATIONAL STOCK INDEX FUND
 13,275,600 0.53
14 HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
JPMCB NA FOR VANGUARD EMERGING MARKETS STOCK INDEX FUND
 12,026,200 0.48
15 CIMB ISLAMIC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
CIMB ISLAMIC TRUSTEE BERHAD - KENANGA SYARIAH GROWTH FUND
 11,848,100 0.47
16 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM MALAYSIA 3
 11,148,400 0.44
17 CIMB GROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
CIMB COMMERCE TRUSTEE BERHAD - KENANGA GROWTH FUND
 10,470,900 0.42
18 DB (MALAYSIA) NOMINEE (ASING) SDN BHD
EXEMPT AN FOR STATE STREET BANK & TRUST COMPANY (WEST CLT OD67)
 10,326,800 0.41
19 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM BUMIPUTERA 3 - DIDIK
 9,866,200 0.39
20 CIMB GROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
DEUTSCHE TRUSTEES MALAYSIA BERHAD FOR HONG LEONG DIVIDEND FUND
 8,300,000 0.33
21 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
KUMPULAN WANG PERSARAAN (DIPERBADANKAN) (PRINCIPAL EQITS)
 8,186,200 0.33
22 OOI HOE LENG  8,050,000 0.32
23 CIMB GROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
CIMB COMMERCE TRUSTEE BERHAD FOR KENANGA GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND (50154 TR01)
 7,794,200 0.31
24 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM MALAYSIA
7,775,200 0.31
25 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
EMPLOYEES PROVIDENT FUND BOARD (CIMB PRIN)
7,662,950 0.31
26 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM BUMIPUTERA 2
7,546,000 0.30
Analysis of Shareholdings
as at 2 April 2025

---- Page 222 ----
221
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
30 Largest Securities Account Holders based on Record of Depositors (Cont’d)
(without aggregating the securities from different securities accounts belonging to the same person)
No. Name No. of Shares held %
27 CARTABAN NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
TMF TRUSTEES MALAYSIA BERHAD FOR AFFIN HWANG WHOLESALE EQUITY FUND 2
7,400,000 0.29
28 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
KUMPULAN WANG PERSARAAN (DIPERBADANKAN) (AIIMAN IS EQ)
7,278,000 0.29
29 HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
JPMCB NA FOR VANGUARD FIDUCIARY TRUST COMPANY INSTITUTIONAL TOTAL 
INTERNATIONAL STOCK MARKET INDEX TRUST II
6,842,400 0.27
30 TAN ENG KEE 6,072,600 0.24
Directors’ Shareholdings based on Register of Director’s Shareholdings
Name of Directors
No.	of	Shares	beneficially	held	
Direct % Indirect %
DATO’ SERI TAN ENG KEE 10,072,600 0.40 1,448,821,400 ** 57.69
KHOR LEAN HENG 3,230,000 0.13 - -
DATO’ OOI HOOI KIANG 3,063,200 0.12 - -
DATO’ SERI WONG SIEW HAI - - 2,113,400 ^ 0.08
DATO’ OOI BOON CHYE 715,800 0.02   - -
DR. MICHAEL DOMINIC KIRK - -   - -
DR. KONG SIEW MUI - -   - -
** Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee is deemed interested through GTECH Holdings Sdn Bhd pursuant to Section 8(4) of the Companies 
Act 2016 (“Act”) and through his child pursuant to Section 59(11)(c) of the Act.
^ Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai is deemed interested through his children pursuant to Section 59(11)(c) of the Act.
Substantial Shareholders’ Shareholdings based on Register of Substantial Shareholders
Name of Substantial Shareholders
No.	of	Shares	beneficially	held
Direct % Indirect %
GTECH HOLDINGS SDN BHD 1,448,778,600 57.69 -   -
DATO’ SERI TAN ENG KEE  10,072,600 0.40 1,448,821,400 ** 57.69
** Dato’ Seri Tan Eng Kee is deemed interested through GTECH Holdings Sdn Bhd pursuant to Section 8(4) of the Companies 
Act 2016 (“Act”) and through his child pursuant to Section 59(11)(c) of the Act.
Analysis of Shareholdings
as at 2 April 2025

---- Page 223 ----
222
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
Notice of Annual General Meeting
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT  the Seventh ( “7th”) Annual General Meeting ( “AGM”) of Greatech Technology Berhad 
(“Company”) will be held at Jadeite Room, Level 4, Amari SPICE Penang, 2, Persiaran Mahsuri, Bayan Baru, 11900 Bayan 
Lepas, Pulau Pinang on Wednesday, 28 May 2025 at 10.00 a.m. for the following purposes:
AGENDA
AS ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 
together with the Reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon.
(Please refer to 
Explanatory Note 1)
2. To re-elect Mr. Khor Lean Heng who retires in accordance with Clause 170 of the Company’s 
Constitution and being eligible, has offered himself for re-election.
Ordinary 
Resolution 1
Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai who is subject to retirement pursuant to Clause 170 of the Company’s 
Constitution has expressed his intention not to seek re-election and hence, he will retire as Director 
at the conclusion of the 7th AGM of the Company.
3. To approve the payment of Directors’ fees of RM8,000.00 per month for each of the Directors of 
the Company for the period from 29 May 2025 until the next AGM of the Company in the year 
2026.
Ordinary 
Resolution 2
4. To approve the payment of Directors’ benefits (excluding Directors’ fees) to the Directors up to an 
amount of RM100,000.00 for the period from 29 May 2025 until the next AGM of the Company 
in the year 2026.
Ordinary 
Resolution 3
5. To re-appoint BDO PLT as Auditors of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next 
AGM of the Company in the year 2026 and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration.
Ordinary 
Resolution 4
AS SPECIAL BUSINESS
6. To consider and, if thought fit, with or without any modification, to pass the following resolutions 
which will be proposed as Ordinary Resolutions:
6.1 Authority to Issue Shares pursuant to the Companies Act 2016 (“the Act”) and Waiver Of 
Pre-Emptive Rights
Ordinary 
Resolution 5
“THAT subject to the Act, the Constitution of the Company, and the approvals from Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”) and any relevant governmental/regulatory authority, the 
Directors of the Company be and are hereby empowered, pursuant to the Act, to issue and allot 
shares in the Company, at any time to such persons and upon such terms and conditions and 
for such purposes as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion, deem fit, provided that the 
aggregate number of shares issued pursuant to this resolution does not exceed ten per centum 
(10%) of the total number of issued shares of the Company for the time being; 
THAT pursuant to Section 85 of the Act to be read together with Clause 32 of the Constitution 
of the Company, approval be and is hereby given to waive the statutory pre-emptive rights of 
the shareholders of the Company to be offered new shares ranking equally to the existing issued 
shares arising from any issuance of new shares pursuant to Section 75 and 76 of the Act;
AND THAT the Directors be and are also empowered to obtain the approval for the listing of and 
quotation for the additional shares so issued on Bursa Securities; 
AND FURTHER THAT  such authority shall commence immediately upon the passing of this 
resolution and continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting 
of the Company.”

---- Page 224 ----
223
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Notice of Annual General Meeting
6.2 Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority Ordinary Resolution 6
“THAT subject to the Companies Act 2016 (the “Act”), the  Constitution of Company, 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad ( “Bursa Securities”) Main Market Listing Requirements 
(“MMLR”) and the approvals of all relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities 
(if any), the Company be and is hereby authorised to purchase such number of ordinary 
shares in the Company (“Proposed Share Buy-Back”) as may be determined by the Board 
of Directors ( “Board”) from time to time through Bursa Securities upon such terms and 
conditions as the Board may deem fit and expedient in the best interest of the Company 
provided that:
(a) the aggregate number of ordinary shares to be purchased pursuant to this resolution 
shall not exceed ten per centum (10%) of the total number of issued shares of the 
Company; and
(b) the maximum amount of funds to be utilised for the purpose of the Proposed Share 
Buy-Back shall not exceed the aggregate retained profits of the Company based on 
its Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 of 
RM12,862,482.
THAT at the discretion of the Board, the shares of the Company to be purchased are 
proposed to be cancelled and/or retained as treasury shares and/or distributed as 
dividends and/or resold on Bursa Securities and/or transferred the shares for the purposes 
of or under an employees’ share scheme in the manner as prescribed by the Act, rules, 
regulations and orders made pursuant to the Act and Bursa Securities MMLR and any other 
relevant authorities for the time being in force;
THAT such authority shall commence immediately upon the passing of this resolution until:
(i) the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting ( “AGM”) of the Company 
following this general meeting at which such resolution was passed at which time it 
will lapse unless by an ordinary resolution passed at that meeting, the authority is 
renewed, either unconditionally or subject to conditions; or
(ii) the expiration of the period within which the next AGM of the Company after that 
date is required by law to be held; or
(iii) the authority is revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders 
of the Company in general meeting;
whichever occurs first.
AND THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to take such steps to give full effect 
to the Proposed Share Buy-Back with full power to assent to any condition, modification, 
variation and/or amendment as may be imposed by the relevant authorities and/or to do 
all such acts and things as the Board may deem fit and expedient in the best interest of 
the Company.”
7. To transact any other business of which due notice shall have been given. 

---- Page 225 ----
224
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
Notice of Annual General Meeting
By Order of the Board,
YEOW SZE MIN, SSM PC NO. 201908003120 (MAICSA 7065735)
LOW SEOW WEI, SSM PC NO. 202008000437 (MAICSA 7053500)
Company Secretaries
Penang
29 April 2025
(A) NOTES:
1. In respect of deposited securities, only members whose names appear in the Record of Depositors on 20 May 2025  
(General Meeting Record of Depositors) shall be eligible to participate in the 7th AGM of the Company.
2. Every member including authorised nominee as defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 
(SICDA) is entitled to appoint another person as his proxy to exercise all or any of his rights to participate, speak and vote 
in his stead at the 7th AGM, and that such proxy need not be a Member. There shall be no restriction as to the qualification 
of the proxy. A proxy appointed by the member shall have the same rights as the member to participate, speak and vote 
at the 7th AGM of the Company.
3. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company for 
multiple beneficial owners in one (1) securities account ( “omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies 
which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds.
 
4. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless he specifies the proportions 
of his shareholdings to be represented by each proxy.
5. The instrument appointing a proxy or representative and the duly registered power of attorney or other authority, if any, 
shall be in writing under the hand of the appointer or his/her attorney duly appointed under a Power of Attorney or, if such 
appointer is a corporation, either under its common seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly appointed under 
a Power of Attorney.
 
6. The instrument appointing proxy(ies) may be made in the form of hardcopy or by electronic means in the following manner 
and must be received by the Company not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the 7 th 
AGM or any adjournments thereof: 
(i)  In Hardcopy Form 
The proxy form shall be deposited at the Company’s Registered Office at Suite 18.05, MWE Plaza, No. 8, Lebuh 
Farquhar, 10200 George Town, Pulau Pinang, Malaysia. 
(ii)  By Electronic Means 
The proxy form may also be lodged electronically by email to eservices@sshsb.com.my.
 
7. The members or their proxies or their corporate representatives may submit questions to the Company at enquiry@
greatech-group.com prior to the 7 th AGM not later than 20 May 2025  at 5.00 p.m . The questions and/or remarks 
submitted by the members or their proxies or their corporate representatives will be presented and responded by the 
Chairman/Board/Management during the Meeting.

---- Page 226 ----
225
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Notice of Annual General Meeting
(B) EXPLANATORY NOTES: -
1.  Item	1	of	the	Agenda	-	Audited	Financial	Statements	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2024	(“FY2024”)
Agenda item no. 1 is meant for discussion only as the provision of Section 340(1)(a) of the Act does not require a formal 
approval from the shareholders for the Audited Financial Statements. Hence, this agenda item is not put forward for 
voting.
 
2. Ordinary Resolution 1: Re-election of Director
 
Clause 170 of the Company’s Constitution states that one-third (1/3) of the Directors of the Company for the time being 
shall retire by rotation at an AGM of the Company. All the Directors shall retire from office at least once in each three (3) 
years but shall be eligible for re-election.
Mr. Khor Lean Heng, who is retiring in accordance with Clause 170 of the Company’s Constitution, has offered himself for 
re-election and is eligible to do so. Dato’ Seri Wong Siew Hai, who is also retiring by rotation pursuant to Clause 170 of 
the Company’s Constitution, has informed the Board of his decision not to seek re-election as a Director of the Company. 
Accordingly, he will retire as a Director upon the conclusion of the 7th Annual General Meeting of the Company.
The profile of the Director standing for re-election is provided on page 10 of the Company’s Annual Report 2024.
For the purpose of determining the eligibility of the Director seeking re-election at the 7 th AGM, the Nominating 
Committee (“NC”) has undertaken a review and assessment based on the annual assessment and evaluation of the Board 
for the FY2024.
Following this assessment, the NC has recommended the re-election of the retiring Director based on the following 
considerations:
(i) satisfactory performance and meeting the Board’s expectations in discharging his duties and responsibilities; 
(ii) met the criteria of character, experience, integrity, competence and time commitment in discharging his roles as 
Director of the Company; and
(iii) his ability to act in the best interest of the Company in decision-making.
 
Based on the above, the Board has endorsed the NC’s recommendation to seek shareholders’ approval for the re-election 
of the retiring Director.
The retiring Director has consented to his re-election and has abstained from all deliberations and decisions at the Board 
meeting relating to the recommendation to seek shareholders’ approval for his re-election.
As a shareholder of the Company, the retiring Director will also abstain from voting on the resolution concerning his re-
election at the 7th AGM.
3. Ordinary	Resolutions	2	and	3:	Directors’	fees	and	benefits
 
Clause 186 of the Company’s Constitution, any fees and benefits payable to Directors shall be subject to annual 
shareholders’ approval at a General Meeting. Pursuant thereto, shareholders’ approval is sought for the payment of fees 
to Directors (Resolutions 3) and benefits payable to Directors (Resolution 4).
The shareholders’ approval shall be sought at this 7 th AGM for the payment of Directors’ fees of RM8,000.00 per month 
to each of the Directors of the Company from 29 May 2025 until the next AGM of the Company in the year 2026, to be 
payable on monthly basis in arrears. 
The Remuneration Committee and the Board opined that it is just and equitable for the Directors to be paid such payment 
upon them discharging their responsibilities and rendering their services to the Company.

---- Page 227 ----
226
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
Notice of Annual General Meeting
(B) EXPLANATORY NOTES: -
3. Ordinary	Resolutions	2	and	3:	Directors’	fees	and	benefits	(Cont’d)
The payment of Directors’ fees and benefits to the Directors has been reviewed by the Remuneration Committee and the 
Board of the Company, which recognises that the benefits payable is in the best interest of the Company for the applicable 
period from 29 May 2025 up to the conclusion of the next AGM in the year 2026. The benefits comprise Directors and 
Officers Liabilities Insurance and the meeting allowance, which will only be accorded based on actual attendance of 
meetings by the Directors.
The Directors who are also shareholders of the Company and persons connected to the said Director will abstain from 
voting on the resolutions in respect of the fees and benefits payable to him/her at the 7th AGM.
 
4.  Ordinary Resolution 4: Re-appointment of Auditors
 
 The Audit and Risk Management Committee ( “ARMC”) and the Board have considered the re-appointment of BDO PLT as 
Auditors of the Company, are satisfied with the performance, competency, audit approach and independence of BDO PLT 
and collectively agreed that they have met the relevant criteria prescribed by Paragraph 15.21 of Bursa Securities MMLR.   
The Board endorsed ARMC’s recommendation to seek shareholders’ approval to re-appoint BDO PLT as external 
auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next AGM in the year 2026 and to authorise the Directors to fix their 
remuneration. 
 
5. Ordinary Resolution 5: Authority to issue shares pursuant to the Companies Act 2016 and Waiver of Pre-emptive 
Rights
 
The proposed Ordinary Resolution 5 is primarily to seek for the renewal of the Previous Mandate (as defined herein) to 
give flexibility to the Board to issue and allot shares up to 10% of the total number of issued share (excluding treasury 
shares) of the Company for the time being, at any time to such persons in their absolute discretion for such purposes as 
the Board considers to be in the best interests of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “General Mandate”). 
The Company had been granted a general mandate by its shareholders at the last AGM held on 24 May 2024 of which will 
lapse at the conclusion of the 7th AGM (hereinafter referred to as the “Previous Mandate”).
The Previous Mandate granted by the shareholders had not been utilised and therefore, no proceed been raised therefrom. 
 
The General Mandate, upon renewal, will provide flexibility to the Company to undertake any possible fund raising 
activities, including but not limited to placement of shares, for the purpose of funding Company’s future investment 
projects, working capital, acquisitions and/or such other purposes as the Directors may deem fit, without having to 
convene a general meeting, provided that the aggregate number of the shares issued pursuant to the General Mandate 
does not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company. This authority, unless revoked or varied by the 
Company in a general meeting, will expire at the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company.
 
6. Ordinary Resolution 6: Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority 
 
The proposed Ordinary Resolution 6, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company to exercise the power of the 
Company to purchase the Company Shares of not more than 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company 
at any time within the time period stipulated in the Bursa Securities MMLR by utilising the funds allocated which shall not 
exceed the total retained profits of the Company. This authority, unless revoked or varied at a meeting of members, shall 
continue to be in full force until the conclusion of the next AGM. 
Please refer to the Share Buy-Back Statement dated 29 April 2025 which is despatched together with the Company’s 
Annual Report 2024 for further information.

---- Page 228 ----
227
Greatech Technology Berhad Annual Report 2024
Notice of Annual General Meeting
Personal data privacy:
By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the 7 th AGM and/
or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member’s 
personal data by the Company (or its agents) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company (or its 
agents) of proxies and representatives appointed for the 7th AGM (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and 
compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), 
and in order for the Company (or its agents) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines 
(collectively, the “Purposes”), (ii) warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member’s proxy(ies) 
and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or 
representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) 
and/or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any 
penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member’s breach of warranty.

---- Page 229 ----
228
Corporate Overview Sustainability Governance Additional InformationFinancial StatementsPerformance Review
Statement Accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting
(Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Bursa Securities MMLR)(Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Bursa Securities MMLR)
• As at date of this notice, there are no individuals who are standing for election as Directors (excluding the above Director 
who are standing for re-election) at the 7th AGM.
• The renewal of General Mandate for issue of securities in accordance with Paragraph 6.03(3) of the Bursa Securities MMLR.
Details of the renewal of General Mandate to issue securities in the Company pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Act are set 
out in Note 5 of the Explanatory Notes of the Notice of the 7th AGM.

---- Page 230 ----
I/We (Tel:)                        NRIC/Registration No.
 (Full Name in Capital Letters)
of 
(Full address in Capital Letters)
being a member of GREATECH TECHNOLOGY BERHAD (“the Company”) hereby appoint the following person(s): 
First Proxy
Name NRIC/Passport No. No. of shares to be represented
Second Proxy
Name NRIC/Passport No. No. of shares to be represented
or failing him/her, the Chairman of the Meeting, as *my/our proxy/proxies to attend  and to vote for *me/us on *my/our behalf at the Seventh 
Annual General Meeting (“ 7th AGM”) of the Company to be held at Jadeite Room, Level 4, Amari SPICE Penang, 2, Persiaran Mahsuri, 
Bayan Baru, 11900 Bayan Lepas, Pulau Pinang on Wednesday, 28 May 2025 at 10.00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof.
My/Our Proxy is to vote as indicated below:
AGENDA
To receive the Audited Financial Statements for financial year ended 31 Decemb er 2024 together with the Reports of the Directors and 
Auditors thereon.
Ordinary Business For Against
Ordinary Resolution 1 To re-elect Mr. Khor Lean Heng as a Director of the Company.
Ordinary Resolution 2 To approve the payment of Directors’ Fee to each of Director of the Company.
Ordinary Resolution 3 To approve the payment of Directors’ benefits (excluding Directors’ fees).
Ordinary Resolution 4 To re-appoint BDO PLT as Auditors of the Company.
Special Business
Ordinary Resolution 5 Authority to issue shares pursuant to the Companies Act 2016 and Waiver of Pre-emptive Rights.
Ordinary Resolution 6 Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority.
(Please indicate with an ‘X’ in the space provided against each resolution of how you wish your vote to be cast. In the absence of specific 
directions, your proxy(ies) or Chairman of the Meeting will vote or abstain as he/she thinks fit.
Note: Please note that the short description given above on the Resolutions to be passed does not in any way whatsoever reflect the intent 
and purpose of the Resolutions. Shareholders are encouraged to refer to the Notice of 7th AGM for the full purpose and intend of the 
Resolutions to be passed.
Signed this _______ day of _______________, 2025.
*Signature /Common Seal of Member
* Strike out whichever not applicable.
Proxy Form
CDS Account No.
No. of ordinary shares held
GREATECH TECHNOLOGY BERHAD
(Registration No.: 201801008633 (1270647-H))
(Incorporated in Malaysia)

---- Page 231 ----
The Company Secretaries
GREATECH TECHNOLOGY BERHAD
201801008633 (1270647-H)
Suite 18.05, MWE PLaza
No.8, Lebuh Farquhar
10200 George Town
Pulau Pinang 
Malaysia
Affix
Stamp
Please fold across the lines and close
Please fold across the lines and close
Notes:
1. In respect to deposited securities, only members whose names appear in the Record of Depositors on 20 May 2025 (General Meeting Record of Depositors) shall 
be eligible to participate in the 7th AGM of the Company.
2. Every member including authorised nominee as defined under the Securities Indu stry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 (SICDA) is entitled to appoint another 
person as his proxy to exercise all or any of his rights to participate, speak and vote in his stead at the 7th AGM, and that such proxy need not be a Member. There 
shall be no restriction as to the qualification of the proxy. A proxy appointed by the member shall have the same rights as the member to participate, speak and 
vote at the 7th AGM.
3. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one (1) securities 
account (“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account 
it holds.
4. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless he specifies the proportions of his shareholdings to be represented 
by each proxy.
5. The instrument appointing a proxy or representative and the duly registered power of attorney or other authority, if any, shall be in writing under the hand of the 
appointer or his/her attorney duly appointed under a Power of Attorney or, if such appointer is a corporation, either under its common seal or under the hand of 
an officer or attorney duly appointed under a Power of Attorney.
6. The instrument appointing proxy(ies) may be made in the form of hardcopy or by electronic means in the following manner and must be received by the Company 
not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the 7th AGM or any adjournments thereof: 
(i)  In Hardcopy Form 
The proxy form shall be deposited at the Company’s Registered Office at Suite 18.05,  MWE Plaza, No. 8, Lebuh Farquhar, 10200 George Town, Pulau Pinang, 
Malaysia. 
(ii) By Electronic Means 
The proxy form may also be lodged electronically by email to 
eservices@sshsb.com.my.
7. The members or their proxies or their corporate representatives may submit questions to the Company at enquiry@greatech-group.com prior to the 7th AGM not 
later than 20 May 2025 at 5.00 p.m. The questions and/or remarks submitted by the members or their proxies or their corporate representatives will be presented 
and responded to by the Chairman/Board/ Management during the Meeting.
8. Any alteration in this form must be initialed.
Personal data privacy:
By submitting the duly executed proxy form, the member and his/her proxy consent to the Company and/or its agents/service providers to collect, use and disclose 
the personal data therein in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2010, for the purpose of the 7th AGM of the Company and any adjournment thereof.

---- Page 232 ----