---- Page 1 ----
Steering Change
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page I

---- Page 2 ----
ABOUT THIS REPORT 
Performance Highlights 
 
ABOUT MBSB 
Message from the Chairman 
Message from the Group Chief Executive Officer 
Message form the Group Chief Financial Officer  
Products and Services 
Awards and Accolades 
Corporate Structure 
Corporate Information 
 
2023: THE YEAR IN REVIEW 
Message from the Chief Executive Officer  
  MBSB Bank Berhad 
Message from the Chief Executive Officer  
  MIDF Berhad 
 
 
4 
 
 
8 
10 
12 
14 
16 
18 
19 
 
 
22 
 
24 
 
 
 
 
 
Business Reviews 
Group Consumer 
Group Commercial 
Group Wholesale 
Calendar of Events 
Our Approach to Value Creation 
Value Creation Model 
Engaging Stakeholders 
Approach to Materiality 
Group Chief Risk Officer  
Key Risks and Mitigation 
 
Strategic Reviews 
Market Landscape and Outlook 
Financial Capital 
Human Capital 
Group Chief People Officer  
Intellectual Capital 
Group Chief Strategy Officer  
Manufactured Capital 
Natural Capital 
Social and Relationship Capital 
Five-Year Financial Highlights 
Our Strategy 
Sustainability  
 
 
26 
28 
30 
32 
44 
46 
48 
52 
54 
56 
 
 
59 
61 
62 
64 
66 
68 
70 
71 
73 
74 
75 
80 
 
INSIDE THIS 
REPORT
We are minimising the environmental impact of our reports by encouraging the use of digital copies. However, we understand 
that some stakeholders may prefer a physical copy, and we are ready to accommodate such requests. 
 
We use Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) Certified paper for all of the pages in our physical reports. The FSC is an 
international non-profit organisation that promotes the sustainable management of global forests. FSC® certification means 
that the paper used for this report has been sourced from responsibly-managed forests that meet certain environmental and 
social standards. 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page II

---- Page 3 ----
OUR LEADERSHIP 
Profile of MBSB Board of Directors 
Profile of MBSB Group Management Committee 
Profile of MBSB Bank Board of Directors  
Profile of MIDF Board of Directors 
Profile of MIDF Amanah Investment Bank 
  Board of Directors 
Profile of MIDF Amanah Asset Management  
  Board of Directors  
Profile of MBSB Bank Shariah Advisory Committee  
Profile of MIDF Amanah Investment Bank  
  Shariah Committee 
 
OUR GOVERNANCE 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement 
Additional Compliance Statement 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control 
Report of the Audit Committee 
 
 
85 
92 
100 
104 
108 
 
111 
 
114 
117 
 
 
 
120 
137 
138 
154 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Directors’ Responsibility Statement 
Directors’ Report 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
STAKEHOLDER INFORMATION 
Schedule of Properties  
Analysis of Shareholding 
Notice of Annual General Meeting  
 
Proxy Form 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
162 
163 
172 
187 
 
 
348 
350 
354 
 
Cover Rationale 
'Stronger Together, For  You' - Our theme this year is a testament 
to MBSB's strategic merger with MIDF . This union enhances our 
product range and customer propositions across our Consumer, 
Commercial and Wholesale Banking businesses covering a broad 
range of opportunities from individual financing to capital markets. 
The remarkable Chevron Flight Strategy adopted by migratory birds 
inspired MBSB Group to gather our combined resources, elevate 
our products and services and accelerate towards new frontiers to 
serve our customers exceptionally and sustainably. 
Please scan the QR code to 
get a direct link to MBSB 
Group's corporate website.
Get it 
Download the “QR 
Code Reader” app 
from Google Play 
(Android Market), 
BlackBerry 
AppWorld, App 
Store (iOS/iPhone) 
or Windows Phone 
Store
Run it 
Run the QR Code 
Reader app and 
point your 
camera at the QR 
Code
Access it 
Get access to 
MBSB Group's 
website
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 1

---- Page 4 ----
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
2
ABOUT 
THIS REPORT
Malaysia Building Society Berhad (MBSB) is pleased to present our Integrated Annual Report (the Report) 
for the year 2023. This Report has been prepared with reference to the International Integrated Reporting 
Council (IIRC's) International Integrated Reporting <IIR> Framework. 
 
This Report aims to communicate our value creation for stakeholders in the short, medium and long 
term. Our strategy, governance, performance and prospects play a significant role in our business 
and day-to-day operations.
REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARIES 
 
This Report covers the business operations of MBSB Group, 
including MBSB Bank Berhad (the Bank or MBSB Bank) and 
Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad (MIDF) and all 
subsidiaries. It provides information on both our financial and 
non-financial performance.  We aim to offer readers a transparent 
and comprehensive overview of our achievements in 2023 and a 
glimpse into the future of MBSB Group.  
 
The reporting period spans from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 
2023 for MBSB Bank and from 1 October 2023 to 31 December 
2023 for MIDF and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified. 
 
REPORTING FRAMEWORK 
 
This is our fourth year of adopting the <IIR> Framework. We are 
committed to continuously improving the depth of disclosures at 
each year of reporting. In addition, this Report also adheres to 
the following frameworks: 
 
•Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa) Main Market 
Listing Requirements 
• Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (MFRS) 
• International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
• Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG) 
• Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
• Companies Act 2016 
• Bursa Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 
• Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)  
• United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) 
• Bank Negara Malaysia Policy Documents and Guidelines 
• Financial Services Act 2013 
• Islamic Financial Services Act 2013 
 
 
 
OUR 2023 REPORTING SUITE 
 
Integrated Annual Report 
Our primary Report that provides a holistic assessment of our 
ability to create sustainable value in the short, medium and long 
term. 
 
Corporate Governance Report 
A Report that outlines our corporate governance practices. 
 
Sustainability Report 
A Report that communicates our approach and sustainability 
performance in relation to issues material to MBSB Group and 
its stakeholders. 
 
Please scan this QR 
Code for a digital 
copy of the MBSB 
Sustainability 
Report 2023
Our Reports are available at www.mbsb.com.my
MBSB  
Sustainability Report 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 2

---- Page 5 ----
Section 01About This Report
3
STATEMENT OF ASSURANCE 
 
We are continuously enhancing the quality of our Report by providing balanced, relevant and accurate data. The senior management 
of MBSB Group has put in their collective minds in preparing this Report, which has also been reviewed and approved by the Board 
of Directors. We have obtained external assurance on the financial statements and limited assurance on selected non-financial 
information for the year. The Independent Auditors’ Report for our financial and non-financial information is presented on pages 172 
to 176 of this Report and pages 67 to 70 of our Sustainability Report 2023, respectively. 
 
MATERIALITY AND MATERIAL MATTERS 
 
We prioritise the content of our Report based on the principle of materiality. This Report discloses key risks, opportunities, mitigations, 
and other factors influencing materiality across our six capitals, aiming to highlight our commitment to creating, preserving, and 
enhancing stakeholder value. Our materiality assessment process covers key topics relevant to both internal and external 
stakeholders, including ethics and integrity, environmental stewardship, employee welfare, and community development. Through 
this assessment, we aim to identify key matters to yield value-added outcomes for all stakeholders. 
FEEDBACK 
 
We value our stakeholders’ feedback to improve our reporting and sustainability practices continuously. Should you have any 
comments or enquiries regarding this Report, please reach out to us at enquiry@mbsbbank.com. 
 
 
We provide a more detailed discussion on the material matters from pages 52 to 58.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 3

---- Page 6 ----
RM2.8
Total Revenue
billion
million
RM559
Profit before 
Zakat and Tax
million
RM667
Total projects financed  
by Sustainability Sukuk  
Wakalah worth
million
RM15
Invested
in Cybersecurity 
Enhancement
OVERVIEW 
OF MBSB
A TRUSTED LEGACY
MBSB has been a vital contributor to the 
nation's financial services industry and 
economy for more than 70 years.   
Our story began in the 1950s where we were one of the first financial institutions to 
extend home financing that helped Malaysians own their homes. MBSB is instrumental 
in the development of many residential areas, including Petaling Jaya, where the head 
office is currently located. 
 
MBSB is the financial holding company of MBSB Bank, a progressive Islamic Bank that 
offers Shariah-compliant banking facilities to retail, commercial and corporate 
customers, and also Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad (MIDF), a 
financial service provider focusing on development finance, investment banking and 
asset management which includes Shariah-compliant financing and wealth products. 
PERFORMANCE  
HIGHLIGHTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
4
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 4

---- Page 7 ----
billion
million
5.23%
Return on 
Equity
64
Net Promoter 
Score (NPS)
Surpassing the 
Industry Benchmark 
of 61
RM1.39
Net Operating 
Income
RM491
Net Profit
CORE 
VALUES
HUMILITY
PROFESSIONALISM
ETHICS
EMPATHY
PASSION
Section 01About This Report
5
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 5

---- Page 8 ----
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 6

---- Page 9 ----
ABOUT 
MBSB
8 Message from the Chairman 
10 Message from the Group Chief Executive Officer 
12 Message from the Group Chief Financial Officer 
14 Products and Services 
16 Awards and Accolades 
18 Corporate Structure 
19 Corporate Information 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 7

---- Page 10 ----
8
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB remains on a Profit Growth Trajectory  
 
Allow me to thank the management and employees of MBSB 
Bank and MIDF for completing the merger, despite a challenging 
year. With your hardwork and dedication, the Group was able to 
post a profit after tax (PAT) of RM491.8 million, which is 7% 
higher than the previous year's RM460.2 million. This was 
achieved on a revenue of RM2.8 billion, up 4.7% from RM2.7 
billion the previous year.  
 
As we all are aware, in 2023 global growth slowed as tight 
monetary policy and elevated inflation weighed on economic 
activity. Despite the challenging external environment, the 
Malaysian economy grew by 3.7%, supported by resilient 
domestic demand and further recovery in tourism activities. 
Malaysia is widely expected to improve its economic 
performance in 2024 buoyed by continued expansion in 
household spending and a rebound in global trade amid the tech 
upcycle.   
 
Navigating Challenges in the Banking Sector 
 
Despite the growth in revenue and profit, challenges persist in 
our industry. In 2023, banks faced declining net profit margins 
due to the rising costs of deposits, triggered by monetary policy 
tightening across the globe. This pressure on profit margins may 
persist, necessitating initiatives to reduce or maintain operating 
costs and the cost of funds. In this environment, creativity, 
innovation, and excellent customer service are imperative to 
retain customer loyalty amidst the emergence of new digital 
banks and financial service providers.  
 
MESSAGE FROM THE  
CHAIRMAN
Dear Shareholders,  
 
I am pleased to present the MBSB Integrated 
Annual Report for 2023.  Since joining in January 
2024, I am grateful to have received a warm 
welcome from my colleagues at MBSB. Serving as 
the Chairman, and a member of the Investment 
Panel of the Employees Provident Fund (EPF), our 
largest shareholder, offers me a unique 
perspective. I look forward to be part of MBSB's 
journey, a company with a rich history of over 70 
years, that has contributed to the early growth of 
the financial service sector. I am confident that 
MBSB will continue to play an important role in 
shaping the future of the banking industry.  
Moving forward, let us 
embrace our collective 
motto, ‘Stronger Together, 
For You’, reflecting the 
resilience from our merger. 
This ethos positions us to 
offer a more comprehensive 
suite of products and 
services, aligning with  
our three-year strategic  
business plan, “FLIGHT26”.
‘‘
‘‘
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 8

---- Page 11 ----
Section 02About MBSB
9
As we look ahead to the future, it is also important to 
acknowledge the dynamic landscape of the domestic banking 
sector. As an Islamic bank, we find ourselves amidst a highly 
competitive environment coming from both conventional and 
Islamic segments. Additionally, there exists an array of domestic 
banking groups and a significant presence of international banks, 
all competing for a slice of the market. One of the critical 
questions facing our bank, given our smaller size, is the balance 
between growth and risk management. While a high rate of 
financing growth may seem appealing, it poses risks to our 
balance sheet if not managed effectively. This underscores the 
importance of asset liability management. By actively managing 
liabilities to ensure stable funding sources and maintaining a 
healthy balance between asset growth and quality, I am confident 
that MBSB can navigate these challenges effectively. 
 
Expansion of our Business Portfolio 
 
As I come on board MBSB, the Group had already expanded its 
reach with the acquisition of MIDF , an organisation that also has 
a long history of over six decades, and is involved in development 
finance, investment banking and asset management. Through 
this acquisition, Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB) has emerged 
as a substantial shareholder in MBSB with a 12.78% stake, while 
EPF remains the largest shareholder holding 57.45% in equity. 
 
This strategic acquisition has enhanced the Group's financial 
resilience and expanded our capabilities, evident in a larger 
balance sheet, wider market presence, and a diversified portfolio 
encompassing Consumer, Commercial & SME, and Wholesale 
Banking. 
 
The integration is strategic due to the minimal overlap between 
MBSB Bank and MIDF , positioning the Group effectively to offer 
complementary services.  Now, we can capitalise on cross-selling 
and targeted marketing, effectively serving our expanded 
customer base. Our teams are increasingly operating in synergy, 
utilising enhanced expertise, market intelligence, and resources 
to deliver added value and services to our customers. 
 
The merger's strategic significance was recognised industry-wide 
when MBSB's acquisition of MIDF was honoured as the Best 
Domestic M&A Deal of the Year in Malaysia at the 17th Borrower 
Issuer Awards Alpha Southeast Asia 2023. In the year under 
review, MBSB Bank received the Best Sustainability Sukuk 
Wakalah accolade from the Triple A Awards whilst MIDF's 
subsidiary, MIDF Amanah Investment Berhad, earned the Best 
Syndicated Loan of the Year 2022 title for leading and arranging 
OMS Group Sdn. Bhd.'s Multi-Currency Syndicated Facilities. 
 
Moving forward, let us embrace our collective motto, ‘Stronger 
Together, For You’, reflecting the resilience from our merger. This 
ethos positions us to offer a more comprehensive suite of 
products and services, aligning with our three-year strategic 
business plan, “FLIGHT26”. This plan focuses on delivering 
innovative product offerings in attracting a high-quality customer 
base, and delivering sustainable growth, ultimately enhancing 
shareholder value. 
 
In January, we also unveiled MBSB's new logo. Its geometric 
design symbolises our steadfast dedication to growth, strategic 
vision, innovation, and adaptability in a dynamic marketplace. 
 
Moving Forward as a Cohesive Entity 
 
I would like to express my sincere appreciation to the members 
of the Board for their leadership in steering the course of our 
organisation. The commitment demonstrated by everyone has 
significantly contributed to the successes we have achieved and 
the milestones we have chartered. As we continue this journey,  
I am confident that your dedication, insights and expertise will be 
the guiding force behind MBSB’s future achievements. 
 
I am pleased to welcome Tan Sri Abdul Rahman (Tan Sri Rahman) 
and Datuk (Dr.) Yasmin Mahmood (Datuk Yasmin) to the Board. 
Tan Sri Rahman, also the Chairman of MIDF , brings a wealth of 
experience from his 35-year civil service career, including as 
Secretary General of MITI from 2006 to 2010. Datuk Yasmin, 
PNB's nominee director and former Chief Executive Officer of 
Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation (MDEC), has an extensive 
background in various leadership roles. Their diverse 
perspectives and leadership expertise will undoubtedly 
contribute to the Group's ambitions.  
 
I also want to extend the Board’s sincere gratitude to Datin Hoi Lai 
Ping and Ir. Moslim Othman for their valuable contributions as 
independent directors at MBSB. Their dedication and insights have 
significantly enriched our board discussions and strategic 
decisions. As they move on to new chapters, we thank them for 
their service and wish them success in their future endeavours. 
 
We are grateful to our shareholders, regulators, business 
partners, customers, and dedicated employees for their support 
and commitment to MBSB. The collaborative efforts of all have 
been crucial to our success.  
 
As we look to the future, let us continue in our united efforts, 
drawing strength from our shared vision and goals. Together, we 
stand poised to navigate new challenges and seize opportunities, 
reinforcing our commitment to excellence and sustained growth. 
Thank you for being an integral part of our journey.  
 
 
Dato’ Wan Kamaruzaman Wan Ahmad  
Chairman  
‘‘ ‘‘
The integration is strategic 
due to the minimal overlap 
between MBSB Bank and 
MIDF , positioning the  
Group effectively to offer 
complementary services.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 9

---- Page 12 ----
10
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB continued to make 
strides forward in 2023.  
We enhanced our CASA 
offerings, achieved financing 
growth that exceeded the 
industry average and 
advanced several 
digitalisation initiatives. 
‘‘
‘‘
Dear Shareholders,   
I am delighted to present our Integrated Annual Report for 2023, which showcases our collective 
achievements and sets forth our future aspirations. As the Group Chief Executive Officer of MBSB, it is 
a privilege to contribute to the enduring legacy of an organisation with a rich history spanning over seven 
decades. Following the acquisition of MIDF, MBSB has expanded its portfolio to include development 
finance, investment banking and asset management, marking a significant evolution in our capabilities.  
MESSAGE FROM THE  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE  
OFFICER
I am pleased to welcome Dato' Wan Kamaruzaman Wan Ahmad 
as our new Chairman, appointed in January 2024. With extensive 
experience in both the private sector and government-linked 
agencies, we look forward to Dato' Wan’s  stewardship in  leading 
MBSB to deliver  sustained growth and value to our shareholders. 
Together with the Board, we recognise  that some areas of our 
business require more focus than others, so we have developed 
comprehensive strategic and operational plans along with 
detailed roadmaps to monitor our progress. 
 
Navigating a Challenging Landscape with Optimism 
  
In 2023, the Malaysian banking industry demonstrated 
remarkable resilience and adaptability amidst economic 
challenges and rapid technological advancements. It is observed 
that significant emphasis was placed on digital transformation, 
with investments aimed at enhancing customer experiences, 
streamlining operations, and improving efficiency. 
 
The Overnight Policy Rate (OPR) was raised to 3.00% in 2023, 
placing additional pressure on the net profit margins of all banks, 
with no exception to MBSB. This financial strain was 
compounded by rising inflation, which escalated operational 
costs and expected credit losses. Additionally, MBSB faced 
challenges due to a higher cost of funding stemming from a low 
Current and Savings Account (CASA) ratio. 
  
Despite these challenges, MBSB has continued to make strides 
forward. We enhanced our CASA offerings, achieved financing 
growth that exceeded the industry average and advanced several 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 10

---- Page 13 ----
Section 02About MBSB
11
digitalisation initiatives. This progress is a testament to the 
resilience and dedication of our team, bolstered by the trust and 
confidence of our stakeholders. 
  
For the fiscal financial ending 31 December 2023, the Group 
achieved a profit after tax (PAT) of RM491.8 million, largely 
attributed to a RM354.4 million one-time gain from the MIDF 
acquisition. Our total assets increased by 21.3% to RM66.7 
billion, also mainly driven by the merger. The Group's financing 
portfolio expanded by 9.6% year-on-year, fuelled by growth in 
both the commercial and retail financing sectors. 
  
Strategic Growth and Harmonisation 
 
The recent acquisition of MIDF has further broadened our 
capabilities, adding development finance, investment banking, 
and asset management to our service offerings. This strategic 
move has led to a Group-wide harmonisation, reorganising our 
business units into Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking, and 
Wholesale Banking to enhance synergies and leverage our 
combined strengths. 
  
On the human capital front, we have made significant strides in 
our integration efforts, uniting the workforces of MBSB Bank and 
MIDF under one roof. This integration, led by our in-house 
Integration Team, has fostered a renewed enthusiasm among our 
staff, contributing to a work environment where everyone feels 
valued, respected, and empowered. 
 
Introducing FLIGHT26 
 
Looking ahead to 2024, we have developed a three-year 
strategic plan called 'FLIGHT26'. Inspired by the Chevron Flight 
Strategy, a flight formation used by migrating birds, this strategy 
provides birds with aerodynamic advantages for efficient and 
resilient long-distance travel, reflecting the power of a singular 
objective, an effective strategy and effective teamwork. We 
believe that adopting the Chevron Flight Strategy will be 
advantageous for MBSB, helping us achieve new heights while 
promoting unity within our organisation. 
  
FLIGHT26 is supported by 30 transformation plans, collectively 
known as TP30, which include 12 projects in Wholesale Banking, 
six in Commercial Banking, nine in Consumer Banking, and three 
in Digital Banking. 
  
Upholding Our Commitment to Sustainability 
  
Our commitment to environmental stewardship, social 
responsibility, and ethical practices remains steadfast. In 2023, 
we developed a Net Zero Strategy and a Sustainable and 
Transition Finance Framework that guide our transition towards 
environmentally and socially responsible financing and 
investment activities. MBSB Bank's green financing exceeded 
RM500 million, and MIDF’s green portfolio represented 13% of 
its total assets. Another notable achievement in 2023 was the 
issuance by MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad of reNIKOLA 
Solar II Sdn. Bhd.'s RM390 million ASEAN Green SRI Sukuk 
Programme, the world's first climate Sukuk certified by the 
Climate Bonds Initiative. Moving forward, we plan to further 
expand our portfolio with sustainable products and services, 
such as financing for electric vehicles, sustainable deposit 
accounts, and financial inclusion products. 
  
Ultimately, our goal as a Group is to reduce our environmental 
footprint and increase our positive impact, committing to the 
reduction of Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions and enhancing our 
environmental efforts through conscious investments, community 
development, and volunteer hours. 
  
Words of Appreciation 
  
I would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt thanks 
to all our stakeholders, whose dedication is integral to our 
progress. The trust of our shareholders fuels our ambition to 
reach new heights. Our customers, who are at the core of our 
operations, inspire our pursuit of excellence. The strategic 
guidance from our Board has been invaluable, and the passion 
and effort of our team are the driving forces behind MBSB’s 
success. Together, we will continue our journey of excellence, 
united by our shared commitment for growth. 
  
 
Rafe Haneef 
Group Chief Executive Officer  
Engagement with stakeholders remain essential to the Group's DNA.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 11

---- Page 14 ----
12
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Bolstering Market Position and Operational Capabilities  
 
MBSB’s Profit After Tax (PAT) for the financial year ended  
31 December 2023 rose by 6.9% to RM491.8 million attributed 
mostly by the one-time gain from the acquisition of MIDF .  
 
The Group’s revenue grew by 4.7% to RM2.8 billion, attributed 
by an expansion of financing by 9.6%, a commendable growth 
that surpassed the industry average of 4% - 5%. The strong 
growth is spread across all customer segments, particularly 
SMEs as the economy rebounded strongly post pandemic. 
 
Our Net Other Income reported a significant increase of RM340 
million mainly due to a gain attributable from the acquisition of 
MIDF . If not for the rebalancing of our Treasury investment which 
resulted in a realised losses during the financial year, the Net 
Other Income would have been higher at RM400 million.  
 
Net Profit Margin declined in 2023 primarily due to a higher 
funding cost resulting from the effect of the OPR hikes in late 
2022 and the first half of 2023. Though the margin compression 
is an event in almost all banks, we are significantly impacted due 
to the fact that we do have a sizeable fixed rate portfolio in our 
book. Efforts are underway to convert the fixed rate portfolios to 
variable rate in 2024, hence reducing the Group’s profit rate risk. 
 
Total assets for the Group increased by 21.5% or RM11.8 billion 
from December 2022 to RM66.7 billion as at 31 December 2023. 
The strong increase was a direct result of the merger which 
brought into the Group an asset amounting to RM7.3 billion. Net 
asset per share was at RM1.20, with shareholders’ equity at 
RM9.8 billion as at 31 December 2023.  
 
Our customer deposit remains the core source of funding and 
saw an increase of RM9.8 billion during the reporting year. While 
the major growth derived from Term Deposit, in an effort to 
optimise the funding costs, the Group prioritised the expansion 
of its Current Account and Savings Account (CASA) base from 
RM2.1 billion to RM2.7 billion, resulting in an enhanced CASA 
ratio from 6.2% to 7.1% as at 31 December 2023. Our Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (LCR) remains sound at 157.3%. 
 
Total assets for the Group increased  
by 21.3% or RM11.7 billion from  
December 2022 to RM66.7 billion as at  
31 December 2023. The strong increase 
was a direct result of the merger which 
brought into the Group an asset 
amounting to RM7.3 billion.
‘‘
‘‘
MESSAGE FROM THE 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
As the cornerstone of MBSB Group's financial operations, Finance Division plays a pivotal role in ensuring 
the integrity, accuracy, and efficiency of the Group's financial activities. Committed to upholding the 
highest standards of financial management, our division diligently oversees budgeting, financial reporting 
and strategic financial planning. With a dedicated team of professionals possessing extensive expertise 
and a commitment to excellence, the Finance Division remains steadfast in its mission to drive the 
Group's financial success and uphold the trust and confidence of our stakeholders.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 12

---- Page 15 ----
Section 02About MBSB
13
Implementation of Strategic Initiatives to Enhance Recovery 
Processes 
 
We remain steadfast in our commitment to ensure a strong asset 
quality within the Group to weather any potential economic 
downturns. To achieve this, we have implemented various 
strategic initiatives aimed at strengthening our asset underwriting 
standards and enhancing our recovery processes.  
 
These efforts have yielded positive results, however the merger 
with MIDF and the introduction of Ihsan-i Personal Financing in 
2023 led to an increase in impaired financing by RM581 million 
for the year.  This has resulted in an overall increase in our Gross 
Impaired Financing (GIF) from 6.76% to 7.27%. 
 
The management has put in place a more targeted approach to 
resolve the impaired Ihsan-i Personal Financing and some 
significant impaired accounts in order to improve our asset 
quality to industry level. 
 
Although our Financing Loss Reserve (FLR) stood at 57%, we are 
comfortable that a large chunk of the impaired financing and 
loans are over collateralised. We are confident for our FLR to 
improve significantly closer to 100% upon resolution of these 
over-collateralised impaired financing and loans by the end of 
December 2024. 
 
The Group continues to invest in technology infrastructure and 
human capital aimed at securing its future and this has resulted 
in a modest increase in its operational expenses. Notably, this 
increase remains marginal and the Group's cost-to-income ratio 
settled at 51.15%, reflecting a balanced approach to expenditure 
management amidst strategic growth initiatives.  
 
The Group remains dedicated in preserving a robust capital 
position while at the same time striving to maximise returns for 
shareholders. As at 31 December 2023, our Common Equity Tier-
1 (CET-1) and Total Capital Ratios (TCR) stood at 19.90% and 
23.85% respectively.  
 
Our strong capital position allows the Group to pursue the 
expansion of its asset portfolio and value creation for its 
stakeholders. 
 
The Group paid a dividend of 8.5 sen per share in early 2023 
amounting to RM609 million and a final dividend of 3.5 sen per 
share amounting to RM287.8 million to be paid in 2024. With a 
strong capital position, we will maximise the dividend pay-out ratio 
although our policy is to pay a minimum of 30% from the PAT. 
 
Outlook 
 
The global economy is projected to expand by 3% in 2024, 
propelled by moderate growth across advanced economies and 
emerging markets. Anticipating a tightening of monetary policies, 
global inflation is expected to reach 5.2%. Locally, economic 
growth hinges significantly on the global economy's successful 
attainment of a soft landing and avoidance of further escalation 
in geopolitical conflicts. Despite these challenges, economic 
momentum is poised to recover, with the local economy 
projected to grow between 4.5% and 5%, accompanied by 
moderated inflation at 4.5%. 
 
The reactivation of market activities is expected to underpin a 
rebound in the banking industry. Economic and investment 
activities will be enhanced with the clarity in economic policy and 
direction following the implementation of National Energy 
Transformation Roadmap, New Industrial Master Plan 2030 and 
Mid-Term Review of the 12th Malaysia Plan. These developments 
bode well for the Group, as increased demand for financing is 
anticipated. Supported by a robust and stable capital position, 
we maintain a positive outlook on the Group's performance in 
2024, expecting it to capitalise on the opportunities presented by 
the evolving economic landscape. 
 
 
Ramanathan Rajoo 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
The Group paid a dividend of 
8.5 sen per share in early 
2023 amounting to RM609 
million and a final dividend of 
3.5 sen per share amounting 
to RM287.8 million to be paid 
in 2024. With a strong capital 
position, we will maximise 
the dividend pay-out ratio 
although our policy is to pay 
a minimum of 30% from  
the PAT.
‘‘
‘‘
Summary of MBSB’s Financial Performance
Profit After Tax                                 RM491.8 million 
 
Total Assets                                     RM66.7 billion 
 
Casa Ratio                                       7.1% 
 
Common Equity Tier-1                     19.90% 
 
Total Capital Ratio                           23.85%  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:24 PM  Page 13

---- Page 16 ----
SERVING 
CUSTOMERS 
BETTER THROUGH 
OUR COMBINED 
EXPERTISE
WHAT  
MBSB BANK 
OFFERS
Current &  
Savings Account-i 
 
MBSB Bank VISA 
Debit Card-i 
 
M JOURNEY 
Online Banking and  
Mobile App 
 
DuitNow QR 
 
Term Deposit-i 
 
Personal 
Financing-i 
Property 
Financing-i 
 
My First Home 
Scheme  
SJKP Madani 
 
M JOURNEY 
Corporate 
 
Trade 
Financing 
 
M TRADE  
Mobile App 
 
MGG-S 
 
Skim CAKNA 
 
Ihsan-i 
 
Wealth 
Management and 
Takaful
PRODUCTS AND  
SERVICES
14
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 14

---- Page 17 ----
Leveraging on the strengths of its member companies,  
MBSB Bank and MIDF , MBSB Group’s visibility is spread 
across various market segments, from retail, SME as well as  
corporate banking. 
 
MBSB Bank, which is a full-fledged Islamic Bank focuses on 
Shariah-compliant banking products while MIDF is committed 
to moving businesses forward by providing investment and 
development financing as well as asset management services.  
WHAT  
MIDF 
OFFERS
Financing for SMEs 
& Mid-Tier 
Businesses 
 
Financing for 
large business 
 
Corporate 
Advisory 
 
IPO & Equity 
Solution 
 
Money Market 
Deposits 
Fixed Income 
Investment 
 
Private 
Investment 
 
Share Trading 
 
Share Margin 
Financing 
 
Unit Trusts 
 
Fund 
Management 
Section 02About MBSB
15
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 15

---- Page 18 ----
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CGC 28th FI/DFI SME 
Awards 2022 
Top Financial Institution 
Partner - ESG Category 
The Asset Asian Awards 
2023 
Best Sustainability Sukuk -  
300 million Ringgit Dual 
Trance Sustainability Wakala 
Sukuk Financial Institution 
Malaysia
Global Banking and 
Finance Awards 2023 
Best Mobile Banking 
App for Trade Finance 
Malaysia 
Global Banking 
and Finance 
Awards 2023 
Best Trade 
Finance Bank 
Malaysia 
NACRA Awards 2023 
Best Designed Annual Report 
- Silver Category  
17th Annual Borrower Issuer 
Awards 2023 -  
Alpha Southeast Asia 
Best Domestic M&A Deal of 
the Year Award 2023 
Chief 
Procurement 
Officer (CPO) 
Asia Summit 
2023 
Best 
Technology 
Partner 
Global Business Outlook 2023 
Most Innovative New Shariah 
Compliant Personal Financing 
Product: Ihsan-i
16
AWARDS AND 
ACCOLADES 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 16

---- Page 19 ----
Section 02About MBSB
Alpha Southeast Asia’s  
16th Annual Best Deal & 
Solution Awards 2022.  
Best Syndicated Loan of the 
Year 2022 
Multi-Currency Syndicated 
Facilities by OMS Group Berhad
20th Annual RAM 
League Awards 
Joint 3rd Place for 
Lead Manager 
Award 2022 and 
Joint 3rd Place for 
Lead Manager 
Award (Sukuk) 
2022
IFN Awards 2022 
Wakalah Deal of the 
Year 2022 
Alpha Southeast Asia’s  
17th Annual Best Deal  
& Solution Awards 2023  
Best Domestic M&A Deal of 
the Year in Malaysia 
RM1,014 million Disposal of 
PNB Berhad's stake in MIDF to 
MBSB; & Acquisition of MIDF 
from PNB; & Merger of  
MBSB & MIDF
Alpha Southeast Asia’s 
17th Annual Best Deal  
& Solution Awards 2023  
Best ASEAN Green SRI 
Sukuk of the Year 
reNIKOLA ASEAN Green SRI  
Sukuk Programme of up to 
RM390.0 million by reNIKOLA 
Solar II Sdn. Bhd. 
The Asset Triple A Islamic 
Finance Awards 2023  
Best Islamic Facilities 
Multi-Currency Syndicated 
Facilities by OMS Group Berhad
17
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 17

---- Page 20 ----
Malaysian Industrial 
Development Finance Berhad 
Registration No: 196001000082 (3755-M)
MIDF Amanah 
Investment Bank Berhad
Registration No: 197501002077 (23878-X) 
MIDF Amanah Investment 
Nominees (Asing) Sdn. Bhd.
Registration No: 199701025714 (441212-T) MIDF Amanah 
Asset Management Berhad
Registration No: 197201000162 (11804-D) 
Amanah International 
Finance Sdn. Bhd.
Registration No: 197301002486 (15951-D) 
MBSB Tower Sdn. Bhd.
Registration No: 201201039931 (1024409-X)
Malaysia Building Society Berhad
Registration No: 197001000172 (9417-K)
MIDF Amanah Capital Berhad
Registration No: 196301000039 (4953-P) 
MIDF DFI Berhad
Registration No: 198301007349 (102574-P) 
Omega Matrix (M) Sdn. Bhd.
Registration No: 200001027546 (530153-K) 
MIDF Amanah 
Investment Nominees 
(Tempatan) Sdn. Bhd.
Registration No: 199701025716 (441214-W) 
MIDF Amanah 
Ventures Sdn. Bhd.
Registration No: 199001013740 (205310-W) 
Oriental 1936 Berhad
Registration No:
 193601000037 (845-W)  
75.2%
Note:
Unless otherwise mentioned, shareholding is at 100%
MBSB Bank Berhad
Registration No: 200501033981 (716122-P)
Jana Kapital Sdn. Bhd.
Registration No: 201301012769 (1042607-U)
18
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
OUR CORPORATE 
STRUCTURE
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 18

---- Page 21 ----
Section 02About MBSB
19
OUR CORPORATE 
INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
Dato’ Wan Kamaruzaman bin Wan Ahmad 
Chairman/  
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
Puan Lynette Yeow Su-Yin 
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
Encik Sazaliza bin Zainuddin 
Non-Independent Executive Director 
 
Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mamat 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
Encik Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
Dr. Loh Leong Hua 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
Datuk (Dr.) Yasmin binti Mahmood 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
Encik Mohamed Rafe bin Mohamed Haneef 
 
COMPANY SECRETARIES 
 
Koh Ai Hoon (MAICSA 7006997)  
Practicing Certificate No.: 202308000225 
 
Pauline Ng Peck Kun (MAICSA 7029550) 
Practicing Certificate No.: 201908002573 
 
SHARE REGISTRAR 
 
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn. Bhd.   
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A 
Vertical Business Suite 
Avenue 3, Bangsar South 
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi 
59200 Kuala Lumpur 
Tel          : 03- 2783 9299   
Fax         : 03- 2783 9222  
Email      :  is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com 
Website : www.tricorglobal.com 
 
AUDITORS 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT  
LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146 
(Chartered Accountants) 
Level 10, 1 Sentral 
Jalan Rakyat, KL Sentral 
P O Box 10192 
50706 Kuala Lumpur 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
 
Level 25, Menara MBSB Bank, PJ Sentral 
Lot 12, Persiaran Barat, Seksyen 52 
46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor  
Tel          : 03-2096 3000  
Fax         : 03-7455 5108 
Email      : secretarial.division@mbsbbank.com 
Website  : www.mbsb.com.my  
 
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING 
 
Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad 
(Listed since 14 March 1972) 
Stock Code  : 1171 
Stock Name : MBSB 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 19

---- Page 22 ----
2023: THE YEAR 
IN REVIEW
22  Message from the Chief Executive Officer  
  MBSB Bank Berhad 
24 Message from the Chief Executive Officer  
  MIDF Berhad 
 
Business Reviews: 
 
26 Group Consumer 
28 Group Commercial 
30 Group Wholesale 
32 Calendar of Events 
44 Approach to Value Creation 
46 Value Creation Model 
48 Engaging Stakeholders 
52 Approach to Materiality 
54 Group Chief Risk Officer 
56 Key Risk and Mitigation 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 20

---- Page 23 ----
Strategic Reviews: 
 
59 Market Landscape and Outlook 
61 Financial Capital 
62 Human Capital 
64 Group Chief People Officer 
66 Intellectual Capital 
68 Group Chief Strategy Officer  
70 Manufactured Capital 
71 Natural Capital 
73 Social and Relationship Capital 
74 Five-Year Financial Highlights 
75 Our Strategy 
80 Sustainability 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 21

---- Page 24 ----
22
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB Bank registered a profit before tax of RM272.5 million for 
the year, with total assets of RM60.3 billion, gross financing and 
advances of RM39.6 billion, total deposits of RM42.1 billion and 
shareholders’ equity of RM7.9 billion as at 31 December 2023. The 
financing and advances grew by 4.4% for the year, supported by 
Consumer and Commercial financing. 
 
Strong Focus on Deposits 
 
We recognise that a strong performance in deposits is mission-
critical for growth. Our efforts are championed by market-leading 
term deposits and our signature Current and Savings Account 
CASA-i campaign, the SIMPAN BERGANDA MENANG BERGAYA 
(SBMB) series. The second instalment, SBMB 2.0, received a 
strong reception with over 50,000 entries, and we have continued 
the momentum with SBMB 3.0 to maintain the excitement in 
banking with us. 
 
In the second quarter of 2023, we introduced the ‘WINNERS 
ARE DREAMERS’ Campaign, which offers customers a chance 
to win an all-expenses-paid trip to England for an English 
Premier League (EPL) match. Open to individuals holding any 
MBSB Bank product, including Term Deposit-i, Junior Term 
Deposit-i, and various financing options, this campaign 
promotes financial literacy and combines the thrill of football to 
inspire big dreams. It strengthens the bond between MBSB 
Bank, the sport, and the community. 
 
Alongside these campaigns, MBSB Bank has launched a 
limited-edition debit card - the MBSB Bank Championship VISA 
Debit Card-i, specially designed for customers who are football 
enthusiasts. 
 
Innovations in Financing 
 
We have seen robust growth in financing, particularly in personal 
financing supported by EPF's Account 2 financing and property 
financing, notably first home financing, reaffirming MBSB Bank’s 
role as  Malaysia’s key home financier. 
 
The PF-i X Change campaign, offered 24-hour approval, credit 
consolidation, and no security deposit, attracted numerous 
applications through MBSB Bank’s M FAST platform, contributing 
to increase in our personal financing from the previous year. 
 
MESSAGE FROM THE  
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MBSB BANK BERHAD
Despite facing significant challenges in the banking 
industry in 2023, MBSB Bank actively pursued a 
transformation plan aimed at sustainably increasing 
our revenue and margins. Our strategy for the year 
focused on CASA growth, introducing differentiated 
products, expanding our portfolio, enhancing 
digitalisation, and enforcing strict cost discipline.
Our strategy for the year 
focused on CASA growth, 
introducing differentiated 
products, expanding our 
portfolio, enhancing 
digitalisation, and enforcing 
strict cost discipline.
‘‘
‘‘
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 22

---- Page 25 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
23
Ihsan-i was also introduced to enable customers to use the 
balance in their EPF Account 2 to facilitate personal financing, 
disbursing RM1.1 billion of financing. It also received recognition 
by the industry and was awarded the ‘Most Innovative New 
Shariah-Compliant Personal Financing Product’ by Global 
Business Outlook Awards 2023. 
 
Assisting First-Time Home Buyers 
 
MBSB Bank is committed to making the home buying process 
more accessible and manageable for individuals across all income 
groups. We view supporting first-time buyers as a form of 
community empowerment that also positively impacts economic 
growth. In 2023, the Bank approved RM373.0 million in financing 
for this purpose. Our total property financing disbursement for the 
year was RM1.7 billion, contributing 14.7% to the Bank’s overall 
financing growth. 
 
MBSB Bank’s Digital Milestones and Innovations 
 
MBSB Bank’s digital transformation marks a significant 
progression for us, reshaping our interactions with customers and 
stakeholders. With upgraded digital platforms, including the M 
JOURNEY suite and the introduction of new financial tools, we 
saw substantial growth in digital onboarding and transaction 
volumes. This shift underscores a growing preference for our 
convenient and secure digital options. Notably, the M JOURNEY 
Mobile App has tripled user engagement, recording RM1.7 million 
transactions totalling RM2.0 billion. New digital offerings, 
including M JOURNEY Corporate and M TRADE Mobile App, 
have strengthened our online banking and trade finance services. 
Our digital-first approach to personal finance is exemplified by 
Ihsan-i, which enhances customer support and engagement. We 
also digitised our Human Resourse Talent Assesment process 
enabling our managers to make faster and better decisions. 
 
Branch Transformation 
 
In 2023, MBSB Bank relocated several branches in Selangor 
(Wangsa Maju Branch), Kelantan (Kota Bharu Branch), Sabah 
(Sandakan Branch), and Putrajaya, to high-traffic areas to 
enhance accessibility. This branch transformation programme 
streamlined processes, reduced waiting times, and improved 
overall operational efficiency. 
 
Additionally, MBSB Bank branches have integrated digital 
technology into operations, including self-service kiosks, mobile 
banking options, and digital advisory services, demonstrating our 
commitment to staying relevant in the digital age. 
 
In addition to technological upgrades, these branches now 
emphasise providing personalised service and seamless interactions 
with customers. Furthermore, our branches actively participate in 
their local communities through events, sponsorships, and outreach 
programmes, underscoring our commitment to fostering strong 
relationships beyond traditional banking transactions. 
 
Human Resource 
 
MBSB Bank’s People & Culture Division is deeply committed to 
fostering an environment that supports the continuous development 
and well-being of its employees. Among the key initiatives are 
impactful programmes such as ‘Psychological Safety for Team 
Success’ and the ‘High Performance Leadership Masterclass’ 
designed to unlock employees' leadership potential by nurturing 
emotional intelligence and enhancing team dynamics. 
 
In parallel, the Graduate Employability Trainee programme (GEM) 
welcomed 42 exceptional new graduates in 2023, strengthening our 
talent pool. 
 
A standout initiative in our training framework is the Young Islamic 
Banker (YIB) Programme. YIB targets budding professionals 
interested in Islamic banking, providing them with in-depth, 
practical training in Shariah-compliant financial services, where 
participants gain valuable industry insights and hands-on 
experience. This will prepare them to become the next generation 
of Islamic banking leaders, in support of the broader development 
of the Islamic banking sector. 
 
Sustainability 
 
In 2023, MBSB Bank significantly impacted various communities 
through its CSR initiatives, with a strong focus on economic 
development, education, and environmental rehabilitation.  
 
The Bank’s most notable community impact involved allocating 
RM128 million to SME Financing through the BNM Fund to support 
local economic growth. Additionally, the Growth Entrepreneurship 
Assistance Programme (GRAP) dedicated RM818,300 to support 
50 micro entrepreneuers, reinforcing the Bank’s commitment to 
fostering entrepreneurship and community development. 
 
The Box of Care programme, involving six Projek Perumahan 
Rakyat, various charitable homes, six schools, members of the 
community surrounding our 47 branches, received RM574,419 
worth of groceries highlighting the Bank’s commitment to 
community welfare. 
 
Environmental initiatives included a tree planting collaboration 
with Langkawi Development Authority (LADA), with 1,000 trees 
saplings planted, and a fabric recycling project that collected 
75,000 kg of fabric, showcasing the Bank’s dedication to 
environmental conservation. These efforts, coupled with disaster 
relief and support programmes, underscore MBSB Bank’s strong 
tows on CSR, leveraging significant resources to make a 
substantial impact. 
 
Words of Appreciation 
 
I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to the members of the 
Board for their invaluable contributions and guidance, to our 
customers, for their continued trust and loyalty, our business 
partners for their steadfast support, and our shareholders for their 
enduring confidence and investment in our vision. Last but not 
least, I thank Warga MBSB for their unwavering commitment and 
hard work. Each of you plays a crucial role in our continued 
success and growth. 
 
 
Datuk Nor Azam M. Taib 
Chief Executive Officer 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 23

---- Page 26 ----
24
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MESSAGE FROM THE  
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MIDF BERHAD
Our longstanding 
partnerships with SMEs have 
been a fundamental element 
of our success. We are 
committed to fostering the 
growth of SMEs by providing 
customised financing 
solutions, comprehensive 
capacity-building 
programmes, and enhanced 
market access opportunities. 
‘‘
‘‘
Since MIDF’s inception in 1960, we have evolved from focusing primarily on Development Finance to 
encompassing a broad spectrum of financial services, including Investment Banking and Asset 
Management. This diversification enables us to offer a more comprehensive range of services tailored 
to the needs of corporate clients and high-net-worth individuals.
Joining the MBSB family in October 2023 marked the beginning of an exciting chapter in our journey, allowing us to significantl y 
enhance our role in reshaping Malaysia’s industrial development landscape. Our goal is clear: to provide robust financing solutions 
that foster broad-based industrial growth. 
 
Highlights of 2023: Strengthening Partnerships 
 
In our Investment Banking business, we continued to forge and strengthen strategic partnerships, delivering bespoke, innovative  
solutions that empower businesses and agencies. Our commitment to excellence in debt and equity transactions has been 
consistently recognised within the industry, reinforcing our reputation for creativity and effective execution that delivers substantial 
value to our clients. 
 
A standout example of our innovative approach last year was winning the "Best ASEAN Green SRI Sukuk of the Year" award for  
ASEAN Green SRI Sukuk Programme. Certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative, this transaction underscores MIDF Investment Bank’s 
commitment to advancing Islamic finance while promoting environmental sustainability. Through such initiatives, we are not only  
meeting the financial objectives of our clients but also contributing to a sustainable future, demonstrating our leadership in integrating 
ethical finance solutions with impactful environmental stewardship. 
 
Our longstanding partnerships with SMEs have been a fundamental element of our success. We are committed to fostering the 
growth of SMEs by providing customised financing solutions, comprehensive capacity-building programmes, and enhanced market 
access opportunities. We aim to equip SMEs with the tools they need to thrive in a dynamic and competitive environment, ultimately 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 24

---- Page 27 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
25
Customer’s Testimonial
‘‘
As a premier manufacturer specialising in poultry plucking 
fingers, fostering robust partnerships with reputable financial 
institutions is paramount to our success. At C-Tech Rubber 
(M) Sdn. Bhd. , we recognise the pivotal role that MIDF plays 
in facilitating our journey towards becoming a prominent 
global supplier of top-tier, food-grade rubber plucking fingers 
for cutting-edge poultry processing facilities. 
 
Through MIDF’s comprehensive suite of financial solutions, 
we have been empowered to realise our expansion 
aspirations and strategically invest in upgrading our 
equipment. This steadfast support enables us to meet the 
growing demand for our superior products efficiently and 
effectively. 
 
At C-Tech Rubber, we are committed to upholding the 
highest standards of quality and innovation in our industry. 
With MIDF as our trusted financial partner, we are 
poised to continue our trajectory of growth and 
excellence, delivering unparalleled value to our 
customers worldwide. Together, we are forging 
a path towards sustained success as a leading 
vendor in the global poultry processing industry.
Puan Dewi Adam 
Managing Director 
C-Tech Rubber (M) Sdn. Bhd. 
‘‘
strengthening economic resilience and stimulating job creation. 
By empowering these vital businesses, we not only fuel their 
success but also contribute significantly to the broader economic 
landscape. 
 
In our Development Finance division, we launched a dedicated 
financing plan for women, designed to empower and uplift the 
economic contributions of women entrepreneurs. The SME Self-
Employed Women Entrepreneurs (M-WiSE) programme, 
supported by MBSB Bank, offers more than just financial 
assistance; it provides comprehensive support to enhance the 
operational, financial, and strategic facets of women-owned 
SMEs to address their unique challenges in securing financing 
and growing their businesses. 
 
In Asset Management, we made strides with innovative products 
such as the Tokio Marine Total Return Finite Fund -1 (MIDF TM 
TR Finite 1) and the MIDF Amanah Low Risk Sukuk Fund. The 
former, a targeted three-year closed-ended wholesale fund, offers 
sophisticated investors the opportunity for capital growth through 
active medium-term investment strategies. The latter broadens 
our portfolio with access to high-grade, liquid fixed income 
securities, meeting the evolving demands of our investors. 
 
Strengthened by Our Merger with MBSB 
 
The merger with MBSB has fortified our financial base, enabling 
us to undertake larger and more ambitious projects while 
adhering to stringent risk management practices. It has also 
expanded our network through MBSB Bank’s extensive 
branches, enhancing our reach and effectiveness, particularly in 
the Development Finance sector. 
 
Looking Forward 
 
As we move forward, MIDF is poised for a future characterised 
by heightened synergy, innovation, and sustainable growth. Our 
integrated approach, combined with the robust backing of our 
stakeholders, positions us to drive forward Malaysia’s industrial 
development agenda. 
 
Acknowledgments 
 
I extend my heartfelt gratitude to our Board members for their 
invaluable advice, to our clients for their continued trust, to our 
partners for their steadfast support, and to our investors for 
believing in our vision. A special thank you to the entire MIDF 
team, whose dedication and teamwork are the backbone of our 
success. Together, we are setting new benchmarks in Malaysia’s 
financial landscape, and I am thrilled about what we can achieve 
together in the years to come. 
 
 
Azizi Mustafa  
Chief Executive Officer  
‘‘
‘‘
The merger with MBSB has 
fortified our financial base, 
enabling us to undertake 
larger and more ambitious 
projects while adhering to 
stringent risk management 
practices.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 25

---- Page 28 ----
26
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BUSINESS REVIEW:  
GROUP CONSUMER  
At our Consumer Banking Division, we offer comprehensive Shariah-compliant banking solutions 
tailored for individual customers. Our product suite includes deposit accounts, various financing 
options such as personal and property financing, wealth management and investments, 
bancassurance, and foreign exchange services. Customers can access these offerings through a 
variety of delivery channels, including branch counters, online and mobile banking, and self-service 
through ATM/CRM terminals, facilitating seamless financial transactions.
Our focus remains steadfast on our 
strategic transformation plans, which 
include reshaping our portfolio, 
investing in key growth areas, 
maintaining stringent cost control, 
and strengthening risk management 
and system resilience.
‘‘ ‘‘
Overview 
 
Despite a challenging post-pandemic economic environment 
marked by headwinds and inflationary pressures, we achieved 
our targeted revenue and profit. In 2023, we recorded a revenue 
of RM460.30 million and a Profit Before Tax (PBT) of RM37.70 
million. Our performance was primarily driven by robust growth 
in financing, particularly in personal financing supported by EPF 
Account 2 financing and property financing, notably first home 
financing, reaffirming MBSB’s role as Malaysia’s premier home 
financier. 
  
A strong proposition in deposits was instrumental to our growth, 
and this was led by market-leading term deposits and our 
signature CASA-i campaign, SIMPAN BERGANDA MENANG 
BERGAYA (SBMB) series. 
 
  
Branch Transformation and Distribution Network 
 
We have embarked on a Branch Transformation plan which 
enhances the banking experience by upgrading the design of our 
branches and relocating some to high-traffic areas to improve 
accessibility. Our strong sales team and dedicated front-liners 
were key to our growth in 2023. 
  
Challenges and Strategic Focus 
 
The overall business performance faced challenges from both 
external economic factors and internal issues such as Fund 
Transfer Pricing (FTP) cost allocation, increased operational costs 
due to resource reallocation and a rise in Expected Credit Losses 
(ECL), which impacted our PBT despite a stable topline number. 
We are committed to strengthening our product offerings, 
acquiring quality customers, and enhancing operational efficiency 
to drive business growth and deliver value to our customers and 
shareholders. 
  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 26

---- Page 29 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
27
As part of a three-year strategic plan, we aim to lower costs, increase the CASA ratio, achieve financing growth, and generate higher 
non-funded income, which will contribute positively to an improved Return On Equity (ROE). The merger with MIDF presents additional 
opportunities for consumer banking to capitalise on new products and services and facilitate cross-selling. 
 
Industry Recognition 
 
In 2023, we were honoured with the Global Business Outlook Award for the Most Innovative New Shariah-Compliant Personal 
Financing Product (Ihsan-i), underscoring our commitment to innovation in Islamic financing. 
  
2024 Outlook 
 
The gradual economic improvement in 2023 has bolstered customer spending and is expected to continue propelling growth across 
all key segments in 2024. However, the current environment calls for caution due to persistent uncertainties from geopolitical tensions 
and ongoing inflationary pressures. 
  
Our focus remains steadfast on our strategic transformation plans, which include reshaping our portfolio, investing in key growth 
areas, maintaining stringent cost control, and strengthening risk management and system resilience. We are committed to driving  
growth in financing, sustainable deposits, and fee income, optimising Risk-Adjusted Return On Capital (RAROC), expanding our 
affluent and wealth management services, and enhancing digital offerings and customer acquisition. Ultimately, our goal is to achieve 
sustainable growth and improved profitability through efficient cost management and continuous process improvement. 
 
 
Usman Ghouse 
Head, Group Consumer   
One of MBSB Bank's most effective CASA-i campaigns would be SIMPAN BERGANDA MENANG BERGAYA. Here, Encik Lai Thong Fat from Tebrau, Johor Bahru 
brought home a Mercedes Benz GLC 300 Coupe after winning the SBMB 2.0 grand draw prize.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 27

---- Page 30 ----
28
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BUSINESS REVIEW: 
GROUP COMMERCIAL 
In 2023, our total financing approvals 
amounted to RM4.2 billion, marking a 
significant milestone for our division. 
Enterprise Banking exhibited 
remarkable growth, securing financing 
approvals of RM1.8 billion compared 
to RM473.0 million in 2022.
‘‘ ‘‘
As the Group Head of Commercial at MBSB, I am proud to acknowledge the pivotal role our division 
played in achieving remarkable milestones and navigating challenges throughout 2023. Despite 
encountering hurdles and undergoing a reshuffle within our business unit, including the official transfer 
of Trade Business to Commercial Banking in November 2023, we remained resilient and unwavering in 
our commitment to success.
Through our relationship managers, we connect businesses to 
opportunities by providing a range of financial solutions tailored 
to meet our customers’ needs including facilities and schemes 
for Term Financing, Working Capital, Trade, Industrial Hire 
Purchase, Contract Financing and  Commercial Property.  
Additionally, we support our customers in becoming more 
sustainable and grant them access to products and services 
offered by other parts of the Group. 
 
In 2023, our total financing approvals amounted to RM4.2 billion, 
marking a significant milestone for our division. Enterprise 
Banking exhibited remarkable growth, securing financing 
approvals of RM1.8 billion compared to RM473.0 million in 2022. 
Furthermore, Equipment Financing continued to demonstrate 
resilience, achieving commendable financing approvals totaling 
RM699 million. Notably, Trade Business, which became part of 
Commercial Banking in November 2023, made a substantial 
contribution, registering impressive approvals amounting to 
RM1.6 billion. These achievements underscore our commitment 
to delivering exceptional financial solutions and fostering growth 
opportunities for our customers. 
 
Our division closed the year with a robust financing stock, 
boasting a total of RM2.3 billion providing a solid foundation for 
2024, aligning with Commercial Banking's target net growth of 
RM1.7 billion.  
 
Introduction of M-Government Guarantee Scheme (M-GGS)  
 
We introduced M-Government Guarantee Scheme (M-GGS) in 
May 2023 to Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and Mid-
Sized Companies (MSCs). This scheme, established through an 
agreement with Syarikat Jaminan Pembiayaan Perniagaan 
Berhad (SJPP), aims to support the development of SMEs and 
MSCs by assisting them in managing working capital and 
investing in capital expenditure. M-GGS enhances the growth 
agenda for these businesses, recognising their significant 
contribution to the economy. The introduction of the programme 
has further demonstrated our commitment to facilitating financial 
success. By offering accessible and well-structured financing 
options, we have supported various projects, contributing to 
economic vibrancy. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 28

---- Page 31 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
29
As at 31 December 2023, M-GGS achieved RM304 million in 
approvals, securing 141 new customers for the Bank. 
Impressively, all financing remains performing. 
 
Post-Merger Evolution  
 
The evolution of our division’s role has been transformative, 
positioning us as a pivotal force within the newly enlarged entity. 
Notably, our role has expanded to encompass Group Commercial 
Banking, overseeing the Development Finance Business of MIDF . 
This strategic shift signifies a comprehensive approach to 
commercial banking that extends beyond our traditional boundaries.  
As Group Commercial Banking, our responsibilities have now 
extended to a broader spectrum, integrating the unique strengths 
and capabilities of both entities. The merger has allowed us to 
leverage synergies and create a more robust platform to serve 
our customers and stakeholders. We are not only shaping the 
financial landscape but actively contributing to the developmental 
finance sector through overseeing MIDF's development business. 
 
The amalgamation of resources, expertise, and market presence 
strategically enables us to deliver more comprehensive solutions 
to our clients. With a combined customer database now reaching 
close to 15,000, we are poised to foster growth and resilience in 
an ever-evolving economic environment. 
 
Moreover, the expansion of our role into the Development 
Finance Business underscores our commitment to driving 
economic development and supporting key sectors that are 
instrumental in nation-building. By operating in this domain, we 
are better equipped to facilitate and provide financial solutions 
to projects that contribute to sustainable growth and address 
developmental needs in various industries. 
 
The merger has allowed us to actively contribute to development 
initiatives  by overseeing MIDF's Development Finance Business 
and its projects in targeted sectors such as Aerospace, Retail, 
Manufacturing, High-tech and Renewable energy, and Agrofood, 
we are playing a role in building a sustainable and thriving 
economy. 
 
In addition to our financial accomplishments, our division 
successfully completed the splitting exercise, and revised the 
policies and procedures for Islamic Contract Financing, Early 
Care, Watchlist, and Impairment Classification. 
 
Diversification of Non-Funded Income 
 
In 2024, our division is poised to achieve significant milestones 
and contribute to the Group’s overarching goals. Targeting growth 
in Net Funded Income (NFI), we aim to strengthen our revenue 
streams by 2% - 3% in 2024. Focusing on expanding our NFI 
sources, we plan to enhance fee-based services, and other NFI 
avenues through trade-based initiatives and non-trade-based 
finance business.  This strategy aims to create a more balanced 
and resilient income portfolio for Group Commercial Banking.  
 
Our division aspires to contribute significantly to the Bank’s 
overall new sustainable and transition finance growth targets by 
20% - 25%.  
 
Overseeing the Development Finance Business of MIDF , we plan 
to expand our path in development financing. This involves 
financing projects that contribute to economic development and 
sustainability. These milestones reflect our commitment to 
growth. By achieving these goals, we aim to not only elevate our 
division's performance but also contribute significantly to the 
overall success and positive impact of the Group in 2024 and 
beyond. 
 
 
Che Nazari Che Azid 
Head, Group Commercial  
‘‘
As a valued customer of MBSB Bank, we have had a truly 
remarkable experience. The clear communication channels 
established have been exceptional, ensuring every query is 
promptly and completely addressed.  
  
Moreover, the swift processing of transactions has 
significantly enhanced the efficiency of my/our business 
operations. The teams at MBSB Bank demonstrate 
remarkable professionalism and dedication, fostering a 
cohesive environment where every member works as one.  
  
These efforts greatly support our capital-intensive operations 
at Juara Partners, allowing us to provide purpose-driven 
financing quickly and effectively, with the aim of uplifting the 
lives of our deserving customers. 
  
MBSB Bank’s commitment to 
excellence stands out, making our 
banking experience truly remarkable 
and satisfying.
‘‘
Encik Aniljit Singh A/L 
Hari Singh 
Director 
Juara Partners Sdn. Bhd. 
Customer’s Testimonial
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 29

---- Page 32 ----
30
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Our financial performance in 2023 
underscores our dedication to 
exploring innovative opportunities, 
seamlessly integrating them into the 
Group's strategic direction.
‘‘ ‘‘
MBSB’s Wholesale Banking encompasses MBSB 
Bank’s Corporate Banking Division, MIDF 
Investment Bank, MIDF Asset Management and 
respective treasury divisions. These entities offer 
diversified financial services to corporate and 
institutional clients across various sectors and 
geographic locations.
In 2023, our Corporate Banking team disbursed RM2.08 billion 
in financing, marking the first instance of our financing portfolio 
extending beyond Malaysia with projects in the United Kingdom 
(UK) and Australia. During the review period, the division 
generated a total PBT of RM151 million.  
 
Our financial performance in 2023 underscores our dedication to 
exploring innovative opportunities, seamlessly integrating them 
into the Group's strategic direction. Simultaneously, the team 
prioritised fostering relationships with key industry players, 
including Government-linked investment companies (GLICs) and 
Government-linked companies (GLCs). In 2023, the Corporate 
Banking team initiated a strategic financing collaboration with 
Mass Rapid Transit Corporation Sdn Bhd (MRT Corp) to provide 
financing facilities for its Bumiputera vendors under a vendor 
financing programme. 
 
Key transactions for Corporate Banking in 2023 include: 
 
1. Two cross-border real estate transactions for clients of 
MBSB Bank with a combined value in excess of RM1.25 
billion with  a GLIC in United Kingdom 
 
2. Cross-border financing for residential apartment 
construction by a GLC in Australia, valued at approximately 
RM680 million. 
 
3. Project financing for a real estate development in the heart 
of Kuala Lumpur, valued at RM200 million. 
 
4. RM400 million worth of working capital financing for a major 
infrastructure operator.  
 
5. Unrated Sukuk programme to partially finance a receivables 
backed transaction valued at RM30 million. 
 
Additionally, MBSB Bank participated in the CAKNA scheme, a 
non-debt-based facility introduced by BNM to provide quick 
liquidity to Government vendors for financing supply and service 
contracts. Over the past two years, the Bank has been a 
prominent contributor to the programme, accounting for over 
60% of the total CAKNA portfolio in the market. 
 
BUSINESS REVIEW: 
GROUP WHOLESALE  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 30

---- Page 33 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
31
The expansion of our Investment Banking 
 
MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad (MAIB)  is known for its 
comprehensive investment-banking related services, impeccable 
structuring and execution prowess, and unparalleled relationship 
networks. As a leading mid-size investment bank, MAIB serves 
as a strategic partner, empowering businesses, agencies, and 
organizations with tailored innovative solutions. 
 
Its accolades in debt and equity deals underscore its ability to 
innovate and execute transactions that create tangible value for 
clients. Notably, a Sukuk transaction originated and co-led by 
MAIB for a reneweble energy client was awarded the ‘Best Asian 
Green SRI Sukuk of the Year’ 2023. This landmark transaction, 
certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative, highlights MAIB's 
commitment to promoting Islamic finance and environmental 
sustainability. 
 
By delivering innovative financial solutions, MAIB addresses 
global challenges such as climate change while driving value for 
its clients. Central to its proposition is MAIB’s strong structuring 
and execution capability, backed by seasoned professionals with 
deep industry insights. Whether structuring complex debt 
instruments or executing equity deals, MAIB's track record 
speaks volumes about its ability to deliver results efficiently. 
 
 
Fund Management Services through MIDF Amanah Asset 
Management  
 
In 2023, MIDF Amanah Asset Management Berhad successfully 
launched 2 products namely the MIDF-TM TR Finite Fund-1 
(MTTFF1) and the MIDF Amanah LR Sukuk Fund (MALRSF). 
MTTFF1 is a three-year closed ended global equity wholesale 
fund. The fund is a joint collaboration with Tokio Marine Asset 
Management International Pte. Ltd. MTTFF1 is catered to 
sophisticated investors who seek targeted capital growth via 
active investment strategies in medium-term period. Meanwhile, 
the MALRSF provides investors with a low-risk investment fund 
that invests in liquid high grade fixed income securities. 
 
Notable achievements from MBSB Bank's Financial Markets 
Division 
 
MBSB Bank's Financial Markets Division not only met but 
exceeded its PBT target by achieving 102.93% against the target. 
Additionally, they successfully launched innovative financial 
products such as Islamic Profit Rate Swap, Islamic Cross 
Currency Swap, Islamic Callable Range Accruals (ICRA). Notably, 
the division also made significant stride through its first foreign 
Sell Buy Back Agreement (SBBA) and Collateralised Commodity 
Murabahah (CCM) for GBP100 million funding, showcasing their 
prowess in the financial market. 
 
 
Rafe Haneef 
Acting Head, Group Wholesale 
MBSB Bank Berhad together with Bank Islam Malaysia Berhad signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with 59 Inc. Sdn. Bhd. to offer property and bridging 
financing for the first phase of Kota Semarak Galleria in Kuala Lumpur.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 31

---- Page 34 ----
CALENDAR OF 
EVENTS
JANUARY 
FEBRUARY 
MBSB Bank has reinforced its commitment to maintaining a high level of accountability 
and transparency by signing the Corporate Integrity Pledge. The Bank pledges its 
support for Anti-Corruption Principles for Corporations in Malaysia and upholds a Zero 
Tolerance Policy on Corruption. The ceremony was witnessed by Datuk Wan Suraya 
Wan Mohd Radzi, Chief Executive Officer of Malaysian Integrity Institute.
9 February 
MBSB Bank Health Screening and Blood Donation Drive
13 February 
MBSB Bank Mangrove Tree Planting 
in Kedah
In ensuring the well-being of its 
employees, MBSB Bank organised a 
health screening and blood donation drive 
at Menara MBSB Bank where 190 
employees participated. 
MBSB Bank sponsored the planting of 
1,000 tree saplings in Kilim Mangrove 
Sanctuary, Langkawi, which was led by 
the MBSB Bank Langkawi Branch in 
collaboration with Langkawi Development 
Authority (LADA) and Pejabat Pendidikan 
Daerah Langkawi, involving various 
schools and students as volunteers. 
26 January 
Signing Ceremony Between  
MBSB Bank and CelcomDigi
MBSB Bank signed a MoU with 
CelcomDigi as part of its continuous 
digitalisation journey to future-proof its 
banking operations and enrich customers’ 
experiences. It was officialised by Datuk 
Nor Azam M. Taib, Chief Executive Officer 
of MBSB Bank and Datuk Idham Nawawi, 
Chief Executive Officer of CelcomDigi.
15 January 
Signing Ceremony Between  
MBSB Bank and 59 Inc. Sdn. Bhd. 
MBSB Bank entered into a Memorandum 
of Understanding (MoU) with 59 Inc.  
Sdn. Bhd., a joint venture property 
development company owned by TH 
Properties Sdn. Bhd.  and Malaysian 
Resources Corporation Berhad.
31 January  
MBSB Bank Reinforces its Integrity Pledge
32
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 32

---- Page 35 ----
FEBRUARY 
9 March 
Official Opening of MBSB Bank Kota Bharu Branch
17 March
MBSB Bank Soup Kitchen 
The opening of MBSB Bank Kota Bharu Branch remains 
significant, as some customers still prefer face-to-face 
interactions for detailed financial advice, despite the growth of 
digital banking. It was officiated by Dato’ Azlan Shahrim, Chief 
Strategy Officer of MBSB Bank.
15 February
Signing Ceremony Between  
MBSB Bank and UiTM
MBSB Bank and Universiti Teknologi 
MARA (UiTM) have signed a MoU to 
enhance financial education for students 
through learning programmes and financial 
management initiatives, aimed at fostering 
academic and business development. It 
was officialised by Datuk Nor Azam M. Taib, 
Chief Executive Officer of MBSB Bank and 
Prof. Ts. Dr. Hajah Roziah Mohd Janor, Vice 
Chancellor of UiTM.
The signing of Memorandum of 
Agreement between MBSB Bank and 
MYDIN mobilised targeted campaigns 
throughout the year. It also involved joint 
branding efforts through the opening of 
MBSB Bank's Pop-Up Branches at 
selected MYDIN outlets nationwide and 
activation of customer engagements and 
acquisition initiatives. It was officialised by 
Datuk Nor Azam M. Taib, Chief Executive 
Officer and Datuk Wira (Dr.) Haji Ameer Ali 
Mydin, Managing Director of Mydin 
Mohamed Holdings Berhad.
MARCH 
3 March
Signing Ceremony Between MBSB Bank and PREC
7 March 
Signing Ceremony Between MBSB Bank and MYDIN
MBSB Bank and PKNS Real Estate Sdn. Bhd. (PREC) have inked a MoU to collaborate 
on driving cashless transactions and empowering SMEs. The signing was done by 
Datuk Nor Azam M. Taib, Chief Executive Officer of MBSB Bank and Sr. Fakru Radzi Ab 
Ghani, Chief Executive Officer of PREC.
11 March 
SBMB 2.0 First Quarter Draw Prize Giving Ceremony 
MBSB Bank’s employees volunteered to distribute 250 food 
packs to those in need at Pusat Transit Gelandangan, Kuala 
Lumpur.
MBSB Bank organised a prize-giving ceremony for the SIMPAN 
BERGAYA MENANG BERGAYA CASA-i campaign's first-quarter 
draw, which took place at MYDIN Supermarket in Tunjong, Kota 
Bharu. Prizes were awarded to the winners of the Main Draw 
Category and the Regional High Savings Draw Category in the 
East Coast Region. The lucky winner of the category was 
Mohamad Jefri Mohamad from Kuala Terengganu, who took 
home a Mercedes Benz A 200. The prize was presented by 
MBSB Bank's Chief Operating Officer, Encik Jesleigh Johari.
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
33
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 33

---- Page 36 ----
CALENDAR OF 
EVENTS
MARCH 
21 March
Launch of M TRADE Mobile App
MBSB Bank launched its trade finance mobile application named 
'M TRADE Mobile App,' providing greater convenience through a 
one-stop solution. The app offers mobile trade finance features such 
as instant online requests via scan upload, document pick-up, and 
real-time information on facility limits and transaction status.
25 March
MBSB Bank Box of Care Distribution Through  
Kelab Ibu Prihatin
MBSB Bank distributed basic food items to 50 families who were 
registered with Kelab Ibu Prihatin, a non-governmental 
Organisation located in Ampang, Selangor that is dedicated to 
assisting the under privileged groups.
18 March 
MBSB Bank Upcycling Workshop 
In conjunction with World Recycling Day, MBSB Bank 
organised a session where 20 employees participated in an 
upcycling workshop that taught how to turn T-shirts into tote 
bags. 
18 March 
Signing Ceremony Between MBSB Bank and AFL
Through the Sponsorship Agreement signed between MBSB 
Bank and the Amateur Football League (AFL), the operator of 
semi-professional leagues in the country, Liga M3 was branded 
as the MBSB Bank Championship.
34
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 34

---- Page 37 ----
11 April 
Signing Ceremony between MBSB Bank and MRT Corp
MBSB Bank offers a specially designed financing programme to 
contractors and vendors involved in current and future projects 
by Mass Rapid Transit Corporation Sdn. Bhd. (MRT Corp) 
including the Rapid Transit System Link Project between Johor 
Bahru  and Singapore. The MoU was signed by Datuk Nor Azam 
M. Taib, Chief Executive Officer of MBSB Bank and Datuk Mohd 
Zarif Hashim, Chief Executive Officer of MRT Corp.
14 April
MBSB Bank Contributes to Earthquake Victims in Turkiye 
and Syria
MBSB Bank contributed RM200,000 to support the earthquake 
victims in Turkey and Syria. It was channelled through Islamic 
Relief Malaysia (IR Malaysia), leveraging their extensive CSR 
network to ensure effective aid distribution. The contribution was 
presented by Dato’ Azlan Shahrim, Chief Strategy Officer of 
MBSB Bank to Encik Mohd Shukor Tahir, Chief Executive Officer 
of IR Malaysia.
MAY 
22 May 
SBMB 2.0 Second Quarter Draw Prize Giving Ceremony
In rewarding its loyal customers, MBSB Bank organised a prize giving ceremony for the 
SIMPAN BERGANDA MENANG BERGAYA CASA-i campaign’s second quarter draw 
which took place at MYDIN Supermarket in Bukit Mertajam, Penang. Encik Ramanathan 
Rajoo, Chief Financial Officer of MBSB Bank presented the prize to the lucky winner, 
Mr. Ong Chin Eng who drove home a brand new Mercedes Benz C200.
16 May 
Gegar Raya MBSB Bank
In fostering inclusivity and bringing 
employees together, MBSB Bank 
organised a Hari Raya Open House at 
Menara MBSB Bank, PJ Sentral.
APRIL
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
35
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 35

---- Page 38 ----
CALENDAR OF 
EVENTS
28 June 
MBSB 53rd Annual General Meeting 
MBSB organised its 53 rd AGM where all resolutions were approved by shareholders 
through online voting and the Group reported RM460.19 million in Profit After Tax (PAT).
JULY 
1 July
Appointment of MBSB GCEO and 
MBSB Bank CEO
MBSB welcomed Encik Rafe Haneef as 
Group Chief Executive Officer and Datuk 
Nor Azam M. Taib was appointed as Chief 
Executive Officer of MBSB Bank.
MBSB Bank contributed RM150,000 to two charitable homes 
registered under YaPEIM with the aims to develop homes for the 
needy.
MBSB Bank extends its Growth Entrepreneurship Assistance 
Programme (GRAP) that serves to promote  sustainable income. 
GRAP 2.0 provides business capital, equipment and business 
management training to targeted micro entrepreneurs from Bangi, 
Kajang and Semenyih in Selangor.
JUNE 
13 June
MBSB Bank contributes to MyHaus Initiative by Yayasan 
Pembangunan Ekonomi Islam Malaysia (YaPEIM)
22 June
Launch of GRAP 2.0 
36
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:25 PM  Page 36

---- Page 39 ----
7 July
International Social Wellbeing 
Conference 2023 (ISWC)
MBSB Bank was the platinum sponsor for 
ISWC  which is an annual conference that 
serves as a knowledge platform for a 
broad spectrum of  promoting greater 
awareness and spark discussions on 
social wellbeing among leaders, policy 
makers, private practitioners, as well as 
the public. 
JULY 
11 July 
MBSB Bank Mangrove Planting in 
Banting, Selangor 
MBSB Bank initiated a mangrove tree 
planting activity to help improve the 
mangrove ecosystem in Banting, 
Selangor. The Bank planted 100 
mangrove saplings through 53 volunteers 
contributing 265 hours into the ‘Volunteer 
Hours’ register.  
12 July
Hybrid Townhall with GCEO
During a hybrid townhall session, Group Chief Executive Officer, Encik Rafe Haneef 
connected with the employees and kept them inspired by sharing the transformation 
plan as the Group's goals. 
14 July 
MBSB Bank Signing Ceremony with 
PR1MA
MBSB Bank has signed two MoUs with  
PR1MA Corporation (PR1MA) and 
Syarikat Jaminan Kredit Perumahan 
Berhad (SJKP) to increase the rate of 
home ownership among Malaysians.
22 July 
MBSB Bank Mangrove Tree Planting 
in Sabah 
MBSB Bank's Tree Planting Programme 
headed to Sabah, where 30 employees 
from the Sabah region participated as 
volunteers. A total of 100 mangrove 
saplings were planted to aid in the 
rehabilitation and conservation of the area. 
This activity also contributed to 240 
volunteer hours. Additionally, an upcycling 
workshop was organised, during which 
participants learned how to turn plastic 
containers into keychains.
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
37
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 37

---- Page 40 ----
CALENDAR OF 
EVENTS
JULY AUGUST 
28 July 
Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM)
MBSB held its Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM), during which shareholders 
approved the proposed acquisition of the entire equity interest of Malaysian Industrial 
Development Finance Berhad (MIDF) from Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB). The 
meeting was chaired by Senior Independent Non-Executive Director, Puan Lynette Yeow 
Su-Yin.
16 August
Launch of WINNERS ARE 
DREAMERS and  
DARE TO DREAM CAMPAIGN
In conjunction with the MBSB Bank 
Championship, MBSB Bank kick-started 
the 'WINNERS ARE DREAMERS' 
campaign, offering participants the 
opportunity of a lifetime to win an all-
expenses-paid trip to England to watch 
the English Premier League (EPL). 
Additionally, the 'DARE TO DREAM' 
campaign was crafted especially for 
young customers, providing them with 
the chance to train with Wolverhampton 
Wanderers.
AUGUST 
30 August 
MBSB Bank Education Excellence 
and High Education Award
MBSB Bank has always been an advocate 
for academic excellence and takes great 
pride in its employees who have 
successfully completed higher education. 
Demonstrating its commitment to 
rewarding hard work and dedication, the 
Bank presented cash prizes to those who 
attained academic excellence. 
Furthermore, the Bank also recognised the 
children of MBSB Bank employees who 
excelled in their national examinations.
In driving operational efficiencies and 
enhancing customer experience, MBSB 
Bank transformed the Wangsa Maju 
branch, aligning with the Bank's 
objective to strengthen its branch 
network and foster relationships with 
local communities. The event was 
attended by MBSB's GCEO, Encik Rafe 
Haneef, MBSB Bank's CEO, Datuk Nor 
Azam M. Taib, and senior leadership of 
MBSB Bank.
7 September
Relocation of MBSB Bank Wangsa Maju branch
SEPTEMBER 
38
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 38

---- Page 41 ----
SEPTEMBER 
23 September
SBMB 2.0  Third Quarter Draw Prize 
Giving Ceremony 
26 September 
MBSB Bank Mangrove Tree 
Planting Pantai in Baging, Kuantan, 
Pahang
A total of 17 lucky winners were awarded 
at the SIMPAN BERGANDA MENANG 
BERGAYA CASA-i 2.0 campaign (SBMB 
2.0) second quarter prize presentation 
ceremony at MYDIN Mall, Mutiara Rini, 
Johor Bahru. Among the winners, Encik 
Lai Thong Fat from Tebrau, Johor Bahru, 
drove home a Mercedes Benz GLC 300 
Coupe.
35 volunteers from MBSB Bank’s East 
Coast Regional Office planted 100 tree 
saplings at Pantai Baging in Balok, 
Kuantan. Following the tree planting 
activity, an upcycling workshop was also 
conducted.
7 September
Launch of M JOURNEY Corporate 
MBSB Bank launched M JOURNEY 
Corporate, a platform that provides its 
corporate customers with digital 
transaction banking and offers new full-
suite Cash Management Solutions to 
service businesses.
30 SEPTEMBER TO 7 OCTOBER 
30 September - 7 October
Minggu Amanah Saham Malaysia (MSAM 2023)
MIDF was a strategic partner of Minggu Saham Amanah Malaysia 2023 (MSAM 2023), 
which was held from 30 September until 7 October in Bertam, Pulau Pinang. Organised 
by Permodalan Nasional Berhad, the event focused on investment education delivered 
in an interactive and entertaining manner, aiming to educate and empower Malaysians 
with knowledge on investment and financial planning.
3 October
MIDF-AKPK Collaboration Provides 
Financial Lifeline to Targeted SMEs
MIDF and Agensi Kaunseling dan 
Pengurusan Kredit (AKPK) exchanged a 
MoU, marking a collaboration in providing 
assistance to businesses facing 
challenges and financial difficulties, 
particularly SMEs. The exchange was 
carried out between Encik Azizi Mustafa, 
Chief Executive Officer of MIDF and Encik 
Azaddin Ngah Tasir, Chief Executive 
Officer of AKPK. It was witnessed by YB 
Senator Tengku Datuk Seri Utama Zafrul 
Tengku Abdul Aziz, the Minister of 
Investment, Trade, and Industry.
OCTOBER
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
39
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 39

---- Page 42 ----
CALENDAR OF 
EVENTS
OCTOBER
11 October 
MBSB Bank Mangrove Tree Planting in Sarawak 
It was an impactful and productive final leg of MBSB Bank's Mangrove Tree Planting, 
joined by 32 employees from the Sarawak region. A total of 105 mangrove saplings 
were planted, which are essential to help combat climate change, improve air quality, 
and preserve biodiversity. Additionally, an upcycling workshop was conducted where 
employees learned how to transform wood pieces and plastic bottles into hand-held 
brooms. The activity contributed 214 volunteer hours and was aligned with the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goal (UNSDG) #13, Climate Action.
11 October 
MBSB Bank - Perlis Amateur Open 
2023 
MBSB Bank served as the main sponsor 
for the inaugural golf tournament, which 
aimed to bring together strategic 
business partners for networking while 
simultaneously accelerating economic 
activities and enhancing the business 
landscape in Perlis state.
11 October 
MIDF Roundtable Dialogue Session: 
Laying the Tracks of Tomorrow:  
The first event of the series featured YB 
Anthony Loke Siew Fook, Minister of 
Transport. The event was held in Kuala 
Lumpur and attended by more than 200 
guests. During the event, the Transport 
Minister discussed and answered 
questions on the vital role of 
transportation in driving Malaysia’s 
economic development.
12 October 
MBSB Hybrid Townhall with MBSB 
Bank and MIDF 
A hybrid townhall session was organised 
to welcome MIDF , now part of the 
extended family of MBSB Group. Led by 
Encik Rafe Haneef, Group Chief Executive 
Officer of MBSB, it was joined by more 
than 1,000 employees of the Group via 
online streaming, in addition to the 150 
employees present physically at the 
Auditorium in Menara MBSB Bank,  
PJ Sentral.
12 October
MIDF Sabah Branch New Office 
Opening Ceremony and MIDF 
Automation & Digital Forum 
MIDF launched its new Sabah branch 
office, with the ceremony graced by YB 
Datuk Phoong Jin Zhe, the State Minister 
of Industrial Development and 
Entrepreneurship of Sabah. Subsequently, 
YB Datuk Phoong proceeded to Le 
Meridien, Kota Kinabalu, to deliver the 
keynote address at MIDF's Sabah edition 
of the Automation & Digital Forum Series, 
themed 'Driving Business Through 
Digitalisation and Automation -  
THE JOURNEY TOGETHER'.
40
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 40

---- Page 43 ----
OCTOBER
12 October 
MyGEN Launch at  
SMK Bandar Rinching
16 October
MIDF Roundtable Dialogue
18 October
Hari Bersama-sama MBSB Bank
MBSB Bank Adopted School Programme  
has six adopted schools located across 
the country. In enhancing the academic 
performance of students, the Bank 
partnered with Universiti Teknologi MARA 
(UiTM) to organise MyGEN programme 
comprising financial literacy, academic 
planning and examination preparation 
methods benefiting more than 500 
students.
MIDF held a Roundtable Dialogue to 
discuss the NIMP 2030: Curating 
Malaysia’s Sustainable Investments and 
Growth. The event was officiated by YB 
Senator Tengku Datuk Seri Utama Zafrul 
Tengku Abdul Aziz, Minister of Investment, 
Trade and Industry. The panel session was 
moderated by Encik Azizi Mustafa, Chief 
Executive Officer of MIDF .
MBSB Bank collaborated with Koperasi 
Peniaga Pasar Malam Langkawi 
(KOSALAM) to conduct the DuitNow QR 
merchant onboarding programme. The 
initiative aims to encourage micro-
businesses to embrace digitalisation.
19 October 
MBSB Bank’s Breast Cancer 
Awareness Day
In conjunction with Breast Cancer 
Awareness Month, MBSB Bank organised 
an awareness campaign featuring health 
talks and fun activities to educate 
employees on early detection.
22 October
Program Anak Celik Kewangan 
KWSP
25 October 
Joint Committee On Climate 
Change (JC3) Summit
MBSB Bank was invited by the Employees 
Provident Fund (EPF) to organise a 
financial literacy programme benefiting 
school children during the holidays. The 
programme aims to inculcate long-term 
savings plans and investment knowledge.
The JC3 Journey for Zero Conference was 
a three-day event organised by the Joint 
Committee on Climate Change, co-
chaired by Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) 
and the Securities Commission Malaysia 
(SC). This hybrid conference brought 
together leading policymakers, regulators, 
and experts in sustainability and climate. 
Encik Rafe Haneef, MBSB's Group Chief 
Executive Officer participated in the panel 
session and shared on the Group's 
sustainability plan.
27 October  
Imigresen FC Emerged As MBSB 
Bank Championship Winner
Imigresen FC was celebrated at a special 
ceremony at Menara MBSB Bank, PJ 
Sentral, where they received a 
championship trophy, medals, and 
RM100,000. The championship, which 
started on 4 March 2023 and ended on  
21 October 2023, comprised 165 matches 
and was conducted in a league format with 
at least six matches per week.
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
41
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 41

---- Page 44 ----
CALENDAR OF 
EVENTS
OCTOBER 
NOVEMBER 
27 October  
7th Edition of Youth Economic Forum
MIDF took part in the 7 th Edition of the Youth Economic Forum 
(YEF), which delved into the complexities of the modern world and 
explored ways to achieve sustainable and inclusive prosperity. 
Focusing on five critical agendas - economics, global issues, 
business, education, and politics - the primary goals of the forum 
were to facilitate intergenerational and cross-industry dialogue, 
promote comprehensive collaboration, and support innovative 
solutions that transcend boundaries and bridge divides.
8 November
Underwriting Agreement between MIDF Amanah 
Investment Bank Berhad and Critical Holdings Berhad 
MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad (MIDF Investment) 
entered into an underwriting agreement with Critical Holdings 
Berhad for the Company’s Initial Public Offering (IPO) on the ACE 
Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. MIDF Investment, 
besides being the sole underwriter of Critical Holdings’ IPO, is 
also the Principal Adviser, Sponsor and Placement Agent to 
Critical Holdings for this listing exercise. 
 
7 November
Driving Business Through Digitalisation and Automation 
- THE JOURNEY TOGETHER
MIDF held the Sarawak edition of its Automation & Digital Forum 
Series titled 'Driving Business Through Digitalisation and 
Automation - THE JOURNEY TOGETHER.' The keynote address 
was delivered by YB Datuk Dr. Malcolm Mussen Lamoh, Deputy 
Minister of International Trade, Industry, and Investment of 
Sarawak. Chief Executive Officer of MIDF , Encik Azizi Mustafa, 
participated as one of the panelists.
NOVEMBER 
3 November
MBSB Bank’s Strategic Alliance with Perlis Digital  
Sdn. Bhd.
MBSB Bank is the first financial institution to form a strategic 
alliance with Perlis Digital Sdn. Bhd. (Perlis Digital), a statutory 
body established to support the Perlis State Development 
Strategic Plan. Perlis Digital, facilitated by Perbadanan Ekonomi 
Negeri Perlis (PKENPs) and Infinity Wave Sdn. Bhd. is expected 
to transform the business operations of micro, small, and 
medium enterprises.
16 November 
MBSB Bank's Box of Care Programme
MBSB Bank distributed Box of Care containing basic food items 
to 720 residents  of Projek Perumahan Rakyat (PPR) across Klang 
Valley. The initiative, which is part of the Bank's annual CSR 
programme is in line with United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (UNSDG) #2-Zero Hunger.  
 
42
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 42

---- Page 45 ----
29 November
MIDF Biz Talk & Forum 
MIDF , in collaboration with MIDA and 
BizSphere, successfully organised the 
Malaysia Smart Manufacturing Award 2023 
Biz Talk & Forum titled Tech Up for Smart 
Manufacturing. Hosted by Malaysian 
Investment Development Authority - MIDA 
at MIDA Sentral, the aim of the forum was 
to highlight the integration of technology 
and digitalisation under Mission 2 of the 
New Industrial Master Plan 2023.
NOVEMBER 
 DECEMBER
7 December
2024 MIDF Market Outlook - 
Cruising Along
28 December 
Box Of Care for MBSB Bank 
Adopted Schools
MIDF Research shared its views on 
economic and equities market growth 
prospects for 2024 with analysts.
To reduce the plight of families from 
underserved groups, MBSB Bank carried 
out  a CSR initiative by assisting in 
providing basic food items. MBSB Bank's 
Box Of Care Programme has contributed  
basic food items to 1,300 students from 
MBSB Bank's six adopted schools namely, 
SMK Bandar Rinching, Semenyih, 
Selangor; SMK Ulu Kinta, Perak; SMK 
Lepar Hilir, Gambang, Pahang; SMK Dangi, 
Negeri Sembilan; SMK Demak Baru, 
Kuching, Sarawak and SMK Bongawan, 
Sabah.
JANUARY 2024
Current Logo New Logo
4 January
MBSB Announces New Logo
24 January
Appointment of New Chairman
MBSB’s new logo embodies the alphabet 
‘M’ representing the word “Malaysia”, the 
first word in the Company’s name, 
followed by an abbreviation of MBSB. The 
geometric shape of the logo, emblematic 
of the organisation’s DNA, is refreshingly 
sharper with a modern feel. It signifies the 
Group’s commitment towards growth, 
strategic intent, innovation and change in 
a dynamic market.  
Datuk Wan Kamarulzaman Wan Ahmad was appointed as MBSB's Chairman and  
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director.
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
43
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 43

---- Page 46 ----
OUR APPROACH 
TO VALUE 
CREATION
We are committed to creating 
value for our stakeholders, and 
achieving this necessitates an 
integrated approach in our 
decision-making processes, 
ensuring maximum value 
creation at every turn.
Assessing and Evaluating Our Operating Environment
We continuously monitor and evaluate our operating environment 
and market landscape to understand the context in which we 
operate. This involves staying updated on regulatory 
requirements and global trends, including geopolitical shifts, 
socio-economic challenges, supply and demand disruptions, 
and advancements in digitalisation and technology. These 
factors, whether direct or indirect, can significantly impact our 
capacity to create value for our stakeholders.
Identifying Risks and Opportunities
We identify, monitor and manage risks across our various 
business segments and stakeholder groups. Through 
comprehensive risk management practices, we are able to 
mitigate these risks to safeguard our operations and enhance 
value creation.
Please refer to page 71 for more details
Please refer to page 56 for more details
Strengthening Stakeholder Relationships
We foster strong relationships with our stakeholders through 
regular and meaningful engagement. This enables us to 
understand their needs and concerns, aligning their expectations 
and interests with our business priorities.
Please refer to page 48 for more details
Please refer to page 53 for more details
Identifying, Prioritising, and Managing Material Matter 
Material matters, defined as issues with significant impact to the 
organisation as well as on on our value creation ability, are 
identified through a comprehensive materiality assessment 
involving both internal and external stakeholders. This process 
ensures that our focus remains on crucial issues for sustainable 
value creation.
44
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 44

---- Page 47 ----
Funds available for MBSB Group to use 
in the provision of services obtained via 
financing such as equity, debt or grants, 
or money generated through business 
operations or investments
Financial Capital
Our knowledge-based intangibles 
include brand and reputation, 
management systems and procedures, 
digital capabilities and intellectual 
property
Intellectual Capital
An established network of bank 
branches and touch points across 
Malaysia to provide services that meet 
the needs of key stakeholders
Manufactured Capital
The relationships MBSB Group has built 
with the community and key 
stakeholders that allow knowledge 
exchange to enhance individuals and 
collective well-being
Social and Relationship Capital
Employees’ competencies, capabilities 
and experience and how they align with 
and support MBSB Group's governance, 
risk management, ethical values and 
strategy. This also includes their loyalty, 
motivation, and dedication to leading, 
managing, and collaborating, as well as 
enhancing processes, products, and 
services within the organisation
Human Capital 
Use of natural resources (renewable 
and non-renewable) by MBSB Group 
throughout our value chain, and how we 
drive progress in environmental 
sustainability
Natural Capital
OUR 
SIX CAPITALS
Embedding Sustainability in Our Business Operations
Through our enhanced sustainability framework, we actively 
integrate and promote sustainable practices throughout our 
organisation. The three sustainability pillars of Innovating and 
Creating Value, Operating Sustainably, and Empowering a 
Sustainable Culture, each with dedicated goals, serve as 
guidance, enabling us to contribute to and invest in society and 
the environment.
Resource Allocations
We recognise six capital elements as our resources, and through strategic management and utilisation of these capitals, we maximise 
stakeholder value creation. 
Delivering Positive Impact Through Value Creation
We ensure that our business activities are always governed by good governance and strong leadership, allowing us to effectively drive 
and maximise value for our stakeholders through our outputs. 
Please refer to page 78 of this Report, and page 6 of 
Sustainability Report for more details
Formulating Our Strategy
Our Chevron Flight Strategy, supported by the FLIGHT26 
blueprint and Transformation Programme 30 (TP30) initiatives, 
will continue to drive our growth and strengthen our financial 
resilience as we move forward.
Please refer to page 76 for more details
45
Section 02About MBSB
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 45

---- Page 48 ----
KEY INPUTS OUR BUSINESS MODEL
Innovating and 
Creating Value
Operating Sustainably
Empowering a 
Sustainable Culture
Consumer Banking
Com
m
ercialBanking
WholesaleBanking
Sustainability Pillars
Innovative Products 
and Solutions
Digitalisation
Excellent Customer 
Service
Continuous Process 
Improvement 
High Performing Talent
Sustainability
Supported 
by good 
governance and 
robust risk 
management
MBSB Bank
MIDF
Consumer Banking
Com
m
e
er
rc
ci
ia
al
lB
Baa
a
nkk
kii
i
n
g
W
h
o
l
e
s
a
l
e
B
a
nkk
kii
i
ngg
g
Leveragingbusiness synergies withintheGroup
Enablers
Financing, deposits& wealth protectionmanagement
Wealth
creation
Commercialfinancing
&
traditionalbanking
needs
Grants
&
advisory
Rangeoffinancing
solutions&traditional
bankingneeds
Fundraisingfor
expansion
Financial Capital 
Manufactured Capital
• 52 branches across Malaysia
 - 47 MBSB Bank branches
 - 5 MIDF branches 
• 29,953 CASA-i account opened via  
 online application
Intellectual Capital
• Values, principles, standards, 
 and norms of behaviour
• Risk management framework,   
 system, process and policies
• Digital platforms
• Strategic partnership to enhance   
 digitalisation
• RM15 million invested in 
 cyber security enhancement 
Human Capital
• 3,032 total number of employees
• RM7 million invested in 
 employee's learning and 
 development
• Competitive benefits with focus on  
 employees’ health and well-being
Social and Relationship Capital 
• RM4.2 million total spend on   
 community investment 
• Community outreach initiatives   
 and financial literacy programmes 
• Supporting SMEs through   
 financially inclusive products 
 and schemes 
Natural Capital
• Net Zero Strategy 
• Energy and water efficiency initiatives to   
 reduce environmental footprint 
• RM667 million total worth of    
 projects financed by Sustainability 
 Sukuk Wakalah
•  RM66.7 billion total assets 
•  RM7.97 billion of shareholder   
 capital
•  RM47.6 billion deposits and   
 placements from customers,  
 banks and other financial 
 institutions
•  Return of Equity of 5.23%
“All in One”Retail BankingOfferings”
“Exclusive
Club
Deal”
“FullServiceFinancialPartner”
46
OUR VALUE 
CREATION MODEL
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 46

---- Page 49 ----
VALUE FOR STAKEHOLDERSOUTPUT
• RM288 million in dividends declared and paid 
• RM5.8 billion market capitalisation 
• RM2.8 billion in economic value distributed
• Continuous confidence among investors for funds 
Shareholders
• RM106 million of government taxes
• Contributed to local economy
• Supported national agenda and initiatives
• In compliance with relevant regulations and standards 
• Actively participate and contribute on dialogue and    
 working forums with regulatory bodies 
Government and Regulators
• Provided transparent and reliable information to  
 develop informed opinions and valuation for wider  
 audience
Analysts 
• Enhanced suite of products and services offerings
• Convenient digital services for better customer experience
Customers
• Talented, capable and committed employees
• Positive work culture with diverse workforce
• Conducive and safe working environment
Employees
• Continuous strong governance and leadership 
• Reliable management and systems 
Board of Directors 
Partners and Alliances 
• 98% of total procurement spent on local vendors 
• Supporting vendors towards sustainable 
 procurement practices
• Improved socio-economic welfare
• Aided the development of surrounding communities   
 through provision of financial aid, education and   
 financial literacy  
Society and NGOs
 • Enhanced brand awareness and recognition 
Media 
• Adherence to Shariah principles in business practices and  
 products offerings
Shariah Advisory Committee
 • Diversified portfolio for business   
 lines by region and size 
• Branch Transformation Programme
• 89% Customer Satisfaction Index
• 64 Net Promoter Score
• 51% reduction in customer   
 complaints
• Zero substantiated complaints   
 concerning breaches of customer   
 privacy and losses of 
 customer data 
• RM0.29 billion total wages and   
 benefits expenses 
• 100% local workforce 
• 8.4% turnover rate and 12%
 new hires rate
• 9,526 tCO 2e total emissions for   
 Scope 1, Scope 2 and selected   
 Scope 3
• 28,341,967 MJ energy 
 consumption
• 7,525 MWh electricity 
 consumption
• Revenue of RM2.8 billion 
• Profit before tax and zakat of   
 RM0.56 billion
• 51% cost-to-income ratio
Natural Capital
Manufactured Capital
Intellectual Capital
Human Capital
Financial Capital 
• Reached more than 55,534   
 beneficiaries from our community   
 development programmes
• 4,504 total volunteer hours 
 among employees
Social and Relationship Capital 
Section 02About MBSB
47
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 47

---- Page 50 ----
48
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AnnuallyA Quarterly   Q As and when required      R Bi-Annually       B Monthly        M Throughout the yearD
Engagement Frequency
Sustainability Pillars
Annual General MeetingA Board meetingsM Board training and forumsD
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Business strategy and performance 
• Growth opportunities 
• Good governance  
• Risk management 
• Employee wellbeing and remuneration  
• Sustainability considerations in 
financing and investment practices
• Effective implementation of strategies 
and initiatives 
• Provide transparent and accurate 
disclosure of financial performance 
• Uphold good governance practices 
across the Group 
• Enhance our sustainable finance 
products and services
Annual General MeetingA Board meetingsM Board training and forumsD
SHARIAH ADVISORY COMMITTEE
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Business strategy and performance  
• Shariah-compliant products and 
services 
• Business affairs, operations and 
activities 
• Good governance 
• Pursue sustainable earnings through 
profitable growth 
• Integrate VBI considerations into SAC 
decision-making process 
• Uphold good governance practices 
across the Group
Economic Performance
Sustainable Financing
Ethics and Integrity
Economic Performance
Innovation and Technology
Data Privacy and Cyber Security
Sustainable Financing
Ethics and Integrity
Competent Workforce
Innovating and Creating Value Operating Sustainably Empowering a Sustainable Culture
We prioritise clear and responsive communication with our stakeholders. To foster strong relationships and better understanding , 
we engage with them through various formal and informal channels and respond effectively to their needs and feedback. In 2023, 
our key stakeholder groups includes the board of directors, Shariah Advisory Committee, employees, shareholders, partners and 
alliances, government and regulators, customers, media, analysts, and society and NGOs.
ENGAGING OUR  
STAKEHOLDERS
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 48

---- Page 51 ----
Section 02About MBSB
49
EMPLOYEES   
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Career development  
• Diversity and equal opportunities 
• Health, safety and wellbeing 
• Benefits and remunerations 
• Support employee growth through 
capability-building efforts and trainings 
• Provide clear guidance on career 
development paths 
• Provide a safe, conducive and 
discrimination-free workplace 
• Offer attractive benefits and 
performance-based remuneration 
Feedback platform: Employee 
Engagement Survey, M-IDEAQ Engagement: Kelab Sukan 
activities, M-RISE, TownhallsQ Regular meetings and 
discussions R
Economic Performance
Innovation and Technology
Data Privacy and Cyber Security
Sustainable Financing
Ethics and Integrity
Competent Workforce
SHAREHOLDERS
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Business strategy and performance 
• Good governance practices 
• Risk management 
• Sustainability considerations in 
financing and investment practices
• Pursue sustainable earnings, maintain 
a stable dividend stream, and achieve 
profitable growth 
• Uphold good governance practices 
across the Group 
• Effective management of risk and 
opportunities  
• Preserve ethical financial practices  
• Integrate sustainability considerations 
into financing and investment 
Economic Performance
Sustainable Financing
Environmental Stewardship
Ethics and Integrity
Annual General 
Meeting
A Extraordinary General 
Meetings
R A Integrated Annual Report 
and Sustainability Reports
Quarterly Financial 
Reports
Q Regular Announcements 
via our website
R
MEDIA 
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Accurate, factual and transparent 
information 
• Sustainable financing  
• CSR investments 
• Transparent disclosure of MBSB 
Group performance in publicly 
available reports  
• Maintain regular engagement with 
media for updates relevant to MBSB 
Group 
Sustainable Financing
Environmental Stewardship
Serving the Communities
R Press conferencesMedia releases R Events and engagementsRInterviewsR
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 49

---- Page 52 ----
50
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORS
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Compliance to local regulations and 
requirements  
• Affordable housing financing 
• Supporting national agenda on  
green initiatives, schemes and funds 
• Sustainable financing
• Ensure full compliance to local 
regulations and requirements  
• Active engagement in government-
related financing initiatives, schemes 
and funds to support sustainability-
driven economy 
• Expand and enhance sustainable and 
finance offering
Sustainable Financing
Serving the Communities
Ethics and Integrity
Online briefingRConferences and 
webinars
R RR MeetingsQ Industry 
engagement
R Internet Banking Task 
Force (IBTF) 
Dialogues
ENGAGING OUR  
STAKEHOLDERS
ANALYSTS
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Economic performance 
• Market presence  
• Good governance 
• Risk management 
• Sustainable financing  
• Good governance 
• Stable business performance through 
sustainable growth 
• Effective implementation of strategies 
and initiatives 
• Uphold good governance practices 
across the Group 
• Integrate sustainability considerations 
into lending and investment practices 
Economic Performance
Sustainable Financing
Ethics and Integrity
Q Analyst briefing One-on-one 
meeting
R A Integrated Annual Report 
and Sustainability Reports
Regular Announcements 
via our website
RQuarterly Financial 
Reports
Q
PARTNERS AND ALLIANCES     
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Seamless procurement system 
• Supplier code of conduct (SCOC) 
• Sustainable procurement 
• Partnership for growth
• Launch e-procurement system 
• In progress for ISO 20400:2017 
certification 
• Develop sustainable procurement 
policy and implement SCOC as 
requirement for supplier 
• Conduct supplier training and 
engagement sessions 
• Capacity building for internal 
sustainable procurement team
Sustainable Procurement
R Meetings AssociationsR A Vendor assessment/ 
Performance evaluations
Supplier training and 
engagement sessionR
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 50

---- Page 53 ----
Section 02About MBSB
51
CUSTOMERS
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Superior customer experience  
• Performance reliability of digital 
platforms 
• Customer’s data privacy and security 
• Products and services offered by 
MBSB Group 
• Sustainable financing 
• Enhance the stability of MBSB Bank 
and MIDF digital platforms (i.e., online 
apps) 
• Introduce new hotline and subscribe to 
Whatsapp broadcasting for better 
customer experience 
• Address customers’ complaints in a 
timely manner 
• Vigilantly safeguard customers’ data 
and privacy  
• Broaden accessibility of current 
financial literacy programmes 
• Expand and enhance sustainable 
finance offerings
Customer Experience and 
Satisfaction
Data Privacy and Cyber 
Security
Sustainable Financing
A Surveys (e.g.: Customer Satisfaction 
Survey, Post-Transaction Survey) D Physical and virtual branches, transaction banking 
centres and self service terminals (e.g: ATM) 
A Relationship 
Managers
D Call centre, email, WhatsApp for 
Business, and social media channels 
R Digital touchpoints and platforms 
(e.g: M Journey, MIDF Invest)
R Marketing campaigns 
and events
SOCIETY AND NGOS
Material Matters
Topics Raised
Our Response
• Financial literacy 
• CSR activities 
• Sustainable financing 
• Zakat contributions  
• Financial literacy programmes  
• Community partnerships and outreach 
programmes 
• Donations and sponsorships 
• Employee volunteerism activities 
Sustainable Financing
Environmental Stewardship
Serving the Communities
R Meetings Graduate programmesR CSR initiatives R
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 51

---- Page 54 ----
52
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
OUR APPROACH TO  
MATERIALITY
PHASE 1
Materiality Assessment Process 
 
With the acquisition of MIDF , we undertook a full materiality assessment to evaluate and refine our key sustainability prioriti es as 
MBSB Group. The refreshed materiality assessment in 2023 ensures we capture the diverse views of our key stakeholders. As part 
of this assessment, a stakeholder engagement survey was launched, seeking insights from both internal and external stakeholders 
of MBSB Bank and MIDF to better understand their key concerns.  
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT PROCESS 
Identification of Material Topics 
• Key stakeholders and material topics were identified through a comprehensive analysis of global trends, GRI 
Standards, and the Bursa Malaysia Sustainability Reporting Guide (3rd) 
• A survey was conducted to gather evaluations and ratings from stakeholders on the most impactful material 
matters for MBSB Group 
PHASE 2
Stakeholders Engagement 
• More than 2,000 internal and external stakeholders’ views were captured via online surveys 
• Subsequently, a materiality assessment workshop with MBSB Bank and MIDF senior management was 
conducted to prioritise the material matters 
• This led to the development of a preliminary materiality matrix  
PHASE 3
Validation of Materiality Results 
• The preliminary materiality matrix was reviewed and validated by our Management Committee, respective 
Committees including SAC and subsequently approved by our Board of Directors
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 52

---- Page 55 ----
Section 02About MBSB
53
Our Materiality Matrix 
 
Based on the materiality assessment exercise, we have identified 12 material matters as our priorities in 2023.  
Communities
Environment
Serving the
Stewardshi
Opportunity
Diversity and Equal
Importance to Stakeholders
Very High
Ethic
Custo
nd S
Satisfaction
omer Experience 
cs and Integrity
Performance
Economic
curity
Very High
F
S
mpete
inancing
Workforce
Competent
Employee
Health
and Wellbeing
Sustainable
p
tal
Data Privacy
nd Cybersec
nnovation and Technology
Procurement
Sustainable
High Imp aact to MBSB Group
The materiality assessment exercise consolidated some of last year’s standalone material matters to provide better focus: Financial 
Inclusion, Responsible Financing, and Sustainable Financing were combined into a single material matter named “Sustainable 
Financing”. Besides that, to better reflect our commitment in managing our environmental footprint, we renamed Climate Change to 
“Environmental Stewardship”. 
 
Economic Performance is our top material matter, reflecting the Group’s focus on improving our financial performance, and enhancing 
shareholders value.
Sustainability Pillars
Innovating and Creating Value Operating Sustainably Empowering a Sustainable Culture
• Economic Performance 
• Ethics and Integrity 
• Customer Experience and Satisfaction 
• Competent Workforce 
• Innovation and Technology 
• Data Privacy and Cybersecurity
Our 2023 Materiality Matrix reveals six (6) material matters as our top priority, namely:
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 53

---- Page 56 ----
54
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Top Emerging Risks  
 
The year 2023 was marked by several emerging risks that 
required our immediate attention and strategic response. 
 
Firstly, the digital transformation across the banking sector 
introduced cybersecurity and data privacy risks, necessitating 
robust cyber defense mechanisms. Secondly, the economic 
uncertainties stemming from global geopolitical tensions and the 
aftermath of the pandemic underscored the importance of 
Liquidity Risk Management. Climate change also emerged as a 
critical non-financial risk, prompting us to integrate sustainability 
and climate risk considerations into our risk assessment 
frameworks. Lastly, the regulatory landscape continued to evolve, 
presenting compliance risks that demanded our ongoing 
vigilance and adaptability. 
 
Overview of the Risk Management Division’s Role in MBSB, 
Key Achievements, and Challenges in 2023 
 
RMD has always been at the forefront of safeguarding the 
Group’s integrity and financial health, by identifying and 
monitoring the key risks to the Group, including Credit Risk, 
Market and Liquidity risk, Technology and Cyber Risk, 
Operational Risk, Shariah Risk, and Environmental, Social and 
Governance Risk. 
 
Credit Risk 
 
In 2023, BNM’s monetary policy adjustments, particularly in 
response to inflationary pressures and global economic 
conditions, saw fluctuations in the Group’s profit rates. These 
adjustments were aimed at stabilising the national economy but 
also affected financing affordability and customers’ repayment 
capacities, influencing credit risk for the Group. 
 
To maintain vigilant oversight of the effects on our financing 
portfolios, we carried out thematic assessments of our consumer 
financing portfolios to pinpoint customer segments at risk and to 
assess the repercussions of increased profit rates. 
 
In enhancing our risk management practices, we continuously 
review and update our credit underwriting policies to address 
potential obstacles in light of evolving economic conditions. The 
Group’s Risk Posture provides guidance to our Business 
Divisions regarding sectors anticipated to encounter a downturn 
or foreseeable difficulties in the future. 
 
Market and Liquidity Risk 
 
Amid rising interest rates, we maintained steadfast focus on 
market and liquidity risk management. Prioritising active portfolio 
rebalancing, we ensured alignment with risk tolerance and return 
objectives, seizing emerging market opportunities while 
mitigating downside risks. Additionally, we continuously 
Amid rising interest rates,  
we maintained steadfast focus on 
market and liquidity risk management. 
Prioritising active portfolio 
rebalancing, we ensured alignment 
with risk tolerance and return 
objectives, seizing emerging market 
opportunities while mitigating 
downside risks. 
GROUP CHIEF RISK OFFICER’S 
REVIEW
As we navigate through the complexities of the modern financial landscape, our commitment to 
safeguarding the Group’s integrity, stakeholder value, and customers’ trust has never been more 
paramount. The role of the Risk Management Division (RMD) at MBSB is instrumental in steering our 
Group through turbulent waters, ensuring that we not only survive but thrive amidst challenges.
‘‘
‘‘
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 54

---- Page 57 ----
Section 02About MBSB
55
assessed funding stability, emphasising the importance of a 
diversified deposit base, with a focus on the retail segment. 
Efforts to broaden funding sources bolstered resilience against 
adverse scenarios, ensuring sustained liquidity. 
 
Moreover, significant enhancements to market and liquidity risk 
policies were made to align with evolving business models, 
strengthening our risk management frameworks. As we anticipate 
BNM's Liquidity Risk Policy release and post-merger 
harmonisation, we intensify efforts to enhance liquidity risk 
management in 2024. These strategic initiatives underscore our 
commitment to prudent risk practices and proactive adaptation 
to market dynamics. 
 
Technology and Cyber Security Risk 
 
The financial industry is faced with increased risk of cyber threats 
as geopolitical tensions remain escalated and financial gains from 
successful ransomware attacks grow. Cyber threats are evolving 
to be more complex and sophisticated as perpetrators are 
leveraging on the power of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in carrying 
out their attacks. 
 
To mitigate these threats, we have enhanced our control 
processes and cyber security systems to protect the Group’s 
information systems and to safeguard customers’ information. 
The Group has continuous engagements and good partnerships 
with regulators and other cyber intelligence communities to keep 
up to date on emerging cyber threats. 
 
We have increased our efforts and focus on risk and security 
awareness campaigns for our staff and customers. By providing 
them with the knowledge and skills to identify potential scams 
and cyber threats, we can significantly reduce the likelihood of 
our staff or customers falling victim to an attack. 
 
Operational Risk 
 
In 2023, our Group navigated a complex landscape of operational 
risks, marked by evolving regulatory requirements, the enduring 
impacts of global events, and the internal challenges of managing 
a diversified and expanding service portfolio. The dynamic 
regulatory environment continued to pose challenges, with new 
guidelines emerging in response to global economic shifts and 
local market developments. Adapting to these changes required 
agility and foresight, ensuring compliance while maintaining 
operational efficiency. 
 
To improve the monitoring of operational risk, we made 
investments in an Operational Risk Management System that 
enables our Group to conduct close monitoring of emerging risks 
that have the potential to significantly affect our operations. 
 
Furthermore, we have strengthened our Business Continuity 
Management framework to take a proactive stance in preparing 
for a range of scenarios, encompassing natural disasters, 
cyberattacks, pandemics, and other unforeseen events. The 
Group also actively participated in the industry-wide crisis 
simulation exercise which serves to enhance the Group’s 
collective resilience and preparedness for managing and 
mitigating the impacts of potential financial crises through 
improved coordination, identification of vulnerabilities, and testing 
of response strategies. 
 
Shariah Risk 
 
In 2023, we conducted independent risk assessments pertaining 
to Shariah matters to pinpoint potential areas of weakness and 
implemented mitigating controls to reduce Shariah 
noncompliance risk. Throughout the year, no actual instances of 
Shariah non-compliance were reported, as confirmed by the 
resolutions of our Shariah Advisory Committee. 
 
As the Group expands its business into new segments following 
the merger, the ongoing integration and harmonisation of Shariah 
noncompliance risk tools, activities, and policies will ensure a 
seamless transition into an environment and culture of Shariah 
compliance.  
 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Risk 
 
In 2023, we integrated environmental risk considerations into our 
Risk Appetite Statement and risk policies, and developed a 
specific Group Climate Risk Management Policy, aimed at 
managing our portfolio's exposure to significant climate transition 
and physical risks. RMD is also a member of the Joint Committee 
on Climate Change (JC3), which is a regulator-industry platform 
working collaboratively to build climate resilience within the 
Malaysian financial sector. 
 
Moreover, we conducted training programs, including specific 
modules on climate risk, to cultivate Group-wide expertise and 
enhance our understanding in this area. 
 
Evolution Post-Merger 
 
The merger heralded a transformative phase for our division, 
expanding our responsibilities and scale of operations. We have 
evolved to manage a more diversified portfolio, necessitating the 
adoption of enhanced risk management frameworks. 
 
As the integration and policy harmonisation process continues, 
we do not anticipate any re-rationalisation of current business 
activities. Instead, we expect to provide our customers with an 
expanded array of products and services, as the offerings of both 
entities complement each other. 
 
RMD will continue to play a critical role in integrating risk 
management cultures from the merging entities, fostering a unified 
approach towards risk awareness and mitigation across the Group. 
 
Conclusion 
 
Through our risk management practices, we have been able to 
offer more competitive and accessible financing products. Our 
focus on understanding and mitigating risks has allowed us to 
design products that meet our customers' needs while ensuring 
their financial stability and success. 
 
 
Laurence Ong Wooi Keat 
Group Chief Risk Officer 
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:26 PM  Page 55

---- Page 58 ----
56
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
We diligently monitor key risks that may impact our business operations and strategies, which are 
essential for driving sustainable growth and enhancing shareholder value. In 2023, we demonstrated 
resilience in managing and mitigating emerging risks across the Group, aligning with our risk appetite.  
Key Mitigation Actions Implemented in 2023 Related Capitals
The risk of loss arising from the inability or failure of a client or counterparty to meet its 
obligations.  
• Conducted thematic assessments of our consumer financing 
portfolios to identify customer segments at risk and evaluate 
the impacts of rising profit rates. 
• Regularly reviewed and updated our credit underwriting 
frameworks, policies and procedures to address potential 
challenges arising from economic conditions. 
• Enhanced the Group's Risk Posture to provide guidance to 
our Business Divisions on sectors expected to face downturns 
or foreseeable difficulties in the future. 
• Financial Capital
Credit Risks
• Customers 
• Shareholders 
 
• Board of Directors 
• Government and Regulators 
 
Related Stakeholders
• Sustainable Financing • Economic Performance 
Related Material Matters
Key Mitigation Actions Implemented in 2023 Related Capitals
• Market risk is the risk that changes in market conditions may adversely impact the 
value of assets or liabilities or otherwise negatively impact earnings.  
• Liquidity risk is the potential inability to meet contractual or contingent financial 
obligations, either on-or-off balance sheet, as they come due. 
• Ensured alignment with risk tolerance and return objectives, 
seizing emerging market opportunities while mitigating 
downside risks. 
• Continuously assessed funding stability, emphasising the 
importance of a diversified deposit base, with a focus on the 
retail segment. 
• Broadened funding sources to strengthen resilience against 
adverse scenarios, ensuring sustained liquidity. 
• Enhanced market and liquidity risk policies to align with 
evolving business models, thereby strengthening our risk 
management frameworks. 
• Financial Capital
Market and Liquidity Risks
• Customers 
• Shareholders 
 
• Government and Regulators 
• Board of Directors 
 
Related Stakeholders
• Sustainable Financing • Economic Performance 
Related Material Matters
KEY RISKS AND 
MITIGATION
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 56

---- Page 59 ----
Section 02About MBSB
57
Key Mitigation Actions Implemented in 2023 Related Capitals
The risk due to an event or action that is against the Shariah principles, resulting from 
inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external.
• Conducted independent risk assessments related to Shariah 
matters to identify potential areas of weakness. 
• Implemented mitigating controls to reduce the risk of Shariah 
non-compliance.
• Financial Capital 
• Manufactured Capital 
• Human Capital 
• Intellectual Capital 
Shariah Risks
• Customers 
• Shariah Advisory Committee 
• Board of Directors 
• Government and Regulators 
• Employees 
• Partners and Alliances 
• Shareholders
Related Stakeholders
• Ethics and Integrity 
• Sustainable Financing 
• Economic Performance 
Related Material MattersRelated Capitals
Key Mitigation Actions Implemented in 2023
Related Capitals
• Invested in our Operational Risk Management System to 
closely monitor emerging risks. 
• Strengthened our Business Continuity Management 
Framework to proactively prepare for a variety of scenarios 
and unforeseen events. 
• Actively participated in an industry-wide crisis simulation 
exercise to enhance resilience and preparedness for 
managing and mitigating the impacts of potential financial 
crises. 
• Financial Capital 
• Human Capital 
• Manufactured Capital 
• Employees 
• Shareholders 
• Partners and Alliances 
 
• Customers 
• Board of Directors 
 
Related Stakeholders
• Economic Performance 
• Customer Experience and 
Satisfaction 
• Data Privacy and Cyber 
Security 
• Sustainable Procurement 
• Ethics and Integrity 
• Competent Workforce 
• Employee Health and  
Well-being 
• Environmental 
Stewardship 
Related Material Matters
The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems, or from external events.
Operational Risks
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 57

---- Page 60 ----
58
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
KEY RISKS AND 
MITIGATION
Key Mitigation Actions Implemented in 2023
Related Capitals
• Strengthened our control processes and cyber security 
systems to safeguard the Group’s information systems and 
customers' data. 
• Maintained continuous engagement and strong partnerships 
with regulators and cyber intelligence communities to stay 
updated on emerging cyber threats. 
• Increased efforts and focus on risk and security awareness 
campaigns for employees and customers. 
• Provided knowledge on potential scam and cyber security 
attacks to employees and customers.
• Financial Capital 
• Manufactured Capital 
• Intellectual Capital 
Related Capitals
• Natural Capital
• Employees 
• Customers 
• Partners and Alliances 
 
• Government and 
Regulators 
• Board of Directors 
Related Stakeholders
• Innovation and Technology 
• Data Privacy and Cyber 
Security 
• Ethics and Integrity 
• Economic Performance  
Related Material Matters
The risk of potential technology failures and cyber threats that may disrupt business 
activities.  
Technology and Cyber Risks
Key Mitigation Actions Implemented in 2023
• Integrated environmental risk considerations into our Risk 
Appetite Statement and risk policies, and developed a specific 
Group Climate Risk Management Policy, which facilitates the 
identification, measurement, monitoring and control of 
potential climate-related risks. 
• Conducted climate risk training to cultivate Group-wide 
expertise and enhance understanding of ESG risk.
• Customers 
• Shareholders 
• Employee  
• Government and 
Regulators 
• Partners and Alliances 
Related Stakeholders
• Environmental 
Stewardship  
• Sustainable Procurement
Related Stakeholders
The risks posed from exposure to activities that may potentially cause or be affected by 
environmental degradation and the loss of ecosystem services, including climate change.
ESG Risks
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 58

---- Page 61 ----
MARKET LANDSCAPE 
AND OUTLOOK
Market Landscape in 2023  
 
Globally, there were several unprecedented challenges and trends faced, that posed 
significant economic impact. As the year ended, economies were shaken by the threat 
of geopolitical instability and conflicts. With geopolitical tensions remaining elevated, 
significant impacts were seen on the landscape of global trade, supply chains and 
channeling of investments across economies. Key conflicts such as strained ties 
between the United States and China over Russia’s invasion of Ukraine have persisted 
in recent years, presenting risks of financial fragmentation and negative impacts on 
cross-border investment. Financial institutions, governing bodies and regulators are 
keeping a close eye on the risks posed by financial instability stemming from potential 
geopolitical tensions to mitigate threats and their impacts. Global inflationary 
pressures endure on as factors such as rising energy prices, reopening of economies 
leading to increased demand and supply chain bottle necks occurred.  
 
Malaysia experienced a significant slowdown in economic expansion, with GDP 
growth declining from 8.7% in 2022 to 3.7% in 2023. This decline underscores the 
profound impact of global dynamics on Malaysia's economic performance, 
highlighting the need for adaptive and resilient economic policies to navigate through 
uncertain times. 
 
Over the past three years since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have 
observed a gradual reduction in economic constraints. This is evident in the consistent 
decline of the unemployment rate to pre-pandemic levels. In 2023, domestic 
workforce reached a historic high, with an unemployment rate of 3.4%, down from 
3.8% in 2022. The continued recovery in economic activity and labour market 
conditions, supported by policy to open the economy has fostered economic stability 
and growth. Domestic demand acts a driving force of growth for the Malaysian 
economy despite challenging environments and increasing external uncertainties. The 
improved labour market condition has helped increase household spending, coupled 
with spike in domestic tourism spending and sustained investment activities, 
contributed to the positive GDP growth for the year.  
exports for Malaysia with the global 
economic and trade decrease. The US 
dollar still emerged as a favourable 
currency among global investors and 
traders. The US dollar was also spurred 
further due to significant adjustments in US 
interest rates and expected increases in 
future policy rates. Against this landscape 
and changes, the ringgit continued to 
depreciate against the US dollar 
throughout the year, consistent with other 
regional currencies. 
 
Amidst a significantly challenging 
operational environment, the Malaysian 
banking sector remained steady in 
performance and withheld a strong capital 
position to withstand shocks and macro-
economic trends. The excess capital 
buffers stood at RM142.6 billion as at end-
December 2023 while banks exhibited 
sufficient liquidity with a Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio of 160.9%, supportive of credit 
intermediation activities with a stable 
aggregate loan-to-deposit ratio of 81.8%.  
 
The banking sector performed well in 
enabling lending activities despite tighter 
financial conditions in the first seven 
months of the year due to higher cost of 
funds and non-performing loans. In recent 
years, Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) has 
revised the Overnight Policy Rate (OPR) as 
economies have reopened and begun to 
recover from the initial market slowdown 
during the pandemic. We have observed a 
steady increase in the OPR since May 
2022. At the current stage, rates have been 
brought to pre-pandemic levels of 3% in 
May 2023 and has maintained throughout 
the year.  
 
The increase in OPR is supported by stable 
domestic inflation and growth outlook. 
Malaysian banks are benefitting from a 
supportive real-estate market that provides 
steady growth opportunities against 
manageable credit risks. Loan growth in 
Malaysia saw an increase of 4.3% in 2023, 
supported by more demand in household 
and non-household loans. Ratings agencies 
also cite a healthy job market as a 
supporting factor to asset-quality 
Malaysia’s GDP Growth
Annual Change (%)
2019 2020
-5.5
4.4
3.1
8.7
3.7
2021 2022 2023
Source: Department of Statistics, Malaysia
Sector                                        2022      2023 
 
GDP                                             8.7         3.7 
 
Services                                      10.9        5.3 
 
Mining & Quarrying                      2.6         1.0 
 
Construction                                5.0         6.1 
 
Agriculture                                   0.1         0.7 
 
Manufacturing                              8.1         0.7
In terms of the performance of the ringgit, the exchange rate development fluctuated 
significantly, driven by evolving financial market expectations due to global monetary 
policy path. At a global level, monetary policy resumes its normalisation path in 2023. 
The surprise rate cuts by the People’s Bank of China and weakened renminbi 
ultimately impacted the closely allied ringgit. China’s slower-than-anticipated 
economic growth and moderate commodity prices lead to a significant slowdown in 
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
59
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 59

---- Page 62 ----
60
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MARKET LANDSCAPE 
AND OUTLOOK
performance of household loans, which account for about 60% 
of the total system lending. Financing for SMEs grew steadily, 
peaking at 8.2% in 2023 as compared to  5.7% in 2022. This is 
attributed by the availability of finance services and offerings by 
banks and financial institutions to support their growth. SME 
financing accounted for a total of RM385 billion, representing 
approximately 55% of the total loans outstanding within the 
business segment. 
 
Outlook for 2024  
 
Global growth is projected to fall from 3.3% in 2023 to 2.8% in 
2024. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) attributes the weak 
growth by historical standards to the rise in central bank policy 
rates to fight inflation, causing dampened economic activity. 
Balancing risks to global growth remain a challenge, inflation 
could continue to rise if further shocks occur from unprecedented 
factors such as intensification of wars or geopolitical conflicts 
and extreme climate catastrophes, events like these could trigger 
more restrictive monetary policy. In most economies globally, the 
priority remains to achieve sustained disinflation whilst 
maintaining financial stability. 
 
Tightening of monetary policies by central banks globally are 
anticipated to persist following measures to combat inflationary 
pressures, ultimately impending a complete global economic 
recovery. As the global landscape continues to evolve, there will 
be impacts felt for economies of all sizes. It is likely that global 
trade flows will remain hindered in a cautious economic growth 
environment, resulting in the high likelihood that services may 
outpace merchandise trade. With no signs of geopolitical tension 
slowing down, financial fragmentation remains a hinderance on 
the cyclical and structural economic outlook.  
 
Despite an economically challenging financial landscape, 
projections for the Malaysian economy remain stable and even 
resilient. The National GDP is forecasted to expand by 
approximately 4% to 5% in 2024 whereby the Malaysian 
government aims to propel economic prosperity through robust 
domestic demand and through transformative measures such as 
the National Energy Transition Roadmap (NETR), New-Industrial 
Master Plan (NIMP 2030) and the Mid-Term Review of the Twelfth 
Malaysia Plan (MTR of the Twelfth Plan). Under the initiatives of 
these strategic plans, infrastructure development projects are 
expected to grow across various public and private sectors, 
including renewable energy, manufacturing, and technology. 
Financial institutions can capitalise on these opportunities by 
providing financing for large-scale projects, thereby expanding 
their loan portfolios and revenue streams. Consequently, loan 
growth is projected to hover around 5.0-5.5%, due to conducive 
economic policies and resilient domestic demand. 
 
As the domestic market stabilises following recovery post-
COVID, BNM is expected to maintain the OPR at 3.00 points 
throughout the year. It is predicted that in the year to come, 
Malaysia’s economy will continue to improve due to resilient 
domestic expenditure and improvement in external demand. In 
terms of domestic spending and economic contribution, 
household spending will continue to be supported by continued 
employment and wage growth as Malaysia’s unemployment rate 
is expected to decline further to 3.4% in 2024. Continued activity 
in private sector expenditure in 2024 will remain a strong 
contributor to driving local economic activity and stronger 
domestic. This goes hand in hand with government initiatives to 
support household spending through cash incentives to targeted 
income groups and support through social commerce platforms.  
 
Industries on the supply side are pinpointed to be an engine of 
growth for the Malaysian economy in 2024. Supply channels such 
as manufacturing, tourism, agriculture and mining remain key 
industries to managing and drive growth.  With growing industries 
such as tech upcycle, and improvement in existing sectors such 
as tourism, there is substantial support to Malaysia’s exports. 
Improvement in tourist arrivals and spending are expected to 
continue in the year to come. In 2024, inflation is expected to 
remain at controlled levels, averaging around 2.05% to 3.50%. 
This reflects stable demand conditions, continued employment 
and wage growth, coupled with tax rate hike and planned subsidy 
rationalisation efforts. This outlook, however, is highly subject to 
changes in domestic monetary and subsidy policy, as well as 
global commodity prices and financial market developments.  
 
While these initiatives present growth opportunities, they come 
with inherent risks, including regulatory changes, market volatility, 
sustainability and project execution risks. Financial institutions 
will need to enhance their risk management frameworks to 
effectively assess and mitigate these risks, ensuring the 
sustainability of their lending activities and overall business 
operations. 
 
Overall, the changes in global economic growth have 
underscored the need for Malaysian financial institutions to be 
agile, adaptive, and forward-thinking in responding to evolving 
market conditions and regulatory requirements. Embracing 
innovation, strengthening risk management capabilities, and 
prioritizing sustainability are key imperatives for navigating the 
challenges and opportunities in the global economy. 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 60

---- Page 63 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
61
STRATEGIC REVIEW 
FINANCIAL CAPITAL
We reflect our performance in 2023 through the lens of our six capitals, enabling us to effectively 
monitor our value creation.
Financial Capital 
RM2.8 Billion 
Revenue
RM492 Million 
Profit After Tax (PAT)
RM38.8 Billion 
Customer Deposit
Highlights
4% increase compared to 2022 5% increase compared to 2022
RM42 Billion 
Gross Financing
9% increase compared to 2022 
34% increase compared to 2022 
184%
Liquidity Coverage 
Our Approach and Performance In 2023 
 
Leverage on competitive advantage to improve profitability 
 
In 2023, we achieved a total revenue of RM2.8 billion, marking an increase from RM2.7 billion in the preceding year, primarily driven 
by growth in our financing portfolio. Our Profit After Tax (PAT) reached RM492 million, up from RM460 million in 2022. This 
improvement in PAT can be attributed to a one-time acquisition gain from MIDF , totaling RM355.3 million. 
 
Our financing witnessed a growth of 9% in 2023, outpacing the industry average of 5%. This growth was fueled by various factors, 
including a RM1.2 billion expansion in property financing. Additionally, commercial financing experienced a RM1.1 billion uptic k, 
driven by increased exposure in the agrofood industry, utilisation of the Skim Jaminan Pembiayaan Perniagaan (SJPP), and the 
expansion of contract financing facilities. Moreover, the acquisition of MIDF contributed to an inorganic growth of RM1.9 billion, 
equivalent to 4.9% of the total MBSB financing portfolio. 
 
Definition  
Funds available for MBSB Group to use in the provision of services obtained via financing, such as equity, debt or grants, 
or money generated through business operations or investments.
Key challenges 
Operating environment: Malaysia's GDP growth slowed to 
3.7%. Cautious spending and investment approaches by 
businesses and individuals have adversely affected the 
financial services sector. 
Increasing competition: There are multifaceted 
competition from traditional and non-traditional financial 
services players and fintech companies, among many 
others. This dynamic landscape necessitates continuous 
innovation, adaptation, and differentiation to maintain 
competitiveness.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 61

---- Page 64 ----
62
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
STRATEGIC REVIEW 
HUMAN CAPITAL
Human Capital 
Highlights
Definition  
Employees’ competencies, capabilities and experience, as well as how they align with and support MBSB Group’s 
governance, risk management, ethical values and strategy. This also includes their loyalty, motivation, and dedication to 
leading, managing, and collaborating, as well as enhancing processes, products, and services within the organisation.
3,032 118,346 Hours 
Training Hours
100% local employees
42% increase compared to 2022  
RM7 Million 
Invested for employee training 
and education
17% increase compared to 2022
Customer’s Testimonial
Established in 1985, PA Food is an independent family business founded by Mr. Ding Hong 
Sing, known for the creation of Malaysia’s first halal steam bun. From selling door-to-door 
from the humble ‘Pau Van’ to exporting globally.  
 
Thanks to invaluable MIDF support, our expansion and modernisation were possible, 
enabling us to serve renowned brands and Michelin-starred restaurants across 20+ countries. 
We extend our deepest gratitude for MIDF’s partnership and belief in our vision.  
 
We’re committed to sharing authentic Malaysian tastes worldwide. Our nearly 20-year 
history of applying for MIDF loans showcases our enduring partnership and support. 
Thank you, MIDF, for being essential to our journey. 
‘‘
Encik Ding Hong Sing  
Founder and Managing Director 
PA Food Sdn. Bhd. 
‘‘
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 62

---- Page 65 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
63
Key challenges 
Capability and skill gaps: Significant efforts are needed to 
ensure our employees are equipped with diverse and  
on-demand skill sets required to meet rapid technological 
advancements and evolving customer preferences. 
Talent management and retention: Challenges in retaining 
and attracting top talent, coupled with disengaged 
workforce resulting from decreased motivation and 
satisfaction, become among the hurdles to implementing 
effective succession planning strategies.
Our approach and performance in 2023 
 
Intensify investment in employee training and development  
We are committed to tailoring our learning and development initiatives to equip our workforce with relevant and on-demand skills in 
the industry. In 2023, our investment in employee development increased, with RM7 million dedicated to training and education, up 
from RM6 million in 2022. This resulted in a substantial uptick in training hours, totaling 118,346 compared to 83,081 hours fo r the 
previous year.  
Among the key employee development programmes conducted in 2023 included the following: 
 
 
Enhance talent management and retention 
 
Retaining our top talent remains a key focus area for MBSB Group. In 2023, we recorded 308 turnovers, equivalent to a 8.4% overall 
turnover rate, marking a 2% reduction compared to previous year’s turnover rate of 10.4%. As for our new hires, in comparison t o 
489 new hires in 2022, we hired a total of 370 new employees in 2023, reflecting a 12% new hire rate.  
We welcome talented new hires that bring diverse skill sets, new ideas, and fresh perspectives to drive our organisation toward s 
success. In 2023, a total of 66 youth participated in 5 of our graduate programmes, which are as follows:  
1. Graduate Employability @ MBSB Bank (GEM) 
2. MIDF Graduate Apprentice Programme (GAP) 
3. MIDF Management Associates Programme (MAP) 
4. Khazanah Youth Development Programme (KYDP) - Graduate Employability 
5. Young Islamic Banker (YIP) Programme  
We believe in the impact of building the right partnerships to attract top talents and build a robust talent pipeline for our organisation. 
Continuing our efforts from the previous year, we participated in a total of 8 career fairs and conducted our MBSB Bank Univers ity 
Career Kick-Start (MBUCK) talks across 5 universities and educational institutions across Malaysia. MIDF partnered with three 
esteemed local universities, namely Universiti Malaya (UM), Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia (UKM), and Universiti Malaysia Sarawak 
(UNIMAS), for the MIDF Award for Mathematics and Economics Excellence Programme spanning from 2022 to 2024. Under this 
initiative, two exceptional students from each university were selected to participate in an internship programme at MIDF , with each 
participant receiving an allowance of RM8,000 for the ten-week duration of the internship.  
In addition, MIDF is partnering with the Securities Commision on two training programmes: the InvestED Leadership Programme 
and the Islamic Capital Market Talent Development (ICMTD) programme, facilitated by the Securities Industry Development 
Corporation (SIDC).
For more details, please refer to our ‘Competent Workforce’ section, pages 44 to 48 of our Sustainability Report.
For more details, please refer to our ‘Competent Workforce’ section, pages 44 to 48 of our Sustainability Report.
1. Climate Risk Training for Relationship Managers 
2. ESG-focused learning via the UNGC Academy 
3. Sustainable Procurement Workshop 
4. Information and Cybersecurity e-learning Module 
5. Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certification 
6. High Performance Leadership Masterclass 
7. Psychological Safety for Team Success 
8. Nationwide Risk & Compliance Roadshow 
9. Certified Anti Money Laundering/Counter Financing of 
Terrorism & Regulatory Compliance Officer (CCO) 
Certification Programme
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 63

---- Page 66 ----
64
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
In the transformative year of 2023,  
GPCD orchestrated a series of 
strategic initiatives that significantly 
impacted various facets of the 
organisation. These achievements 
exemplify the division's unwavering 
commitment to innovation, efficiency, 
and sustainability, aligning seamlessly 
with the broader goals of the Group.
In the transformative year of 2023, GPCD orchestrated a series of 
strategic initiatives that significantly impacted various facets of the 
organisation. These achievements exemplify the division's 
unwavering commitment to innovation, efficiency, and sustainability, 
aligning seamlessly with the broader goals of the Group. 
 
Igniting Excitement at the Workplace  
 
GPCD has made significant strides in cultivating a positive work 
culture and fostering a sense of belonging among employees 
through various engagement activities. 
 
Organising employee engagement activities is paramount for 
creating a positive workplace environment and ultimately achieving 
organisational success. Engaged employees are inherently more 
motivated, productive, and committed to their work, leading to 
higher levels of job satisfaction and improved retention rates.  
 
In our commitment to promoting overall well-being among our 
employees, the 360 WellBeing initiative is at the forefront, 
emphasising a holistic approach to wellbeing. Actively engaging in 
health-promoting activities such as Wellness Day 2.0, health talks, 
and on-site basic health screenings. 
 
MFlex Programme: Enhancing Workplace Flexibility 
 
We are proud to introduce the MFlex Programme, a new initiative 
aimed at providing flexible work arrangements to eligible 
employees. By offering flexible work options, we aim to 
accommodate employees' diverse work responsibilities and life 
goals, which are crucial for fostering a high-performing culture and 
retaining top talent within the Group. 
 
Flexible working arrangements, such as those offered through the 
MFlex Programme, contribute to employee satisfaction by allowing 
individuals to better balance their work and personal commitments, 
leading to increased morale and motivation.  
 
Inculcating Life-Long Learning 
 
High-impact training and development initiatives stand as integral 
components of organisational success. These programmes not only 
enhance the knowledge and skills of our employees but also 
provide them opportunities to explore innovative concepts and 
tools which are essential to ensure adaptability in a dynamic 
environment. Investing in our employees’ professional growth 
elevates the organisation’s overall competence in driving strategic 
goals, enhances our competitive position and drives talent retention 
and engagement.
GROUP CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER’S 
REVIEW
At the Group People & Culture Division (GPCD), our mission is to unlock the potential of our greatest 
asset - our People. We believe that positive employees at the workplace contribute to a productive 
organisation which is why despite facing challenges and uncertainties, MBSB has consistently relied on 
a resilient workforce that adapts and emerges stronger from any challenges.
‘‘
‘‘
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 64

---- Page 67 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
65
Unlocking Potential Through Talent Management  
 
Effective talent management is a cornerstone of an organisation’s 
continuity. By attracting and retaining top-tier professionals, an 
organisation is capable of achieving its strategic objectives.  
Fostering Industrial Harmony Through Trade Union 
Recognition 
 
The Bank's recognition of Kesatuan Eksekutif MBSB Bank 
(KESEK) as an official representative of employees to negotiate 
terms and conditions of employment not only aligns with Article 
10 of the Federal Constitution but it is a promulgation of our 
endeavour to foster industrial harmony at the workplace. This 
recognition fortifies and reaffirms our dedication to upholding 
employee rights and promoting fair labour practices which will 
be a catalyst for fostering a greater camaraderie in the workplace. 
 
Attracting and Retaining the right talent  
 
Having the right talent on board is the game changer in 
accelerating transformation. Positioning our brand strategically 
in the employee market through eight career fairs and five 
university engagements nationwide, along with positive exposure 
on social media platforms has seen encouraging reactions 
towards becoming the Employer of Choice. This is also driven 
through the  successful implementation of the internal mobility 
programme which refers to the movement of employees within 
the organisation from one role to another. This programme was 
designed to offer employees opportunities for career 
advancement, skill development, and personal growth. This 
programme includes job rotations, promotions, transfers, and 
lateral moves to align employees' skills and aspirations with 
organisational needs.  
 
Conclusion 
 
In essence, we are continually exploring innovative and efficient 
methods to implement creative programmes aimed at engaging 
our existing employees to retain them, while also attracting new 
talent. This objective can be realised through strategic initiatives 
that foster positivity across various aspects of our workplace, 
creating an environment where everyone can collaborate 
effectively and thrive together. 
 
 
Farid Basir 
Group Chief People Officer  
By providing line managers with people management skills, we 
promote improved communication, and the capacity to address 
HR-related challenges promptly. Our in-house programme, 
"People Managers Lifecycle Training," has played a pivotal role 
in this endeavour, achieving an impressive coverage of 90%, with 
298 out of 330 people managers actively participating. This 
initiative reflects our commitment to nurturing skilled and 
knowledgeable line managers who contribute significantly to the 
positive transformation and success of MBSB. 
 
Enhancing Administrative Processes Through Digitisation  
 
HR digitisation involves the comprehensive transformation of 
traditional HR processes into digital, technology-driven systems. 
This evolution encompasses the integration of digital tools and 
platforms for various tasks, including recruitment, onboarding, 
performance management, payroll, and employee engagement. 
The significance of 31 HR digitisation initiatives in 2023 lies in its 
ability to streamline and automate time-consuming processes, 
reduce administrative burdens, and enhance overall efficiency 
and enabling the Group to adapt to evolving business needs and 
maintain a competitive edge in today's digital era. 
Navigating Success with Competency Compass 
 
Competency Compass is an initiative centred around a robust 
competency framework, comprising a comprehensive collection 
of key behaviors, skills, and abilities crucial for success in specific 
roles or across the entire organisation.  
 
Competency Compass provides a standardised and objective 
means to evaluate and measure the capabilities of individuals 
within an organisation. This approach facilitates effective talent 
management and strategic workforce planning. In 2023, we 
achieved a significant milestone by completing the competency 
framework for 16 divisions across the Bank.
Initiatives:
Nationwide Risk & Compliance Roadshow:  
Reinforces a culture of risk and compliance throughout the bank, 
enhancing employee skills, fostering innovation, and ensuring 
adaptability. 
 
ESG-focused Learning via the UNGC Academy:  
Achieved a commendable 94% completion rate of e-learning initiatives, 
instilling a culture of sustainability within the Group. 
 
Certified Anti Money Laundering/Counter Financing of Terrorism & 
Regulatory Compliance Officer (CCO) Certification Programme:  
Offers comprehensive coverage of AML/CFT and regulatory compliance 
requirements, ensuring ethical practices within the Group. 
Initiatives
Talent Management Framework Introduction:  
The introduction of the Talent Management Framework fosters self-driven 
training needs and boosts external training applications through MGrow, 
with 742 applications in 2023. 
 
Key Talent Development Programmes:  
Programmes such as ‘Psychological Safety for Team Success’ and the 
‘High Performance Leadership Masterclass’ to unlock leadership potential 
through emotional intelligence. 
 
Graduate Employability Trainee Programme (GEM):  
Onboarded 42 GEMs that significantly contribute to building a pipeline of 
fresh talent, aligning with national initiatives, and fulfilling shareholder 
obligations. 
Initiatives
e-Rewards Digitisation Initiative:  
Streamlines reward distribution, eliminating manual interventions, 
promoting sustainability, and ensuring secure and efficient delivery of 
reward letters to employees. 
 
Talent Interview Assessment (e-TIA) Digitisation:  
Transforms assessment processes, accelerating hiring decisions, 
enhancing assessment quality, and improving the employee experience.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 65

---- Page 68 ----
66
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
STRATEGIC REVIEW 
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
MIDF Graduate 
Apprentice 
Programme (GAP)
RM15 Million
invested in cybersecurity 
enhancement
Substantiated complaints 
concerning breaches of 
customer privacy and losses of 
customer data
Zero
50% increase from 2022
89%
Customer  
Satisfaction Index
19% increase compared to 2022
64
Net Promoter  
Score
Rose by 36 points compared to 2022
51%
reduction in  
customer complaints   
Intellectual Capital  
Highlights
Definition  
Our knowledge-based intangibles including brand and reputation, management systems and procedures, digital 
capabilities and intellectual property. 
Key challenges 
Demand for innovation and 
digitalisation: Embedding digitalisation 
into all aspects of our products and 
services is crucial to ensure we could 
provide our customers a speedy and 
seamless products and services.
Ever-changing nature of cyber threats: 
Continuous and evolving efforts are 
essential to safeguard the integrity of our 
operations and data privacy, as 
cybercriminals employ new techniques to 
exploit system vulnerabilities. 
Shifting customer preferences: Adapting 
to the changing needs of customers' to 
enhance an end-to-end customer journey. 
This includes personalised customer 
experiences across all touchpoints, 
including branches, online platforms, and 
mobile applications.
Our approach and performance in 2023 
 
Launch innovative products and services 
 
In 2023, we continued to innovate and digitalise our products and services through the introduction of the following: 
In 2023, MBSB Bank signed an MoU with CelcomDigi to enhance our digital banking and explore new ideas such as smart banking 
solutions, retail financing, and cloud technology.
For more details, please refer to our ‘Innovation and Technology’ section, page 20 of our Sustainability Report.
M JOURNEY  
Corporate
A Digital Transaction 
Banking (DTB) platform 
offering integrated banking 
services for corporate and 
commercial customers.
M JOURNEY - 
Virtual Branch
Online portal enables users 
to conduct transactions 
without visiting a physical 
branch. 
M JOURNEY  
Mobile Application
In 2023, active users 
surged by 186% to 
118,743, from 41,567 in 
2022, indicating substantial 
growth. 
MIDF Invest
A digital stockbroking 
product from MIDF 
Amanah Investment Bank 
Berhad
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 66

---- Page 69 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
67
Enhancing data privacy and cybersecurity measures 
 
In 2023, we spent a total of RM15 million to upgrade and enhance our cybersecurity measures in comparison to RM10 million in 
2022. This allows us to maintain zero substantiated complaints for data privacy breaches similar to last year.  
 
In addition to comprehensive internal policies and procedures, we initiated several systems to enhance our data privacy and 
cybersecurity measures in 2023, which includes:  
 
1. Enterprise Mobile Management (EMM) 
2. File Integrity Management (FIM) 
3. Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Enhancements 
4. Security Posture Assessment (SPA) 
5. Data Leakage Prevention (DLP) System 
For more details, please refer to our ‘Data Privacy and Cybersecurity’ section, pages 21 to 23 of our Sustainability Report.
Managing customer experience and satisfaction 
 
In 2023, we established a new hotline call centre dedicated to Ihsan-i FSA2, and uplift in-branch experience through continuous  
process improvements initiatives. 
 
Our efforts to providing exceptional customer experience and satisfaction were translated into notable achievements in 2023: 
Total number of 
complaints
• Received 530 customer complaints through various channels, marking a remarkable 51% reduction 
compared to 2022 when there were 1,075 complaints.
Customer 
Satisfaction  
Index 
• Achieved a Customer Satisfaction Index of 89%, a significant improvement from 75% in 2022.  
• This improvement is attributed to enhanced product offerings, streamlined processes, and 
improved customer service. 
Net Promoter 
Score
• Net Promoter Score (NPS) rose to 64 from 28 in 2022, surpassing the industry benchmark of 61.  
• Factors contributing to this improvement include the ease of applications, competitive interest 
rates, and efficient services. 
For more details, please refer to our ‘Customer Experience and Satisfaction’ section, pages 17 to 19 of our Sustainability Report.
Customer’s Testimonial
MBSB Bank offers a wide array of financial products and services tailored to both individual 
and corporate clients which have led to meet the needs of DAR Energy Sdn Bhd. MBSB Bank 
has consistently earned praise for its customer-centric approach and we are pleased for its 
responsive customer service, streamlined processes, and user-friendly digital banking platforms. 
Whether through online banking, mobile apps, or in-branch services, MBSB Bank ensures 
accessibility and convenience for its customers. 
 
As a satisfied customer of MBSB Bank, we wish to express our genuine desire for a long-term 
relationship with the bank. Over the course of our interactions with MBSB Bank, we have 
experienced firsthand the professionalism, reliability, and dedication of the bank’s team in 
delivering exceptional service and value. We earnestly hope to cultivate a lasting partnership 
with MBSB Bank, built on trust, transparency, and mutual respect. 
 
Here’s to a prosperous and enduring relationship with MBSB Bank! 
‘‘ ‘‘
Ir. Rozali Ahmad 
Director 
DAR Energy Sdn. Bhd.  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 67

---- Page 70 ----
68
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER'S 
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION REVIEW 
MBSB's digital journey is a significant step in evolving our banking services, aiming to improve how we 
connect with customers and stakeholders. Our strategy utilizes data and advanced technology to 
innovate and refine our offerings. The M JOURNEY suite and our latest financial tools have driven an 
increase in digital onboarding and transactions, indicating a shift towards our user-friendly and secure 
digital solutions. This growth in usage and transactions underscores our focus on enhancing customer 
experiences and boosting our operational efficiency through smart technology.
As we look to the horizon, MBSB's 
transformation plan is about 
pioneering an ecosystem that 
seamlessly integrates with our clients' 
lifestyles, empowering them to 
manage their finances with 
unparalleled ease and security.
‘‘ ‘‘
Digital Milestones and innovations
• M JOURNEY Mobile App: Tripled user engagement 
with 1.74 million transactions, totaling RM1.95 billion. 
 
• M JOURNEY Retail Internet Banking 
(https://mjourney.mbsbbank.com/): Welcomed over 
147,000 new users. 
 
• New Digital Products: Unveiled five trailblazing tools, 
including M JOURNEY Corporate and M TRADE 
Mobile App, strengthening online banking and trade 
finance.
Digitalisation in Action
• M TRADE Mobile App: Simplified trade finance, adding 
188 users and processing transactions worth RM420 
million. 
 
• Ihsan-i for EPF’s Fasiliti Sokongan Akaun 2: A digital-
first approach to personal finance, developed within 
one month and launched in April 2023, enhancing 
customer support and engagement. 
 
• DuitNow QR Payments: Streamlined the transition for 
SMEs, boosting convenience and security. 
 
• DuitNow Online Banking Wallet (OBW) for online 
purchases at merchants.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 68

---- Page 71 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
69
Operational Efficiencies
• M PROCURE: Transformed vendor management 
through SAP Ariba integration, cutting costs and 
increasing transparency. 
 
• Talent Assessment: Digitised hiring, enhancing 
decision speed and quality. 
 
• Project Philly: Advanced MIDF's financing processes, 
reducing approval times and optimising financial 
transactions. 
 
• MIDF Invest updated website for enhanced trading 
experience beyond mobile. 
 
• MIDF adoption of e-approval: internal approvals 
automation for real-time tracking 
 
• Antares System Upgrade: Trade Order Management 
System for fund managers to manage trade orders.
Future Initiatives
• Online Business Account with e-KYB: Launching in Q3 
2024 to eliminate physical branch visits for SMEs. 
 
• Cyber Security: Fortified online banking defenses, 
eliminating SMS OTP/TAC for transactions. 
 
• M JOURNEY Mobile App: To receive further 
enhancements with refreshed customer journey, 
ensuring 'mobile-first' banking leadership. 
 
• M JOURNEY CORPORATE DuitNow Bulk Payment: 
Instant and seamless bulk transactions processing for 
supplier payments readily available in Q4 2024.
As we look to the horizon, MBSB's transformation plan is about pioneering an ecosystem that seamlessly integrates with our clients' 
lifestyle, empowering them to manage their finances with unparalleled ease and security. 
  
Our forthcoming initiatives, like the revolutionary e-Know Your Business (e-KYB) system for SMEs, are set to launch a new era of 
banking accessibility in Q3 2024. With every step, we are ensuring that our cyber security measures are robust, safeguarding ou r 
customers’ trust. In the dynamic digital era, our aim is to offer a banking experience that's secure, efficient, intuitive, and  forward-
thinking, designed to align with our customers' lifestyle and life stages. 
 
 
Dato’ Azlan Shahrim  
Group Chief Strategy Officer
MBSB Bank launched M TRADE Mobile App where it allows businesses to manage their trade finance transactions seamlessly with fingerprint and facial 
identification interface
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 69

---- Page 72 ----
70
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For more details, please refer to our ‘Economic Performance’ section, pages 15 to 16 of our Sustainability Report.
People
• Improvement of our sales to operations staff ratio from 24:76 in 2021 to 41:59 in 2023 has provided 
more resources for customer-facing activities such as sales, customer service, and relationship 
management. 
• Investment in a series of training and development programmes to equip branch staff with the necessary 
skills and knowledge. 
• Introduction of Branch Manager Profiling via Online Harrison Assessment to identify candidates 
who possess the qualities and competencies needed to excel as Branch Managers.
• Physical branch transformation through relocation and upgrading  
• Setting up new Commercial Banking Centres which provides support to local SME operators by 
offering financing solutions and strategic advice.
Platform
Process 
• Improve the digital adoption level by providing tablets and self-service terminals (ATM/CRM) at 
branches. 
• Improve service delivery at branches via the Queue Management System (QMS). 
• Set up the Branch Operations Helpdesk for branches to reach out to subject matter experts and 
promptly address branch and customer issues. 
• Implement a continuous improvement programme through the Branch Operations Excellence 
(BOE) programme, aiming to optimise operational efficiency and streamline workflows 
• Introduce the 'Anywhere Banking' concept by removing restrictions of Home-Branch, providing 
greater flexibility, accessibility, and convenience to customers.
Manufactured Capital  
Highlights
Definition  
An established network of bank branches and touch points across Malaysia to provide services that meet the needs of  
key stakeholders. 
Key challenges 
Balancing between digitalisation and traditional branch operations: While integrating digital technologies and self-
service options into our branches enhances efficiency, we must also prioritise the human touch and relationship-building 
aspects that are vital in our branch settings.
47
MBSB Bank Branches
5
MIDF Regional Offices
Our approach and performance in 2023 
 
Continue Branch Transformation Programme 
 
As a key initiative to expand our Consumer Banking arm, our Branch Transformation programme aims to redesign our branch 
model from being operations-oriented to being sales-centric and customer-focused. This is done to ensure enhanced efficiency, 
digitalisation, customer satisfaction, and overall business growth and success. The programme comprises three pillars: People, 
Platform, and Process.
STRATEGIC REVIEW 
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 70

---- Page 73 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
71
Natural Capital  
Definition  
Use of natural resources (renewable and non-renewable) by MBSB Group throughout our value chain, and how  
we drive progress in environmental sustainability.
Key challenges 
Evolving environmental 
regulations: Keeping 
update with industry 
regulations is crucial, 
especially as standards, 
reporting, and disclosure 
requirements become 
more stringent. 
Transitioning to a low-
carbon economy: 
Navigating the shift toward 
a low-carbon economy is 
crucial yet challenging, 
especially in managing our 
high-emitting sectors.
Managing our carbon 
footprint: Tracking and 
reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions (GHG) 
associated with operations 
while implementing 
initiatives for managing 
natural resources.
Promoting sustainable 
finance: There is a 
growing demand for green 
and sustainable financing, 
necessitates strategic 
planning
Net Zero
Introduced
reNIKOLA II ASEAN  
Green SRI Sukuk
Issuance of 
Strategy
RM667 Million
with short-term and long-term targets 
Scope 3
Embarked on
measurement for business travel 
and employee commuting 
category, for MBSB Bank
to refinance two 30MW solar plants
total worth of projects financed by 
Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah
Our approach and performance in 2023 
 
Meeting environmental requirements 
 
We ensured compliance with relevant laws and regulations issued 
by the government and regulators. This includes compliance 
against Bursa Malaysia Sustainability Reporting Guide  
(3rd Edition) and BNM's policy document on Climate Risk 
Management and Scenario Analysis (CRMSA). Through the 
CRSMA exercise conducted throughout the year, our climate 
change management and disclosures have been significantly 
improved. This includes enhancement for sustainability 
governance, integration of climate risk management, and 
development a climate risk management framework and policy, 
among other initiatives.  
 
 
 
Introduce Net Zero Strategy 
 
We tracked Scope 3 emissions for the financed emissions 
category for both MBSB Bank and MIDF using the Partnership 
for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) methodology, which 
forms the basis of our decarbonisation strategies. 
 
In 2023, we formulated our inaugural Net Zero Strategy to 
strengthen our resilience against climate-related risks and 
facilitate a structured transition to a low-carbon economy. Our 
Net Zero Strategy outlines short-term and long-term (2030 and 
2050) targets for our high-emitting sectors, namely: 
 
1. Utilities 
2. Agricultural Products, Packaged Food and Meats 
3. Energy
Highlights
STRATEGIC REVIEW 
NATURAL CAPITAL
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 71

---- Page 74 ----
72
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Managing emissions and resources 
 
We closely monitor our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions across all our offices and branches. In 2023, we embarked on Scope 3 
emissions measurement for the business travel and employee commuting category by MBSB Bank. MIDF is expected to commence 
monitoring the same category of Scope 3 emissions in 2024. In 2023, our total emissions for Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 (business 
travel and employee commuting category) amounted to 9,526 tCO2e.  
 
Due to the acquisition of MIDF and the expansion of our scope and boundaries in 2023, the majority of our environmental metrics 
Scope 1 Scope 1 emissions increased by 67% compared to the previous year, reaching 41 tCO 2e in 2023 
compared to 24 tCO2e in 2022
Scope 2 Scope 2 emissions saw a 6% increase in 2023, totalling 5,480 tCO 2e compared to 5,161 tCO 2e in 
2022
Electricity 
consumption Our electricity consumption saw a 7% uptick with 7,525 MWh, compared to 7,044 MWh in 2022.
Energy 
consumption
Our energy consumption rose from 25,693,276 MJ in 2022 to 28,341,967 MJ in 2023, equivalent to 
a 10% increase
We remain committed to implementing emission reduction measures such as energy-saving and water-saving initiatives, which 
includes the installation of inverter air-conditioners, LED lighting, dual flush systems and self-closing taps at our branches in 2023.  
 
Additionally, we are actively digitising our banking processes to reduce paper usage, through e-statement adoption and electronic 
signatures in 2023. 
For more details, please refer to our ‘Environmental Stewardship’ section, pages  27 to 33 of our Sustainability Report.
Continuous sustainable financing offerings 
 
Our commitment to sustainable and green financing is evident in our offerings such as the reNIKOLA II ASEAN Green SRI Sukuk, 
MIDF Amanah ESG Mustadamah fund, and Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah, among others.  
 
In 2023, through the Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah, MBSB Bank has allocated RM161 million for solar, RM10 million for biogas, and 
RM496 million for public infrastructure projects.
For more details, please refer to our ‘Sustainable Financing’ section, pages 24 to 27 of our Sustainability Report.
STRATEGIC REVIEW 
NATURAL CAPITAL
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 72

---- Page 75 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
73
Our approach and performance in 2023 
 
Serving the communities through community development programmes 
 
In 2023, we saw an increase in our community investments where we spent RM4.2 million, compared to RM3 million in 2022, 
benefiting more than 55,534 beneficiaries. Moreover, our volunteer hours surged by over 600%, from 580 hours in 2022 to 4,504 
hours in 2023.  
 
We believe that long-term programmes could create a more sustainable impact on society. Hence, in 2023, we continued to prioritise 
our flagship programmes, such as the Growth Entrepreneurship Assistance Programme (GRAP) 2.0, Box of Care initiatives, MyGEN 
programme, KWSP's financial literacy workshops, and FINCO's outreach programme, among many others. 
RM4.2 Million
Spent for community 
investment
40% increase compared to 2022
4,504 Hours
Total volunteer hours 
677% increase compared to 
2022
more than  
55,534
Beneficiaries from our 
community development 
programmes
Highlights
Key challenges 
Measuring impact: Making a lasting, sustainable impact 
remain as an important component of our community 
investment programmes. It is crucial yet complex to 
establish clear metrics and evaluation criteria to track 
effectiveness and long-term benefits. 
Financial inclusion: it is our responsibility to promote 
inclusive growth, provide adequate support and create 
positive socioeconomic impacts by providing access to 
affordable products and services to SMEs and 
microentrepreneurs for their long-term business growth.
Social and Relationship Capital  
Definition  
The relationships MBSB Group has built with its community and key stakeholders that allow knowledge exchange to enhance 
individuals and collective well-being. 
For more details, please refer to our 'Serving the Communities' section, pages 36 to 39 of our Sustainability Report.
For more details, please refer to our 'Sustainable Financing' section, pages 24 to 27 of our Sustainability Report
Supporting SMEs through financial inclusion 
 
We empower SMEs to expand their operations and contribute to the economy by granting them access to financial assistance and 
financially inclusive products.  
 
Our support includes initiatives such as M-Government Guarantee Scheme (M-GGS), Skim Jaminan Pembiayaan Perniagaan (SJPP), 
MIDF Sustainable and Green Biz Financing, Skim Jaminan Kredit Perumahan (SJKP), MIDF Second Chance Financing (2CF), MIDF 
SME Revitalisation Financing and various housing mortgage assistance.   
 
Similar to previous year, we continue to offer BNM funds to SMEs which includes the SME Automation and Digitalisation Facility 
(ADF), Agrofood Facility (AF), High Tech and Green Facility (HTG), and All Economic Sectors (AES). 
STRATEGIC REVIEW 
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 73

---- Page 76 ----
74
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
FIVE-YEAR 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                          2019                    2020                    2021                   2022                 2023  
  MBSB Group 
 
Revenue (RM million)                                                    3,012.0                3,145.5                2,624.7               2,694.5             2,821.3 
 
Profit before Tax (RM million)                                           897.4                  427.6                   714.1                  691.3                559.7 
 
Total Assets (RM million)                                             50,709.7             48,438.5              50,681.3             54,948.3           66,663.3 
                                                                                                   
Net Assets per Share (sen)                                               127.9                  127.0                   121.0                  124.9                119.7 
 
Basic Earnings per Share (sen)                                          11.0                       4.0                       6.2                      6.4                    6.6 
 
Cost-to-Income Ratio (%)                                                  28.4                    24.4                     32.8                    42.8                  51.2 
 
Deposits (RM million)                                                  35,893.7             33,882.7              33,251.3             36,468.5           47,623.6 
 
  MBSB Bank 
 
Revenue (RM million)                                                    2,941.8                3,070.8                2,759.7               2,804.2             2,829.3 
 
Profit before Tax (RM million)                                           663.7                  354.3                   655.0                  636.1                272.5 
 
Total Assets (RM million)                                             50,348.4             48,248.5              51,259.7             55,537.6           60,285.2 
 
Shareholder’s Equity (RM million)                                 6,048.8               6,432.6                6,514.5               7,642.0             7,897.8 
 
Cost-to-Income Ratio (%)                                                  29.9                     25.9                     32.7                    39.4                  64.6 
 
Deposits (RM million)                                                  35,893.7              33,882.7              34,068.0             36,624.0           42,061.6
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 74

---- Page 77 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
75
FLIGHT26  
 
Our strategy rests on four key missions: elevating our CASA, expanding our financing, increasing non-funded income, achieving 
optimum Cost to Income Ratio and boosting our Return on Equity (ROE). 
The FLIGHT26 will further be supported by our Transformation Programme, known as TP30, which detailed out specific projects 
from across our business segments.  
Mission 1
Improve CASA ratio and reduce  
cost of funds.
Mission 2
Expand financing  
portfolio substantially.
Mission 3
2026 Goal 
To achieve 
higher ROE
Increase proportion of non-funded 
income from total net revenue.
Mission 4
Strive for more efficient  
Cost to Income Ratio.
OUR 
STRATEGY
9
Consumer 
Banking 6
Commercial 
Banking 12
Wholesale 
Banking 3
Digital 
Banking
Grow CASA and reduce 
high cost of funding
Transformation Programme (TP30)
Key Focus Under TP30
1 SMEs will become 
the main driver for 
growth
2 Shifting of Consumer 
Banking to affluent 
segment, supported by 
expansion of consumer 
products and services
3 Corporate Banking 
to grow sustainable 
financing
4
Source for high 
quality customers 
for better asset 
quality
5 Accelerate MIDF 
businesses 
6 Cost optimisation 
across the Group
7 Sustainably grow 
financing to  
RM50 billion
8
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 75

---- Page 78 ----
76
OUR 
STRATEGY
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Our Group-level strategy revolves around the Chevron 
Flight Strategy, drawing inspiration from the formation 
of migratory birds. This formation provides birds with 
aerodynamic advantages for efficient and resilient 
long-distance travel, reflecting the power of cohesive 
efforts across all subsidiaries. By leveraging business 
synergies and combining resources, we aim to 
establish ourselves as a best-in-class organisation for 
financing, funding, savings, investments, Takaful and 
other financial products and services.
Leveraging on the expertise  
of MBSB Bank and MIDF to 
develop a complete product suite 
• Consumer Banking 
Full-fledged financing and 
wealth management products 
• Commercial Banking 
Integrated financing & advisory 
solution 
• Wholesale Banking 
Establish MBSB Group as 
preferred sources of financing 
and capital 
We are focused on our value-
based pricing for a competitive 
advantage 
• Blended and tiered offerings 
and pricing 
Levering on the strengths of 
MBSB Bank and MIDF to create 
innovative offerings at 
competitive rates 
• Tailored programmes 
Development of streamlined 
programmes to sharpen our 
consumer segments and target 
areas 
We see risk management as a key 
strategic driver to manage our 
medium to long-term success 
• Robust credit  
Detailed criteria and guidelines 
for underwriting to manage risks 
from lending 
• Enhanced cybersecurity & 
fraud controls 
Continuous enhancement of our 
cybersecurity and fraud 
management digital systems 
• Effective monitoring & recovery 
of non-performing financing 
(NPF) 
Recovering our non-performing 
assets for maximum value  
creation 
Increase product 
holding ratio
Higher transaction 
velocity and sustained non 
funded income 
Reduce NPF and increase 
high quality asset growth
Design a Complete  
Product Suite
Competitive  
Value-Based pricing
Institutionalise  
Effective Risk Controls
Strategic  
Objectives 
Key 
Drivers
Impact 
Created
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 76

---- Page 79 ----
Section 02About MBSB
77
We continue enhance an end-to-
end customer journey for high 
quality service 
• “Customer first” mindset 
Serving our customers with the 
best standards in industry at the 
core of all we do 
• Simplified processes by 
reengineering & automation  
Enabling seamless and 
simplified processes and 
experiences for our customers  
• Customer Relationship 
Management System 
Implementing systematic 
approaches to managing our 
customer relationships 
• Faster turn around time (TAT) 
Serving the needs and concerns 
of customers as quickly as 
possible 
We see our people as a valuable 
asset to drive our growth 
• Effective training and 
upskilling: Equipped with the 
skills needed to stay ahead. 
• Consistent communication for 
employee commitment: 
Regular engagement 
strengthening our bonds with 
employees. 
• Clear KPIs tied to reward 
matrix: Well-defined KPIs linked 
to rewards incentivise high 
performance and drive 
accountability. 
• Hiring and retaining quality 
talents: Attracting and retaining 
top-tier talent ensures a strong 
and dynamic team poised for 
success. 
 
We provide our clients and 
customers with a seamless 
banking experience through our 
diverse and user-friendly 
channels 
• Holistic physical and digital 
touchpoints 
Improving the quality of our 
physical branches and digital 
platforms 
• Expanding customer reach 
Attracting new customers 
through digital offerings 
• Resilient and stable digital 
channels 
Reliable and robust digital 
platforms for easy accessibility  
• Dedicated centres 
Dedicated centres to better 
serve customers' and improve 
efficiency 
Enhance our market presence by 
building on our existing success 
and new value propositions as an 
enlarged entity 
• Enhanced brand awareness 
and consumer relevance 
marketing: Tailoring marketing 
strategies and campaigns to 
increase visibility and meet 
consumer preferences. 
• Offer business-friendly 
financing packages: Offering 
financing solutions and 
packages tailored to the needs 
of businesses. 
• Integrated investment banking 
and corporate solutions: 
Providing comprehensive 
services and corporate solutions 
to meet the diverse needs of 
clients. 
Attract new  
customers to MBSB Group
Improve customer’s 
loyalty
Improve customer feedback 
and  rating scores
Establish MBSB 
Group as a talent  hub 
with low attrition rate 
Innovative Unique 
Value Proposition
Ease Accessibility Via  
Diverse Channels
Deliver Excellent  
Customer Service
Cultivate High  
Performance Culture
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 77

---- Page 80 ----
78
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
We take great pride in infusing sustainability into our business operations and services, wherever 
possible, making it an integral part of our identity. 
Throughout 2023, we have dedicated significant efforts to establish policies and processes aimed at effectively managing our 
sustainability-related risks and addressing sustainability material matters. A comprehensive account of our sustainability prog ress 
and performance, accompanied by quantitative and qualitative data, is presented in our Sustainability Report 2023.  
 
Refined Sustainability Framework 
 
In 2023, we refined our Sustainability Framework to strengthen our commitment to 
sustainability. This comprehensive framework integrates ESG considerations into our 
operations, delivering innovative financing solutions and drive the organisation 
towards a sustainable culture. 
Please scan the QR code to read our 
Sustainability Report 2023
To provide sustainable and 
innovative solutions benefiting our communities
Sustainability 
Vision
Sustainability 
Mission 
Statement
Sustainability 
Pillars
Our 
Goals
MBSB Group aims to these foster values by: 
• Delivering innovative financing solutions in a fair, inclusive and transparent system 
• Prioritising environmental stewardship and social responsibility whilst delivering value sustainably 
• Contributing and investing in our customers and community to improve quality of life
Innovating and 
Creating Value
Operating 
Sustainably
Empowering a 
Sustainable Culture
Propelling MBSB Group forward 
as a leading sustainable 
organisation by providing 
innovative and sustainable 
solutions to our customers and 
communities
Upholding environmental 
stewardship and social 
responsibility in MBSB Group’s 
business operations
Empowering a culture of 
sustainability among internal 
stakeholders while continuing to 
invest in our communities
• Innovating sustainable Islamic finance 
• Expanding our green portfolio 
• Prioritising customer engagement and 
satisfaction 
• Strengthening our brand 
• Advancing SMEs and local communities 
• Combating climate change 
• Enhancing our digital processes 
• Embedding sustainable practices across the 
value chain 
• Upholding integrity through compliance 
• Developing workforce capabilities 
• Workforce diversity and equality 
SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW: 
ACCELERATING SUSTAINABILITY AT MBSB
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 78

---- Page 81 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
79
Advancing Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)  
 
We remain vigilant in monitoring our contribution to the 10 identified UN SDGs, reflecting our dedication to the broader global targets 
and ambitions. Our commitment lies in fostering sustainable long-term growth through enhanced business performance, 
environmental preservation, and comprehensive community support. 
For more details on our contribution to the UN SDGs, please refer to the “UN SDG Index” section in the Sustainability Report, pages 56 to 57.
Enhanced Sustainability Governance Structure  
 
In 2023, we implemented structural enhancements to our sustainability governance to accommodate the expanded MBSB Group, 
which comprises both MBSB Bank and MIDF . Key enhancements include: 
 
• Establishment of the Group Sustainability Council 
• Formation of the Group Management Committee 
• Expansion of the Board's role at both the group and entity level 
Legend     New Committee    Group level Entity level     Annotation
Main 
Board          
Board  
Committees        
Senior 
Management       
Working Level 
Committees      
Board of Directors
Risk Management Committee (RMC)
Group Management Committee (GMC)         
Group Sustainability Council (GSC)
Board of Directors 
Entities
Board Risk Management and 
Compliance Committee (BRMCC) 
Entities
Management Committee (MANCO) 
Entities
Sustainability Working Group (SWG)  
Entities
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 79

---- Page 82 ----
80
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
SUSTAINABILITY REVIEW: 
ACCELERATING SUSTAINABILITY AT MBSB
Pillar 1 
Innovating and Creating Value
Economic Performance
• Total value generated of  
RM2.8 billion 
• Total value distributed of  
RM2.8 billion
Customer Experience & 
Satisfaction
• Achieved 89% Customer 
Satisfaction Index 
• 51% reduction in total  
customer complaints 
• Achieved 64 for Net Promoter 
Score 
• Establishment of new hotline 
call for Ihsan-i FSA 2 
Innovation and 
Technology
• Launched M JOURNEY 
Corporate and M JOURNEY 
Virtual Branch 
• Signed Memorandum of 
Understanding with 
CelcomDigi for digitalisation 
effort
Data Privacy & Cybersecurity
• Zero substantiated complaints concerning breaches 
of customer privacy and losses of customer data 
• RM15 million invested in cybersecurity enhancement 
Sustainable Financing
• Total projects financed by Sustainability Sukuk  
Wakalah worth RM667 million 
• Issuance of reNIKOLA II ASEAN Green SRI Sukuk to  
refinance solar plants 
• Continued offering of sustainable, including products 
and services
2023 Sustainability Highlights
Implementing a top-down approach focused on accountability, the Board, as the highest governing body, holds ultimate responsibility 
for overseeing and managing sustainability and climate risk matters. Assisting the Board are the board committees, namely the RMC 
and BRMCC, alongside management committees at both the group and entity level. At the working level, the Group Sustainability Council, 
aided by the Sustainability Working Group, monitors the implementation of sustainability and climate risk efforts and initiatives.  
 
We have integrated climate risk management into our enhanced sustainability governance structure with consideration of the three 
lines of defense. As of 2023, we are still in the process of implementing our enhanced governance structure, with full implementation 
expected by 2024. 
Net Zero Strategy 
 
In 2023, we introduced our inaugural Net Zero Strategy to fortify our resilience against climate-related risks and facilitate a structured 
transition to a low-carbon economy. This strategy was developed in alignment with key regulators and government policies, including 
BNM's CRMSA policy document and supplemental guidance, as well as the Climate Change and Principle-based Taxonomy (CCPT), 
among many others. Our Net Zero Strategy establishes both short-term and long-term targets for Scope 3 financed emissions. These 
targets aim for a reduction of 27% by 2030 and a reduction of 96% by 2050 from the baseline set in 2022. 
Detailed information on our enhanced sustainability governance structure, please refer to “Our Sustainability Governance” section in our Sustainability Report, 
pages 7 to 8.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 80

---- Page 83 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
81
Ethics and Integrity
• 100% of our operations has been assessed for 
corruption-related risks 
• 88% employees received trainings on anti-corruption 
 
Competent Workforce
• Encouraged employees to attend various capacity-
building programmes 
• Invested RM7 million towards employee training and 
education, with 118,346 training hours 
• 8.4% overall turnover rate, and 12% overall new  
hire rate 
Employee Health and Wellbeing
• Established Annual Occupational Safety and  
Health Plan 
• Zero fatality with 0.15 Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) 
• 1,017 total employees and contractors participated in 
health and safety training programmes
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
• 100% Malaysian workforce 
• In line with empowering people with disabilities (PWD) 
initiative, we partner with educational institutions to 
expand our outreach 
Environmental  
Stewardship
• Established Net Zero Strategy 
• Initiated Scope 3 measurement 
for business travel and 
employee commuting category 
for MBSB Bank 
• Total emissions of 9,526 tCO 2e 
for Scope 1, Scope 2 and 
selected Scope 3 
Sustainable  
Procurement
• Developed Sustainable 
Procurement Policy and Supply 
Chain Due Diligence Framework 
• Engaged 98% local suppliers 
and vendors 
• Received 295 responses from 
Supplier Sustainability Survey 
Serving the  
Community
• Contributed RM4.2 million in 
community development 
programmes 
• Achieved 4,504 volunteer hours 
• Reached more than 55,534 
beneficiaries 
Pillar 2 
Operating Sustainably
Pillar 3 
Empowering a Sustainable Culture
2023 Sustainability Highlights
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 81

---- Page 84 ----
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 82

---- Page 85 ----
Section 032023: The Y ear In Review
OUR 
LEADERSHIP
85    Profile of MBSB Board of Directors 
92    Profile of MBSB Group Management Committee 
100  Profile of MBSB Bank Board of Directors  
104  Profile of MIDF Board of Directors 
108  Profile of MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Board of Directors 
111  Profile of MIDF Amanah Asset Management Board of Directors  
114  Profile of MBSB Bank Shariah Advisory Committee  
117  Profile of MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Shariah Committee
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 83

---- Page 86 ----
84
MBSB 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Dr. Loh Leong Hua 
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Mohamad Abdul Halim bin 
Ahmad 
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Lynette Yeow Su-Yin 
Senior Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Datuk (Dr.) Yasmin binti 
Mahmood  
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Seated from left to right: 
 
Sazaliza bin Zainuddin  
Non-Independent 
Executive Director
 
 
Dato' Wan Kamaruzaman bin  
Wan Ahmad  
Chairman / Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
 
 
Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mamat 
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Standing from left to right:
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 84

---- Page 87 ----
85
PROFILE OF MBSB 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Chartered Banker, Asian Institute of Chartered Banker 
• Bachelor of Economics (Analytical Economics), Hons, 
University Malaya 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships 
 
Other listed entities:  
• Malaysian Resources Corporation Berhad 
• Bermaz Auto Berhad 
 
Other public companies:  
• Chairman, MBSB Bank Berhad 
 
Present Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Iris Capital Partners Sdn. Bhd.  
• Chairman, Investment Advisory Panel, Securities 
Commission. 
• Member, Investment Panel, Employees Provident Fund 
Board 
• Director, Mudarabah Innovation Fund Investments Ltd 
• Director, Global LNG Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Lembaga Penduduk dan Pembangunan Keluarga 
Negara 
• Commission Member, Malaysian Aviation Commission 
 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments: 
 
• Chairman, Bank of America Malaysia Berhad (2022-2023) 
• Director, Damansara REIT Managers Sdn. Bhd.  (2020-2023) 
• Director, Bond/Sukuk Information Platform Sdn. Bhd.  (BIX 
Malaysia) (2017-2023) 
• Board Member, Minority Shareholder Watch Group  
(2016-2022) 
• Director, Malaysia Convention & Exhibition Bureau  
(2020-2022) 
• Director, RHL Ventures Advisory Sdn. Bhd.  (2019-2020) 
• Director, Nomura Islamic Asset Management Sdn. Bhd.  
(2019-2020) 
• Director, Pacific Trustee Sdn. Bhd.  (2019-2020) 
• Advisory Committee Member, Financial Times Stock 
Exchange (FTSE) Russel, London (2015-2019) 
• Chairman, Institutional Investors Council Malaysia 
(2015-2018) 
• Chief Executive Officer, Kumpulan Wang Persaraan 
(Diperbadankan) (“KWAP”) (2013-2018) 
• Director, Malakoff Corporation Berhad (2013-2018) 
• Director, Prima Ekuiti (UK) Limited (2013-2018) 
• Director, UMW Corporation Berhad (2011-2013) 
• General Manager, Treasury Department, Employees 
Provident Fund (2007-2013) 
• Finance Director, Izoma Sdn. Bhd.  (2006-2007) 
• Director, Permodalan BSN (2006-2007) 
• Finance Director, Kemuncak Facilities Management  
Sdn. Bhd.  (2005-2006) 
• Chief Executive Officer and Director with several companies 
within the Affin Group (1994-2005) 
• Various roles in Treasury Department at Malayan Banking 
Berhad (1981-1994) 
 
Declaration 
 
• Nominee of Employees Provident Fund Board (EPF)
DATO’ WAN KAMARUZAMAN BIN WAN AHMAD
Nationality :    Malaysian Age : 64 Gender : Male
NRCRMCAC Nomination and Remuneration CommitteeRisk Management CommitteeAudit Committee Chairman Member
Section 04Our Leadership
Chairman/ Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 24 January 2024
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 85

---- Page 88 ----
86
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NRCRMCAC Nomination and Remuneration CommitteeRisk Management CommitteeAudit Committee Chairman Member
PUAN LYNETTE YEOW SU-YIN
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 22 March 2017 
Attendance in 2023: All 23 Board Meetings held in the financial year.
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Member, Malaysian Bar 
• Master of Arts, University of Cambridge 
• Bachelor of Arts (Hons), University of Cambridge  
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship  
 
Other listed entities:  
• CTOS Digital Berhad 
 
Other public companies:  
• Nil 
 
Present Appointments 
 
• Director, TNB Power Generation Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, SC Shekar Photography Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Beagle Books Sdn. Bhd.  
• Trustee, The Datai Pledge 
• Consultant, Sanjay Mohan, Advocates & Solicitors 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Board Member, The Securities Commission Malaysia  
(2021-2023) 
• Director, MBSB Bank Berhad (2018-2021) 
• Director, Themed Attractions Resorts and Hotels Sdn. Bhd.  
(2015-2020) 
• Panel of Mediators, Securities Industry Dispute Resolution 
Center (SIDREC) (2015-2019) 
• Partner, Chua Associates, Advocates & Solicitors  
(2015-2018) 
• Partner, Kadir Andri & Partners (2011-2015) 
• Partner, Zaid Ibrahim & Co (2002-2011) 
• Partner, Raslan Loong (2000-2002) 
 
 
 
 
NRC AC
ENCIK SAZALIZA BIN ZAINUDDIN
Non-Independent Executive Director*
Date of Appointment: 10 May 2021 
Attendance in 2023: 22 out of 23 Board Meetings held in the financial year.
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, UK (ACCA) 
• BA Hons in Accounting & Finance, Southbank University, 
United Kingdom  
• Diploma in Accountancy, UITM 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship 
 
Other listed entities:  
• Nil 
 
Other public companies:  
• MBSB Bank Berhad 
 
Present Appointment 
 
• Chief Operating Officer, Employees Provident Fund 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chief Financial Officer, Employees Provident Fund  
(2017-2021) 
• Director, MBSB Bank Berhad (2018-2021) 
• Director, Malaysia Building Society Berhad (2017-2018)  
• Director, HSBC Amanah Takaful (Malaysia) Berhad  
(2013-2017)  
 
Declaration 
 
• Nominee of Employees Provident Fund Board (EPF) 
 
* Note:   
Encik Sazaliza bin Zainuddin does not hold any executive position in MBSB and 
does not have any management responsibilities in MBSB. His designation as Non-
Independent Executive Director of MBSB is pursuant to the definition of “Executive 
Director” in BNM’s Guidelines on Corporate Governance, which defines “Executive 
Director” as a director of a financial institution who has management responsibilities 
in the financial institution or any of its affiliates. EPF is an affiliate of MBSB, and 
Encik Sazaliza bin Zainuddin has management responsibilities in EPF .  
PROFILE OF MBSB 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Nationality  :  Malaysian 
Age              :  54    
Gender        :  Female
Nationality  :  Malaysian 
Age              :  51   
Gender        :  Male
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 86

---- Page 89 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
87
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Economics (Honours), Universiti Malaya, 
Malaysia  
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business 
School, United States of America 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships  
 
Other listed entities:  
• Chairman, MCE Holdings Berhad 
• Chairman, Lotte Chemical Titan Holding Berhad 
• Chairman, ECA Integrated Solutions Berhad 
 
Other public companies:  
• Chairman, Malaysian Industrial Development Finance 
Berhad 
 
Present Appointments  
 
• Chairman, River of Life Hospital & Healthcare Sdn. Bhd.  
• Chairman, Prisma Galeri Sdn. Bhd.  
• Chairman, Malaysian Technology Development  
Corporation Sdn. Bhd.   
• Chairman, Asia Logistics Council Sdn. Bhd.  
• Chairman, Eastern Steel Sdn. Bhd.   
• Chairman, Oceanmight Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, MTDC BGF Sdn. Bhd.   
• Director, MTDC BSF Sdn. Bhd.   
• Director, Annexe Fair Sdn. Bhd.  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, BioAlpha Holdings Berhad (2015-2022) 
• Chairman, Dagang Nexchange Berhad (2013-2022) 
• Chairman, Hiap Teck Venture Berhad (2011-2022) 
• Director, Inno Bio Venture Sdn. Bhd.  (2014-2020) 
• Director, Parkson Holdings Berhad (2011-2019) 
• Director, Broadgate Engineering Sdn. Bhd.  (2012-2019) 
• Director, Naza TTDI Sdn. Bhd.  (2011-2016) 
• Secretary General of the Ministry of International  
Trade and Industry (“MITI”) (2006-2010) 
• Deputy Secretary General of the Ministry of International 
Trade and Industry (“MITI”) (2004-2006) 
• Senior Director, Policy and Industry Services Division, 
Ministry of International Trade and Industry (“MITI”)  
(2002-2004) 
• Director, Export Promotion Bureau Malaysia External Trade 
Development Corporation (Matrade) MITI (1998-2000) 
• Special Assistant to the Minister of International Trade and 
Industry, Hon Tan Sri Rafidah Aziz, Ministry of International 
Trade and Industry (“MITI”) (1996-1998) 
• Economic Counsellor/ Trade Commissioner & Deputy 
Permanent Representative to The United Nations Economic 
and Social Commission (Escap), Malaysian Trade Office 
Bangkok, Thailand (1991-1996) 
• Director of Trade, Malaysian Trade centre Taipei, Taiwan 
(1985-1991) 
• Deputy Trade Commissioner, Malaysian Trade Office New 
York, USA (1979-1985) 
NRC
TAN SRI ABDUL RAHMAN BIN MAMAT 
Date of Appointment: 5 December 2023 
Attendance in 2023 : All 2 Board Meetings held after his appointment date.
Nationality :    Malaysian Age : 72 Gender : Male
Independent Non-Executive Director
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 87

---- Page 90 ----
88
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NRCRMCAC Nomination and Remuneration CommitteeRisk Management CommitteeAudit Committee Chairman Member
ENCIK MOHAMAD ABDUL HALIM BIN AHMAD 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 2 March 2020 
Attendance in 2023: All 23 Board Meetings held in the financial year.
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Science of Civil Engineering (First Class 
Honour), Imperial College, University of London  
• Associate member, Institute of Chartered Accountants 
England and Wales (ICAEW) 
• Member, Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship 
 
Other listed entities:  
• Nil 
 
Other public companies:  
• Nil 
 
Present Appointment: 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Perbadanan Insurans Deposit Berhad (2012-2018) 
• Director, Sime Darby Utilities Sdn. Bhd.  (2011-2017) 
• Director, TMD Berhad (2004-2008) 
• Managing Director, Saujana Consolidated Berhad  
(1996-2017) 
• Managing Director, Saujana Resort (M) Berhad (1996-2014) 
• Director, Shangri-La Hotel (M) Berhad (1996-2005) 
• Managing Director, Landmarks Berhad (1996-2005) 
• Group Chief Executive, Peremba (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.   
(1994-2014) 
• Director, Rashid Hussain Berhad (1994-2003) 
• Director, Australian Hospital Care Limited (1994-2001) 
• General Manager of Finance, Landmarks Berhad  
(1988-1993) 
• Senior Manager of Finance, Amanah Merchant Bank Berhad 
(1987-1988) 
• Audit Senior, Arthur Andersen & Co (KL) (1986-1987) 
• Audit Trainee/Senior, Arthur Andersen & Co. (London)  
(1982-1985) 
 
RMC NRC
Nationality  :  Malaysian 
Age              :  63       
Gender        :  Male
Nationality  :  Malaysian 
Age              :  66       
Gender        :  Male
DR. LOH LEONG HUA
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 10 May 2021 
Attendance in 2023: All 23 Board Meetings held in the financial year.
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Ph.D in Management Studies, Universiti Kebangsaan 
Malaysia (UKM) 
• Advanced Management Program (AMP) Graduate, The 
Wharton School of University of Pennsylvania, USA 
• International Banking Summer School (IBSS) Programme, 
Sorrento, Italy 
• Fellow, Institute of Corporate Directors Malaysia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships  
 
Other listed entities:  
• WTK Holdings Berhad  
 
Other public companies:  
• Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad 
 
Present Appointment: 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Pacific & Orient Insurance Co. Berhad (2019-2024) 
• Chairman, Rating Committee, Malaysian Rating Corporation 
Berhad (2018-2022) 
• Director, MBSB Bank Berhad (2018-2021) 
• Director, Transnational Insurance Brokers (M) Sdn. Bhd.  
(2012-2019) 
• Director, Asian Finance Bank Berhad (2017-2018) 
• Director, WTK Holdings Berhad (2014-2018) 
• Member, Board Risk Committee, Sarawak Economic 
Development Corporation [SEDC] (2013-2017) 
• Director, YKGI Holdings Berhad (2015-2017) 
• Director, YFG Berhad (2012-2015) 
• Senior Director, Kenanga Investment Bank Berhad  
(2006-2011) 
• Senior Vice President, Affin Merchant Bank Berhad (2006) 
• Head, Commercial Banking, Eon Bank Berhad (2002-2005) 
• Head, Sarawak & Sabah Region, Eon Bank Berhad  
(1996-2002) 
 
 
 
RMCAC AC
PROFILE OF MBSB 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 88

---- Page 91 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
89
Nationality  :  Malaysian 
Age              :  61   
Gender        :  Female
DATUK (DR.) YASMIN BINTI MAHMOOD
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 5 December 2023 
Attendance in 2023: All 2 Board Meetings held after her appointment date.
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Degree of Honoris Causa, Doctor in Management, UNITAR 
(University Tun Abd Razak) International University 
• Bachelor of Science (Computer Science and Applied 
Mathematics), University of New South Wales, Sydney, 
Australia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships 
 
Other listed entities:  
• Citaglobal Berhad 
 
Other public companies:  
• Chairman, Skymind Holdings Berhad 
• Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad 
 
Present Appointments: 
 
• Managing Partner of FutureReady Consulting Sdn. Bhd.  
• Chairman, Malaysian Tourism Promotion Board 
• Director, Kintan  Bersama Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Prosignal Consortium Sdn. Bhd.  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Heriot-Watt University of Malaysia (2021-2024) 
• Director, UMW Holdings Berhad (2022-2024) 
• Director, Bintulu Port Holdings Berhad (2015-2023) 
• Chairman, POS Malaysia Berhad (2019-2021) 
• Chief Executive Officer, Malaysia Digital Economy 
Corporation (MDEC) (2014-2019) 
• Executive Director, YTL Communication Sdn. Bhd.   
(2010-2014) 
• Director, YTL e-Solutions Berhad (2010-2014) 
• Managing Director, Microsoft Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.   
(2006-2009) 
• Regional Manager, Malaysia, Thailand and Taiwan,  
Dell Asia Pacific (2005-2006) 
• General Manager, Dell Asia Pacific (1999-2005) 
• General Manager, HP Sales Malaysia (1995-1999) 
• General Manager, Dataprep Retail Sdn. Bhd.  (1993-1995) 
• Marketing Manager, HP Sales Malaysia (1988-1993) 
 
Declaration 
 
• Nominee of Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RMC
Declaration 
 
Save as disclosed, none of the Directors: 
• Has any family relationship with any director and major 
shareholders of MBSB.  
• Has any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, 
including any interest in any competing business with 
MBSB Group. 
• Has been convicted for any offences within the past 5 years 
or has been imposed of any public sanction or penalty by 
the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023. 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 89

---- Page 92 ----
Standing from left to right:
Seated (from left to right): 
Azizi bin Mustafa  
Chief Executive Officer, MIDF 
Rafe Haneef  
Group Chief Executive Officer, MBSB 
Datuk Nor Azam bin M. Taib 
Chief Executive Officer, MBSB Bank 
Che Nazari bin Che Azid  
Head of Group Commercial  
Datuk Joseph Dominic Silva 
Chief Executive Officer,  
MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad
Ahamed Usman Thahir Ghouse 
Head of Group Consumer 
90
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB  
GROUP MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 90

---- Page 93 ----
Mohd Farid Shah bin 
Mohd Basir   
Group Chief People Officer
Aniza binti Zakaria 
Group Chief Internal Auditor 
Koh Ai Hoon  
Group Legal and  
Company Secretarial  
YM Tengku Khalizul 
bin Tengku Khalid  
Group Chief Compliance 
Officer
Laurence Ong  
Wooi Keat  
Group Chief Risk Officer
Jesleigh bin Johari  
Group Chief Operating Officer
Ramanathan Rajoo  
Group Chief Financial Officer 
Dato’ Azlan bin Shahrim  
Group Chief Strategy Officer
Section 04Our Leadership
91
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 91

---- Page 94 ----
92
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PROFILE OF MBSB  
GROUP MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 54 / Male 
ENCIK RAFE HANEEF
Group Chief Executive Officer, MBSB 
Date of Appointment: 1 July 2023
Academic/Professional Qualification  
• Chartered Islamic Finance Professional (ACIFP),  
Chartered Institute of Islamic Finance Professionals 
• Securities Representative License, Securities and  
Futures Authority (SFA), United Kingdom 
• New York Bar, Qualified, New York Bar,  
United States of America 
• Malaysian Bar, Admitted, Bar Council , Malaysia 
• Master of Laws (LL.M), Harvard Law School,  
United States of America 
• Bachelor of Laws (Hons) LL.B., International Islamic 
University, Malaysia  
Working Experience and Occupation  
Present Directorship  
Other listed entities:   
• Nil  
Other public companies:   
• Non-Independent Executive Director, MIDF Amanah 
Investment Bank Berhad  
Present Appointment  
• Nil   
Past Directorship and/or Appointment  
• Executive Director, MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad  
• Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Group Transaction Banking 
(2019-2023) 
• Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Foundation (2019-2023) 
• Group Chief Sustainability Officer, CIMB Group (2019-2021) 
• Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, CIMB Islamic 
Bank Berhad (2016-2019) 
• Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director/ Managing 
Director, Global Market, Asia Pacific, HSBC Amanah Bank 
Berhad (2010-2015) 
• Managing Director, Investments, Fajr Capital Ltd  
(2008-2010) 
• Regional Head, Asia-Pacific, CitiBank Berhad (2006-2007) 
• Global Head, Global Islamic Finance, ABNAMRO Bank Ltd 
(2004-2006) 
• Associate Director, Global Markets, HSBC Financial Service 
ME Ltd (2001-2004) 
• Head of Shariah Department and Transaction Management, 
Structured Finance, HSBC Investment Bank plc (1999-2001) 
• Associate & Solicitor, Messrs. Mohd Ismail & Co (1994-1999) 
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 57 / Male 
DATUK NOR AZAM BIN M. TAIB
Chief Executive Officer, MBSB Bank
Date of Appointment: 1 July 2022
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Certified Qualification in Islamic Finance, Islamic Banking 
and Finance Institute Malaysia (CQIF)  
• Intermediate Qualification in Islamic Finance, Islamic 
Banking and Finance Institute Malaysia (IQIF)  
• Associate Qualification in Islamic Finance, Islamic Banking 
and Finance Institute Malaysia (AQIF)  
• Master of Business Administration, Charles Sturt University, 
Australia  
• Bachelor of Science in Accounting, University of Wyoming, 
United States  
• American Associate Degree, Indiana University, 
Bloomington, United States 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Acting Chief Executive Officer, MBSB Group (2021-2022) 
• Deputy Chief Executive Officer, MBSB Group (2020-2021) 
• Chief Business Officer, MBSB Bank Berhad (2018-2020) 
• Senior Vice President, Corporate Business, MBSB 
 (2010-2018) 
• Chief Financial Officer, BenchMark Marine Sdn. Bhd.   
(2009-2010) 
• General Manager, Head of Business Banking,  
Bank Islam (M) Berhad (2005-2009) 
• Vice President, Product Development & Process,  
OCBC Bank Berhad (2005-2005) 
• Southern Regional Manager, Emerging Local Corp,  
Citibank Berhad (2000-2005) 
• Various roles as manager with responsibility within property, 
loans and internal audit functions, Arab Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. , 
BBMB Kewangan Berhad, Hong Leong Bank Berhad  
(1991-2000)
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 92

---- Page 95 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
93
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 57 / Male 
ENCIK AZIZI BIN MUSTAFA
Chief Executive Officer, MIDF  
Date of Appointment: 18 September 2006
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering, Seattle 
University, Washington State, United States of America 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• MIDF Amanah Capital Berhad 
• MIDF DFI Bhd. 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chief Business Officer, Development Finance Business 
(2023) 
• Senior Vice President/Head of Development Finance 
Business, MIDF Berhad (2021-2023) 
• Head of Development Finance Division, MIDF Berhad  
(2016-2021) 
• Chief Operating Officer, Group Corporate Services Division, 
MIDF Berhad (2006-2016) 
• Director of Human Resources & Administration, Kuwait 
Finance House (2004-2006) 
• Vice President of Corporate Services, Malaysia National 
Insurance Berhad (2001-2004) 
• Vice President/Head of Human Resources, Global Corporate 
& Consumer Bank - Citibank Berhad (1996-2001) 
• Quality Assurance and Engineering Manager, Komag USA, 
Sarawak (1995-1996) 
• Quality Systems Section Manager, Advanced Micro Devices 
Penang (1989-1995) 
 
 
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 59  / Male 
DATUK JOSEPH DOMINIC SILVA
Chief Executive Officer, MIDF Amanah Investment Bank 
Date of Appointment: 1 July 2019
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Master in Research (Business), University of Liverpool, 
United Kingdom 
• Senior Management Program (Management),  
Henley Management College (University of Reading),  
United Kingdom 
• Master of Arts (Banking & Finance), University of Wales, 
United Kingdom 
• Global Banking Leaders Program, Asian School of Banking & 
City University London  
Working Experience and Occupation  
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Scicom (MSC) Berhad 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
Executive Positions 
• Deputy Chief Executive Officer, MIDF Amanah Investment 
Bank Berhad (2019) 
• Co-Founder/Director, DMY Capital (2017-2018) 
• Head of Investments, Khazanah Nasional Berhad  
(Sovereign Investment Fund-Malaysia) (2008-2017) 
• Various senior international and local Executive positions in 
Banking between 1990-2007  
Non-Executive Director positions  
• Board Member, Astro Holdings Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia)  
(2011-2016) 
• Board Member, Avicennia Capital Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia) 
(2015-2019) 
• Board Member, CIMB Bank Berhad (Malaysia)  
(2010 -2014) 
• Board Member, CIMB Group Holdings Berhad (Malaysia) 
(2014-2017) 
• Board Member, Infrastructure Development Finance Co 
Limited (India) (2011-2015) 
• Board of Commissioners Member, PT Bank CIMB Niaga, 
(Indonesia) (2010-2014) 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 93

---- Page 96 ----
94
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PROFILE OF MBSB  
GROUP MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Sri Lankan / 35 / Male 
ENCIK AHAMED USMAN THAHIR GHOUSE
Head of Group Consumer 
Date of Appointment: 1 February 2024
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Chartered Islamic Finance Professional (ACIFP), Chartered 
Institute of Islamic Finance Professionals 
• Completion of the Omega Credit certification  
• Bachelor of Business Commerce (double Major in 
Management and Marketing), Monash University 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Board Director: CIMB Islamic Trustee Bhd (2022-2023) 
• Country Head of Cash Management, CIMB Malaysia  
(2022-2023) 
• Regional Head of Transaction Banking, CIMB Islamic Bank 
(2020-2023) 
• Director, Commercial and Transaction Banking, CIMB Islamic 
Bank (2019-2020) 
• Head, Business Management, Commercial Banking,  
HSBC Amanah Malaysia (2018-2019) 
• Head of Product, Retail and Wealth Management, 
 HSBC Amanah Malaysia (2014-2018) 
• Product Manager, Retail and Wealth Management,  
HSBC Amanah Malaysia (2012-2014) 
• Analyst, Retail and Wealth Management, HSBC Amanah 
Malaysia (2011-2012) 
 
 
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 49 / Male 
CHE NAZARI BIN CHE AZID
Head of Group Commercial  
Date of Appointment: 9 May 2022
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Certified Credit Professional (CCP) 
• Master of Business Administration (MBA), Cardiff 
Metropolitan University, Cardiff, Wales 
• Bachelor of Accountancy, University Technology MARA, 
Malaysia 
• Diploma in Accountancy, University Technology MARA, 
Malaysia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Deputy Chief Business Officer, Business Banking Division, 
Bank Pertanian Malaysia Berhad (Agrobank) (2014-2022) 
• Senior Manager, Business Banking Division, Ambank 
Malaysia Berhad (2008-2014) 
• Group Head, Business Centre KL3, CIMB Bank Berhad 
(1997-2008) 
• Credit Officer, Public Bank Berhad (1995-1997)  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 94

---- Page 97 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
95
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 61 / Male 
ENCIK RAMANATHAN RAJOO
Group Chief Financial Officer
Date of Appointment: 2 February 2021
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor degree of Accounting (Hons) - UKM  
• Master in Business Administration - UPM  
• FCPA Australia  
• Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) 
• Certified Credit Professional (AICB) 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Group Chief Financial Officer, Affin Bank Berhad  
(2014-Mar 2020)      
• Head of Finance, Affin Bank Berhad (2004-2014)             
• Head of Management Reporting, Affin Bank Berhad  
(2001-2004) 
• Deputy Finance Manager, BSN Commercial Bank  
(1991-2000) 
• Senior Auditor, Coopers & Lybrand (now known as PWC) 
(1988-1991)                  
 
 
 
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 41 / Male 
ENCIK JESLEIGH BIN JOHARI
Group Chief Operating Officer  
Date of Appointment: 1 Jan 2022
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Economics majoring in Economic Policy, 
University of Tasmania Australia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
• Director, MBSB Tower Sdn. Bhd. 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Head of Client Delivery, Corporate Commercial and 
Institution Banking, Standard Charted Bank Malaysia Berhad 
(2018-2021) 
• Director, Head of Process Governance, Commercial 
Banking, Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad  
(2014-2018) 
• Associate Director, Head of SME Operations, Standard 
Charted Bank Malaysia Berhad (2012-2014) 
• Business Planning Manager/ Team Manager, Financial 
Market Operations and Wholesale Banking Operations, 
Standard Chartered Global Business Services (2009-2012) 
• Unit Manager, Trade Operations, Standard Chartered Global 
Business Services (2009) 
• International Graduate Program (Group Technology and 
Operations), Standard Chartered Singapore and Standard 
Chartered Global Business Services Kuala Lumpur  
(2006 -2009) 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 95

---- Page 98 ----
96
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PROFILE OF MBSB  
GROUP MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 54 / Male 
DATO’ AZLAN BIN SHAHRIM
Group Chief Strategy Officer 
Date of Appointment: 1 May 2021
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Advanced Management Program, Wharton School, 
University of Pennsylvania, United States of America 
• Master of Laws, LL.M, International Business Law, University 
of Exeter, United Kingdom 
• Called to the Bar of England & Wales, Gray’s Inn, United 
Kingdom 
• Bachelor of Laws, LLB. (Hons), University of Kent, United 
Kingdom 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Director, MIDF Amanah Asset Management Berhad 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Group Director, Group Managing Director’s Office,  
DRB-HICOM Berhad (2019-2020) 
• Group Chief Operating Officer, POS Malaysia Berhad  
(2015-2019) 
• Group Director, Corporate Strategy & Transformation,  
DRB-HICOM Berhad (2014-2015) 
• Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Pelabuhan Tanjung Pelepas 
Sdn. Bhd. (2009-2014) 
 
 
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 54 / Male 
ENCIK MOHD FARID SHAH BIN MOHD BASIR
Group Chief People Officer  
Date of Appointment: 19 April 2021
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor in Business Studies (Human Resource 
Management) 
• Human Resource Management Professional -  
Human Resource Certification Institute (IHRCI) 
• Global Human Resource Professional -  
Human Resource Certification Institute (HRCI) 
• Global Remuneration Professional - World at Work 
• Senior Certificed Professional - Society For Human 
Resource Management (SHRM) 
• Oxford Executive Leadership Programme (University Oxford) 
• Bologna Business School, Agile Bank HR, Leaders in a 
Digital Age, Bologna 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• MEF Academy Sdn. Bhd. 
• Talent Corporation Malaysia Berhad 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• CEO & Founder, Potenxia, Kuala Lumpur (2021-April 2021) 
• Chief Human Capital Officer, Telekom Malaysia (2018-2020)  
• Chief Human Capital Officer, Bank Rakyat (2016-2018) 
• HR Manager, Nestle Malaysia (2014-2015)     
• Leadership & Development Manager, Nestle South Africa  
(2012-2014)   
• HR Business Partner, Nestle Philippines (2009-2012)     
• Group HR Manager, Nestle Malaysia/Singapore  
(2004-2009)       
• Principal Consultant, Reid Group (2003-2004)         
• Manager, Performance & Rewards Management, MNI 
Berhad (2001-2003)  
• Manager, Human Resource, Telekom Malaysia Berhad  
(1994-2001)   
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 96

---- Page 99 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
97
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 50 / Male 
TENGKU KHALIZUL BIN TENGKU KHALID
Group Chief Compliance Officer  
Date of Appointment: 7 February 2018
Academic/Professional Qualification(s) 
 
• Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (Finance), 
Northern Arizona University, United States of America 
• Certificate in Internal Auditing for Financial Institutions 
(CIAFIN), Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers (AICB) 
• Certificate in Regulatory Compliance, Asian Institute of 
Chartered Bankers (AICB) 
• Associate Qualification in Islamic Finance (AQIF), Islamic 
Banking and Finance Institute Malaysia (AQIF) 
• Certificate in Shariah Audit, University Sains Islam Malaysia 
• Chartered Professional in Islamic Finance, Chartered 
Institute of Islamic Finance Professionals (CPIF) 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Head of Compliance, MBSB (2017) 
• Deputy Head of Compliance, MBSB (2014-2016) 
• Internal Audit Manager, Kuwait Finance House Malaysia 
Berhad (20011-2013) 
• Control Assurance Manager, Kuwait Finance House Malaysia 
Berhad (2008-2010) 
• Assistant Manager, Internal Audit Division, Public Bank 
Berhad (2006-2007) 
• Team Lead, Internal Audit Division, Public Bank Berhad 
(2000-2005)  
• Senior Officer, Internal Audit Division, Public Finance Berhad 
(1997-1999) 
 
 
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 53 / Male 
ENCIK LAURENCE ONG WOOI KEAT
Group Chief Risk Officer
Date of Appointment: 15 March 2022
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Chartered Accountant, Malaysia 
• Chartered Banker, United Kingdom 
• Professional Member of Institute of Operational Risk, United 
Kingdom 
• Bachelor of Accounting, University of Malaya 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Member of AICB Industry Curriculum and Examination 
Committee (ICEC) 
• Member of AICB Chief Risk Officers’ Forum 
• Member of the BNM-SC Joint Committee on Climate 
Change (JC3) Sub-Committee 1 (SC1) : Risk Management 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Member of Risk Committee, Malaysian Investment Bank 
Association (MIBA) 
• Member of Fraud Risk Committee, Association of Banks in 
Malaysia (ABM) 
• Country Risk Officer/Head, Risk Management, RHB Bank 
Singapore (2019-2022) 
• Senior Vice President, Head, IGNITE Risk Initiative Lead / 
Head, Group Operational and Technology Risk, RHB Bank 
Berhad (2014-2019) 
• General Manager / Head, Group Operational Risk, AmBank 
(M) Berhad (2003-2014) 
• Vice President, Affin Merchant Bank (2002-2003) 
• Manager, Financial Review & Surveillance Division (FRS), 
Bursa Malaysia Berhad (1999-2002) 
• Senior Executive, Bank Regulation Department, Bank 
Negara Malaysia (1995-1999) 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 97

---- Page 100 ----
98
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PROFILE OF MBSB  
GROUP MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 50 / Female 
CIK ANIZA BINTI ZAKARIA
Group Chief Internal Auditor   
Date of Appointment: 1 January 2017
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Chartered Banker, Asian Institute of Chartered Banker 
• Masters in Islamic Finance Practice, INCEIF - The Global 
University of Islamic Finance 
• Certification for Bank Auditors - Asian Institute of Chartered 
Bankers 
• Professional Certificate in Islamic Banking, INCEIF -  
The Global University of Islamic Finance 
• Certificate in Internal Auditing for Financial Institutions - 
Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers 
• Shariah Audit Certificate - Universiti Sains Islam Malaysia 
(USIM) 
• Bachelor in Science in Finance & Management, University of 
Oregon, USA 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Deputy Vice President/Head Internal Auditor, MBSB  
(2017-2018) 
• Acting Head of Internal Auditor, Internal Audit, MBSB  
(2016-2017) 
• Assistant Vice President, Internal Audit, MBSB (2014-2016) 
• Senior Manager Internal Audit, Kuwait Finance House (M) 
Berhad (2010-2014) 
• Senior Executive, Corporate Banking Department Maybank 
Investment Bank Berhad (2004-2010) 
• Manager, Team Head, Credit Risk Management, Maybank 
Investment Bank Berhad (2002-2004) 
• Management Trainee, Eon Bank Berhad (2004-2010) 
• Assistant Manager, Credit Department, EON Bank Berhad 
(1997-1998) 
• Senior Officer, Internal Audit, EON Bank Berhad  
(1997-1997) 
 
Nationality / Age / Gender 
Malaysian / 55 / Female 
CIK KOH AI HOON
Group Legal and Company Secretarial 
Date of Appointment: 2 May 2008
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Institute of Chartered Secretaries & Administrators  
• Bachelor of Laws (Hons) LL.B., University of London 
• Associate Qualification in Islamic Finance from Islamic 
Banking and Finance Institute Malaysia (AQIF) 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Head, Legal & Secretarial, Dataprep Holdings Berhad  
(2003-2008)  
• Company Secretary, The KAB Group Berhad (2000-2003)  
• Assistant Company Secretary, Sungei Way Management 
Sdn. Bhd.  (nka Sunway Management Sdn. Bhd.   
(1996-1999)  
• Assistant Company Secretary, Prima Prai Sdn. Bhd.   
(1995-1996)  
• Hew & Tan, Public Accountants (nka Mazars PLT)  
(1991-1995)  
 
 
Declaration 
 
Save as disclosed, none of the Senior Management: 
• Has any family relationship with any director and major 
shareholders of MBSB.  
• Has any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, 
including any interest in any competing business with 
MBSB Group. 
• Has been convicted for any offences within the past 5 years 
or has been imposed of any public sanction or penalty by 
the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023. 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 98

---- Page 101 ----
Each one of us, 
regardless of our roles, 
plays an integral part in 
shaping the collective 
success of the Group.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 99

---- Page 102 ----
100
PROFILE OF MBSB BANK 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DATO’ WAN KAMARUZAMAN BIN 
WAN AHMAD
Chairman/ Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment:  
 24 January 2024
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Chartered Banker, Asian Institute of Chartered Banker 
• Bachelor of Economics (Analytical Economics), Hons, 
University Malaya 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Malaysia Building Society Berhad 
• Director, Malaysian Resources Corporation Berhad 
• Director, Bermaz Auto Berhad 
• Chairman, Iris Capital Partners Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Mudarabah Innovation Fund Investments Ltd 
• Director, Global LNG Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Lembaga Penduduk dan Pembangunan Keluarga 
Negara 
• Chairman, Investment Advisory Panel, Securities 
Commission. 
• Member, Investment Panel, Employees Provident Fund 
Board 
• Commission Member, Malaysian Aviation Commission  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Bank of America Malaysia Berhad (2022-2023) 
• Director, Damansara REIT Managers Sdn. Bhd.  (2020-2023) 
• Director, Bond/Sukuk Information Platform Sdn. Bhd.   
(BIX Malaysia) (2017-2023) 
• Board Member, Minority Shareholder Watch Group  
(2016-2022) 
• Director, Malaysia Convention & Exhibition Bureau  
(2020 -2022) 
• Director, RHL Ventures Advisory Sdn. Bhd.  (2019-2020) 
• Director, Nomura Islamic Asset Management Sdn. Bhd.  
(2019-2020) 
• Director, Pacific Trustee Sdn. Bhd.  (2019 - 2020) 
• Advisory Committee Member, Financial Times Stock 
Exchange (FTSE) Russel, London (2015-2019) 
• Chairman, Institutional Investors Council Malaysia  
(2015-2018) 
• Chief Executive Officer, Kumpulan Wang Persaraan 
(Diperbadankan) (“KWAP”) (2013-2018) 
• Director, Malakoff Corporation Berhad (2013-2018) 
• Director, Prima Ekuiti (UK) Limited (2013-2018) 
• Director, UMW Corporation Berhad (2011-2013) 
• General Manager, Treasury Department,  Employees 
Provident Fund (2007-2013) 
• Finance Director, Izoma Sdn. Bhd.  (2006-2007) 
• Director, Permodalan BSN (2006-2007) 
• Finance Director, Kemuncak Facilities Management Sdn. 
Bhd.  (2005-2006) 
• Chief Executive Officer and Director with several companies 
within the Affin Group (1994-2005) 
• Various roles in Treasury Department at Malayan Banking 
Berhad (1981-1994)  
 
 
Declaration 
 
• Nominee of Employees Provident Fund Board (EPF) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nationality :    Malaysian Age : 64 Gender : Male
Board Audit Committee Board Information Technology Oversight Committee Board Nominating and Remuneration Committee BNRCBITCBAC
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 100

---- Page 103 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
101
Chairman Member
BICCBICC BNRC BAC
ENCIK SAZALIZA BIN 
ZAINUDDIN
Non-Independent  
Executive Director*
Date of Appointment:  
3 May 2021
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  51    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, UK (ACCA) 
• BA Hons in Accounting & Finance, Southbank University, 
United Kingdom  
• Diploma in Accountancy, UITM 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Malaysia Building Society Berhad 
• Chief Operating Officer, Employees Provident Fund 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chief Financial Officer, Employees Provident Fund  
(2017-2021) 
• Director, MBSB Bank Berhad (2018-2021) 
• Director, Malaysia Building Society  Berhad (2017-2018)  
• Director, HSBC Amanah Takaful (Malaysia) Berhad  
(2013-2017)  
• Senior Manager (Assurance), PricewaterhouseCoopers 
(1997-2006) 
 
Declaration 
 
• Nominee of Employees Provident Fund Board (EPF). 
 
DATUK JOHAR BIN 
CHE MAT  
Senior Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment:  
19 December 2017
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  71     
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Economics, University of Malaya  
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, MNRB Holdings Berhad  
• Chairman, Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad 
• Chairman, Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad 
• Chairman, Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad 
• Chairman, Edelteq Holdings Berhad  
• Chairman, Malaysian Re (Dubai) Ltd 
• Director, Dagang NeXchange Berhad 
• Director, Motordata Research Consortium Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Ping Petroleum Ltd  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Rural Capital Berhad (2014-2021) 
• Director, Malaysia Building Society Berhad (2017-2018)  
• Director, Bank Pertanian Malaysia Berhad (Agro Bank)  
(2010-2016) 
• Director, Amanah Raya Group (2010-2016) 
• Director, Aseambankers (2000-2002) 
• Director, Etiqa Insurance (2004-2010) 
• Director, Maybank Trustee Berhad (2007 -2010) 
• Director, Maybank Islamic Berhad (2006-2010) 
• Various Senior positions in Maybank Group (1976-2010) 
• Board Member of Proton of Holdings Berhad  
• Board Member of Proton UK  
 
 
* Note:   
Encik Sazaliza bin Zainuddin does not hold any executive position in MBSB Bank 
and does not have any management responsibilities in MBSB Bank. His designation 
as Non-Independent Executive Director of MBSB Bank is pursuant to the definition 
of “Executive Director” in BNM’s Guidelines on Corporate Governance, which 
defines “Executive Director” as a director of a financial institution who has 
management responsibilities in the financial institution or any of its affiliates. EPF is 
an affiliate of MBSB Bank, and Encik Sazaliza bin Zainuddin has management 
responsibilities in EPF .  
Board Investment and Credit CommitteeBRMCC BICCBoard Risk Management and Compliance Committee
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 101

---- Page 104 ----
102
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BITC BRMCC
DATUK 
AZRULNIZAM BIN 
ABDUL AZIZ 
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
ENCIK 
KAMARULZAMAN 
BIN AHMAD 
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment:  
1 March 2017 
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  54    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Chartered Professional in Islamic Finance 
• Executive Education - Driving Digital Strategy, Harvard 
Business School, USA  
• Leadership Programme, Oxford University, UK 
• MBA, International Business, University of Hartford, 
Connecticut, USA 
• BBA Marketing, Wichita State University, USA 
• Diploma in Business Studies, UiTM Malaysia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Perbadanan PR1MA Malaysia  
• Independent Director, Thriven Global Berhad  
• Independent Director, AmMetlife Takaful Berhad 
• Executive Director, CR FinaCapital Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Petrowangsa Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Goldina International Sdn. Bhd.   
• Director, Fuze Development Sdn. Bhd.   
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Pelaburan MARA Berhad (2020-2021) 
• Director, Dagong PMB Holdings Berhad (2018-2019) 
• Group Strategic Financial Advisor, Syarikat Perumahan 
Negara Berhad (SPNB) (2018-2019) 
• Director, Bintai KA Development Sdn. Bhd.  (2017-2019) 
• Executive Director, OCR Group Berhad (2016-2018) 
• Chief Executive Officer, Al Rajhi Banking & Investment 
Corporation Malaysia Berhad (2012-2014) 
• Chief Executive Officer, Standard Chartered Sa’adiq Berhad 
(2008-2011)  
• Director & Head of Islamic Banking Division, Standard 
Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad (2005-2008) 
• Vice President, Citibank Malaysia Berhad (1996-2005) 
Date of Appointment:  
1 October 2019
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  49     
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• British A-Levels, New College Cardiff, United Kingdom 
• BEng (Hons) Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Imperial 
College of Science & Technology, London, United Kingdom 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Head of Strategy, Gentari Renewables Sdn. Bhd.  (100% 
owned subsidiary of PETRONAS) 
• Managing Director, LCTAsia Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Qapital Berhad 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Head of Corporate Ventures, Tenaga Nasional Berhad  
(2020-2022) 
• Head, Strategy, AirAsia Digital (2018-2020) 
• Managing Director of a Military Cybersecurity Company 
(2014-2017) 
• Managing Director, Endeavor Malaysia (2013-2014) 
• CEO, CaterhamJet Malaysia (2013) 
• Director, Asian Aviation Centre of Excellence (2011-2013) 
• Regional Head of Customer Experience, AirAsia  
(2011-2013) 
• Regional Head of Strategy and Planning, AirAsia  
(2010-2011) 
• Various senior positions in PETRONAS Group (2006-2010) 
• Formula 1 Electronics Engineer (2000-2005) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BICC BITC BNRC
PROFILE OF MBSB BANK 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Board Audit Committee Board Information Technology Oversight Committee Board Nominating and Remuneration Committee BNRCBITCBAC
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 102

---- Page 105 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
103
ENCIK ARUL SOTHY 
MYLVAGANAM
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment:  
5 May 2020
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  67    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Fellow, Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, UK 
(ACCA) 
• Fellow, Certified Public Accountants, Australia (CPA) 
• Member, Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) 
• Certified Financial Planner 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad 
• Director, Agensi Pekerjaan Hays (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.    
• Director, APJV Holdings Sdn. Bhd.  
• Principal, Myles Advisory 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Hays Specialist Recruitment Sdn. Bhd.   
(2012-2020) 
• Director, MNRB Holdings Berhad (2017-2019) 
• Director, Malaysia National Reinsurance Berhad  
(2016-2019) 
• Group Chief Operating Officer, PNB Commercial Sdn. Bhd.  
(2009-2011) 
• General Manager/ CFO, Syarikat Perumahan Pegawai 
Kerajaan Sdn. Bhd.  (1995-2009) 
• Senior Manager - Audit, Ernst & Young Kuala Lumpur  
(1987-1994) 
• Accountant, North American Travel, London, UK  
(1986-1987) 
• Simmons Cohen Fine & Partners, Chartered Accountants, 
London, UK (1978-1985) 
 
 
 
 
BRMCCBAC BRMCC BAC BITC BNRC
Chairman Member
ENCIK HO KWONG 
HOONG 
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment:  
1 July 2021
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  65    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Chartered Banker of Asian Institute of Chartered Bankers 
(AICB) 
• Malaysia Futures and Options Registered Representative 
Certificate, Malaysia Monetary Exchange Bhd 
• MBA (Finance) with Distinction, The University of Hull 
• B. Sc (Hons) Actuarial Science, The City University 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Director, RHB Excel Sdn. Bhd.  (Under Voluntary Winding 
Up) 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Non-Independent Non-Executive Director, RHB Bank 
(Labuan) LTD (2016-2020) 
• Independent Non-Executive Director & Chairman of Audit 
Committee, Financial Park (Labuan) Sdn. Bhd.  (2016-2020) 
• Group Chief Risk Officer, RHB Banking Group (2010-2020) 
• Head, Central Operations, Senior Vice President, RHB 
Banking Group (2007-2009) 
• Chief Operating Officer, RHB Investment Bank Berhad  
(July 2007-October 2007) 
• Head, Group Risk Management, RHB Sakura Merchant 
Bankers Berhad (1998-June 2007) 
• General Manager, Treasury Department, RHB Sakura 
Merchant Bankers Berhad (1984-1998) 
• Officer, United Asian Bank Berhad (1983-1984)
Board Investment and Credit CommitteeBRMCC BICCBoard Risk Management and Compliance Committee
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 103

---- Page 106 ----
104
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
TAN SRI ABDUL RAHMAN  
BIN MAMAT
Chairman/ Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 1 January 2016 
Date of Appointment as Chairman of the Board: 1 July 2016
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Economics (Honours), University of Malaya 
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business 
School, United States of America 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Malaysia Building Society Berhad 
• Chairman, MCE Holdings Berhad 
• Chairman, Lotte Chemical Titan Holding Berhad 
• Chairman, ECA Integrated Solutions Berhad 
• Chairman, River of Life Hospital & Healthcare Sdn. Bhd.  
• Chairman, Prisma Galeri Sdn. Bhd.  
• Chairman, Asia Logistics Council Sdn. Bhd.  
• Chairman, Eastern Steel Sdn. Bhd.   
• Chairman, Oceanmight Sdn. Bhd.   
• Chairman, Malaysian Technology Development  
Corporation Sdn. Bhd.   
• Director, MTDC BGF Sdn. Bhd.   
• Director, MTDC BSF Sdn. Bhd.   
• Director, Annexe Fair Sdn. Bhd.  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, BioAlpha Holdings Berhad (2015-2022) 
• Chairman, Dagang Nexchange Berhad (2013-2022) 
• Chairman, Hiap Teck Venture Berhad (2011-2022) 
• Director, Inno Bio Venture Sdn. Bhd.  (2014-2020) 
• Director, Parkson Holdings Berhad (2011-2019) 
• Director, Broadgate Engineering Sdn. Bhd.  (2012 -2019) 
• Director, Naza TTDI Sdn. Bhd.  (2011-2016) 
• Secretary General of the Ministry of International Trade and 
Industry (“MITI”) (2006-2010) 
• Deputy Secretary General of the Ministry of International 
Trade and Industry (“MITI”) (2004-2006) 
• Senior Director, Policy and Industry Services Division 
Ministry of International Trade and Industry (“MITI”)  
(2002-2004) 
• Director, Export Promotion Bureau Malaysia External Trade 
Development Corporation (Matrade) MITI (1998 -2000) 
• Special Assistant to the Minister of International Trade and 
Industry, Hon Tan Sri Rafidah Aziz, Ministry of International 
Trade and Industry (“MITI”) (1996-1998) 
• Economic Counsellor/ Trade Commissioner & Deputy 
Permanent Representative to The United Nations Economic 
and Social Commission (Escap), Malaysian Trade Office 
Bangkok, Thailand (1991-1996) 
• Director of Trade, Malaysian Trade centre Taipei, Taiwan  
(1985-1991) 
• Deputy Trade Commissioner, Malaysian Trade Office New 
York, USA (1979-1985) 
PROFILE OF MIDF  
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
ACC Audit Compliance Committee Nomination and Remuneration Committee RMC Risk Management CommitteeNRC
Nationality :    Malaysian Age : 72 Gender : Male
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 104

---- Page 107 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
105
DATUK MOHD NASIR 
BIN ALI
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
DR LOH LEONG HUA
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Economics (Honours), University of Malaya 
• Master of Science Degree in Financial Studies, University of 
Strathclyde, United Kingdom 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad  
• Director, EA Technique Berhad 
• Director, Goodyear Malaysia Berhad  
• Director, Badan Pengawas Pemegang Saham Minoriti 
Berhad  
• Director, Damansara Assets Sdn. Bhd.   
• Director, Johor Shipyard and Engineering Sdn. Bhd.   
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Amanah Raya Berhad (2018-2020)  
• Director, Damansara Holdings Berhad (2022-2023) 
• Director, iCAPITAL. Biz Berhad (2021-2024) 
• Director, Gold Li Development Sdn. Bhd.  (2019-2022) 
• Director, Gold Li Berhad (January 2022-December 2022) 
• Director, Value Partners Asset Management (M) Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Amanah International Finance Sdn. Bhd.   
(2017-2022) 
• Director, International Commercial Bank (Tanzania) Ltd 
(2021-2022) 
•  Director, ICB Islamic Bank Ltd, Dhaka (2014-2022) 
• Group Executive Director, Utusan Melayu (M) Berhad 
(2000-2014) 
• Chief Executive Officer, Kuala Lumpur City Securities  
Sdn. Bhd.  (1995-2000) 
• General Manager of Dealing & Research Department, 
Maybank Securities Sdn. Bhd.  (1991-1995) 
• Investment Manager, BBMB Unit Trust Management  
Sdn. Bhd.  (1988-1991) 
• Senior Financial & Marketing Analyst, Permodalan Nasional 
Berhad/Amanah Saham Nasional Berhad (1982-1988) 
Date of Appointment:  
31 October 2023
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  67    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Ph.D in Management Studies, Universiti Kebangsaan 
Malaysia 
• Advanced Management Program Graduate,  
The Wharton School of University of Pennsylvania, USA 
• International Banking Summer School, Italy 
• BSc Business Administration, Pacific Western University 
• Fellow, Institute of Corporate Directors Malaysia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Malaysia Building Society Berhad 
• Director, WTK Holdings Berhad  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Pacific & Orient Insurance Co. Berhad (2019-2024) 
• Chairman, Rating Committee, Malaysian Rating Corporation 
Berhad (2018-2022) 
• Director, MBSB Bank Berhad (2018-2021) 
• Director, Transnational Insurance Brokers (M) Sdn. Bhd.  
(2012-2019) 
• Director, Asian Finance Bank Berhad (2017-2018) 
• Director, WTK Holdings Berhad (2014-2018) 
• Member, Board Risk Committee, Sarawak Economic 
Development Corporation [SEDC] (2013-2017) 
• Director, YKGI Holdings Berhad (2015-2017) 
• Director, YFG Berhad (2012-2015) 
• Senior Director, Kenanga Investment Bank Berhad  
(2006 - 2011) 
Chairman Member
Date of Appointment:  
17 August 2022
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  66    
Gender        :  Male
BTC Board Technology Committee SHC Shariah Committee
NRC ACC RMC
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 105

---- Page 108 ----
106
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BTC NRC
ENCIK AHMAD LUTFI 
BIN ABDUL MUTALIP  
@ TALIB
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
DATUK (DR.) YASMIN 
BINTI MAHMOOD
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment:  
22 February 2016
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  53    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• LLB (Hons), International Islamic University Malaysia 
• Admitted to the Malaysian Bar  
• Professional qualification from the Institute of Chartered 
Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA)   
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, AAA Consulting Sdn. Bhd. 
•   Director, Impact Analytix Sdn. Bhd. 
•    Director, Prudenz Corporate House Sdn. Bhd. 
•    Director, Azmi Globalpte. Ltd 
•    Director, Elridge Energy Holdings Berhad 
•     Managing Partner/Head, Global Financial Services & Islamic 
Banking Messrs Azmi & Associates 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
•    Director, Bank Simpanan Nasional (2019- 2023) 
•    Director, Frontier Steps Sdn. Bhd. (2014-2017) 
•    Director, Australasia Capital (L) LTD (2013-2023) 
•    Director, Amanah International Finance Sdn. Bhd.  
(2017-2019) 
•    Partner, Messrs Hisham Sobri & Kadir (2000) 
1 January 2016  
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 
31 July 2016  
(Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  61    
Gender        :  Female
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Degree of Honoris Causa, Doctor in Management, UNITAR 
(University Tun Abd Razak) International University 
• Bachelor of Science (Computer Science and Applied 
Mathematics), University of New South Wales, Sydney, 
Australia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Malaysia Building Society Berhad 
• Chairman, Skymind Holdings Berhad 
• Chairman, Malaysian Tourism Promotion Board 
• Director, Citaglobal Berhad 
• Managing Partner of FutureReady Consulting Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Kintan Bersama Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Prosignal Consortium Sdn. Bhd.  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Heriot-Watt University of Malaysia (2021-2024) 
• Director, UMW Holdings Berhad (2022-2024) 
• Director, Bintulu Port Holdings Berhad (2015-2023) 
• Chairman, POS Malaysia Berhad (2019-2021) 
• Chief Executive Officer, Malaysia Digital  
Economy Corporation (MDEC) (2014-2019) 
• Executive Director, YTL Communication Sdn. Bhd.   
(2010-2014) 
• Director, YTL e-Solutions Berhad (2010-2014) 
• Managing Director, Microsoft Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.   
(2006-2009) 
• Regional Manager, Malaysia, Thailand and Taiwan,  
Dell Asia Pacific (2005-2006) 
• General Manager, Dell Asia Pacific (1999-2005) 
• General Manager, HP Sales Malaysia (1995-1999) 
• General Manager, Dataprep Retail Sdn. Bhd.  (1993-1995) 
• Marketing Manager, HP Sales Malaysia (1988-1993) 
 
Declaration 
 
• Nominee of Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB) 
RMC ACC BTC SHC
ACC Audit Compliance Committee Nomination and Remuneration Committee RMC Risk Management CommitteeNRC
PROFILE OF MIDF  
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 106

---- Page 109 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
107
Chairman Member
ACC NRC
DATO’ KAZIAH BINTI 
ABD KADIR
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
1 January 2016  
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 
31 July 2016  
(Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  74    
Gender        :  Female  
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Economics, University of 
Malaya 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad  
• Director, Panasonic Manufacturing Malaysia Berhad  
• Director, Sterling Insurance Brokers Sdn. Bhd.   
• Director, Akmah Tradings Sdn. Bhd.   
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Advisor, PricewaterhouseCoopers Taxation Services  
Sdn. Bhd.   
• Investor Relations Advisor, Investment Management 
Division, ECERDC (2009-2019) 
• Deputy Director General I, Malaysian Industrial Development 
Authority (2005-2008) 
• Deputy Director General II, Malaysian Industrial 
Development Authority (2003 -2004) 
• Director, Malaysian Industrial Development Authority  
(1996-2002) 
• Deputy Director, Malaysian Industrial Development Authority 
(1981-1995) 
• Economist, Malaysian Industrial Development Authority 
(1975-1980) 
• Assessment Officer, Inland Revenue Department  
(1974-1975)
BTC Board Technology Committee SHC Shariah Committee
RMC
CIK HASNAH BINTI 
OMAR
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
1 July 2015  
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 
20 June 2017  
(Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  66    
Gender        :  Female  
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• LL.M. (Master of Banking Law: Islamic and Conventional), 
International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM)  
(Best student Award) 
• A Paper on Securities Industry, Securities Institute Australia 
• MPA (Master in Public Administration) - Public Policy, 
Harvard University, USA (Mason Spirit Awar, HIID 
• Banking School II & III for Bank Examiners, Federal Reserve 
Banking System, USA (Top Student Awar for Bank School III) 
• Certificate of Completion in Auditing & Certificate of Data 
Processing, Mara Institute of Technology 
• BA (Hons) - Bachelor of Arts and Social Science 
(Geography), University of Malaya 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad  
• Chairman, Zurich Takaful Malaysia Berhad  
• Chairman, Zurich General Takaful Malaysia Berhad  
• Director, Bond Pricing Agency Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.   
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Zurich Life Insurance Berhad  
• Director, Crimson Sdn. Bhd.   
• Managing Director, HOM Crimson Sdn. Bhd.   
(Deregistered) (2013-2019)  
• Senior Financial Sector Specialist,  
Asian Development Bank (ADB), Manila,  
Philippines (2009-2011)  
• Director, Market Oversight Business Group,  
Securities Commission (1993-2013)  
• Manager, Bank Negara Malaysia (1981-1993)  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 107

---- Page 110 ----
108
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NRC ACC
DATUK MOHD NASIR 
BIN ALI
Chairman
DATO’ KAZIAH BINTI 
ABD KADIR
Senior Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  66    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Economics (Honours), University of Malaya 
• Master of Science Degree in Financial Studies,  
University of Strathclyde, UK 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad 
• Director, EA Technique Bhd 
• Director, Goodyear Malaysia Berhad 
• Director, Badan Pengawas Pemegang Saham Minoriti 
Berhad 
• Director, Damansara Assets Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Johor Shipyard and Engineering Sdn. Bhd. 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Amanah Raya Berhad (2018-2020)  
• Director, Damansara Holdings Berhad (2022-2023) 
• Director, iCAPITAL. Biz Berhad (2021-2024) 
• Director, Gold Li Development Sdn. Bhd.  (2019-2022) 
• Director, Gold Li Berhad ( January 2022-December 2022) 
• Director, Value Partners Asset Management (M) Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Amanah International Finance Sdn. Bhd.   
(2017-2022) 
• Director, International Commercial Bank (Tanzania) Ltd 
(2021-2022) 
•  Director, ICB Islamic Bank Ltd, Dhaka (2014-2022) 
• Group Executive Director, Utusan Melayu (M) Berhad 
(2000-2014) 
• Chief Executive Officer, Kuala Lumpur City Securities  
Sdn. Bhd.  (1995-2000) 
• General Manager of Dealing & Research Department, 
Maybank Securities Sdn. Bhd.  (1991-1995) 
• Investment Manager, BBMB Unit Trust Management  
Sdn. Bhd.  (1988-1991) 
• Senior Financial & Marketing Analyst, Permodalan Nasional 
Berhad/Amanah Saham Nasional Berhad (1982-1988)
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  74    
Gender        :  Female  
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Economics, University of 
Malaya 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad 
• Director, Panasonic Manufacturing Malaysia Berhad 
• Director, Sterling Insurance Brokers Sdn. Bhd.  
• Director, Akmah Tradings Sdn. Bhd.  
 
Past Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Advisor, PricewaterhouseCoopers Taxation Services  
Sdn. Bhd.   
• Investor Relations Advisor, Investment Management 
Division, ECERDC (2009-2019) 
• Deputy Director General I, Malaysian Industrial Development 
Authority (2005-2008) 
• Deputy Director General II, Malaysian Industrial 
Development Authority (2003 -2004) 
• Director, Malaysian Industrial Development Authority  
(1996-2002) 
• Deputy Director, Malaysian Industrial Development Authority 
(1981-1995) 
• Economist, Malaysian Industrial Development Authority 
(1975-1980) 
• Assessment Officer, Inland Revenue Department  
(1974-1975)
CCB RMC
Date of Appointment:  
17 August 2022
1 January 2016  
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 
31 July 2016  
(Independent Non-Executive Director) 
ACC Audit Compliance Committee Nomination and Remuneration CommitteeNRC Credit Committee of the BoardCCB
PROFILE OF MIDF AMANAH INVESTMENT BANK 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 108

---- Page 111 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
109
ENCIK AZLAN BIN 
ABDULLAH
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
ENCIK AHLAN NASRI 
BIN MOHD NASIR
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  65    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Trinity 
University, San Antonio, Texas, United States of America 
• Master’s Degree in Business Administration, Morehead State 
University, Kentucky, United States of America 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Executive Director, Langkawi Yacht City Berhad 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Group MD/CEO, Melewar Industrial Group (2002-2019) 
• Executive Director/CEO, Mycron Steel Berhad (2004-2015) 
• Executive Director, Maruchi Malaysia Steel Tubes Berhad  
(2002-2004) 
• Managing Director, Aaco Technologies Sdn Bhd (1997-2001) 
• Vice President and Head of Public Sector Division,  
Citibank Berhad (1995 - 1996)  
• Head of Priority Banking Division and Branch Manager of KL 
Main  
• Branch, Bank of Commerce (1988 - 1995) 
• Management Trainee, Citibank N A (1983-1987) 
 
 
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  55    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• BA Jurisprudence, ST Anne’s College, Oxford University, 
United Kingdom 
• Certified Diploma in Accounting & Finance, ACCA, United 
Kingdom 
• Certified Legal Practice, Legal Qualifying Board, Malaysia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Head Legal, Tenaga Nasional Berhad  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Legal Director, Danajamin Nasional Berhad (2009 - 2015) 
• Partner, Messrs. Kadir Andri & Partners (2015- 2021) 
• Partner, Messrs. Zaid Ibrahim & Co (2006- 2009) 
• Partner, Messrs. Zain & Co (2004 -2006) 
• Partner, Messrs. Abdul Raman Saad & Associates  
(1997 -2004) 
 
 
 
 
CCB RMC ACC NRC ACC CCB NRC BTC
Date of Appointment:  
18 May 2017
Date of Appointment:  
4 April 2017
Chairman MemberRisk Management CommitteeRMC Board Technology Committee of MIDF BerhadBTC
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 109

---- Page 112 ----
110
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENCIK RAFE HANEEF
Non-Independent 
Executive Director
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  54    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Chartered Islamic Finance Professional (ACIFP),  
Chartered Institute of Islamic Finance Professionals 
• Securities Representative License, Securities and  
Futures Authority (SFA), United Kingdom 
• New York Bar, Qualified, New York Bar,  
United States of America 
• Malaysian Bar, Admitted, Bar Council , Malaysia 
• Master of Laws (LL.M), Harvard Law School,  
United States of America 
• Bachelor of Laws (Hons) LL.B., International Islamic 
University, Malaysia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Group Chief Executive Officer, MBSB Group 
 
 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Group Transaction Banking 
(2019-2023) 
• Chief Executive Officer, CIMB Foundation (2019-2023) 
• Group Chief Sustainability Officer, CIMB Group (2019-2021) 
• Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director, CIMB Islamic 
Bank Berhad (2016 -2019) 
• Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director/ Managing 
Director, Global Market, Asia Pacific, HSBC Amanah Bank 
Berhad (2010-2015) 
• Managing Director, Investments, Fajr Capital Ltd  
(2008-2010) 
• Regional Head, Asia-Pacific, CitiBank Berhad (2006-2007) 
• Global Head, Global Islamic Finance, ABNAMRO Bank Ltd 
(2004-2006) 
• Associate Director, Global Markets, HSBC Financial Service 
ME Ltd (2001-2004) 
• Head of Shariah Department and Transaction Management, 
Structured Finance, HSBC Investment Bank plc  
(1999-2001) 
• Associate & Solicitor, Messrs. Mohd Ismail & Co  
(1994-1999) 
CCB
Chairman MemberCCB Credit Committee of the Board
Date of Appointment:  
1 February 2024
PROFILE OF MIDF AMANAH INVESTMENT BANK 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 110

---- Page 113 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
111
Chairman MemberBARMC Board Audit and Risk Management Committee OC Oversight Committee
Chairman/ 
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
ENCIK TAI KEAT CHAI  
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  66    
Gender        :  Female
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• LL.M. (Master of Banking Law: Islamic and Conventional), 
International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM)  
(Best student Award) 
• A Paper on Securities Industry, Securities Institute Australia 
• MPA (Master in Public Administration) - Public Policy, 
Harvard University, USA (Mason Spirit Awar, HIID 
• Banking School II & III for Bank Examiners, Federal Reserve 
Banking System, USA (Top Student Awar for Bank School III) 
• Certificate of Completion in Auditing & Certificate of Data 
Processing, Mara Institute of Technology 
• BA (Hons) - Bachelor of Arts and Social Science 
(Geography), University of Malaya 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad 
• Chairman, Zurich Takaful Malaysia Berhad 
• Chairman, Zurich General Takaful Malaysia Berhad 
• Director, Bond Pricing Agency Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Zurich Life Insurance Berhad 
• Director, Crimson Sdn. Bhd.  
• Managing Director, HOM Crimson Sdn. Bhd.  (Deregistered) 
(May 2013-2019) 
• Senior Financial Sector Specialist, Asian Development Bank 
(ADB), Manila, Philippines (Jan 2009-Jan 2011) 
• Director, Market Oversight Business Group, Securities 
Commission (June 1993-May 2013) 
• Manager, Bank Negara Malaysia (1981-April 1993)
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  70    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Chartered Accountant 
  
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Marine & General Berhad (wef18.08.2008) 
• Microlink Solutions Berhad (wef 28.08.2013) 
• Rex Industry Berhad (wef 06.03.2015) 
• HSS Engineers Berhad (wef 26.07.2021) 
• Talam Transform Berhad (wef 30.05.2023) 
• Influx Pacific Sdn. Bhd.  (wef 25.04.2001) 
• Ganz Industries Sdn. Bhd.  (wef 25.04.2001) 
• Fiscal Corporate Services Sdn. Bhd.  (wef 18.08.2001) 
• ICAP (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.  (wef 09.11.2015) 
 
Past Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Price Waterhouse Coopers  
(now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers) 
Qualified Assistant / Assistant Manager (Audit) (1978-1981) 
• Amanah Merchant Bank Berhad  
(now known as Alliance Merchant Bank Berhad) 
Assistant Manager / Manager / Senior Manager  
(Corporate Finance) (1981-1988) 
• Price Waterhouse Coopers Associates  
(now known as PwC Associates) 
Manager (Management Consultancy) (1988-1989) 
• Berjaya Group Berhad 
General Manager Investment (1989-1990) 
• SJ Securities Sdn. Bhd.  
General Manager (Stockbroking) (1990-1991) 
• A.A Anthony Securities Sdn. Bhd.  
Executive Director (Stockbroking) (1991-1996) 
• ECM Libra Avenue Securities Sdn. Bhd.   
(now known as Kenanga Investment Bank Berhad) 
Dealer’s Representative (Stockbroking) (1996-2001) 
• Fiscal Corporate Services Sdn. Bhd.  
Director (Corporate Advice) (2001-Current) 
Date of Appointment:  
27 June 2016
Date of Appointment:  
27 December 2016
CIK HASNAH BINTI 
OMAR
PROFILE OF MIDF AMANAH ASSET MANAGEMENT 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
BARMC OC
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 111

---- Page 114 ----
112
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENCIK HASMAN 
YUSRI BIN YUSOFF  
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
DATO’ SERI DIRAJA 
NUR JULIE GWEE 
ARIF
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director 
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  64    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Association of Chartered Certified Accountant 
• Post Graduate Diploma in Islamic Studies  
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Nil 
 
Past Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Director, Malaysian Resources Corporation Berhad  
(2016-2021) 
• Director, Chemical Company of Malaysia Berhad  
(2019-2021) 
• Director, Serba Dinamik Holdings Berhad (2016-2021) 
• Director, Agri Food Resources Holdings Sdn. Bhd.  
(2016-2018) 
• Director, Amanah International Sdn. Bhd. (2017-2019) 
• Partner, KPMG (1999-2015) 
• General Manager, Finance, Malakoff Berhad (1995-1999) 
• Petronas Group (1985-1994) 
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  48    
Gender        :  Female
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Master in Business Administration (Corporate Finance) 
• Bachelor of Commerce (Economics & Finance) 
• Chartered Banker 
• Capital Markets Services Representative License 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad  
Senior Director / Head, Debt Markets 
 
Past Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Union Bank of California, Kuala Lumpur Representative Office 
Relationship Officer, Trade Finance (May 1998-Sept 1999) 
• Rashid Hussain Securities Sdn. Bhd.  
Marketing Officer, Business Development  
(Oct 1999-Dec 2000) 
• Southern Investment Bank Berhad 
Associate, Corporate Finance (Jan 2001-Apr 2003) 
• Nam Fatt Corporation Berhad 
Manager (Apr 2003 -Apr 2004) 
• Hwang DBS Securities Berhad 
Deputy Manager, Corporate Finance (May 2004-Dec 2006) 
• PM Securities Sdn. Bhd.  
Manager, Corporate Finance (Nov 2005-Dec 2006) 
• ECM Libra Investment Bank Berhad  
Director, Investment Banking (Jan 2007-Jul 2012) 
• Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad 
Vice President, Business Development Division  
(Aug 2012-Feb 2013) 
 
 
 
Date of Appointment:  
13 April 2017
Date of Appointment:  
15 November 2023
PROFILE OF MIDF AMANAH ASSET MANAGEMENT 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
BARMCOC BARMC
BARMC Board Audit and Risk Management Committee OC Oversight Committee
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 112

---- Page 115 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
113
DATO’ AZLAN BIN 
SHAHRIM
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
ENCIK SHAN 
KAMAHL BIN 
MOHAMMAD
CEO/Executive Director
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  55    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Advanced Management Program, Wharton School, 
University of Pennsylvania, United States of America 
• Master of Laws, LL.M, International Business Law,  
University of Exeter, United Kingdom 
• Called to the Bar of England & Wales, Gray’s Inn,  
United Kingdom 
• Bachelor of Laws, LLB. (Hons), University of Kent,  
United Kingdom 
  
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Group Chief Strategy Officer, MBSB Group 
 
Past Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Group Director, Group Managing Director’s Office,  
DRB-HICOM Berhad (2019-2020) 
• Group Chief Operating Officer, POS Malaysia Berhad  
(2015-2019) 
• Group Director, Corporate Strategy & Transformation,  
DRB-HICOM Berhad (2014-2015) 
• Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Pelabuhan Tanjung Pelepas 
Sdn. Bhd. (2009-2014)
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  48    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
•    Masters in Business Administration (MBA),  
General Business, Charles Stuart University, Australia 
•     Bachelor of Science in Business Administration  
(Major Actuarial Science), University Of Hartford, USA 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• Atticus Capital Manager Sdn. Bhd. 
• Chief Executive Officer, MIDF Amanah Asset  
Management Berhad 
 
Past Directorship and/or Appointment 
 
• AON Services Group (1999-2000) - Accounts Manager 
• Hong Leong Assurance Berhad (2000-2002) - Executive 
• ValueCAP Sdn. Bhd.  (2002-2019) - Various positions 
• VCAM Asset Managers Sdn. Bhd.  (2014-2017) - CEO/ED 
• Fortress Capital Asset Managers Sdn. Bhd.   
(2020-2021) - Director, Investments 
• MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad (2021-2022) -  
Head, EMD 
Date of Appointment:  
15 November 2023
Date of Appointment:  
10 October 2022
Chairman Member
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:27 PM  Page 113

---- Page 116 ----
114
PROFILE OF MBSB BANK 
SHARIAH ADVISORY COMMITTEE
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENCIK MOHD BAHRODDIN  
BIN BADRI
Date of Appointment:  
07 August 2018
Nationality  :  Malaysian 
Age              :  47  
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Master's degree in Shariah (Economics), University of Malaya, Malaysia 
• Bachelor's degree in Islamic Revealed Knowledge and Heritage (Fiqh and Usul Fiqh), International Islamic University Malaysia 
(IIUM), Malaysia 
• Certified Shariah Advisor (CSA), Association of Shariah Advisors in Islamic Finance (ASAS), Malaysia 
• Certified Shariah Advisor and Auditor (CSAA) Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI), 
Bahrain 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Head, Islamic Finance Advisory, International ISRA Consulting (IC) 
• Researcher, International Shariah Research Academy (ISRA) 
• Member, Shariah Committee, EXIM Bank 
• Chairman, Shariah Committee, Swiss Re (Retakaful) 
• Member, Shariah Committee, Koperasi Pembiayaan Syariah Angkasa (KOPSYA) 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Shariah Consultant, ISRA Consultancy (ICSB) (2016-2021) 
• Member, Shariah Committee, Citibank Malaysia Berhad (2013-2018) 
• Member, Shariah Committee, Citibank Labuan (2017-2018) 
• Lecturer, International Islamic University Malaysia, CFS (IIUM) (2003-2012) 
• Tutor, University of Islamic Science Malaysia (USIM) (2008-2012) 
 
 
 
114
Chairman
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 114

---- Page 117 ----
Section 04Our Leadership
115115
Date of Appointment:  
08 September 2020
Nationality  :  Malaysian 
Age              :  49   
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Doctor of Philosophy in Islamic Revealed Knowledge and 
Heritage (Fiqh and Usul al-Fiqh), International Islamic 
University Malaysia, Malaysia 
• Master’s degree in Information Technology (Computer 
Science), National University of Malaysia, Malaysia 
• Master’s degree in Shariah, University of Malaya, Malaysia 
• Bachelor’s degree in Islamic Sciences (Hons) of al-Hadith, 
al-Madinah International University, Malaysia 
• Bachelor’s degree in Accounting (Hons), National University 
of Malaysia, Malaysia 
• Fellow of Certified Shariah Advisor and Auditor (CSAA) 
Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial 
Institutions (AAOIFI), Dubai. 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Lecturer in Muamalat, Islamic Finance and Economics at 
Academy of Contemporary Islamic Studies, Universiti 
Teknologi MARA (UiTM).  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Shariah Compliance Specialist, Munich Re (Retakaful)  
(2019-2021) 
• Waqf Manager, Universiti Teknologi Mara (UiTM) Shah Alam 
(2019-2021) 
• Research Consultant, International Shari’ah Research 
Academy for Islamic Finance (ISRA) (2019-2020) 
• Head of Shariah, MUFG Bank (Malaysia) Berhad  
(2013-2019) 
• Manager, (Shariah Risk & Compliance), Al Rajhi Banking & 
Investment Corporation (M) Bhd. Kuala Lumpur  
(2011-2013) 
• Business Analyst (Group Risk Management), AmBank (M) 
Berhad Kuala Lumpur (2010-2011) 
• Senior System Consultant (Business Analyst), Infopro Sdn. 
Bhd. . Petaling Jaya (2009-2010) 
• Senior Executive (Business & System Analyst), Malayan 
Banking Berhad Kuala Lumpur (2001-2009) 
 
Date of Appointment:  
20 January 2020
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  55    
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Ph.D in Islamic Law, University of Edinburgh, Scotland 
• Bachelor of Arts (Honors) in Shariah, University of Malaya, 
Malaysia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Mufti, Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur 
• Associate Professor, Department of Fiqh and Usul al-Fiqh, 
University of Malaya.  
• Member Shariah and Fatwa Committee MNRB Holding 
Berhad,  
• Member of the Shariah Advisory Committee Amanah Raya 
Berhad, 
• Member of the Shariah Advisory Committee Yayasan Wakaf 
Malaysia  
• Member of the Shariah Advisory Committee JAKIM 
• Wakaf Committee Member, Majlis Agama Islam Wilayah 
Persekutuan 
• Member For  Syariah Advisory Council of Kumpulan 
Perbadanan Kemajuan Iktisad Negeri Kelantan (PKINK)   
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Lecturer, University of Malaya (2005-2007)  
• Senior Lecturer, University of Malaya (2007 -2022) 
• Syariah Committee Member (Chairman), Bank of Tokyo-
Mitsubishi UFJ Malaysia  (2008-2019) 
• Shariah Committee Member, MAA Takaful (2012-2017) 
• Shariah Committee Member Zurich Takaful (2017-2020) 
• Fatwa Committee Member, Jemaah Ulama Majlis Agama 
Islam dan Adat Istiadat Melayu Kelantan (MAIK)  
(2012-2020) 
 
 
SOHIBUS SAMAHAH 
DATUK DR. LUQMAN 
BIN HJ. ABDULLAH
ENCIK NASRUN  
BIN MOHAMAD 
GHAZALI
Deputy Chairman Member
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 115

---- Page 118 ----
116
PROFILE OF MBSB BANK 
SHARIAH ADVISORY COMMITTEE
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DR. AHMAD FAIZOL 
BIN ISMAIL
Date of Appointment:  
01 April 2020
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  41     
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Ph.D in Law, School of Law, University of Leeds, United 
Kingdom 
• Master’s degree in Shariah, University of Malaya, Malaysia  
• Bachelor’s degree in Shariah, Al-Azhar University, Egypt 
• Diploma in Islamic Studies (Shariah) from Kolej Ugama 
Sultan Zainal Abidin (KUSZA) 
• Certified Shariah Advisor (CSA), Association of Shariah 
Advisors in Islamic Finance (ASAS), Malaysia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, Office of Waqf and Endowments, UniSZA 
• Senior Lecturer, Faculty of Islamic Contemporary Studies, 
UniSZA 
• External Academic Advisor, Kolej Universiti Islam Selangor  
• External Academic Advisor, Kolej Quran Terengganu 
 
Past Appointment 
 
• Head of Shariah Department, Faculty of Islamic 
Contemporary Studies, UniSZA, (2020 -2022)
Date of Appointment:  
11 January 2023
Nationality  :  Malaysian 
Age              :  45      
Gender        :  Female
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Master of Comparative Laws (MCL), International Islamic 
University Malaysia (IIUM), Malaysia 
• Bachelor of Laws (LL. B) (Honours), International Islamic 
University Malaysia (IIUM), Malaysia  
• Bachelor of Laws (Shariah) (LL.BS) (Honours) (First Class), 
International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM), Malaysia  
• Chartered Islamic Finance Professional (CIFP), International 
Centre for Education in Islamic Finance (INCEIF), Malaysia 
• Former Professional Assessor, Financial Accreditation 
Agency (FAA)  
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Managing Partner, Messrs. Apnizan Abdullah & Co.  
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Research Fellow, International Institute of Advanced Islamic 
Studies (IAIS) Malaysia (2015-2021) 
• Researcher, International Shariah Research Academy for 
Islamic Finance (ISRA) (2012-2013) 
• Lecturer, University of Malaya  (2007-2012) 
• Lecturer, Tunku Abdul Rahman University (2001-2012) 
• Legal Assistant, Mak Farid & Company (2006) 
116
PUAN APNIZAN 
BINTI ABDULLAH 
MemberMember
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 116

---- Page 119 ----
117117
PROFILE OF MIDF AMANAH INVESTMENT BANK  
SHARIAH COMMITTEE
Date of Appointment:  
1 April 2023
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  45   
Gender        :  Male
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• Ph.D in Usul Fiqh (Maqasid Al-Shariah Islamic Banking), 
International Islamic University of Malaysia, Malaysia 
• Master of Islamic Revealed Knowledge and Human 
Sciences Specializing in Usul Fiqh, International Islamic 
University of Malaysia, Malaysia 
• Bachelor of Fiqh and Usul Fiqh (Shariah), Islamic University 
of Madinah Munawwarah, Saudi Arabia 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Chairman, Shariah Committee MIDF Amanah Investment 
Bank Berhad  
• Member of the Shariah Committee of MIDF Amanah 
Investment Bank Berhad  
• Shariah Advisor MIDF Amanah Asset Management Berhad  
• Member of the Group Shariah Committee of Etiqa Takaful  
• Lecturer and deputy dean in the Faculty of Syariah and Law, 
Universiti Sains Islam Malaysia (USIM)  
• Syariah Advisory Panel for World Fatwa Management and 
Research Institute (INFAD) 
• Fellow, Islamic Finance and Wealth Management Institute 
(IFWMI), USIM  
• Fatwa Committee, Pulau Pinang 
  
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Nil 
 
 
Date of Appointment:  
1 January 2023
Academic/Professional Qualification 
 
• LLB (Hons), International Islamic University Malaysia 
• Admitted to the Malaysian Bar 
• Professional qualification from the Institute of Chartered 
Secretaries and Administrators (ICSA) 
 
Working Experience and Occupation 
 
Present Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
• Director, AAA Consulting Sdn. Bhd. 
•   Director, Impact Analytix Sdn. Bhd. 
•    Director, Prudenz Corporate House Sdn. Bhd. 
•    Director, Azmi Globalpte. Ltd 
•    Director, Elridge Energy Holdings Berhad 
•     Managing Partner/Head, Global Financial Services & Islamic 
Banking Messrs Azmi & Associates 
 
Past Directorships and/or Appointments 
 
•    Director, Bank Simpanan Nasional (2019- 2023) 
•    Director, Frontier Steps Sdn. Bhd. (2014-2017) 
•    Director, Australasia Capital (L) LTD (2013-2023) 
•    Director, Amanah International Finance Sdn. Bhd.  
(2017-2019) 
•    Partner, Messrs Hisham Sobri & Kadir (2000) 
 
DR. MUHAMMAD 
NAJIB BIN 
ABDULLAH 
ENCIK AHMAD LUTFI 
BIN ABDULL 
MUTALIP @ TALIB
Nationality  :  Malaysian  
Age              :  53     
Gender        :  Male
Chairman Member 
Section 04Our Leadership
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 117

---- Page 120 ----
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 118

---- Page 121 ----
OUR  
GOVERNANCE
120  Corporate Governance Overview Statement 
137  Additional Compliance Statements 
138  Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control 
154  Report of the Audit Committee
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 119

---- Page 122 ----
120
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
OVERVIEW STATEMENT
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Corporate governance is crucial to enable effective and prudent management of our organisation in delivering sustainable 
value for all our stakeholders. The objectives of our corporate governance are clear, that is to ensure that our business is 
conducted in a transparent, ethical, fair and responsible manner, in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations. 
 
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of MBSB firmly believes in the importance of good corporate governance.  MBSB and its 
subsidiaries (the Group) is fully committed in ensuring  the highest standards of corporate governance and integrity are applied 
throughout our organisation via our values, structures, policies and procedures.  
 
The Group adopts the principles and best practices of corporate governance as prescribed by the Malaysian Code of Corporate 
Governance (“MCCG”), Companies Act 2016 and those outlined by other regulatory bodies such as Bank Negara Malaysia’s policy 
document on Corporate Governance and Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Malaysia”)’s Main Market Listing Requirements 
(“MMLR”). MBSB is also a member of the Federation of Public Listed Companies Berhad. 
 
The Board is pleased to present our Corporate Governance (“CG”) Overview Statement, which outlines our approach to governance 
in practice and the key Board activities in 2023. This CG Overview Statement focuses on the following three (3) key CG principles of 
MCCG:  
The CG Overview Statement will also outline the Group’s key focus area and future priorities in relation to CG practices.  
 
This CG Overview Statement is prepared in compliance with Bursa Malaysia’s MMLR. It is to be read together with the Corporate 
Governance Report (“CG Report”) 2023 which is available on MBSB’s website at https://www.mbsb.com.my/ar.html 
 
In the latest National Annual Corporate Report Awards (“NACRA”) 2023, MBSB’s Integrated Annual Report 2022 was awarded ‘Best 
Designed Annual Report’ under Silver Category. 
 
We are also a constituent of FTSE4Good Bursa Malaysia Index (“F4GBM”) since 2016. Our FTSE4Good ESG rating as at 18 December 
2023 stood at 3.6, which was higher than the industry average (Financials) of 2.6. The Board will continue to address the gaps in 
Sustainability Report 2023, CG Report 2023 and Integrated Annual Report 2023. 
 
 
A.  BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS 
 
Board Responsibilities 
 
The Board of MBSB set the tone from the top and is collectively responsible for overseeing the conduct of the Group’s business as 
well as the Management’s implementation of the Group’s strategic objectives, including its performance to ensure the sustainability 
of the Group and its ability to create long-term value, not only for our shareholders but also for Group’s various stakeholders. 
 
The Board is guided by the Board Charter, which clearly identifies the respective Board’s role, duties and responsibilities. The Board 
Charter also outlines the processes and procedures to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the Board and the Board 
Committees.  
 
The Board is supported by various Board Committees and Management-led Committees (together identified as the “Committees”). 
The roles and responsibilities of the respective Committees are clearly outlined in their Terms of Reference (“TOR”) and Approving 
Authority Manual (“AA Manual”), which require regular review and approval by the Board from time to time. Any decisions which are 
not within the Committees’ authority would be escalated to the Board with the Committees’ recommendation. 
 
Board Leadership and EffectivenessA Effective audit and  
risk management
B Integrity in corporate reporting and 
meaningful relationship with 
stakeholders
C
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 120

---- Page 123 ----
Section 05Our Governance
121
Assumes ultimate responsibility for managing 
sustainability matters 
A
Ensure that corporate strategy takes into account 
sustainability considerations
B
Approves corporate strategy and key performance 
indicators 
C
Approves policies on sustainability mattersD
The Board has entrusted its Committees with specific 
responsibilities to oversee the Group’s affairs in accordance with 
their respective TOR and remain responsible and keep abreast 
with the key issues and decisions made by the respective 
Committees through the reports escalated to the Board as well 
as the minutes of meetings that capture the detailed deliberations 
which were subsequently tabled to the Board for notation. 
 
The matters reserved for the Board include reviewing and 
adopting the strategies on promoting sustainability through 
appropriate environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) 
consideration in the Group’s businesses, including development 
and implementation of sustainability strategies, priorities and 
targets. The complete list of matters reserved for the Board are 
stated in the Board Charter, which are available online at 
www.mbsb.com.my. 
 
The Board also takes responsibility for the governance of 
sustainability and sustainability risk oversight. Key governance 
responsibilities for the Board are as follows: 
Board Activities  
 
During the year under review, MBSB had completed the 
acquisition of 100% equity interest in Malaysian Industrial 
Development Finance Berhad (“MIDF”) from Permodalan 
Nasional Berhad on 2 October 2023 in line with the Group’s 
strategic business direction. MBSB had in 2023 received a 
notable recognition from the industry, namely ‘Best Domestic 
M&A Deal of the Year in Malaysia Award’ at the 17th Borrower 
Issuer Awards Alpha Southeast Asia 2023. 
 
The Board of MBSB, in consultation with the Board of MBSB 
Bank Berhad and MIDF Group,  determines the strategic direction 
of the Group to ensure that the Group achieves its initiatives as 
set out in the three-year Strategic Business Plan “FLIGHT26”.   
 
The Board convenes regular Board meetings to review the overall 
performance of the Group. This includes the progress of the 
Business Plan, Digital and Technology Strategy, ESG Strategy, 
short and long-term sustainable growth and budget of the Group, 
succession planning and the future growth for the Group.  
 
The Board is also responsible for ensuring that the Group is 
responsive to changes in the business and economic 
environment when pursuing and achieving the planned goal and 
objectives. The Board monitor the performance of MBSB Bank 
and MIDF Group from time to time through the presentation of 
the various reports submitted by the Finance, Risk Management, 
Compliance, Legal and Internal Audit Division. The Board also 
monitors the scorecard achievement and progress of Business 
Plan initiatives through the monthly business performance report 
and financial report presented to the Board.  
 
The Board continue to intensify efforts and focus to provide the 
best and most innovative solutions/products to match and 
capture customers’ requirements by leveraging on the strong 
synergy across the enlarged Group.  
 
During the year, several new products were introduced such as 
family takaful products, business credit financing programme for 
small and medium enterprises (SMEs), Ihsan-i, green and 
sustainable financing etc and continue with the various 
collaborations with strategic partners to provide innovative 
product offerings to the customers to become their preferred 
banking partner.  The Bank continues its efforts to delivering 
innovative product offerings in attracting high quality customer 
base.  
 
 
This governance principles are adopted by all entities within the 
Group.
Refer to the “2023: The Year in Review” section of this Integrated  
Annual Report for more information on the business review in 2023  
and business outlook.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 121

---- Page 124 ----
122
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
OVERVIEW STATEMENT
The Board received regular updates on the economic / industry 
outlook during meetings (from RAM Rating Services Berhad and 
MIDF Research), in addition to attending relevant training 
programmes to keep abreast with the updates and changes in 
the business environment. 
 
The Board also reviewed and set the annual performance 
scorecard of the Group as well as targets for the Group Chief 
Executive Officer (“GCEO”), Chief Executive Officers and C-
Suites. 
 
Succession planning remains a key area of focus for the Board. 
The Board was kept informed via the People & Culture Division 
(“PCD”) dashboard reports on the progress of the programmes 
to nurture and groom future talents and also the readiness of the 
successors for the key management personnel. The PCD 
dashboard also provides regular updates to the Board on the 
manpower position of the Group which includes attrition and 
hiring of new recruits and also the progress of various initiatives 
undertaken by PCD.   
 
In addition, as part of the integration process arising from the 
acquisition resulting in an enlarged Group, townhalls and various 
communications were held with all employees of MBSB Bank 
and MIDF Group to achieve synergies and inclusion as an 
enlarged group.   
 
For the year under review, MBSB Bank continue to enhance the 
digital offerings at MBSB Bank to improve efficiency and offer 
greater value including enhancing user experience to meet the 
evolving needs of both customer and merchants.  
 
The Board provide oversight on the management of sustainability 
matters at MBSB and its operating subsidiaries to ensure ESG 
considerations are incorporated in business plans for the Group. 
In 2023, the Group performed a comprehensive materiality 
assessment to refresh matters or issues that reflect the Group’s 
significant economic, environmental and social impacts. Interests 
and concerns for both internal and external stakeholders are 
reviewed through surveys and focus group discussions. The 
outcome from the assessment was prioritised and presented in 
the Materiality Matrix, which was validated and endorsed by the 
Board during the year. The materiality assessment process and 
Materiality Matrix are disclosed in MBSB Integrated Annual 
Report 2023. 
 
During the year, the Board has approved the Net Zero strategy, 
Sustainability Commitments, revisions to the Sustainability 
governance structure to integrate climate-related risks, and the 
Climate Risk Management framework. 
 
The TOR, policies and procedures of the Board, Board 
Committees and Management-led Committees were reviewed 
and revised during the year to reflect the necessary changes in 
the internal process and regulatory requirement for better 
operational efficiency and readiness. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Among the topics and strategies reviewed, deliberated and approved by the Board during the financial year 2023 are as follows:- 
                     Areas                          Key topics/ strategies
Strategy
• Budget and Business Plan, business plan initiatives and KPI for year 2024 for MBSB 
Group  
• Acquisition of MIDF Group 
• Initiatives on post-acquisition integration of enlarged MBSB Group 
• Disposal of non-core assets 
• Disposal of MBSB’s residual asset and liability (loans and non-financial subsidiaries) by 
way of a scheme of arrangement 
• MBSB Group's Business Strategy 
• Group Capital Strategy 
• Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Framework and Strategy 
• Climate Risk Management and Net Zero Strategy 
• MBSB’s Sustainability Initiatives 
• Monthly Strategy & Business Performance 
• Monthly Financial Performance 
• Quarterly Financial Results  
• Quarterly Report on Sustainability Initiatives 
• Declaration of Dividend 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 122

---- Page 125 ----
Section 05Our Governance
123
                     Areas                          Key topics/ strategies
Risk, 
Compliance, 
Oversight
• Composite Risk Rating findings and the action plan 
• Annual Plan for 2023 for Risk, Compliance, Internal Audit and Integrity and Governance 
Unit (IGU). 
• Monthly Compliance Report 
• Monthly Risk Management Report 
• Quarterly Internal Audit Report 
• Quarterly IGU Report 
• Quarterly Risk Report 
• Reappointment of external auditors  
• Related Party Transactions 
• Recovery Plan
Governance
• Board and Board Committees composition 
• Board Remuneration 
• Board Annual Training Plan 
• Performance assessment and rewards 2022 for Key Management Personnel. 
• Board Effectiveness Evaluation for year 2022 
• Fit and Proper Assessment for Directors for year 2023 
• Fit and Proper Assessment for Group Chief Executive Officer and C-Suites for year 2023 
• MBSB Integrated Report 2022, Sustainability Report 2022 and Corporate Governance 
Report 2022 
• Terms of Reference of Board Committees 
• Appointment of Acting Chairman for MBSB 
• Appointment of Board Chairman for MBSB and MBSB Bank 
• Appointment of Group Chief Executive Officer 
• Succession Planning for Key Management Personnel 
• Directors and Officers Takaful Coverage. 
• Staff Group Term Takaful and Group Personal Accident Takaful Coverage
Leadership and Governance Structure 
 
The governance structure of MBSB is as follows: 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
DIRECTORS
(NRCCommittee
Remuneration
&Nominating
CommitteeAudit
(RMCommittee
ManagemeRisk
(RCCommitteeMBSB  
Framework:
& Model
Governance 
toReport
sDelegate
BOARD COMMITTE
Restructuring 
BOARD OF
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  mittee ded access to RMC.Has unimpe
ly to Group Chief Compliance Officer.Report direct
Report to GCEO on day-to-day administration.
C)  
n 
& 
Unit (IGU) 
(AC)
C) 
ent
(CARAC)  
CommitteeAssessment
RehabilitationandCredit
(ALCO)
CommitteeLiabilityAsset
#(MANCO)
Committee
Compliance
Risk Management
CONTROL FUNCTIONS 
Governance Framework Executive Officer 
COMMITTEES 
Legend:
Internal Audit
MANAGEMENT
Group Chief Management
INDEPENDENT
Management
EES
C)* 
Integrity Governance
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  MANCO has been re#
n disbandRC has bee*  
Note:
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  eclassified as Group Management Comm
ded on 31 December 2023
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 123

---- Page 126 ----
124
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
OVERVIEW STATEMENT
The governance structure of the Group is supported by the AA 
Manual, which delineates the relevant matters and approving 
authority limits, including those reserved for the Board’s approval 
and those which the Board may delegate to the relevant Board 
Committees, the GCEO and Management. The governance 
structure, TOR, Board Charter and the AA Manual is reviewed at 
least once every two years or as required, to ensure an optimum 
structure for efficient and effective decision-making in the Group.  
 
Similar Board Committees and Management Committees have 
been established at the applicable individual operating entities 
within the MBSB Group to ensure oversight. 
 
Ethical Business Conduct 
 
The Board has established the Code of Ethics for Directors which 
is in line with the practices with the MCCG and incorporated the 
recommendations from the Guidelines on Conduct of Directors 
of Listed Corporations and their Subsidiaries issued by the 
Securities Commission and Code of Ethics recommended by the 
Financial Services Professional Board.  
 
The Directors observe the Code of Ethics when performing their 
duties and are fully subscribed to the high ethical standards 
considering all stakeholders’ interest.  
 
The Board has established a Directors’ Conflict of Interest Policy 
to provide a systematic mechanism to disclose any potential and 
actual conflict of interest. A Director who is interested in certain 
transactions is required to abstain from any reporting, discussion 
or vote on  transactions that give rise to the conflict. The 
interested Director is required to be absent or excused from the 
meeting during such deliberations. The Company Secretary shall 
record each Director’s conflict of interest disclosed at the meeting 
in the minutes of the said meeting. The Directors’ Conflict of 
Interest Policy is reviewed every two years or as and when 
required. The Directors’ Conflict of Interest Policy was last 
reviewed in 2022 with no change required. The Directors’ Conflict 
of Interest Policy will be reviewed in 2024 in line with the 
Guidance on Conflict of Interest issued by the regulator. 
 
The Group has also established the Code of Ethics and Conduct 
(“COEC”) for employees, the Complaint Handling Management 
Policies and Procedures, as well as the Whistleblowing Policy, to 
set the standards of behaviour expected of its employees and to 
encourage employees to report on suspected fraud, misconduct 
behaviour and/or violations of the COEC as well as any other 
directives or policies issued by the Group from time to time. This 
is to support the Group’s values to uphold the highest standard 
of personal and professional integrity, ensure employees can 
raise concerns without fear of reprisals, and provide a transparent 
and confidential process for dealing with genuine concerns to 
safeguard the interests of the Group. 
 
 
To ensure adherence to the guidelines, the Management of MBSB 
Group has taken steps to establish an effective monitoring 
process. Each and every staff is required to observe the principles 
and uphold the corresponding conduct to achieve a high 
standard of professionalism and ethics in the conduct of the 
Bank’s business and professional activities.  The COEC is divided 
into two (2) areas: 
 
1. Code of Ethics - outlines a set of principles that guides 
decision-making. 
 
2. Code of Conduct - outlines specific behaviours and conduct 
required or prohibited within the Group as a condition of 
ongoing employment and the expected conduct in 
employees’ interaction with various key stakeholders. 
 
Adherence to the COEC is a condition of employment with MBSB 
Bank. Each employee shall execute a declaration signifying their 
agreement to comply with the terms and requirements of the 
COEC by signing the “Employee Declaration of Compliance”. 
 
The COEC is to be reviewed annually or as and when required. 
The COEC was reviewed in 2023 with no change required.   
 
The COEC Policy Statement of MBSB Bank is available on MBSB 
Bank’s website at https://www.mbsbbank.com/sites/default/ 
files/inline-files/CodeEthicsConducts.pdf 
 
The Group has adopted Integrity and Anti-Bribery, Corruption & 
Abuse of Power (“IABCAP”) Policy, which complies with the 
‘Guideline for the Management of Integrity & Governance Unit’ 
issued by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (“MACC”) 
and ‘Guidelines on Adequate Procedures’ issued by the Prime 
Minister’s Department. It also defines the scope and roles of 
Integrity & Governance Unit (“IGU”) and other relevant functions 
within the Group in carrying out their duties to prevent, detect 
and correct all instances of bribery, corruption and abuse of 
power as part of implementing adequate measures to enhance 
and uphold a high integrity culture. 
 
The IABCAP Policy was reviewed in November 2023 to 
incorporate training requirements to align with the existing 
policies. Integrity & Governance Unit (IGU) Procedures were also 
established to operationalise the IABCAP Policy and to reaffirm 
the commitment in upholding the highest standards of integrity, 
transparency, and accountability. 
 
MBSB has established an IGU for MBSB Group. The main 
purpose of IGU is to ensure an honest with high integrity work 
culture amongst the employees, including members of Senior 
Management and the Board and to combat bribery, corruption 
and abuse of power. The IGU Officer has unimpeded access to 
the Board (via RMC) on integrity issues and activities relating to 
adequate procedures. The IGU Officer reports to the Group Chief 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 124

---- Page 127 ----
Section 05Our Governance
125
Compliance Officer on matters regarding integrity issues and 
activities carried out in relation to adequate procedures within the 
MBSB Group. 
 
MBSB Group adopts zero-tolerance on any form of bribery, 
corruption and abuse of power. The Fraud and Corruption Control 
Policies and Procedures are implemented to manage the risk of 
fraud and corruption within the MBSB Group. The Fraud and 
Corruption Control Policies and Procedures should be read in 
conjunction with the Whistleblowing Policy.  
 
All employees are entrusted with the responsibility of staying alert 
to prevent and detect defalcations, misappropriations and other 
irregularities. The policy sets out the specific roles of employees 
in the prevention and detection of fraud and fraud discovery 
reporting and the procedures and processes MBSB Group will 
take in respect of employees involved in fraudulent acts. The 
Fraud and Corruption Control Policies and Procedures are 
accessible to all employees via the intranet, and the employees 
had been notified on how to access it. 
 
All Directors, Shariah Advisory Committee (“SAC”) members and 
employees of MBSB Group are required to complete the 
Individual Integrity Pledge. All newly appointed external service 
providers or those who renewed their services with MBSB Group 
are required to execute the contract agreement with specific Anti-
Bribery and Corruption clauses or in the absence of the contract 
agreement, the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Declaration Form. 
 
It is also a requirement for all MBSB Bank employees to complete 
e-learning modules on Integrity and Governance on annual basis. 
 
On-boarding due diligence is conducted for new Directors, SAC 
members, employees, and customers applying for financing 
facilities and as well as external service providers. On-going due 
diligence is also required to be conducted on all parties that have 
established and/or renewed relationship with the Bank, which 
includes customers and external service providers. 
 
The Group has in place a Whistleblowing Policy to provide an 
avenue for the employees and members of the public or any 
external party to raise concerns without fear of reprisal and to 
promote highest possible standards of ethical and level business 
conduct. The said policy clearly spells out the process flow to 
guide the employees to raise their concerns and the assurance 
that the whistleblower will not be at the risk of reprisal due to 
raising the concerns. The policy also provides a secure, 
convenient channel and protects the confidentiality of the 
employees who make the report. The Whistleblowing Policy is 
periodically communicated to employees to increase awareness. 
 
The Whistleblowing Policy was last revised in August 2022 and 
will be reviewed in 2024. 
 
The Group has also established the Anti-Money Laundering and 
Counter Financing of Terrorism (“AML/CFT”) Policies & 
Procedures, which is part of the Group’s Compliance policy. The 
Group is committed to fully cooperate with the relevant local and 
international authorities and law enforcement agencies in 
combating Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of 
Terrorism. Appropriate internal controls and procedures for 
money-laundering prevention are in place. The Compliance 
Division carries out regular checks and training to ensure that 
employees are fully aware of and committed to discharging their 
obligations. The AML/CFT Policy and the AML/CFT Procedures 
was last revised in 2022 and will be reviewed in 2024. 
 
The Group has established the Related Party Transactions Policy  
that outlines the roles and responsibilities expected of the 
Management and the Board as well as other relevant divisions or 
departments within the Group. It provides guidance on 
transactions that involve related parties and ensuring that such 
transactions are conducted at an arm’s length basis and in 
accordance with good governance, as well as with appropriate 
disclosures. 
Roles and Responsibilities of the Chairman and GCEO  
 
The Chairman and the GCEO position are held by different 
individuals with clear division of responsibilities between the 
Chairman and GCEO to ensure balance of power and authority 
and to promote checks and balances.   
 
The Chairman is focused on board leadership whereas the GCEO 
is focused on the business, strategy, operations and 
organisational issues and implementing Board’s decision. The 
roles of Chairman and GCEO are formally documented in the 
Board Charter. 
 
The Board has appointed Encik Rafe Haneef as the GCEO on 1 
July 2023. 
 
Following the demise of Tan Sri Azlan Zainol on 12 January 2023, 
the Board initiated the process of identifying a new Chairman. 
During the absence of the Chairman, and as an immediate interim 
measure, the duty to chair the Board meetings of MBSB was 
assumed by Puan Lynette Yeow Su-Yin (“Puan Lynette”), the 
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director.  
 
Puan Lynette was subsequently redesignated as Acting Chairman 
on 22 September 2023.  
 
Refer to MBSB CG Report 2023 and Sustainability Report  
(“Ethics and Integrity” section) for more information on our ethical 
business conduct.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 125

---- Page 128 ----
126
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
OVERVIEW STATEMENT
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The Board has identified a new Chairman for MBSB and has 
appointed Dato' Wan Kamaruzaman Bin Wan Ahmad (“Dato’ 
Wan”) as the Chairman/ Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director of MBSB on 24 January 2024. Following the 
appointment of the new Chairman, Puan Lynette was 
redesignated as the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director.  
 
Company Secretary  
 
All the Board members have full access to two (2) Company 
Secretaries who are qualified to act as Company Secretary under 
Section 235 of the Companies Act, 2016. They are Associate 
members of the Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and 
Administrators (“MAICSA”) and hold a valid Practicing Certificate 
of Secretary issued by the Companies Commission of Malaysia.  
 
The Company Secretaries demonstrate ongoing support in 
advising and assisting the Board on matters relating to the affairs 
of the Group, including issues pertaining to compliance, 
corporate governance and best practices, boardroom 
effectiveness and Directors’ duties and responsibilities. This 
includes disclosure of Directors’ interest in securities, disclosure 
of conflict of interest in transactions, prohibition on dealing in 
securities and restrictions on disclosure of price-sensitive 
information. The Company Secretaries are also responsible for 
facilitating new Directors' induction and assisting in the Director’s 
training and development. 
 
In 2023, the Company Secretaries updated the Board on the 
amendments to the Main Market Listing Requirements in relation 
to sustainability training for directors and conflict of interest.  
 
The Company Secretaries have assisted the Board and NRC in 
the appointment of the new directors i.e. Tan Sri Abdul Rahman 
bin Mamat and Datuk Yasmin Binti Mahmood, who were 
appointed on 5 December 2023. 
 
The Company Secretaries also assisted the Board and the NRC 
in the appointment of the new Board Chairman.  
 
In 2023, the Company Secretaries facilitated the Board 
Effectiveness Evaluation for the year 2022. The Company 
Secretaries also assisted the Board and the NRC in the 
reappointment  of directors, re-election of directors, board 
remuneration review, annual training plan and board and board 
committees’ composition review. 
 
During the year, the Company Secretaries facilitated the 
orientation/induction programmes for the new directors. The 
Company Secretary and the relevant Management team 
members had briefed the directors to familiarise the directors with 
the business and operations of the Group. In addition, the 
Company Secretaries also co-ordinated the directors' registration 
for the various training programmes organised. 
 
The Company Secretaries also briefed the Board on the 
requirement to attend the Mandatory Accreditation Programme 
(“MAP”)  Part II : Leading for Impact (LIP)  as required by Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad.  
 
The Company Secretaries have arranged for four (4) directors to 
attend the MAP Part II: LIP in 2023.  
 
The Company Secretaries are also involved in organising general 
meetings to ensure all due processes and proceedings are in 
place and properly managed. In 2023, MBSB had organised 
Annual General Meeting, Extraordinary General Meeting and 
Court-Convened Meeting. The Company Secretaries also 
ensured that the minutes are properly recorded, particularly the 
questions raised by the shareholders. 
 
To ensure smooth information flow between the Management and 
the Board, the Company Secretary is also appointed as the 
Secretary of several Management-led Committees. The 
Company Secretaries ensure that deliberations at Board and 
Board Committees meetings are well documented and 
communicated to the relevant Management members for 
appropriate action. The Company Secretaries also update the 
Board and Board Committees on follow-up actions on their 
decisions. 
 
Board Composition  
 
As at 31 December 2023, the Board of MBSB consists of eight 
(8) Directors: 
 
• Six (6) Independent Non-Executive Directors  
• One (1) Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
• One (1) Non-Independent Executive Director  
 
The Board recognises the benefits of having a diverse Board to 
ensure that the Board can perform effectively by providing the 
necessary range of perspectives, experience and expertise. The 
Board is committed to Board diversity and at the same time will 
ensure that all appointments to the respective Boards will be 
made based on merit, considering the Group’s needs and 
circumstances, the present size of the Board, suitability for the 
role, skills, experience, knowledge, experience and diversity. 
 
The Board has adopted the Boardroom Diversity Policy, which 
covers diversity in terms of professional experience, skills, 
knowledge, education and background, age, ethnicity, culture 
and gender. The diversity of skill, experience and knowledge of 
its members in various disciplines and professions allows the 
Board to address and/or resolve the various issues effectively and 
efficiently. The Board agreed to adopt a measurable objective of 
maintaining at least one (1) female Director on the Board. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 126

---- Page 129 ----
Section 05Our Governance
127
The Board, through NRC, reviews the composition of the Board 
and Board Committees every year or as and when required to 
enable effective oversight and delegation of responsibilities. 
 
A Board Skills Matrix is used to understand the capabilities and 
personal attributes of the existing Board members and used as 
a guideline for appointment of new Directors. MBSB’s NRC would 
carry out the fit and proper assessment on the candidates prior 
to recommendation to the Board for approval. The procedure for 
appointment of new director is disclosed in the explanation on 
Practice 5.5 of CG Report 2023. 
 
The NRC had reviewed the Board and Board Committees 
composition together with the Board Skill Matrix and had 
identified the selection criteria for the appointment of a new 
director i.e. a director with an IT and banking background. The 
NRC then sourced for potential candidates based on the 
selection criteria and also considered gender diversity for the 
Board of MBSB. Following the completion of the acquisition of 
MIDF and pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, NRC had 
evaluated and assessed the fit and proper criteria and the 
suitability and accordingly recommended to appoint Tan Sri 
Abdul Rahman bin Mamat and Datuk Yasmin Binti Mahmood as 
the new directors of MBSB. The appointment of both directors 
at MBSB would facilitate better integration, communication and 
alignment of the Group’s strategy and decision-making for the 
enlarged Group. 
 
Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mamat was appointed as Independent 
Non-Executive Director of MBSB effective 5 December 2023 and 
Datuk Yasmin Binti Mahmood was appointed as Non-
Independent Non-Executive Director of MBSB effective  
5 December 2023. 
 
The NRC also evaluated the candidate for Board Chairman after 
the demise of Tan Sri Azlan Zainol on 12 January 2023. The NRC 
had recommended Dato' Wan to be appointed as Board 
Chairman of MBSB. Dato’ Wan possesses extensive experience 
in finance and treasury management, spanning over three 
decades. He has a strong background in banking and held 
various senior leadership positions in the finance industry. He was 
formerly the Chairman of Bank of America Malaysia Berhad. 
 
Dato’ Wan was appointed as Chairman/Non-Independent Non-
Executive Director of MBSB effective 24 January 2024 after 
MBSB secured the necessary approval from the regulator for the 
appointment. 
 
 
The Board has adopted a Fit and Proper Policy which outlined 
the following criteria for the assessment of the suitability of the 
candidates for directorship, annual assessment for directors, re-
election of directors and appointment/renewal of contracts for 
the GCEO, key senior management with C-Suites position and 
the Company Secretary: 
 
• Probity, personal integrity and reputation - the person must 
have the personal qualities such as honesty, integrity, 
diligence, independence of mind and fairness. 
• Competence and capability - the person must have the 
necessary skills, experience, ability and commitment to 
carry out the role. 
• Financial integrity - the person must manage his debts or 
financial affairs prudently. 
 
In addition, background screening was conducted by an 
independent party as part of the Fit & Proper Assessment. The 
background screening covers the following areas:- 
 
1. Identification check 
2. Malaysia Anti-Corruption Commission (“MACC”) check 
3. Malaysia / International Security check 
4. Insolvency search 
5. Global Integrity check 
6. Global Internet & Media search 
7. Industrial Courts Record check 
8. Educational loan check 
9. Professional Association Verification 
10. Malaysia Regulatory check  
11. Directorship check 
12. Civil Records check 
13. Unethical Financing & Money Laundering search 
14. Academic verification 
 
The C-Suites include the GCEO, the Chief Executive Officer, the 
Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Compliance Officer, the Chief 
Internal Auditor, the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief People Officer, 
the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Technology Officer, the 
Chief Corporate Officer, the Chief Strategy Officer, Chief Treasurer 
and Capital Markets Officer and the Chief Credit Officer. 
 
The list of activities of NRC in 2023 is disclosed in the explanation 
on Practice 1.1 of CG Report 2023.  
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 127

---- Page 130 ----
128
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
OVERVIEW STATEMENT
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Board Evaluation 
 
The Board through NRC has conducted the annual assessment 
on the effectiveness of the Board, Board Committees, individual 
Directors and independence of Independent Directors.  
 
In 2023, the Board Effectiveness Evaluation for year 2022 was 
conducted in-house and the evaluation method adopted the 
assessment format proposed by FIDE FORUM in 2020. The 
evaluation covers the following key areas:- 
 
Board and Board Committee Effectiveness 
 
1. Overall Board Effectiveness  
2. Board Responsibilities  
3. Board Composition  
4. Board Remuneration  
5. Board Committees  
6. Board Culture 
7. Chairman 
8. Board Administration and Process 
9. Board Education 
 
Directors’ Self  and Peer Effectiveness 
 
a. Board Dynamics and Participation 
b. Leadership, Integrity and Objectivity 
c. Knowledge and Expertise 
 
The approaches of the assessment are as follows:- 
 
• Customised questionnaire based on principles and good 
governance practices set out in MCCG, Bursa Corporate 
Governance Guide, BNM Corporate Governance Policy 
Document and Financial Services Professional Board Code 
of Ethics for the Financial Services Industry to assess 
Board’s, Board Committees’ and individual Directors’ 
effectiveness, including leadership qualities 
 
• Key evaluation parameters have considered matters specific 
to Islamic Finance and includes critical areas for Board’s 
oversight such as Crisis Management and Business 
Continuity, Digitalisation/Technology and Non-Financial 
Reporting. 
 
• The questionnaire was developed to meet the broad 
objectives of the MCCG. 
 
The Board Effectiveness Evaluation Report for the year 2022 
indicated that the Board is able to fulfil all responsibilities in 
providing oversight of MBSB as demonstrated through effective 
contribution and commitment by individual Directors. The Board 
also has common shared values and purposes i.e. independence 
and integrity, objectivity and transparency, and value creation in 
the best interest of all stakeholders. The Board was led by a 
strong, experienced and effective Chairman, the late Tan Sri 
Azlan, who encouraged open, frank and robust discussion with 
constructive interaction among Directors during Board meetings. 
 
The Board Effectiveness Evaluation Report also indicated that the 
Board Committees have provided satisfactory support and value 
to the Board in which the Board Committees have effectively 
discharged their functions and duties.  
 
The Board has also conducted an annual assessment on 
Independent Directors in 2023 and are satisfied that all 
Independent Directors are independent of management and free 
of any interest, position, association, or other relationships that 
might materially influence the Independent Directors’ capacity to 
provide independent judgment and act in the best interests of the 
Group and its stakeholders. 
 
The NRC has also assessed the performance of Directors who 
were subject to re-election at the Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”). The assessment for the re-election of director had taken 
into account the service tenure of the directors in accordance 
with the Board Charter. The recommendations by NRC were 
submitted to the respective Board for a decision on the proposed 
re-election of the Directors for shareholders’ approval at the 
AGM. 
 
The fit and proper assessments are also conducted annually for 
each Director to ensure that the Directors fulfil the fit and proper 
criteria at all times. 
 
As per the Board Charter, the Independent Directors’ tenure shall 
not exceed a cumulative period of nine (9) years except under 
exceptional circumstances or as part of a transitional 
arrangement towards full implementation of succession plans 
subject to BNM approval. 
 
For the year under review, none of the Independent Directors of 
MBSB has served for more than nine (9) years in the MBSB 
Group. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 128

---- Page 131 ----
Section 05Our Governance
129
Board Remuneration  
 
The Board has established a Directors Remuneration Framework 
which is tailored to support the strategies and long-term vision 
of the Group as well as provide adequate motivational incentive 
for Directors to pursue long-term growth and success of the 
Group. The NRC is responsible for reviewing the Directors’ 
remuneration on an annual basis prior to making its 
recommendations to the Board for approval.  
 
The NRC is responsible for ensuring that the Directors’ 
remuneration for MBSB Group is competitive and aligned with 
industry practices. The NRC will determine and recommend 
remuneration for the respective Board after giving due 
consideration to all factors including the Directors fiduciary 
duties, time commitments expected of the Directors, company’s 
performance, market conditions as well as the compensation 
level for comparable positions among other similar Malaysian 
public listed companies and similar sized financial institutions.  
 
With the Companies Act, 2016, BNM guidelines, MCCG and 
MMLR in place, the duties and responsibilities of Board have 
become onerous. As a result, the expectations of the Board 
Committees have increased. The Board Committees of MBSB 
are also carrying out the oversight responsibilities, particularly in 
ensuring that the Group complies with BNM guidelines.  
 
The NRC had appointed an external consultant in 2019 to review 
the remuneration structure of Directors for both MBSB and MBSB 
Bank to ensure that the current remuneration structure 
commensurate with the respective Directors’ responsibilities. 
 
Although the external consultant in the 2019 report had 
recommended an adjustment to align the remuneration of 
Directors with similar entities in the financial sector, the Board 
had not recommended any increase until 2023. The NRC and the 
Board had recommended an increase of Directors fee by 
RM15,000 per annum from the date of 53rd AGM i.e. 27 June 
2023 until the next AGM in 2024. 
 
The resolutions on Directors' fees structure and benefits payable 
to Directors were tabled and approved at the 53rd AGM on  
27 June 2023. 
Board Training 
 
The Board has established a Directors Orientation and Training 
Guidelines to encourage the Board members to attend 
continuous training to enable the Directors to discharge their 
duties effectively. 
 
The Board through NRC has also evaluated and identified the 
training requirement for directors in 2023 based on the feedback 
received in the Board Effectiveness Evaluation. NRC 
recommended and the Board has approved the following  
in-house training programmes for 2023:- 
 
1. Market Outlook  
2. ESG/Sustainability 
3. Cybersecurity, Disruptive in Technology and Digitalisation 
4. Islamic Banking 
5. Transformation/Change Management 
6. Investment Banking 
 
The Company Secretaries are also required to ensure that the 
Directors of MBSB to attend mandatory certification programmes 
within the stipulated timeline; such as the Mandatory 
Accreditation Programme (“MAP”), Financial Institutions Directors 
Education Programme (“FIDE”) and Islamic Finance for Board of 
Directors Training Programme ("IF4BOD") organised by 
International Shariʽah Research Academy (“ISRA”). 
 
The newly appointed directors of MBSB i.e. Tan Sri Abdul 
Rahman bin Mamat and Datuk Yasmin  Binti Mahmood have 
attended the Mandatory Accreditation Programme (“MAP”) as 
required by Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. 
 
The Company Secretaries have arranged four directors to attend 
MAP Part II: Leading for Impact (LIP)  as required by Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad in 2023. 
 
The Directors have also attended various programmes, 
conferences, seminars, and dialogues focusing on corporate 
governance, leadership, ESG, audit, accounting and risk 
management. 
Refer to Practice 6.1 of MBSB CG Report 2023 for details of the list of 
programmes/ conferences/ seminars/ dialogues attended by the Board of 
MBSB.Refer to Practice 7.2 of MBSB CG Report 2023 for details of the Directors’ 
fees structure and benefits payable to the directors of MBSB.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 129

---- Page 132 ----
130
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
OVERVIEW STATEMENT
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
B.   EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
Audit Committees 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the MBSB’s Audit Committee (“AC”) 
comprises of three (3) Independent Non-Executive Directors. The 
AC is chaired by Encik Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad (“Encik 
Halim”). Encik Halim is an Associate Member of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants England and Wales (“ICAEW”) and a 
member of the MIA. 
 
None of the AC members was a former key audit partner in the 
past three years. 
 
The AC is also responsible for reviewing and monitoring external 
auditors’ suitability and independence annually. The External 
Audit Policy and Procedures, and BNM’s Guidelines on External 
Auditors guide both AC on the assessment of external auditors. 
The assessment covered a wide spectrum of matters such as 
performance, suitability, independence and objectivity of the 
external auditors, based on qualifying criteria for the appointment 
of auditors and terms of audit engagements. 
 
In 2023, the AC and the Board have assessed the performance 
of the external auditor, Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT 
(“PwC”) for the financial year 2023. The AC and the Board were 
satisfied with the performance and the quality of the deliverables 
by PwC. The AC and the Board were also satisfied with their 
review that the non-audit services provided by PwC and its 
affiliates in financial year 2022, which did not in any way impair 
their objectivity and independence as external auditors of the 
Group. On the recommendation by AC, the Board has approved 
the submission of the application to reappoint PwC as External 
Auditors of MBSB for financial year 2023 to the regulator.  
 
The regulator had approved the application for the reappointment 
of PwC as External Auditors of MBSB.  
 
A resolution to reappoint PwC as External Auditors of MBSB was 
tabled at the 53rd AGM on 27 June 2023. The resolution was duly 
passed. 
 
Risk Management and Internal Control Framework 
 
The Board plays a pivotal role in instituting a robust risk 
management and internal control governance structure. This 
structure is crucial in setting the tone and culture for effective risk 
management and internal control throughout the organisation. To 
enhance its risk and control oversight responsibilities, the Board 
has established key committees, including the Risk Management 
Committee (“RMC”), and the Audit Committee (“AC”). These 
committees are entrusted with overseeing matters related to risk, 
compliance, and controls, respectively. 
 
The Board regards risk management as an integral part of 
business operations and has ensured that there is an ongoing 
process of identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling, and 
reporting the significant risks that may affect the achievement of 
the business objectives. The risk control structure and processes 
that have been instituted throughout MBSB Group are reviewed 
and updated from time to time to strengthen and tighten the 
relevant internal controls, consistent with MBSB Group and 
industry practices. 
 
 
The risk strategy of MBSB Group focuses on the fundamental 
principles with respect to MBSB Group's risk appetite while 
balancing the need for competitive return on equity to improve 
the capital base. The risk strategies for the year ended  
31 December 2023 focused on the following: 
 
•Promoting Risk Awareness: Enhancing risk knowledge of 
staff, including policies and / or procedures, by organising 
engagement sessions and / or briefings between the Risk 
Management Division (“RMD”) and business and support 
units. 
 
• Improve Asset Quality:  Thematic review on the property 
financing portfolio to identify high risk segments and areas 
for improvement, enhancement to the retail and corporate 
credit scorecard, increased integration of climate risk 
management into the credit assessment process, 
enhancement on the risk acceptance criteria for more 
effective credit risk management. 
 
• Integration of Climate Risk Management: Incorporating 
Climate Risk Management into MBSB Group's risk appetite, 
frameworks, policies, and procedures and establishment of 
Group Climate Risk Management Policy. 
 
Refer to the Report of the Audit Committee for more information on our 
audit committee and internal audit function.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 130

---- Page 133 ----
Section 05Our Governance
131
• IT Compliance and Security Strengthening: Ensuring 
compliance with regulatory requirements related to 
Information Technology (IT) infrastructure and enhancing IT 
security within MBSB Group. 
 
• Enhancing Risk Management Capabilities: This includes 
tools, processes, and reports, as well as implementing 
system and software upgrades to foster both sound risk 
management practices and effective and efficient risk 
monitoring. 
 
• Review of Internal Policies and Procedures:  Enhancing 
and updating risk management policies and procedures to 
reflect market changes, products, and regulatory 
environment to ensure that the policies stay relevant and our 
risk profile remains prudent and within the risk appetite of 
MBSB Group. 
 
• Post-Merger Harmonisation: Proactively initiating efforts 
at the preliminary post-merger stage to harmonise risk 
management processes, establishing the groundwork for a 
unified approach between the merging entities. 
 
The Board, through the RMC, provides oversight over the risk 
management activities within MBSB Group to ensure that MBSB 
Group’s risk management processes are functioning effectively. 
The risk governance framework of MBSB Group is established 
to promote active involvement from the Board, RMC, and relevant 
Management Committees in the risk management process to 
ensure effective management of risk within MBSB Group. A 
similar risk governance framework is also established at the 
relevant operating entities within MBSB Group.   
 
The risk governance framework includes delegation of authority 
from the Board to Management Committees, as well as risk 
controls established for material activities, ensuring MBSB Group 
operates within the risk appetite. To support the Board, RMC, and 
the relevant Management Committees in discharging their 
oversight over risk, the responsibility within MBSB Group in 
addressing and managing the risk is clearly assigned through a 
“three lines of defence model”. 
 
MBSB Group’s risk management framework requires robust risk 
management practices that are integrated in the key strategic, 
capital, financial planning processes, including new products or 
new business activities as well as day-to-day business process 
across MBSB Group, thereby ensuring risks are appropriately 
considered, evaluated, and responded to in a timely manner.   
 
The Board confirms that the system of risk management and 
internal control, with the key elements highlighted above, was in 
place during the financial year. The system is subjected to regular 
reviews, and the Board believes that the system of risk 
management and internal control is sound and sufficient to 
safeguard shareholders' investments and MBSB Group's assets. 
Shariah Governance 
 
MBSB Bank strives to hold the banner of Islamic banking to the 
highest standards, and to ensure that its operations, business 
affair, and activities at all times comply with Shariah and in 
accordance with the Islamic Financial Services Act 2013 (“IFSA”). 
 
MBSB Bank is governed by its Shariah Governance Policy 
established by the SAC and in line with the Shariah guidelines 
issued by BNM. All other policies and procedures are reviewed 
and approved by the SAC or its delegates.  
   
SAC performs an oversight role on all matters related to the 
operations, business, affairs and activities of the Bank to ensure 
that the Bank functions in accordance with the requirements of 
Shariah. 
  
SAC is required to report to the Board of MBSB Bank as it 
performs its duties in overseeing the overall Shariah matters of 
MBSB Bank. In accordance with Section 5.1 of the Shariah 
Governance Policy of MBSB Bank (“SGP of MBSB Bank”), the 
Board of MBSB Bank provides oversight and is accountable on 
Shariah governance and compliance within the Bank. 
 
In addition, the key responsibility for the Management of MBSB 
Bank is to ensure that MBSB Bank’s operations, business, affairs 
and activities comply, at all times, with Shariah as outlined in 
Section 5.3 of SGP of MBSB Bank.  
 
All existing policies and procedures of MBSB Bank are required 
to be reviewed and approved by the SAC or its Delegates to 
ensure compliance with the requirements of Shariah.  
 
Please refer to the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control 
for more information on our risk management and internal control 
framework
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 131

---- Page 134 ----
132
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
OVERVIEW STATEMENT
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
SAC Responsibilities 
  
The roles and responsibilities of the SAC in monitoring MBSB 
Bank’s activities include, but are not limited to the following:  
 
a) SAC is guided by its Terms of Reference that sets out the 
mandate, responsibilities and procedures of SAC including 
matters reserved for its decision or advice; 
 
b) SAC has the responsibility to provide objective and sound 
advice to the Bank to ensure that its aims and operations, 
business, affairs and activities are in compliance with the 
requirements of Shariah. This includes- 
 
i. providing a decision or advice to the Bank on the 
application of any rulings of the Shariah Advisory 
Council of BNM (“SAC of BNM”) standards on Shariah 
matters that are applicable to the operations, business, 
affairs and activities of the Bank; 
ii. providing a decision or advice on matters which require 
a reference to be made to SAC of BNM; 
iii. pr oviding a decision or advice on the operations, 
business, affairs and activities of the Bank which may 
trigger a Shariah non-compliance event; 
iv. deliberating and affirming Shariah non-compliance 
findings by any relevant functions; and 
v. endorsing rectification measures to address any 
Shariah non-compliance events. 
 
c) SAC is accountable for the quality, accuracy and soundness 
of its own decisions or advice; 
 
d) SAC has a robust methodology to guide its decision-making 
process and must take into account relevant business and 
risk practices in arriving at a decision or advice. 
 
e) SAC has direct access to update the Board of MBSB Bank 
immediately if there are any Shariah issues or matters that 
may affect the safety and soundness of the Bank; 
 
f) SAC may appropriately consider referring issues to SAC of 
BNM for advice on any particular matter; 
 
g) SAC has an operating procedure to delegate appropriate 
mandates to qualified officers and review their performance. 
 
h) SAC is accountable for ensuring consistency in providing 
views and must not act in a manner that would undermine 
the rulings of SAC of BNM or any decisions of the Bank’s 
SAC; 
 
i) SAC is kept abreast of the market and regulatory 
developments; 
 
j) Each SAC member is accountable for his judgment in 
arriving at a Shariah decision or advice and is not affected 
by his other professional commitment; 
 
k) Each SAC member is accountable to devote sufficient time 
to prepare for and attend SAC meetings; 
 
l) Each SAC member is accountable to disclose the nature 
and extent of their interest that constitutes or gives rise to a 
conflict or potential conflict of interest upon the 
appointment, reappointment or as soon as there is any 
change in his circumstances that may affect their status; 
 
m) Each SAC member is free from any undue influences that 
may hamper the member from exercising their professional 
objectivity and independence in deliberating issues brought 
before them. 
 
Shariah Control Functions 
 
To ensure the operations and business activities of MBSB Bank 
remain consistent with Shariah principles and its requirements, 
MBSB Bank has established its own internal Shariah Control 
Functions, which consists of Shariah Audit under Internal Audit 
Division, Shariah Compliance Review under Compliance Division 
as well as Shariah Risk under Risk Management Division. All the 
Shariah control functions shall act independently and ensure the 
integration of compliance management and be able to provide 
an independent evaluation of its overall business decisions and 
strategies. 
 
Composition of SAC 
 
Pursuant to Section 13.2 of the Shariah Governance Policy 
Document (“SGPD”) which requires Islamic Financial Institutions 
(“IFIs”) to have at least five (5) members and the member must 
not accept any appointment in more than one (1) licensed Islamic 
bank, one (1) licensed takaful operator and one (1) prescribed 
institution. In addition, a SAC member must not serve the same 
IFIs for more than nine (9) years. 
 
As of 31 December 2023, MBSB Bank’s SAC comprises six (6) 
members that have diverse backgrounds, experience, and 
knowledge. Each SAC member is an expert in his or her 
respective specialised field, such as fatwa, Islamic banking, 
legality and so on. Their qualifications, expertise, and extensive 
experience in academia and industry support the SAC's 
deliberations on Shariah-related issues. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 132

---- Page 135 ----
Section 05Our Governance
133
Appointment and Reappointment  of SAC 
 
The appointment and reappointment of SAC members is subject 
to assessment and evaluation adopted by MBSB Bank and 
meets all requirements specified in Section 12 of SGPD. The 
Board of MBSB Bank shall, on the recommendation of the Board 
Nominating and Remuneration Committee (“BNRC”), approve the 
appointment of the members of SAC. Following the Board of 
MBSB Bank approval, a proposed candidate must obtain written 
approval and endorsement from BNM at least three (3) months 
before assuming his/her responsibilities. In the case of 
reappointment, the application must be submitted three (3) 
months before the SAC member's tenure expires. 
 
Resignation and Termination of the Shariah Committee 
 
Where a Shariah committee member resigns or is disqualified 
pursuant to the relevant sections in SGPD, Sections 33(2) and 
34(1) of the IFSA impose obligations on MBSB Bank and SAC 
member to notify BNM of that fact and its reason immediately or 
in any cases no later than fourteen (14) days of such 
circumstance. For the purposes of the termination application, 
MBSB Bank must provide justifications as well as an assessment 
of such member's performance to BNM. 
 
Evaluation 
 
SAC evaluation is carried out annually under the guidance of the 
Board of MBSB Bank to assess the performance and 
effectiveness of SAC. The assessment must consider the 
competence, knowledge and contribution of each SAC member 
to the overall functioning of the SAC. The results of the 
assessments are tabled and reviewed in the BNRC meeting prior 
to deliberation in the Board of MBSB Bank meeting. 
 
SAC Meetings 
 
SAC meetings shall be held at least once in every two (2) months, 
and it shall be held regularly to ensure that the SAC is kept up to 
date on MBSB Bank’s operations and business and that the 
operations are unaffected by the difficulty in obtaining SAC 
approval for decisions. 
 
For the period of January to December 2023, a total of nineteen 
(19) SAC meetings were held. 
 
The quorum for SAC meetings shall be two - third with majority 
of attending members must be members with Shariah 
background. MBSB Bank shall ensure that any decision of SAC 
must be made based on simple majority. One (1) Board member 
and other Shariah control function representatives also attend the 
meetings. The presence of the Board members, however, has no 
effect on the SAC members' independent deliberation in making 
informed decisions. 
 
Training  
 
SAC shall undergo continuous training to enhance the skills and 
knowledge on the relevant new laws and regulations  to keep 
abreast with developments in the financial services industry. SAC 
members are at various stages of completing their Certified 
Shariah Advisor (CSA) and Certified Shariah Practitioner (CSP) 
qualifications, organised by the Association of Shariah Advisors 
in Islamic Finance (ASAS). Some members have successfully 
completed the courses, while others are actively progressing 
through the programme. 
 
Remuneration 
 
In line with Sections 2.1.1 and 2.1.4 of Remuneration Framework 
for Shariah Advisory Committee states that the remuneration for 
SAC members shall be determined and recommended to BNRC 
for further recommendation to the Board of MBSB Bank for 
approval after giving due consideration on all relevant factors 
including the SAC members' function, workload, responsibilities, 
fiduciary duties, time commitments expected from SAC 
members, performance, market conditions, as well as the 
compensation level for comparable positions among other IFIs in 
Malaysia. The quantum and structure of remunerations for SAC 
members shall be reviewed by BNRC on a two (2) years basis or 
as and when required, and shall subsequently be recommended 
to the Board of MBSB Bank for approval. The remuneration 
includes monthly fees, meeting allowances and other benefits 
such as training funds. 
 
Similar to MBSB Bank, there is a SAC in MIDF Group. As part of 
the post-merger exercise, the composition of the SAC would be 
harmonised to ensure consistency and promote robust 
deliberations on Shariah related matters. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 133

---- Page 136 ----
134
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
OVERVIEW STATEMENT
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
C.   INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS 
 
Communication with Stakeholders 
 
MBSB is committed in providing investors and stakeholders with high-quality information in a timely manner. MBSB actively engages 
all its stakeholders through various platforms including the announcements via BursaLINK, disclosures on the MBSB website and 
engagement through the investor relations function.  
 
MBSB is committed in maintaining an open communication with analysts, investors, and regulators through physical and online 
platforms to promote better understanding of the Group’s financial performance, operations and other matters affecting shareholders’ 
interests. Furthermore, communication with employees, customers and other communities were largely conveyed through website 
and social media.  
 
The GCEO, alongside the Group Chief Financial Officer, leads a comprehensive programme of discussions, dialogues, and briefings 
targeted at fund managers, financial analysts, and the media. These interactions are scheduled as necessary, particularly following 
the release of the Group’s quarterly financial results to Bursa Malaysia. This engagement aims to promote a better understanding of 
the Group’s financial performance, operations, and other matters affecting shareholders’ interests. 
 
Furthermore, throughout the year, MBSB has been proactively engaging in various Investor Relations activities to ensure that both 
institutional and retail investors are well-informed and aligned with the Group's objectives. This approach is not only about enhancing 
transparency and building trust but also about making relevant and accessible information available to investors, thereby foste ring 
an environment of clarity and openness. 
 
To further enhance MBSB’s corporate reporting, MBSB has embarked on the Integrated Reporting journey in 2020 and continued 
the progress in 2023 using the internationally recognised framework - the International Integrated Reporting Council’s Integrated 
Reporting Framework. MBSB aims to demonstrate its commitment to long-term value creation for stakeholders and improve its 
decision-making process by adopting the “integrated thinking” concept of the <IR> Framework. 
 
Refer to Sustainability Report (“Engaging our stakeholders” section) for more information on our stakeholder engagements in 2023 
and the list of stakeholders’ interests and concerns. 
 
MBSB’s website, which can be found at http://www.mbsb.com.my, provides updated information on the corporate and business 
aspects of the Group. Media releases, announcements to Bursa Malaysia, analysts’ briefings and quarterly results of the Group are 
also made available on MBSB’s website. This helps to promote accessibility of information to MBSB’s shareholders and all other 
market participants. All details of the corporate events carried out by the Group are also available on MBSB’s website as well as 
MBSB Bank and MIDF’s website, which can be found at https://www.mbsbbank.com and https://www.midf.com.my respectively. 
 
The Group has developed the Corporate Disclosure Policy, which sets out the policies and procedures for disclosing all material 
information to be released to the public. 
 
Stakeholders are welcome and encouraged to drop us an email at enquiry@mbsbbank.com for any inquiries. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 134

---- Page 137 ----
Section 05Our Governance
135
Conduct of General Meeting 
 
The AGM of MBSB is the principal forum for dialogue and 
interaction with the shareholders.  
 
MBSB conducted a virtual general meeting for its 53rd AGM held 
on 27 June 2023 using the Remote Participation and Voting 
(“RPV”) facilities provided by Tricor Investor & Issuing House 
Services Sdn. Bhd.  (“Tricor”) via its TIIH Online website. The RPV 
facilities allow shareholders to submit any question in advance 
and attend the meeting remotely and pose questions to the Board 
and Management. The RPV facilities also allow shareholders to 
vote remotely and vote in absentia. 
 
MBSB also held a virtual Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) 
on 27 July 2023 and a virtual Court-Convened Meeting (“CCM”) 
on 24 November 2023.  
 
All directors of MBSB including the Chair of the Board 
Committees and the GCEO participated in the 53rd AGM, EGM 
and CCM. 
 
The Board allows shareholders to submit questions using the 
RPV facilities provided by Tricor via its TIIH Online website prior 
to the AGM, EGM and CCM to allow shareholders sufficient time  
to pose questions to the Board and the Management. The guide 
to submit question in advance is stated in the Administrative 
Guide which was sent together with the notice of meeting.  
 
A total of 1,324 shareholders/ proxies attended the 53rd AGM, 
822 shareholders/ proxies attended the EGM and 788 
shareholders/ proxies attended the CCM, all using the RPV 
facilities. 
 
53rd AGM 
 
During the 53rd AGM, the GCEO at the material time, Datuk Nor 
Azam M. Taib, presented the Group’s financial performance in 
2022, business plan and core strategies for 2023 to the 
shareholders before proceeding with the business of the meeting. 
The GCEO then presented the responses to questions submitted 
in advance of the AGM by the Minority Shareholder Watch Group 
(“MSWG”) and responded to a total of 30 questions submitted 
by the shareholders in advance. 
 
The Chairman of the Meeting also invited remote participants to 
submit live question using the query box via RPV during the AGM 
to give opportunities for remote participants to enquire on 
MBSB’s financial statements, proposed resolutions and other 
items to promote better understanding of the Group’s financial 
performance, operations and other matters affecting 
shareholders’ interests before proceeding with the voting of the 
resolutions. The Question and Answer session was about  
40 minutes and the Management and the Board responded to  
39 live questions submitted by remote participants during the 
AGM.  In addition, the senior management, external auditors, and 
other advisors were available to provide answers and 
clarifications to shareholders. All questions submitted by the 
shareholders were made visible to all meeting participants. 
 
EGM 
 
During the EGM, the GCEO at the material time, Encik Rafe 
Haneef, presented the overview and rationale of the proposed 
acquisition of Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad 
(“MIDF”) (“Proposed Acquisition”) before proceeding with the 
business of the meeting. The GCEO then presented the 
responses to questions submitted in advance of the EGM by the 
MSWG and responded to a total of 15 questions submitted by 
the shareholders in advance. 
 
The Chairman of the Meeting also invited remote participants to 
submit live question using the query box via RPV during the EGM 
to give opportunities for remote participants to enquire on the 
Proposed Acquisition and other matters affecting shareholders’ 
interests before proceeding with the voting of the resolutions. The 
Question and Answer session was about 40 minutes and 
Management and the Board responded to 36 live questions 
submitted by remote participants during the EGM.  In addition, the 
senior management and advisors were available to provide 
answers and clarifications to shareholders. All questions submitted 
by the shareholders were made visible to all meeting participants. 
 
CCM 
 
During the CCM, the GCEO at the material time, Encik Rafe Haneef, 
presented the overview and rationale of the proposed disposal of 
MBSB’s residual asset and liability (loans and non-financial 
subsidiaries) to Emerald Unity Sdn. Bhd. , a special purpose vehicle 
by way of a scheme of arrangement pursuant to Section 366 and 
Section 370 of the Companies Act, 2016 (“Proposed Scheme”) 
before proceeding with the business of the meeting. The GCEO 
then presented the responses to questions submitted in advance 
of the CCM by the MSWG and responded to a total of 19 questions 
submitted by the shareholders in advance. 
 
The Chairman of the Meeting also invited remote participants to 
submit live question using the query box via RPV during the CCM 
to give opportunities for remote participants to enquire on the 
Proposed Scheme and other matters affecting shareholders’ 
interests before proceeding with the voting of the resolutions. The 
Question and Answer session was about 10 minutes and 
Management and the Board responded to 12 live questions 
submitted by remote participants during the CCM.  In addition, 
the senior management and advisors were available to provide 
answers and clarifications to shareholders. All questions 
submitted by the shareholders were made visible to all meeting 
participants. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 135

---- Page 138 ----
136
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
OVERVIEW STATEMENT
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Due to time constraints, not all questions could be answered during the general meetings. For questions that were not answered in 
the meeting, the Management e-mailed the responses to the respective shareholders after the general meetings. 
 
The Board appointed Coopers Professional Scrutineers Sdn. Bhd.  (“CPS”) to act as an Independent Observer during the general 
meetings to ensure that questions received before and during the meetings were addressed and answered during or after the meetings 
by the Board and the Management.  
 
CPS had reviewed all questions received before and during the general meetings and confirmed that all questions had been addressed 
and answered by the Board and the Management. 
 
The notice and agenda of general meetings together with the proxy form were given to shareholders in line with the regulatory 
requirements to allow shareholders sufficient time to attend the general meetings remotely or by proxy. Each item of special business 
included in the notice of general meetings was accompanied by an explanatory statement on the effects of a proposed resolution. 
 
The voting for the general meetings were conducted with poll voting, and were conducted through RPV facilities. The RPV facilities 
also allow shareholders and members to login and cast their votes electronically in advance of the general meeting.  
 
D.  KEY FOCUS AREAS AND FUTURE PRIORITIES  
 
Moving forward, MBSB Group is committed to establish Sustainability Commitments and implementing Net Zero strategy. Supporting 
Net Zero Strategy, MBSB Group would continue to assist our customers in their decarbonisation strategy via our recently developed 
Relationship Manager’s (RMs) Sector Playbook and to establish a Sustainable and Transition Finance Framework to further assist 
our RMs in this journey.  
 
This CG Overview Statement and CG Report 2023 were approved by the Board of Directors of MBSB on 27 March 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 136

---- Page 139 ----
Section 05Our Governance
137
ADDITIONAL 
COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
Utilisation of Proceeds Raised from any Corporate Proposal 
 
There was no proceeds raised from any corporate proposal in the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
Audit and Non-Audit Fees 
  
Apart from the annual audit fees, the Group has incurred other assurance related fees and non-audit fees paid or payable to external 
auditors of the Company, Messrs PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT or its affiliates for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    Group              Company 
                                                                                                                                                                  (RM’000)             (RM’000)  
 
  Fees paid/payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT 
                                                                                                                                                                   
  - Audit fees                                                                                                                                                 1,964                    483 
 
  Regulatory related 
                                                                                                                                                                   
  - Limited financial review for 9-months period ended 30 September 2023                                                255                       45 
 
  - Review of Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control.                                                             11                        11 
 
  - Review of Liquidity Coverage Ratio                                                                                                          220                        - 
 
  Non audit fees 
                                                                                                                                                                   
  - Recovery Plan                                                                                                                                           120                        - 
 
  - Accounting advisory                                                                                                                                  150                      150 
 
  - Tax compliance                                                                                                                                          106                       13 
 
  - Capital allowance maximization                                                                                                                 95                         - 
 
  Total                                                                                                                                                           2,921                    702 
 
Material Contracts with Related Parties 
 
Save as disclosed in Note 41 to the financial statements, there was no other material contracts subsisting at the end of the financial 
year or entered into since the end of the previous financial year by the Company and its subsidiaries which involve interests o f the 
Directors, GCEO and major shareholders. 
 
Dividend Payment Policy 
 
The Company has adopted a 30% dividend payment ratio on profit after tax. 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 137

---- Page 140 ----
138
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board of Directors (the Board) of Malaysia Building Society Berhad (MBSB or the Company) and its subsidiaries (MBSB Group 
or the Group) is pleased to present the following Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control (SORMIC) which outlines the 
key features of MBSB Group's risk management and internal control system during the year under review. 
 
The SORMIC is prepared in accordance with the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG), paragraph 15.26(b) of the Main 
Market Listing Requirements issued by Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa), guided by the “Statement on Risk Management 
and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuers”.  
 
 
RISK OVERVIEW 
 
The risk strategy of MBSB Group focuses on the fundamental principles with respect to MBSB Group's risk appetite while balancing 
the need for competitive return on equity to improve the capital base. The risk strategies for the year ended 31 December 2023 
focused on the following: 
 
•Promoting Risk Awareness: Enhancing risk knowledge of staff, including policies and/or procedures, by organising engagement 
sessions and / or briefings between the Risk Management Division (RMD) and business and support units. 
 
• Improve Asset Quality : Thematic review on the property financing portfolio to identify high risk segments and areas for 
improvement, enhancement to the retail and corporate credit scorecard, increased integration of climate risk management into 
the credit assessment process, enhancement on the risk acceptance criteria for more effective credit risk management. 
 
• Integration of Climate Risk Management : Incorporating Climate Risk Management into MBSB Group's risk appetite, 
frameworks, policies, and procedures. 
 
• IT Compliance and Security Strengthening : Ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements related to Information 
Technology (IT) infrastructure and enhancing IT security within MBSB Group. 
 
• Enhancing Risk Management Capabilities: This includes tools, processes, and reports, as well as implementing system and 
software upgrades to foster both sound risk management practices and effective and efficient risk monitoring. 
 
• Review of Internal Policies and Procedures : Enhancing and updating risk management policies and procedures to reflect 
market changes, products, and regulatory environment to ensure that the policies stay relevant and our risk profile remains 
prudent and within the risk appetite of MBSB Group. 
 
• Post-Merger Harmonisation: Proactively initiating efforts at the preliminary post-merger stage to harmonise risk management 
processes, establishing the groundwork for a unified approach between the merging entities. 
 
 
RISK GOVERNANCE 
 
MBSB Group Chief Executive Officer (GCEO), Group Chief Financial Officer (GCFO), Group Chief Risk Officer (GCRO) and Group 
Chief Compliance Officer (GCCO) have confirmed that MBSB Group's risk management and internal control system is operating 
adequately and effectively, in all material aspects during the financial year under review and up to the date of approval of the SORMIC 
for inclusion in the Integrated Annual Report, based on the risk management and internal control system adopted by MBSB Group. 
The Management continues to take measures to strengthen the control environment. These principles are similarly applied across 
the respective operating entities within the MBSB Group. 
 
BOARD RESPONSIBILITY 
 
The Board affirms its commitment to establishing and maintaining a robust risk management and internal control system within 
MBSB Group. It acknowledges its overarching responsibility for regularly reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk 
management and internal controls systems, ensuring they identify, assess, and address risks that may impede the achievement of 
MBSB Group's objectives. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 138

---- Page 141 ----
Section 05Our Governance
139
One of the Board's key responsibilities is the establishment of MBSB Group's risk appetite, defining the types and levels of ri sks 
MBSB Group is willing to accept in pursuit of its business and strategic goals. Actively engaged in MBSB Group's strategic 
endeavours, the Board ensures that corresponding risks are meticulously mitigated within the approved risk appetite. 
 
Recognising the inherent limitations of any risk management and internal control system, the Board acknowledges that such systems 
can provide reasonable, rather than absolute, assurance against material financial misstatement, fraud, or losses. 
 
The Board plays a pivotal role in instituting a robust risk management and internal control governance structure. This structure is 
crucial in setting the tone and culture for effective risk management and internal control throughout the organisation. To enhance its 
risk and control oversight responsibilities, the Board has established key committees, including the Risk Management Committee 
(RMC), and the Audit Committee of the Board (AC). These committees are entrusted with overseeing matters related to risk, 
compliance, and controls, respectively. 
 
Additionally, a parallel risk governance framework exists within the relevant operating entities of MBSB Group. Any reference to these 
committees at MBSB Group level equally applies to their counterparts at individual operating entities within MBSB Group. This 
ensures a unified and aligned approach to risk management across the entire MBSB Group. 
 
The Board committees diligently update the Board on a periodic basis, providing comprehensive insights into their work, key 
deliberations, and decisions on delegated matters. This collaborative approach ensures a well-informed and proactive stance, 
reinforcing the commitment to a culture of effective risk management and internal control within MBSB Group. 
 
MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY 
 
The Management is accountable to the Board and is overall responsible for implementing MBSB Group's policies and processes to 
identify, measure, monitor, control, and report on risks, and ascertain the effectiveness of internal control systems, taking the 
appropriate and timely remedial action as required. The role of the Management includes: 
 
•Identifying and Evaluating Risks : Assessing risks relevant to MBSB Group's business, along with the pursuit of business 
objectives and strategies. 
 
• Formulating Policies and Procedures : Creating relevant policies and procedures to manage these risks in alignment with 
MBSB Group’s strategic vision and overall risk appetite. 
 
• Designing, Implementing, and Monitoring Systems : Developing, executing, and overseeing an effective risk management 
and internal control system. 
 
• Implementing Remedial Actions: Addressing compliance deficiencies as directed by the Board. 
 
• Timely Reporting to the Board : Reporting promptly to the Board about changes to risks or emerging risks and the 
corresponding corrective and mitigation actions taken. 
 
Refer to Part B of the CG Report 2023 for further details on the various Board Committees and the attendance of meetings held d uring the year and refer to the 
CG Overview Statement for the Leadership and Governance Structure.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 139

---- Page 142 ----
140
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
INTERNAL CONTROL
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
Overview 
 
The Board regards risk management as an integral part of business operations and confirm that there is an ongoing process of 
identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling, and reporting the significant risks that may affect the achievement of the business 
objectives. The risk control structure and processes that have been instituted throughout MBSB Group are reviewed and updated 
from time to time to strengthen and tighten the relevant internal controls, consistent with MBSB Group and industry practices. 
 
MBSB Group has a well-defined organisational structure with clearly delineated lines of accountability, authority and responsibility 
to the Board, its committees, and operating units. Key processes have been established in reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the risk management and internal control system. 
 
Risk Management Framework 
 
Risk management is a cornerstone of MBSB Group’s annual strategic, capital, and financial planning processes.  As an integral part 
of the control functions in providing the check and balance to the strategic planning and business processes, a risk management  
framework (Figure 1) has been put in place to drive a strong risk management culture, practices, and processes. 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Effective
Practices
Risk Culture
Continuous training and awareness programmes
Risk Management
Processes
Enterprise Risk Management Framework
Risk Appetite and Tolerance
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment
Approach to Risk Management Processes
Risk Identification Risk Measurement Risk Monitor Risk Control Risk Profile
Capital 
Adequacy
Credit 
Risk
Market &
Liquidity Risk 
Operational 
Risk
Technology &
Cyber Risk 
Shariah 
Risk
Risk Oversight
Risk Governance
 & Oversight
Risk Management Committee
Management Committee
First Line of Defence
(Business and /or Functional Units)
Second Line of Defence
(Risk & Compliance Functions)
Third Line of Defence
(Audit Function)
Board
Figure 1: Risk Management Framework
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 140

---- Page 143 ----
Section 05Our Governance
141
Risk Governance and Oversight 
 
The Board, through the RMC, provides oversight over the risk 
management activities within MBSB Group to ensure that MBSB 
Group’s risk management processes are functioning effectively. 
The risk governance framework of MBSB Group is established 
to promote active involvement from the Board, RMC, and relevant 
Management Committees in the risk management process to 
ensure effective management of risk within MBSB Group. A 
similar risk governance framework is also established at the 
relevant operating entities within MBSB Group.   
 
The risk governance framework includes delegation of authority 
from the Board to Management Committees as well as risk 
controls established for material activities to MBSB Group 
operates within the risk appetite.  To support the Board, RMC, 
and the relevant Management Committees in discharging their 
oversight over risk, the responsibility within MBSB Group in 
addressing and managing the risk is clearly assigned through a 
“three lines of defence model” (Figure 1). 
 
MBSB Group’s risk governance model establishes a structured, 
transparent, and effective framework, promoting active 
participation from both the Board and Senior Management in the 
risk management process.  This ensures a cohesive perspective 
on risks within MBSB Group, fostering a unified and 
comprehensive understanding across every facet of MBSB 
Group. 
 
MBSB Group’s overall governance structure for risk is 
summarised below, where the equivalent relevant risk 
governance structure is established at the applicable operating 
entities within MBSB Group: 
 
Board and Board Committee: 
 
• Board: MBSB Group’s ultimate governing body with overall 
risk oversight responsibility including defining the 
appropriate governance structure and risk appetite. 
 
• RMC: A Board committee which oversees risk exposures 
and provides oversight on the effective implementation of 
risk management strategies, risk appetite, frameworks, 
policies, and procedures related to credit risk, market risk, 
liquidity risk, IT risk, operational risk management, 
compliance risk as well as legal and other material risks. 
 
• Shariah Advisory Committee (SAC):  The SAC provides 
oversight of Shariah matters, ensuring compliance of the 
Islamic business activities with Shariah requirements.  
 
• The similar Board and Board Committees have been 
established at the applicable individual operating entities 
within MBSB Group to have an oversight on the risk 
management and compliance matter. 
 
Management Committees: 
 
• Management Committee (MANCO) : Develops 
comprehensive risk mitigation measures and strategies, as 
well as implements the risk appetite framework across the 
MBSB Group, ensuring the prompt escalation of events that 
significantly impact the financial condition or reputation of 
MBSB Group, thereby prompting appropriate action. The 
committee takes responsibility for identifying, discussing, 
and resolving operational, financial, and key management 
issues. 
 
• Asset Liability Committee (ALCO):  Provides strategic 
direction for MBSB Group in managing capital, assets, and 
liabilities. It also oversees and manages risks, including 
market, liquidity, and profit risks. 
 
• Credit and Rehabilitation Assessment Committee 
(CARAC): Deliberates and approves decisions regarding 
remaining conventional corporate and retail financing within 
the authority limit delegated by the Board. Proposals 
beyond CARAC's authority limit are recommended to the 
Board for approval. 
 
• The Similar Management Committees  have been 
established at the applicable individual operating entities 
within MBSB Group to have an oversight on the risk 
management and compliance matters. 
 
Three Lines of Defence: 
 
First Line of Defence: Responsible for owning and managing 
day-to-day risks inherent in business and / or activities, including 
risk-taking and ensures the business operates within established 
risk strategies, tolerance, appetite, frameworks, policies, and 
procedures. 
 
Second Line of Defence: Tasks include establishing 
frameworks, policies, and procedures, providing overall risk 
governance and independent risk oversight, ensuring compliance 
with applicable laws, regulations, and established policies and 
procedures. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 141

---- Page 144 ----
142
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
INTERNAL CONTROL
Third Line of Defence : The third line of defence provides 
assurance through independent assessment, review, and 
validation. This involves examining the risk management 
framework, policies, and tools to ensure their robustness and 
alignment with both internal and external standards. Additionally, 
the third line assesses the adequacy of controls designed to 
mitigate risks. It also ensures that there is sufficient oversight by 
the second line of defence over the activities of the first line of 
defence. 
 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process Framework 
 
The Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process Framework 
(ICAAPF) ensures that all material risks are identified, measured, 
and reported, and that adequate capital levels consistent with the 
risk profiles, including capital buffers, are maintained to support 
the current and projected demand for capital under existing and 
stressed conditions. For non-measurable risks, a qualitative 
approach is used, and normally, this type of risk is labelled as 
potentially material where the Management's experience and 
judgement are being relied upon in assessing if such risk could 
threaten MBSB Group and its relevant operating entities. 
 
Risk Appetite 
 
Risk Appetite is defined in the ICAAPF as the amount and types 
of risk that MBSB Group can and is willing to accept in pursuit of 
its strategic and business objectives. The development of the risk 
appetite is integrated into the annual strategic planning process 
and is adaptable to the changing business and market 
conditions. As the risk appetite is dynamic, it is set based on the 
business and financial targets while incorporating external factors 
such as macroeconomic factors and the global economic 
outlook. The Board considers the actual and targeted risk profile 
proposed by the Senior Management and business and / or 
functional units when setting the risk appetite. The risk appetite 
is reviewed annually as part of the strategic planning process or 
as and when required due to changing business and market 
conditions. The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) (incorporated 
under the ICAAPF), which articulates the nature, type, and level 
of risk that MBSB Group is willing to assume, is reviewed and 
approved by the Board on an annual basis. Compliance with the 
risk appetite is monitored periodically, and any non-compliance 
to the RAS is reported to the Board. Regular monitoring ensures 
compliance, and any deviations are reported to the Board, 
reinforcing the commitment to effective risk management and 
strategic alignment. 
 
Risk Management Processes 
 
MBSB Group’s risk management framework requires robust risk 
management practices that are integrated in the key strategic, 
capital, financial planning processes, including new products or 
new business activities as well as day-to-day business processes 
across MBSB Group, thereby ensuring risks are appropriately 
considered, evaluated, and responded to in a timely manner.   
 
As risk owners within MBSB Group, the business and functional 
units are required to identify, assess, mitigate, monitor, report, 
and document the controls and processes for managing the risks 
arising from their business activities and operations, as well as 
to assess the effectiveness thereof to ensure that the risks 
identified are adequately managed and mitigated. 
 
MBSB Group employs an effective risk management process: 
Identify, Measure, Monitor and Control as part of MBSB Group’s 
day-to-day activities. 
 
•Risk Identification : Risks are identified by applying the 
Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF) and other 
relevant risk-related policies and procedures. For effective 
risk management, risks must be clearly defined and 
proactively identified.  Proper risk identification focuses on 
recognising and understanding all key risks inherent in the 
business activities and risks that may arise from business 
initiatives or external factors.  Risk identification is an 
ongoing process occurring at both the individual transaction 
and portfolio level to ensure risks are managed and 
controlled within the risk appetite of MBSB Group. 
 
• Risk Measurement: Risk is measured (qualitative and / or 
quantitative) at various levels including, but not limited to, 
risk type, front line unit and on an aggregate basis. These 
metrics are used to assess MBSB Group’s risk profile and 
adherence to MBSB Group’s risk appetite. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 142

---- Page 145 ----
Section 05Our Governance
143
• Risk Monitor: Risk levels, key risk indicators (KRIs) and early warning signals are monitored regularly to track adherence to risk 
appetites, policies, standards, procedures, and processes. Through monitoring, the level of risk can be assessed relative to 
limits and appropriate action can be taken in a timely manner. Any exceptions will be identified, and processes are in place to 
appropriately report and escalate such exceptions. This includes immediate requests for approval from the relevant approving 
authority and alerts to the Senior Management, Management Committees, or the Board (directly or through an appropriate 
committee). 
 
• Risk Control: Risk controls are established and communicated through policies, standards, procedures, and processes that 
define responsibility and authority for risk-taking. The risk controls can be adjusted by the Board or Management Committees 
when conditions or risk tolerances warrant. The lines of business are held accountable to perform within the established risk 
controls which are established to manage risk exposures within MBSB Group’s risk appetite. 
 
Resources and Infrastructure 
 
Effective risk data aggregation and reporting are critical to providing a clear understanding of current and emerging risks and enabling 
proactive and effective management of risk within MBSB Group. Transparency is achieved in MBSB Group’s risk reporting by 
understanding the risk profile (leveraging data, information, and analytics) and by reporting actionable insights and recommendations 
to appropriate levels of MBSB Group. There is an ongoing effort to improve MBSB Group’s risk data aggregation capabilities and 
reporting practices in order to provide accurate, comprehensive, and clear risk information to the intended audiences, which include 
but not limited to the relevant Management and Committees at the applicable operating entities within MBSB Group, at the right 
time to highlight key risks across MBSB Group within the parameters of the overall risk appetite and to support decision making. 
 
Risk Culture 
 
A strong risk culture fosters the mindset and behaviour needed for effective risk management and prudent risk-taking within MBSB 
Group’s defined risk appetite. MBSB Group continuously enhances the risk culture through ongoing training, awareness programme, 
and communications, fostering risk awareness and building skills across MBSB Group. 
 
In addition, Regional Compliance and Risk Officers (RCOROs) and Designated Compliance and Risk Officers (DCOROs) have been 
appointed at applicable operating entities within MBSB Group to cultivate proactive risk and compliance management and to establish 
a robust risk culture. These DCOROs provide real-time advisory on risk and compliance matters. 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 143

---- Page 146 ----
144
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
INTERNAL CONTROL
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Risk  
Management  
Function
Market Risk
Operational Risk
Technology & Cyber Risk
Shariah Risk
Risk Management Division
Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the inability or failure of a client or counterparty 
to meet its obligations. Effective credit risk management involves regular portfolio credit 
monitoring and reporting to detect deteriorating credit trends, develop mitigation 
strategies and measure the effectiveness of actions taken.
Market risk is the risk that changes in market conditions that may adversely impact the value 
of assets or liabilities or otherwise negatively impact earnings whilst liquidity risk is the 
potential inability to meet contractual or contingent financial obligations, either on- or off-
balance sheet, as they come due. The market & liquidity risk management process involves 
identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting of market & liquidity risk.
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people 
and systems, or from external events. Operational risk management involves designing, 
implementing and maintaining an effective policies and procedures across the Bank.
Technology & cyber risk is the risk of potential technology failures and cyber threats that 
may disrupt business activities. Technology & cyber risk management involves in 
identification and assessment of potential threats and the risk associated systems to help 
identify appropriate controls to reduce the risk during the mitigation process.
Shariah risk is the risk due to an event or action that is against the Shariah principles. It can 
occur together with other risk types such as credit risk, capital risk, country risk, reputational 
risk, market risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk and operational risk. The Shariah risk management 
involves in identification, assessment, measurement, monitoring and reporting of any Shariah 
non-compliance risk in the business activities and processes within the Bank.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 144

---- Page 147 ----
Section 05Our Governance
145
The RMD reports functionally to the RMC of MBSB Group and 
administratively to the GCEO. A similar reporting structure is also 
established at the relevant operating entities of MBSB Group. The 
RMD carries out the risk management function and is headed by 
the GCRO where RMD is responsible for communicating the 
material risks that MBSB Group encounters, the risk controls in 
place and plans to manage the risks to the relevant committees 
at the relevant operating entities within MBSB Group. 
 
The RMD provides advice and guidance on the credit, 
operational, technology, market, liquidity, Shariah, Environmental, 
Social, and Governance (ESG) and general business risks. The 
scope of advice serves to manage and control significant risk 
exposures inherent to MBSB Group's business operations and 
covers the identification of significant risks. The RMD is involved 
in all aspects of MBSB Group's activities, including new product 
approvals, credit and limit monitoring, outsourcing processes and 
reviews of process workflows and policies and procedures. 
 
The RMD reviews MBSB Group's compliance to risk limits and 
identifies emerging risk issues and provides reports to the 
relevant Management and Committees at the applicable 
operating entities within MBSB Group according to the 
committees' requirements and the changing business 
environment. 
 
The RMD submits the risk management reports addressing 
MBSB Group's risk exposure, risk portfolio composition and risk 
management activities to relevant committees at the relevant 
operating entities within MBSB Group for their review regularly. 
 
Information Technology Risk Management Framework  
 
MBSB Group endeavours to adopt sound Information 
Technology Risk Management (ITRM) practices based on 
industry best practices. The ITRM Framework is implemented 
with the following objectives: 
 
• Articulate the overall vision, principles, philosophy, 
objectives, and goals of ITRM; 
 
• Provide greater clarity of roles and responsibilities for ITRM 
across the organisation; 
 
• Define a policy for effective management and supervision of 
IT risk; 
 
• Define a policy for IT risk identification, assessment, 
treatment, and monitoring and reporting; 
 
• Integrate and align the management of IT Risk with the 
Operational Risk Management Framework, as well as other 
relevant guidelines, thus allowing well-informed decisions to 
be made about the extent of the risk; 
 
• Promote IT risk awareness and culture and ensure that a 
commitment to IT risk management exists across the 
organisation; 
 
• Foster an organisational climate where information security 
risk is considered within the context of the design of 
business processes, enterprise system architecture and 
system development life cycle; 
 
• Ensure that adequate security controls are implemented to 
protect information assets (confidentiality, integrity, 
availability); and 
 
• Reduce exposure to unexpected losses caused by IT risk. 
 
Employees at all levels must understand their responsibilities and 
are held accountable for managing IT risk, that is, the risk 
associated with the operation and use of information systems 
that support the missions and business functions of MBSB 
Group. 
 
Shariah Governance Framework 
  
The established Shariah Governance Policy at the licensed 
banking entities within MBSB Group sets out the expectations 
for the effective Shariah governance structures, processes and 
arrangements of all business and functions within the applicable 
operating entities within MBSB Group.  
 
The Shariah Governance Policy reflects the responsibility of the 
Board of Directors, Management, SAC and Shariah functions at 
the relevant operating entities within MBSB Group to ensure 
effective management of Shariah Non-Compliance risks.  The 
end-to-end Shariah-compliant governance mechanism is 
executed through the three lines of defence model that cater to 
both pre-execution and post-execution. The three lines of 
defence under the Shariah Governance Policy are as follows: 
 
• First Line of Defence: Business and / or Functional Support 
Unit and Shariah Division; 
 
• Second Line of Defence: Shariah Risk Department and 
Shariah Compliance Review; and 
 
• Third Line of Defence: Shariah Audit. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 145

---- Page 148 ----
146
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
INTERNAL CONTROL
Shariah Non-Compliance Risk 
 
Shariah Non-Compliance risk refers to the risk of legal or 
regulatory sanctions, financial loss or non-financial implications, 
including reputational damage, which the relevant operating 
entities within MBSB Group may suffer arising from the failure to 
comply with the rulings of the Shariah Advisory Council of BNM, 
standards on Shariah matters issued by BNM pursuant to section 
29(1) of the Islamic Financial Services Act (IFSA), or decisions or 
advice of MBSB Bank’s SAC.  
 
Various controls and initiatives have been implemented to ensure 
Shariah compliance, create Shariah awareness and educate  
employees on the importance of Shariah requirements and 
compliance surveillance.  Such controls and initiatives include, 
but not limited to: 
 
• On-going identification, assessment, monitoring and 
controlling of Shariah Non-Compliance risk as set out in the 
Shariah Governance Policy as well as other policies and 
procedures to ensure operations and business activities 
comply with Shariah requirements; 
 
• Using Operational Risk Management tools for monitoring of 
Shariah Non-Compliance risk exposures and effectiveness 
of risk controls;  
 
• Subjecting new Islamic products or services introduced as 
well as variations to a vigorous product evaluation process 
which assesses the potential Shariah Non-Compliance risk 
as well as the readiness to introduce the products or 
services; 
 
• Conducting a periodic review of the potential risks and 
issues relating to the Islamic concepts and / or contracts of 
Islamic products and services to ensure the potential issues 
are managed and the products and services are Shariah-
compliant; 
 
• Sponsoring employees to acquire Shariah certification to 
enhance knowledge and upgrade skills on Shariah matters; 
and 
 
• Continuous training and awareness on the Shariah 
principles and potential Shariah Non-Compliance risks 
provided by Shariah Division, Shariah Risk Department and 
Shariah Compliance Review at the relevant operating 
entities within MBSB Group. 
 
Environmental, Social, and Governance Risk Framework  
 
The Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Risk 
Framework is the main reference point to understand the 
importance of ESG risk and its impact to MBSB Group.  
 
The ESG Risk Framework identifies, assesses, and manages 
risks arising from corporate financing customers and / or sukuk 
issuers, especially in sectors that are most vulnerable to 
environmental and social risks, and those with high activities with 
high potential adverse impacts on the environment and society.  
 
The ESG Risk Framework puts in place risk assessment tools to 
improve the understanding of and preparedness against existing 
and emerging ESG risks, ensures due diligence and assessment 
of ESG risk impacts and cultivates a risk management culture 
through the three lines of defence as well.  
 
In 2023, the key principles of managing Climate Risk were 
introduced within MBSB Group under the Enterprise Risk 
Management Framework. The Climate Risk Management 
Framework is supported by the Group Climate Risk Management 
Policy comprising the governing policies on managing climate-
related risks. The Group Climate Risk Management Policy 
encompasses the following:  
 
a. The risk governance structure with regard to Climate Risk 
Management; 
b. Climate Risk Strategy in terms of strategy development, 
monitoring, and communication; 
c. Climate Risk Appetite; and  
d. Climate Risk Management encompassing risk identification, 
measurement, monitoring, and control. 
 
 
  
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 146

---- Page 149 ----
Section 05Our Governance
147
Compliance Functions
Compliance Division
Compliance  
Monitoring 
Provide continuous testing  
and monitoring of regulatory  
compliance including  
AML/CFT requirements and  
and AMLCFT compliance 
monitoring. 
Regulatory  
Compliance 
Serve as central  
communication and  
repository of all  
key regulatory 
guidelines. 
Compliance Advisory  
and Liaison 
Provide advisory 
support to business and  
support units on regulatory  
compliance Risk. 
Shariah Compliance  
Review 
Provide post-  
assessments on Shariah  
compliance and reporting  
to the Shariah Advisory  
Committee (SAC). 
AML & CFT  
Compliance 
Perform transactions  
monitoring, develop  
governance, training and  
awareness on AMLCFT. 
  
Technology  
Compliance 
Provide support  
on technology-related 
 regulatory compliance and  
advisory. 
Regional Compliance &  
Risk Officer (RCRO) 
Manage compliance,  
operational risks  
and adequacy of controls in  
relation to branch  
operations. 
Strategic Compliance, 
Engagement & Reporting
Provides support in strategic 
matters of the division, which 
includes the formulation of 
strategies and plans, governance, 
budgeting and resources 
management; provides advisory 
support on foreign exchange 
requirements; provides continuous 
regulatory training to new hires and 
existing staff, as well as prepares 
periodic reports to Senior 
Management and the Board. 
Integrity & 
 Governance Unit 
Provide  continuous  
management of  matters in  
relation to integrity,   
corruption and  
abuse of power. 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 147

---- Page 150 ----
148
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
INTERNAL CONTROL
Compliance management is the collective responsibility of the 
Board, Senior Management and all staff of MBSB Group. Led by 
the Board and Senior Management, MBSB Group embraces a 
compliance culture that reflects the ethical standards and 
integrity of our corporate values. MBSB Group aspires to uphold 
high standards in the conduct of our business and at all times 
observes both the spirit and letter of the laws and regulations. To 
achieve this, compliance must be managed systematically and 
effectively by a dedicated compliance function.  
 
The compliance function of MBSB Group is driven by the 
Compliance Division, whereby its main objective is to identify and 
manage compliance risk in MBSB Group through various 
compliance programmes carried out across MBSB Group. To 
preserve its independence, the Compliance Division reports 
functionally to the Board and administratively to the GCEO. 
Compliance issues and matters in respect of governance, 
processes, controls, and systems are deliberated at relevant 
committees at the relevant operating entities within MBSB Group. 
 
The effectiveness of compliance function within MBSB Group is 
further supported and augmented by: 
 
•The Regional Compliance and Risk Officer (RCORO) , 
who is appointed to continuously reinforce compliance 
culture and manage compliance risk at the regional level 
under the second line of defence. The roles of the RCORO 
include performing thematic reviews and coordinating 
compliance and risk activities to strengthen compliance 
culture at branches. 
 
• The Designated Compliance and Risk Officer (DCORO), 
who represents the first line of defence and acts as a key 
liaison with Compliance Division in delivering and promoting 
compliance awareness, implementing, and monitoring risk 
control measures, executing compliance framework, and 
facilitating the understanding of compliance requirements 
at the respective business and support units.  
 
MBSB Group's commitment towards compliance is embodied in 
its Compliance Charter as follows: 
 
• Preserve the integrity and reputation of MBSB Group by 
adherence to applicable laws, regulations and ethical 
standards in all markets and jurisdictions in which it 
operates.  
 
• Improve the corporate image of MBSB Group as a 
respectable organisation with regards to compliance, 
including Shariah rulings and Anti-Money Laundering & 
Counter Financing Terrorism (AML/CFT) risks. 
 
• Fully cooperate with the relevant local and international 
competent authorities and law enforcement agencies in 
combating money laundering, counter financing of terrorism, 
and proliferation financing. 
 
• Ensure MBSB Group and all employees comply and operate 
according to regulatory requirements related to Foreign 
Exchange Notices. 
  
The interconnectedness of compliance responsibilities within 
MBSB Group is depicted in the diagram below: 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Business & Support Units
Business units and support units,  
primarily responsible for managing  
compliance risk inherent in the day-  
to-day activities, processes and  
systems for which they are  
accountable for. 
Compliance
Compliance Division manages the  
compliance risk by assessing and  
monitoring the adequacy and  
effectiveness of the governance,  
processes and systems carried out  
by respective business and support  
units. 
Internal Audit
Responsible for providing  
independent assurance to the 
Board and senior management on 
the overall quality and effectiveness 
of compliance risk management  
controls executed by Compliance  
Division, business and support 
units. 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 148

---- Page 151 ----
Section 05Our Governance
149
In addition, the Compliance Division provides ongoing oversight 
and assurance in the following key control activities and 
functions:  
 
•Regulatory and Shariah Compliance Reviews : The 
Regulatory, including technology related and Shariah 
Compliance Reviews are developed based on mandatory 
requirements stipulated in applicable regulations issued by 
BNM as well as based on the outcomes of the compliance 
and Shariah risk assessments. To ensure adequacy of 
regulatory control requirements and adherence to the 
overarching Shariah principles, the Compliance Thematic 
and Shariah Compliance reviews are periodically conducted 
to monitor MBSB Group's activities and comply with the 
applicable regulations and Shariah rulings, respectively. 
Additionally, RCORO is also responsible for performing 
thematic reviews on branches. Reports on the outcomes of 
compliance reviews are tabled to the relevant operating 
entities within MBSB Group including SAC for Shariah 
reviews. Subsequently, the progress of rectification action 
plans would be tracked and monitored until full resolution. 
 
• Gap Analysis Exercise: Gap analysis is performed on new 
and revised regulatory requirements against the internal 
policies and procedures to identify the difference between 
the current practices and regulatory requirements, including 
technology related. Action plans are formulated by the 
relevant process owners and tracked for implementation 
and closure by the Compliance Division. 
 
• AML/CFT Compliance Programme: Compliance Division 
undertakes several initiatives to ensure continuous 
compliance with BNM's Guidelines on Anti-Money 
Laundering / Countering Financing of Terrorism and 
Targeted Financial Sanctions for Financial Institutions 
(AML/CFT and TFS for FIs) covering, inter-alia, continuous 
process and system related enhancements, transactions 
monitoring via AML/CFT screening database, training and 
awareness to improve staff understanding and knowledge 
on relevant requirements. Additionally, Compliance Division 
also provides advisory support on AML/CFT matters 
associated with MBSB Group's business initiatives affecting 
new and revised products, services, and delivery channels. 
 
• Advisory Support and Risk Assessment : Compliance 
Division proactively minimises compliance risks, including 
technology risks, by providing compliance advisory support 
to business and support units. Additionally, Compliance 
Division actively participates in the Project Steering 
Committee (PSC) and Project Working Group (PWG) for all 
newly implemented banking products and services and 
conducts proactive compliance risk assessments on all 
MBSB Group's projects and initiatives to comply with 
applicable laws and regulatory requirements. 
 
• Compliance Healthcheck : Healthcheck is developed to 
serve as a self-assessment tool for branches and selected 
business and support units to periodically assess key 
compliance controls, including Shariah, and to allow prompt 
addressing of self-identified gaps. The assessment includes 
key regulatory requirements on AML/CFT, Personal Data 
Protection Act (PDPA), Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
(FATCA), Common Reporting Standard (CRS), Foreign 
Exchange Notices and Shariah contracts. Compliance 
Division validates the completed healthchecks periodically 
to ensure objectivity and improve the effectiveness of the 
exercise. 
  
• Compliance Training : Compliance training activities are 
structured to ensure continuous adherence to relevant 
regulatory requirements issued by the regulatory bodies. 
The training also aims to update MBSB Group's staff with 
the latest and new developments in terms of regulatory 
requirements. In addition, instances of non-compliance 
highlighted during the thematic and external regulatory 
reviews are also shared with the staff to prevent recurrence. 
Selected staff members from branches and head office 
departments are also offered to enrol in the Certified Anti 
Money Laundering/Counter Financing of Terrorism & 
Regulatory Compliance Officer (CCO) Programme as a 
platform to elevate their expertise in these critical areas and 
be better equipped with the required competencies to 
manage AML/CFT risks at branch or departmental level. 
 
• Compliance Awareness Campaigns : Another platform 
that strengthens the staff learning exposure in MBSB Group 
is via the various compliance awareness initiatives such as 
quarterly quiz, monthly compliance bulletin and bi-monthly 
posters on key regulatory requirements. These 
communication channels are intended to reinforce the level 
of comprehension on key compliance areas such as Shariah 
governance, management of customer information and data 
privacy as well as customer fair treatment while 
demonstrating MBSB Group's continued commitment to 
alleviate compliance culture amongst the employees of 
MBSB Group. 
 
• Review of Internal Policies and Procedures: Compliance 
Division participates in MBSB Group's review of new and 
revised policies and procedures via a working group. This 
role is instrumental in ensuring all regulatory requirements 
are embedded and harmonised into the internal policies and 
procedures to ensure compliance gaps are adequately 
addressed. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 149

---- Page 152 ----
150
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
INTERNAL CONTROL
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
• Regulatory Liaison : Compliance Division is the key contact point for MBSB Group in its engagement and liaison with the 
regulators and Law Enforcement Agencies for compliance-related matters, including technology compliance. The liaison roles 
include coordinating the information and communication with authority bodies in a systematic manner.  
 
• Integrity Governance Unit (IGU): Founded upon strong morals and ethics to combat bribery, corruption, and abuse of power, 
IGU is established to promote and maintain an integrity culture amongst all employees, including the Senior Management and 
the Board.  This function includes regular liaison with the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) while managing the 
organisation’s Adequate Procedures initiatives through emplacement of governance, integrity enhancement, complaints 
management, verification, and detection of corruption-related matters. 
 
In addition to the above key activities and functions, Compliance Division also circulates an Annual Statement of Compliance 
Certification to all business units, support functions and branches for their self-certification. This self-certification aims to attest to 
the state of compliance with regulatory requirements, Shariah requirements, and internal policies and procedures surrounding th e 
key business activities and operations at respective business and / or functional and support units. 
 
MBSB Group adopted Integrity and Anti-Bribery, Corruption & Abuse of Power Policy for MBSB Group, which complies with the 
‘Guideline for the Management of Integrity & Governance Unit’ issued by the MACC and ‘Guidelines on Adequate Procedures’ issued 
by the Prime Minister’s Department. It also defines the scope and roles of IGU and other relevant functions within MBSB Group i n 
carrying out their duties to prevent, detect and correct all instances of bribery, corruption, and abuse of power as part of implementing 
adequate measures to enhance and uphold a high integrity culture. 
 
 
INTERNAL AUDIT  
 
The Internal Audit Division (IAD) reports functionally to the AC of MBSB Group and administratively to the GCEO, including at i ts 
equivalent within the operating entities of MBSB Group. The main responsibility of IAD is to provide an objective and independe nt 
appraisal on the adequacy and effectiveness of MBSB Group’s risk management, internal controls, and governance processes. 
  
The IAD performs systematic and periodic reviews of products and / or services including outsourcing activities undertaken by MBSB 
Group as per the approved risk-based audit plan with the objectives to assess the effectiveness, adequacy and integrity of internal 
controls, risk management, governance and compliance to the policies and procedures.  
 
In addition, the IAD conducts ad-hoc assignments, special reviews and investigations as mandated by the Senior Management, 
Management Committees, Board Committees, or the Board of MBSB Group and its equivalent at the relevant operating entities of 
MBSB Group. 
 
The IAD highlights findings, improvement areas, and proposed action plans, along with agreed timelines for implementation to the 
Senior Management, AC, and SAC of MBSB Group, as well as their equivalents at the relevant operating entities of MBSB Group. 
Periodic follow-up is conducted on actions taken until closure. All key audit findings are reported to the Board through the Chairman 
of AC of MBSB Group and their equivalents at the relevant operating entities of MBSB Group. Audit reports and the status of follow-
up reviews are presented to the AC and the Board of MBSB Group and its equivalents at the relevant operating entities of MBSB 
Group on a quarterly basis. 
Refer to the Report of the Audit Committee on page 154 of this Integrated Annual Report for further details on the internal audit function
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 150

---- Page 153 ----
Section 05Our Governance
151
INDEPENDENT CREDIT REVIEW DEPARTMENT  
 
The Independent Credit Review (ICR) Department ensures that credit decision-making remains consistent with the overall credit risk 
management objectives of MBSB Bank and its relevant operating entities within the MBSB Group. The findings of the ICR reviews 
are reported to MBSB Bank's Board Audit Committee BAC, BRMCC, and BICC, as well as the equivalent committees within other 
operating entities of MBSB Group. As part of the ICR reviews, the following areas are assessed: 
 
• Quality of credit risk assessment and rigour of credit approval processes, including in respect of the scope of information 
obtained for credit decisions; 
 
• Whether credit decisions are in accordance with the credit risk strategy, credit risk policy, and relevant legal and regulator y 
requirements; 
 
• Scope, effectiveness, and timeliness of credit risk monitoring activities; 
 
• Accuracy and timeliness of ratings assigned to counterparties; and 
 
• Appropriateness of credit classifications and provisioning levels. 
 
 
KEY ELEMENTS OF INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM 
 
MBSB Group’s internal control system is designed to manage and reduce risks that will hinder MBSB Group from achieving its 
strategic and business objectives. The other key elements of the internal control system established by the Board that provide 
effective governance and oversight of internal controls include: 
 
 
CONTROL ENVIRONMENT AND ACTIVITIES 
 
Organisation Structure: A formal organisational structure of MBSB Group with clearly defined lines of accountability and 
responsibility, authority limits, and reporting is established for the purpose of achieving and maintaining a strong control environment 
within MBSB Group.  
 
Policies and Procedures: Policies, procedures, and processes governing MBSB Group’s businesses and operations are 
documented, communicated, and are made available to all employees through MBSB Group’s intranet portal. The policies, 
procedures, and processes are reviewed and updated regularly to ensure relevance to the current business, operational, and 
applicable regulatory environments. 
 
Business Planning and Budgeting Process: A robust and integrated budgeting process is established where the annual budgets, 
business plans, and strategic initiatives, taking into account the risk appetite, are deliberated, and approved by the Board.  
 
In addition, the Board reviews the operational and financial performance of MBSB Group where the relevant management reports 
on the financial performance and risk exposure are presented to the Board.  This enables the Board to oversee and monitor MBSB 
Group's overall performance objectives, key initiatives, financial plans, and annual budget effectively. 
 
Human Resource Policies and Guidelines: MBSB Group has in place policies and procedures that govern the recruitment, 
appointment, performance management, and rewards as well as matters relating to discipline, termination, and dismissal. In addition, 
various initiatives are implemented within MBSB Group focusing on human capital development, talent management, and succession 
planning.  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 151

---- Page 154 ----
152
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
INTERNAL CONTROL
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Core Values and Code of Ethics and Conduc t: MBSB Group has established guidelines on the Code of Ethics and Conduct for 
Directors and Employees, which sets out MBSB Group's directors and employees' responsibilities in observing the principles and 
upholding the corresponding conduct to achieve professionalism and ethics in the conduct of MBSB Group's business and 
professional activities. 
 
Whistleblowing Policy: Whistleblowing Policy and Procedures are in place to address the avenues for individuals to report suspected 
breaches of law or regulations or other improprieties. All employees are accorded the opportunity to report via the whistleblow ing 
mechanism with the assurance that it shall be dealt with confidentiality and that the complainant's identity is protected. 
 
AML/CFT: MBSB Group is committed to fight against financial crime and ensuring effective implementation of measures in the areas 
of AML/CFT.  The AML/CFT framework and policies are established, reviewed, and updated on an ongoing basis to combat money 
laundering and financing of terrorism activities as well as to meet regulatory requirements. All employees are expected to carry out 
their functions with ethical and professional standards and continuously be vigilant of MBSB Group's exposure to money laundering, 
including terrorist financing activities. 
 
Fraud Management: The Fraud and Corruption Control Policies and Procedures have been disseminated to all employees to ensure 
the Policy requirements are implemented and expected to be strictly followed. The Fraud and Corruption Control Policies and 
Procedures are implemented to provide broad principles, strategy, and policies related to fraud to promote high standards of integrity. 
The policies establish programmes and controls, including a periodic review of the fraud controls and highlight the roles and 
responsibilities at every level for preventing and responding to fraud, where the fraud risk is assessed via RCSA and during product 
development. 
 
Management of Information Assets: Confidentiality, integrity and availability of information are critical to the day-to-day operations 
and to facilitate management decision-making.  All information must be properly managed, controlled, and protected as guided by 
these information handling rules which also cover cyber and technology risk considerations.  
 
With the increased adoption of technology capabilities and the increasing risk of cyber threats, information security has been among 
our key focus areas.  The technology infrastructure and security controls within MBSB Group continue to be strengthened and 
monitored.  
 
Business Continuity Management (BCM): The BCM policies have been established at the relevant operating entities within MBSB 
Group to build organisational resilience and an effective response and recovery mechanism to safeguard the interest of key 
stakeholders, reputation, and brand. A sound BCM programme has been implemented at the relevant operating entities within MBSB 
Group where critical business functions are recovered within the required time frame and minimises the cost of damages and 
interruptions in the event of any disruption. 
 
Reviews, assessments, updates, and testing of the BCM plans are conducted regularly to ensure adequacy, effectiveness, and 
relevance of the business recoveries. Test exercises are conducted to familiarise and equip employees with the skills and processes 
required to ensure that in the event of any disruption, critical business processes can continue or be recovered in a timely manner. 
 
Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA): RCSA serves as a tool for the risk owners to perform risk analyses on their business 
operations. The RCSA allows risk owners to identify, assess, mitigate, monitor, and report operational risk at their activities and key 
processes level. The objective is to ensure that processes become inherently stronger, in their effort to reduce residual risk and the 
number of lapses in the processes. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 152

---- Page 155 ----
Section 05Our Governance
153
INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION 
 
The financial performance of MBSB Group is presented and reported to the Management Committees, the Board Committees 
and / or the Board of the relevant operating entities within MBSB Group on a periodical basis where the financial performance is 
monitored against the strategic business plan, budget, and risk appetite approved by the Board of the relevant operating entiti es 
within MBSB Group.  
  
 
REVIEW OF SORMIC BY EXTERNAL AUDITORS 
 
As required by Paragraph 15.23 of the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad Main Market Listing Requirements, the external auditors 
have reviewed this Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control pursuant to the scope set out in the Audit and Assurance 
Practice Guide 3 (AAPG 3), Guidance for Auditors on Engagements to Report on the Statement on Risk Management and Internal 
Control included in the Annual Report issued by the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) for inclusion in the Integrated Annual 
Report of the MBSB for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
AAPG 3 (Revised 2018) does not require the external auditors to consider whether the Directors' Statement on Risk Management 
and Internal Control covers all risks and controls or to form an opinion on the adequacy and effectiveness of MBSB Group's risk 
management and internal control system, including the assessment and opinion by the Board and the Management thereon. The 
auditors are also not required to consider whether the processes described to deal with material internal control aspects of any 
significant problems disclosed in the Integrated Annual Report will remedy the problems. 
 
 
CONCLUSION 
 
The Board confirms that the system of risk management and internal control, with the key elements highlighted above, was in place 
during the financial year. The system is subjected to regular reviews, and the Board believes that the system of risk managemen t 
and internal control is sound and sufficient to safeguard shareholders' investments and MBSB Group's assets. 
 
The SORMIC was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2024. 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 153

---- Page 156 ----
154
REPORT OF THE 
AUDIT COMMITTEE
PURPOSE OF AUDIT COMMITTEE 
 
The establishment of the Malaysia Building Society Berhad’s (“MBSB”) Audit Committee (“AC”) is to assist the MBSB’s Board of 
Directors (“MBSB Board”) in: 
 
• Providing independent oversight on the financial reporting, risk management and internal control systems and ensuring 
appropriate methods and procedures are in place to provide the level of assurance required by each Board member; and 
 
• Serving as an independent party to objectively review the financial information of MBSB and its subsidiaries (“MBSB Group”). 
 
 
COMPOSITION OF THE AC 
 
Paragraph 15.09(1)(c) of the Bursa Malaysia’s Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) requires that at least one (1) member of 
Audit Committee must be a member of MIA or equivalent expertise or experience in the field of finance. 
 
The Chairman of the AC, Encik Mohamad Abdul Halim Ahmad is an Associate Member of ICAEW and a member of MIA. 
 
In 2023, a total of 16 meetings were held. The composition of the AC and attendance of each member at the Committee meetings 
held during the financial year are as follows: - 
 
Committee Member                                                                                                                                                 Attendance 
 
Encik Mohamad Abdul Halim Ahmad                                                                                                                        16/16 (100%) 
(Chairman/Independent Non-Executive Director) 
 
Dr Loh Leong Hua                                                                                                                                                     16/16 (100%) 
(Member/Independent Non-Executive Director) 
 
Datin Hoi Lai Ping                                                                                                                                                      16/16 (100%) 
(Member/ Independent Non-Executive Director) 
 
 
AUTHORITY OF THE AC 
 
The AC, in discharging its duties, has explicit authority to investigate any matters within its Terms of Reference (“TOR”) and has full 
access to and cooperation from the Management. The AC meetings were also attended by the Group Chief Executive Officer 
(“GCEO”), Group Chief Financial Officer (“GCFO”), Group Chief Risk Officer (“GCRO”), Group Chief Internal Auditor (“GCIA”) together 
with the Audit Department Heads while the attendance of other Senior Management staff and external auditor were by invitation 
depending on the matters being deliberated. 
 
The AC shall have the right to obtain the necessary resources to enable them to perform their duties and provide independent 
professional advice, if necessary, with any expenses related thereto to be borne by the MBSB. 
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of MBSB (“NRC”) ensures that the AC is comprised of Directors who have the 
appropriate level of expertise and experience with a strong understanding of MBSB Group’s business to maintain an independent 
and effective AC. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 154

---- Page 157 ----
Section 05Our Governance
155
The AC Chairman reports to the Board on matters deliberated during the AC meetings via AC Chairman’s Report. AC minutes of 
each meeting were also distributed to the Board. AC Chairman’s Report is presented at all Board meetings highlighting key matters 
discussed and deliberated at the AC meetings. 
 
 
ACTIVITIES OF THE AC IN 2023 
 
The summary of the activities undertaken by AC for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 are detailed below. 
 
Financial Reporting 
 
a) Assisted the Board in ensuring the accounting treatment, financial reporting and disclosures in the Annual Audited Financial 
Statement of MBSB and its subsidiaries (“MBSB Group”) for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, comply with: 
 
• Provisions of the Companies Act, 2016; 
• Bursa Malaysia’s Main Market Listing Requirement (“MMLR”); 
• Applicable approved accounting standards in Malaysia and adoption of new accounting standards as well as the accounting 
treatments used in the financial statements; 
• Applicable standards and guidelines issued by Bank Negara Malaysia; and 
• Other legal and regulatory requirements (e.g. taxation matters). 
 
b) Reviewed the quarterly unaudited financial results of MBSB Group and discussed with the Management before recommending 
to the respective Boards for approval prior to submission to relevant regulatory authorities. 
 
c) Reviewed and recommended the audited financial statement for Board’s approval. 
 
d) Reviewed and recommended the Basel II Pillar 3 Disclosure for Board’s approval. 
 
e) Reviewed and recommended the Limited Review for the financial period ending 30 September 2023 for Board’s approval. 
 
f) Reviewed and recommended the Proposed Capital Injection into MBSB Bank for Board’s approval. 
 
g) Reviewed and recommended the appointment of External Auditor for MIDF Group to align with MBSB for Board’s approval. 
 
h) Reviewed and recommended the Final Dividend proposal for Board’s approval. 
 
i) Reviewed year-end submission to regulator and abridged financial statements for MBSB Group. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 155

---- Page 158 ----
156
REPORT OF THE 
AUDIT COMMITTEE
External Auditor 
 
a) Reviewed with the external auditor on the following: 
 
• Audit planning memorandum for the year ended 31 December 2023 comprising their audit plan, audit approach, audit 
strategy and scope of work for the year; 
• Audit Committee Report issued by the external auditor; 
• Audit findings together with Management’s response to the findings of the external auditors; 
• Transparency Report; and 
• Updates of new developments on the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Malaysian Accounting 
Standards Board and other regulatory requirements. 
 
b) In compliance with the MMLR, met the representatives of the external auditor twice a year without the presence of the 
Management, to discuss any issues of concern of the external auditor arising from their audits, including the level of cooperation 
provided by the MBSB Group’s employees to the external auditor. Other officers of the MBSB Group are also invited to the AC 
meetings during the deliberation of matters related to them as and when necessary; 
 
c) Evaluated the performance and effectiveness of the external auditor based on the following criteria: 
 
• Performance, quality of services and sufficiency of resources provided by the external auditor; 
• Communication and interaction with the external auditor; and 
• Auditor’s independence and objectivity by reviewing the provision of non-audit services and evaluating whether such non-
audit services would impair their independence. AC has obtained a written declaration from the audit engagement team 
which confirmed they have no relationship and conflict of interest in performing their work for MBSB Group. 
 
d) Made recommendations to each Board of Directors on their audit fees, non-audit fees and for their reappointment to hold offic e 
until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). 
 
Internal Audit 
 
The AC activities related to the Group Internal Audit Division (“GIAD”) are further deliberated in the “Statement on Internal A udit 
Function” and the “Group Internal Audit Division Activities in 2023” section in this Report. 
 
Integrated Annual Report 
 
• Reviewed and recommended the Report of the Audit Committee for Board’s approval for inclusion in the Integrated Annual 
Report for the FY2023. 
• Reviewed and recommended the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control (SORMIC) for Board’s approval. 
• Reviewed and recommended the Corporate Governance Overview Statement and Corporate Governance Report for Board’s 
approval. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 156

---- Page 159 ----
Section 05Our Governance
157
Related Party Transaction and Conflict of Interest (COI) 
 
The AC also considered transactions with a related party and/or interested persons to ensure that such transactions are undertaken 
on an arm's length basis on normal commercial terms consistent with Bursa Group’s business practices and policies, not prejudicial 
to the interests of Bursa and its minority shareholders and on terms which are generally no more favourable to the related part ies 
and/or interested persons (pursuant to Chapter 10 of the MMLR). 
 
During the FY2023, the AC had reviewed related party transactions entered by MBSB and its subsidiaries that may arise within the 
Group, covering the nature and amount of the transactions to ensure that related party transactions are undertaken on an arm’s 
length basis, on normal commercial terms and on terms that are not more favourable to the related parties than those generally 
available to the non-related parties. 
 
The AC had also reviewed conflict of interest (COI) extended to encompass Directors and Key Senior Management within the Group 
and there was no potential COI reported in FY2023. 
 
Directors’ Training 
 
During the year, the members of each Committee have attended the relevant training programmes, Conferences and seminars as 
disclosed in MBSB Corporate Governance (“CG”) Report 2023. 
 
 
STATEMENT ON INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION FOR THE AC 
 
The internal audit function is performed in-house and undertaken by the Group’s IAD personnel (“GIAD”) at the relevant operatin g 
entities within MBSB Group. The Group Chief Internal Auditor (“GCIA”) reports administratively to the GCEO and directly to the AC 
as an independent unit that provides independent and reasonable assurance that the system of internal controls continues to operate 
satisfactorily and effectively. The GIAD is guided by the Internal Audit Charter, Internal Audit Manual and the respective enti ties 
Committees’ Terms of Reference and adopts the BNM/RH/GL (013-4) Guidelines on Internal Audit Function of Licensed Institutions 
and International Professional Practice Framework (“IPPF”) issued by Institute of Internal Auditors (“IIA”). A similar structure is also 
established within MBSB Group. 
 
To maintain objectivity and independence, the appointment, remuneration, performance appraisal, transfer and dismissal of the GCIA 
is decided by the AC. GIAD personnel do not have any authority or responsibility for the activities that they audit. 
 
The internal audit functions as an independent, objective assurance and consulting activity designed to add value and improve the 
Group’s operations. It evaluates whether: 
 
• Internal controls are adequate, efficient and effective; 
• The objectives of the MBSB Group are being achieved efficiently and effectively; and 
• The established policies and procedures are being followed. 
 
The AC reviewed and assessed the performance of the GCIA, including the fit and proper assessment in the Fit and Proper 
Requirements Policies & Procedures annually. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 157

---- Page 160 ----
158
REPORT OF THE 
AUDIT COMMITTEE
GROUP INTERNAL AUDIT DIVISION ACTIVITIES IN 2023 
 
The Internal Audit (“IA”) activities were performed by internal auditors of MBSB Group. GIAD activities in 2023 are summarised below: 
 
a) Presented its annual risk-based audit plan and changes to the plan which includes audit objectives, budget and scope of work 
to the relevant Audit Committees at each entity. 
 
b) Conducted scheduled audits as per approved audit plan, ad-hoc audit assignments and investigations as instructed by the 
relevant Audit Committees at each entity. 
 
c) Conducted audit of Related Party Transaction and Connected Parties for credit transactions and exposures. 
 
d) Conducted the verification of MBSB’s Recovery Planning. 
 
e) Presented the Revised Terms of Reference of Audit Committee for Board’s approval. 
 
f) Provided quarterly reports on the status of internal audit activities to the AC and Board which included follow-ups on unresolved 
audit findings and completion of management action plans. 
 
g) Provided advisory services to review the operational guidelines and manuals to ensure pertinent controls embedded are 
consistent with the changes in businesses and operations. 
 
h) The key audit areas include Corporate and Retail Credit end-to-end process, Treasury Operations covering Front Office, Middle 
Office and Back Office, Head Office Operations, selected Branches, Information System and Outsourcing vendors. 
 
i) Conducted relevant regulatory audit on BNM, PIDM guidelines and requirements, Bursa, Security Commission (“SC”) and 
Federation of Investment Managers Malaysia (“FIMM”) guidelines and requirements. 
 
j) Shariah Audit (“SA”) is embedded in the respective audit assignments planned. In addition SA also conducted a thematic review 
on specific areas. All Shariah audit findings, recommendations and the reports issued in 2023 were presented to relevant 
committees at each entity. 
 
k) Reviewed the quality of credit risk assessment as well as the scope and effectiveness of credit risk monitoring activities un der 
the post-approval reviews. 
 
l) Conducted annual reviews of the Business Contingency Plan and Disaster Recovery Plan testing to ensure compliance with 
BNM’s Guidelines on Business Continuity Management. 
 
m) Conducted post-mortem/special reviews on non-performing Corporate Accounts in which areas for improvement on credit 
assessment, facility structuring, credit administration and monitoring processes were noted. 
 
n) Provided advisory services to review operational guidelines and manuals to ensure pertinent controls in place are consistent 
with the changes in businesses and operations. 
 
o) The GCIA was invited to attend various levels of committee meetings at MBSB Bank as a permanent invitee and observer in a 
consultative capacity to provide independent feedback on internal controls and governance aspects. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 158

---- Page 161 ----
Section 05Our Governance
159
INTERNAL AUDIT QUALITY ASSURANCE REVIEW 
 
A quality assurance and improvement programme (“QAIP”) is designed to enable an evaluation of the Internal Audit activity’s 
conformance with the Definition of Internal Auditing and the Standards and an evaluation of whether Internal Auditors apply the Code 
of Ethics. The programme also assesses the efficiency and effectiveness of the Internal Audit activity and identifies opportunities for 
improvement. The annual internal assessment is performed by the Internal Assurance Team within GIAD, while the external 
assessment is conducted once every five (5) years by a qualified external assessor. 
 
 
INTERNAL AUDIT RESOURCES, PROFESSIONAL PROFICIENCY AND COST 
 
The overall costs incurred for maintaining IA function in MBSB Group for FY2023 was approximately RM13.7 million. The internal 
auditors are suitably qualified and have the necessary knowledge and skills to perform their roles and responsibilities and will continue 
to pursue the relevant certifications to achieve the desired level of proficiency and competency. 
 
The upskilling of internal auditors through continuous learning and development remains a key focus. This is achieved through 
structured and formalised training programmes. GIAD staff acquired technical competencies demonstrated by various certifications 
such as those offered by the Institute of Internal Auditors (“IIA”), Information Systems Audit and Control Association (“ISACA”), Asian 
Institute of Chartered Banker (“AICB”) and Islamic Banking and Finance Institute Malaysia (“IBFIM”). 
 
 
CONCLUSION 
 
In the annual assessment of the effectiveness of the Board Committees for FY2023, MBSB Board members are satisfied that the AC 
members have discharged their function, duties and responsibilities in accordance with the TOR to provide independent oversight 
of the MBSB Group’s internal and external audit functions, internal controls and ensuring checks and balances within the Group. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 159

---- Page 162 ----
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 160

---- Page 163 ----
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
162  Directors' Responsibility Statement 
163  Directors' Report 
172  Independent Auditors' Report 
187  Notes to the Financial Statements
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 161

---- Page 164 ----
162
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY 
STATEMENT
The Directors are required by the Companies Act 2016 (“CA”) to prepare financial statements for each financial year which have 
been made out in accordance with the applicable Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (“MFRS”), the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the provisions of the CA in Malaysia and give a true and fair view of the state of affairs and of the 
results and cash flows of the Company and the Group for the financial year. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors have used appropriate and relevant accounting policies that are consistently 
applied and supported by reasonable as well as prudent judgments and estimates, and that the financial statements is prepared on 
a going concern basis. 
 
The Directors are satisfied that the information contained in the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position 
of the Group and of the Company at the end of the financial year and of the financial performance and cash flows for the financ ial 
year. 
 
The Directors are responsible for ensuring that the Company and the Group keep proper accounting records which disclose with 
reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Group and Company and which enable them to ensure that the financial statements 
comply with the CA. 
 
The Directors have the general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the 
Group, to detect and prevent fraud and other irregularities. 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 162

---- Page 165 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
163
DIRECTORS’ 
REPORT
The Directors have pleasure in presenting their report together with the audited financial statements of the Malaysia Building Society 
Berhad ("the Company") and its subsidiaries (together referred to as "the Group") for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
 
Principal activities 
 
The Company is principally engaged in investment holding. The Company had ceased providing new financing, but continues to 
manage its remaining conventional loans and advances until 31 January 2024 following disposal of the loans to Emerald Unity  
Sdn. Bhd.  as disclosed in Note 52 of the financial statements. 
 
 
Financial results 
 
                                                                                                                                                                          Group           Company
                                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Net profit for the financial year                                                                                                                        491,809              427,590 
 
 
Dividends 
 
The dividends on ordinary shares paid or declared by the Company since 31 December 2022 were as follows: 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                   RM’000 
 
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022: 
- single-tier interim dividend of 8.50 sen per ordinary share on 7,171,483,803 
  ordinary shares declared on 20 March 2023 and paid on 17 April 2023                                                                                 609,576 
 
 
On 18 April 2024, the Company announced a single-tier final dividend of 3.5 sen per ordinary share in respect of the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023. Based on the number of shares in issue of 8,222,312,432 ordinary shares as at 31 December 2023, the 
dividend payable would be RM287,780,935. 
 
The financial statements for the current financial year do not reflect the proposed final dividend. Such dividend, if approved by the 
shareholders in the forthcoming Annual General Meeting, will be accounted for in equity as an appropriation of retained profits in the 
financial year ending 31 December 2024. 
 
 
Reserves, provisions and allowances 
 
There were no material transfers to or from reserves or provisions or allowances during the financial year other than those disclosed 
in the financial statements and notes to the financial statements. 
 
 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 163

---- Page 166 ----
164
DIRECTORS’ 
REPORT
Issue of shares and debentures 
 
During the financial year, the Company increased its issued and paid up ordinary share capital by RM772,359,042 from 
RM7,198,068,070 to RM7,970,427,112 as follows: 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Issue/ 
                                                                                                                             Number of new                                          exercise 
                                                                                                                             ordinary shares                                               price 
                                                                                                                                        Units'000                RM'000                    (sen) 
 
Issued on 2 October 2023 pursuant to the  
  acquisition of the entire equity interest in Malaysia Industrial 
  Development Finance Berhad ("MIDF")                                                                        1,050,829                772,359                    0.74 
 
 
Save as disclosed above, there were no other new shares or debentures issued during the financial year. 
 
 
Bad and doubtful debts and financing 
 
Before the financial statements of the Group and of the Company were prepared, the Directors took reasonable steps to ascertain 
that proper actions had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and financing and the making of allowance for doubtful 
debts and financing and satisfied themselves that all known bad debts and financing had been written off and that adequate allowance 
had been made for doubtful debts and financing. 
 
At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances which would render the amount written off for bad debts 
and financing, or the amount of the allowance for doubtful debts and financing in the financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company, inadequate to any substantial extent. 
 
 
Current assets 
 
Before the financial statements of the Group and of the Company were prepared, the Directors took reasonable steps to ascertain 
that any current assets, other than debts and financing, which were unlikely to realise in the ordinary course of business, inc luding 
the values of current assets as shown in the accounting records of the Group and of the Company had been written down to an 
amount which the current assets might be expected so to realise. 
 
At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances which would render the values attributed to current 
assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company misleading. 
 
 
Valuation methods 
 
At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances which have arisen which render adherence to the existing 
method of valuation of assets or liabilities of the Group and of the Company misleading or inappropriate. 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 164

---- Page 167 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
165
Contingent and other liabilities 
 
At the date of this Report, there does not exist: 
 
(a) any charge on the assets of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year which secures 
the liabilities of any other person; or 
 
(b) any contingent liability of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year other than thos e 
arising from the normal course of business of the Group and of the Company. 
 
No contingent or other liability in the Group or the Company has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable within the 
period of twelve months after the end of the financial year which, in the opinion of the Directors, will or may affect the abil ity of the 
Group and of the Company to meet their obligations as and when they fall due. 
 
 
Change of circumstances 
 
At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt with in this report or the fin ancial 
statements of the Group and of the Company, that would render any amount stated in the financial statements misleading. 
 
 
Items of an unusual nature 
 
In the opinion of the Directors, the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023, have not been substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature nor has any such item, 
transaction or event occurred in the interval between the end of that financial year and the date of this report. 
 
 
Directors 
 
The Directors of the Company who have held office during the financial year and during the period from the end of the financial year 
to the date of this report are: 
 
Encik Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad 
Puan Lynette Yeow Su-Yin 
Encik Sazaliza bin Zainuddin 
Dr. Loh Leong Hua 
Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mamat (appointed on 5 December 2023) 
Datuk (Dr.) Yasmin binti Mahmood (appointed on 5 December 2023) 
Dato' Wan Kamaruzaman bin Wan Ahmad (appointed 24 January 2024) 
Datin Hoi Lai Ping (resigned on 24 January 2024) 
Ir. Moslim bin Othman (resigned on 6 February 2024) 
Tan Sri Azlan bin Mohd Zainol (deceased on 12 January 2023) 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 165

---- Page 168 ----
166
Directors (cont'd.) 
 
The Directors of the Company's subsidiaries who have held office during the financial year and during the period from the end of the 
financial year to the date of this report (not including those Directors listed above) are: 
 
Datuk Azrulnizam bin Abdul Aziz 
Datuk Johar bin Che Mat 
Encik Kamarulzaman bin Ahmad 
Encik Arul Sothy Mylvaganam 
Encik Ho Kwong Hoong 
Cik Hasnah binti Omar 
Dato' Kaziah binti Abd Kadir 
Encik Ahmad Lutfi bin Abdul Mutalip @ Talib 
Datuk Mohd Nasir bin Ali 
Encik Ahlan Nasri bin Mohd Nazir @ Nasir 
Encik Azlan bin Abdullah 
Mr. Tai Keat Chai 
Encik Hasman Yusri bin Yusoff 
Encik Shan Kamahl bin Mohammad 
Encik Ahmad Farouk bin Mohamed 
Mr. Johnson Rudd a/l Sunny Rudd 
Encik Azizi bin Mustafa 
Encik Sheikh Shahruddin bin Sheikh Salim 
Mr. Chia Ku Tang 
Ms. Rupavathy a/p A.V. Govindasamy 
Encik Asrul Hazli Salleh 
Ms. Ng Jui Shan 
Encik Jesleigh bin Johari 
Encik Hazim bin Yahya 
Dato' Azlan bin Shahrim (appointed on 30 March 2023) 
Encik Kheirul Anwar bin Mohamed (apppointed on 9 November 2023) 
Dato' Seri Diraja Nur Julie Gwee Ariff (appointed on 15 November 2023) 
Lim Choon Seng (resigned on 6 April 2023) 
Encik Ramanathan Rajoo (resigned on 6 April 2023) 
Encik Wan Ahmad Satria bin Wan Hussein (resigned on 9 November 2023) 
Datuk Joseph Dominic Silva (resigned on 15 November 2023) 
Dato' Charon Wardini bin Mokhzani (resigned on 15 December 2023) 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ 
REPORT
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 166

---- Page 169 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
167
Directors' interests in shares and share options 
 
According to the Register of Directors' shareholdings, the interests of the Directors in office at the end of the financial yea r in the 
shares and options over shares of the Company and its related corporations during the financial year were as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                       Number of ordinary shares  
                                                                                                                                        Granted/                                                         
Name of Directors                                                                          05.12.2023             Acquired             Disposed         31.12.2023  
 
Indirect interest: 
Ordinary shares of MBSB 
 
Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mamat #                                                      148,400                           -                            -              148,400 
 
# Indirect interest via shareholding held by his son. Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mahat, by virtue of his total indirect interest of 
148,400 shares in MBSB, is deemed to have an interest in the shares of all MBSB's subsidiaries to the extend that MBSB has 
interest. 
 
Other than as disclosed above, the Directors in office at the end of the financial year did not hold any interest in shares and  
options over shares in the Company and its related corporations during the financial year. 
 
There were no options were granted to any person to take up unissued shares of the Company during the financial year. 
 
 
Directors' benefits 
 
Since the end of the previous financial year, no Director of the Company has received, nor become entitled to receive a benefit (other 
than benefits included in the aggregate amount of emoluments received or due and receivable by the Directors as shown in Note 36 
to the financial statements) by reason of a contract made by the Company or a related corporation with any Director or with a f irm 
of which the Director is a member, or with a company in which the Director has a substantial financial interest. 
 
There were no arrangements during and at the end of the financial year which had the object of enabling Directors of the Company 
to acquire benefits by mean of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or its related corporations during the  
financial year. 
 
 
Indemnity and Takaful cost 
 
The Directors and Officers of the Group and of the Company are covered by Directors' and Officers' Liability Takaful. The annua l 
takaful cost that is payable by the Group and the Company amount to RM217,410 and RM135,000 respectively. 
 
 
Ultimate holding body 
 
The ultimate holding body is Employee Provident Fund ("EPF"), a statutory body established under the Employee Provident Fund 
Act 1991 (Act 452). 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 167

---- Page 170 ----
168
Subsidiaries 
 
The principal activities of the subsidiaries are described in Note 12. There have been no significant changes in the nature of the 
principal activities of the subsidiaries during the financial year. 
 
 
Directors' remuneration 
 
The remuneration in aggregate for Directors of the Group and the Company for the financial year are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                          Group           Company
                                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Directors' fees                                                                                                                                                     2,247                     939 
Directors' other emoluments                                                                                                                               1,759                     777 
 
 
Auditors' remuneration 
 
Auditors' remuneration of the Group and the Company are RM2,921,000 (2022: RM4,993,000) and RM702,000 (2022: RM2,914,000) 
respectively. Details of auditors’ remuneration are as set out in Note 35 to the financial statements. 
 
Other auditors' remuneration of the Group is RM1,008,000 (2022: nil). Details of auditors’ remuneration are as set out in Note 35 to 
the financial statements. 
 
 
Business review for 2023 
 
The Group registered a profit before taxation and zakat of RM560 million for 2023 as compared to a profit before taxation and zakat 
of RM691 million in prior year. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had assets of RM66,663 million (2022: RM54,948 million), gross 
loans, financing and advances of RM42,044 million (2022: RM38,600 million), total deposits of RM47,624 million (2022: RM36,468 
million) and shareholders' equity of RM9,838 million (2022: RM8,959 million). 
 
The Group completed the acquisition of Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad ("MIDF") on 2 October 2023. With this, 
MIDF is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and Permodalan Nasional Berhad ("PNB") emerged as a substantial 
shareholder of MBSB with an equity stake of 12.78%. The Employees Provident Fund’s ("EPF") shareholding in the Company reduced 
from 65.87% to 57.45%. 
 
MBSB’s gross financing grew by 9.0% for the year to RM42 billion, mainly supported by its consumer and commercial financing as 
well as from the acquisition of MIDF . Consumer Banking, which accounts for 69.34% of the total gross financing portfolio, grew by 
5.27%, led by property financing and followed by personal financing ("PF-i"). The increase in PF-i was mainly driven by Ihsan-i  
financing amounting to RM1 billion. In Commercial Banking gross financing grew by 18.63% contributed by the wholesale & retail 
trade, manufacturing, and primary agriculture sectors. 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ 
REPORT
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 168

---- Page 171 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
169
Outlook for 2024 
 
The global economy is projected to grow moderately in 2024 for both advanced and emerging economies. The International Monetary 
Fund forecasts global gross domestic product growth to be 2.9%, a slight decrease from 3.0% in 2023, with inflation subsiding and 
labour markets showing resilience. According to the Ministry of Finance, Malaysia’s economy is expected to grow by approximately 
4.0% in 2024, driven by sustained domestic consumption and improved export activities. Meanwhile, Bank Negara Malaysia (“BNM”) 
raised the Overnight Policy Rate (“OPR”) once in 2023 by 25 basis points to 3.0%. At the current OPR level, the monetary policy 
stance is supportive of the economy and aligns with the current assessment of inflation and growth prospects. 
 
The Group's key strategy for 2024 is to continue raising Current Accounts and Savings Accounts ("CASA") level and improve its 
funding costs. The Group will also aim to realise synergies with MIDF to provide customers with better service, innovative products, 
and personalised solutions, especially for small medium enterprises ("SMEs") and retail customers in the mass affluent segment.  
This strategy will be anchored in our continuous improvement in digitalisation, making it easier for our customers to conduct banking 
and manage their operations. 
 
 
Statement of Corporate Governance 
 
The Board of Directors ("the Board") of the Company is pleased to report the application by the Company of the principles contained 
in the Malaysia Code on Corporate Governance ("the Code") and the extent of compliance with the best practices of the Code. The 
Board has endeavoured to apply the principles and comply with the relevant best practices of corporate governance as set out in  
the Code. The Company is also required to comply with BNM's policy document on Corporate Governance ("BNM/RH/PD 029-9") 
issued on 3 August 2016. 
 
 
Statement of Shariah Governance 
 
MBSB Bank Berhad ("MBSB Bank") 
 
The MBSB Bank Board members have maintained regular engagement with members of the Shariah Advisory Committee  
("SAC MBSB Bank") via their attendance to observe the SAC MBSB Bank meetings as well as their standing invitation for the 
Chairman or Deputy Chairman of SAC MBSB Bank to attend the Board meetings. 
 
The MBSB Bank Board equally understands its role to be ultimately accountable and responsible for the Shariah governance and 
overall Shariah compliance of MBSB Bank and has put in place a robust Shariah governance arrangement and has performed an 
effective oversight over the implementation of Ruling of the BNM SAC, SAC MBSB Bank resolutions, internal control framework as 
well as the performance of MBSB Bank in relation to the Shariah governance implementation. 
 
Towards achieving this goal, the MBSB Bank Board has evaluated and is of the view that the planned resources to be put in place 
in 2024-2025 for the Shariah support and control functions which have been reviewed by the SAC MBSB Bank are in line to achieve 
this goal and to accommodate MBSB Bank's current and strategic initiatives. 
 
Sound Shariah compliance culture within MBSB Bank is outlined in the existing policies and procedures which are also reviewed 
and approved by SAC MBSB Bank or its delegates to ensure that its overall operations, business, affairs and activities are conducted, 
at all times, in conformity with Shariah. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 169

---- Page 172 ----
170
MIDF 
 
The Shariah Committee, as designated by MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad (“MIDF Investment Bank”)'s Board, serves in 
upholding the integrity of the organisation's Islamic business practices in accordance with Shariah principles. Their role encompasses 
providing decisions, views and opinions related to Shariah matters and to perform oversight role on Shariah matters related to the 
Islamic business, operations, activities and affairs of MIDF Investment Bank to ensure its continuous compliance with Shariah. 
 
The general roles and responsibilities of the Shariah Committee are, amongst others, to provide independent and sound advice to 
MIDF Investment Bank and the entities under MIDF Group on Shariah matters in respect of their Islamic finance operations, 
responsible and accountable for all Shariah decisions, opinions and views provided in the course of discharging the duties and 
responsibilities as a Shariah Committee, validate and endorse the relevant Policies, Procedures, and Islamic finance documentations 
for any Shariah-related products and service as Shariah-compliant, assist MIDF Investment Bank and the entities under MIDF for 
any submission to SAC BNM or that of Securities Commission Malaysia, assess work carried out by Shariah functions and Shariah 
control functions. 
 
The Shariah Committee provides its quarterly reports to the Board of MIDF and MIDF Investment Bank which encompasses, amongst 
others, highlights on the decisions, advices and opinions provided on the issues related to Islamic business, operations, activities 
and affairs of MIDF Investment Bank and the entities under MIDF Group. 
 
 
Significant events during the financial year and subsequent event after the financial year end 
 
Significant events during the financial year are disclosed respectively in Note 51 of the financial statements. Subsequent event after 
the financial year end is disclosed respectively in Note 52 of the financial statements. 
 
 
Auditors 
 
The auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (LLP0014401-LCA & AF1146), have expressed their willingness to continue in office. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the Directors dated 22 April 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dato' Wan Kamaruzaman bin Wan Ahmad                                        Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad 
Director                                                                                                  Director 
 
Petaling Jaya, Malaysia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ 
REPORT
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 170

---- Page 173 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
171
We, Dato' Wan Kamaruzaman bin Wan Ahmad and Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad, being two of the Directors of Malaysia 
Building Society Berhad, do hereby state that, in the opinion of the Directors, the financial statements set out on pages 177 t o 
345 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December  
2023 and of the financial performance and cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the year then ended, in accordance 
with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies 
Act 2016 in Malaysia. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Board of Directors in accordance with a resolution of the Directors dated 22 April 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dato' Wan Kamaruzaman bin Wan Ahmad                                        Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad 
Director                                                                                                  Director 
 
Petaling Jaya, Malaysia 
Pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016
STATEMENT BY 
DIRECTORS
I, Ramanathan Rajoo, being the officer primarily responsible for the financial management of Malaysia Building Society Berhad, do 
solemnly and sincerely declare that the financial statements set out on pages 177 to 345 are to the best of my knowledge and belief, 
correct, and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the declaration to be true and by virtue of the provisions of the 
Statutory Declarations Act, 1960. 
 
 
Subscribed and solemnly declared by 
the abovenamed Ramanathan Rajoo at  
Petaling Jaya in the State of 
Selangor Darul Ehsan on 22 April 2024 
 
 
Before me,                                                                                             Ramanathan Rajoo 
                                                                                                               MIA No. CA7012 
 
Pursuant to Section 251(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2016
STATUTORY 
DECLARATION
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 171

---- Page 174 ----
172
INDEPENDENT 
AUDITORS’ REPORT
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Our opinion 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements of Malaysia Building Society Berhad (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) give 
a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2023, and of their financial 
performance and their cash flows for the financial year then ended in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, 
International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. 
 
What we have audited 
 
We have audited the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, which comprise the statements of financial position as 
at 31 December 2023 of the Group and of the Company, and the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, 
statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then ended, 
and notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information, as set 
out on pages 177 to 345. 
 
Basis for opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing. 
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements” section of our report. 
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Independence and other ethical responsibilities 
 
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and Practice) 
of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“By-Laws”) and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Internation al 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code. 
 
Our audit approach 
 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements 
of the Group and of the Company. In particular, we considered where the Directors made subjective judgements; for example, in 
respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently 
uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other 
matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. 
 
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the financial statements 
as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group and of the Company, the accounting processes and controls, and the 
industry in which the Group and the Company operate. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
TO THE MEMBERS OF MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD 
(Incorporated in Malaysia) 
Registration No. 197001000172 (9417-K)
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 172

---- Page 175 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
173
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D.) 
 
Key audit matters 
 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financia l 
statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters. 
Expected credit losses for loans, financing and advances 
 
Refer to accounting policy 2(t) and notes 8, 22(b), 33 and 53(a) 
of the financial statements. 
 
We focused on this area due to the significant size of the 
carrying value of the loans, financing and advances. 
 
The expected credit loss (“ECL”) impairment model under 
MFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” requires the use of complex 
models and significant assumptions about future economic 
conditions and credit behaviour. 
 
The significant judgements in applying the accounting 
requirements for measuring ECL include the following: 
 
• Identification of loans, advances and financing that have 
experienced a significant increase in credit risk; 
 
• The ECL models are inherently complex and judgement is 
applied in determining the appropriate construct of the 
model; and 
 
• Assumptions used in the ECL models such as expected 
future cash flows, forward-looking macroeconomic 
factors, probability weighted multiple scenarios and ECL 
overlay adjustments made, given the economic 
uncertainty that may impact ECL. 
 
We performed the following audit procedures: 
 
• Understood and tested management’s controls over 
identification of loans, advances and financing that have 
experienced significant increase in credit risk or objective 
evidence of impairment in accordance with the Group’s 
policy and procedures, and the calculation of ECL 
provisions. 
 
• Examined a sample of loans, advances and financing with 
focus on loans, financing and advances identified by the 
Group as having lower credit quality, rescheduled and 
restructured, borrowers in high risk industries and formed 
our judgement as to whether there was a significant 
increase in credit risk or objective evidence of impairment. 
 
• Where objective evidence of impairment was identified by 
the Group and impairment loss was individually calculated, 
we examined both the quantum and timing of future cash 
flows used by the Group in the impairment loss 
calculation, challenged the assumptions and compared 
the assumptions to external evidence where available. 
Calculations of the discounted cash flows were also re-
performed. 
 
• Assessed and tested the methodologies and significant 
assumptions inherent within the ECL models applied 
against the requirements of MFRS 9. 
 
• Tested the design and operating effectiveness of the 
controls relating to: 
 
• Governance over ECL model development and 
model refinements, including model build, model 
approval, model monitoring and model validation; 
and 
 
• Data used to determine the allowances for credit 
losses. 
 
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 173

---- Page 176 ----
174
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D.)
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to report for the Company. 
 
Information other than the financial statements and auditors’ report thereon 
 
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Directors’ Report, which 
we obtained prior to the date of this Auditors' report, and Annual Report, which is expected to be made available to us after t hat 
date. Other information does not include the financial statements of the Group and of the Company and our auditors’ report thereon. 
 
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements o f the 
Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
 
If, based on the work we have performed on the information that we obtained prior to the date of this Auditors' report, we conclude 
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report  in this 
regard. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
INDEPENDENT 
AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD 
(Incorporated in Malaysia) 
Registration No. 197001000172 (9417-K)
Expected credit losses for loans, financing and advances  
(continued) 
 
We performed the following audit procedures (continued): 
 
• Assessed and considered reasonableness of forward-
looking forecasts assumptions; 
 
• Checked the accuracy of data and calculation of the ECL 
amount, on a sample basis and assessed the 
reasonableness of the overlay adjustment to the ECL; and 
 
• Involved our financial risk modelling experts and IT 
specialists in areas such as reviewing propriateness of the 
ECL models and data reliability. 
 
The assessment and conclusion on the more judgemental 
interpretations made by management were discussed with the 
Audit Committee. 
 
There were instances where the quantum of impairment 
requiredwas different from that determined by management 
due to variance in the inputs used for ECL calculation purposes. 
 
Based on the procedures performed, we did not find any 
material exceptions to the Group’s assessment on impairment 
of loans, advances and financing. 
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 174

---- Page 177 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
175
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D.) 
 
Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial statements 
 
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company that 
give a true and fair view in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standar ds 
and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. The Directors are also responsible for such internal control as the  
Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that are fre e 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the  
going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease operations, 
or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements  
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with approved 
standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing, we 
exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
 
(a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or 
the override of internal control. 
 
(b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate i n the 
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control of the Group and of 
the Company. 
 
(c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Directors. 
 
(d) Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence 
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of 
the Group or of the Company to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group or the Company to cease to continue 
as a going concern. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 175

---- Page 178 ----
176
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D.) 
 
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (cont’d.)  
 
(e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, including 
the disclosures, and whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
(f) Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities with in the 
Group to express an opinion on the financial statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
 
We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
 
We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, 
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, 
and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied. 
 
From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the 
financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our auditors’ report because the adverse consequences 
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
 
 
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 
 
In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, we report that the subsidiaries of which we have not 
acted as auditors, are disclosed in Note 12 to the financial statements. 
 
 
OTHER MATTERS 
 
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act 2016 
in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS PLT                                                 WIILIAM MAH 
LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146                                                                 03085/07/2025 J 
Chartered Accountants                                                                          Chartered Accountant 
 
Kuala Lumpur 
22 April 2024 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
INDEPENDENT 
AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD 
(Incorporated in Malaysia) 
Registration No. 197001000172 (9417-K)
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 176

---- Page 179 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
177
STATEMENTS OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                     Note                      2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Assets 
Cash and short-term funds                                           3(a)               5,607,314             2,205,950                    9,642                59,636 
Deposits and placements with banks 
  and other financial institutions                                    3(b)                  749,812                597,746                  65,078              100,033 
Financial assets at 
  fair value through profit or loss                                      4                    283,054                240,357                            -                          - 
Financial investments at fair value through  
  other comprehensive income                                        5               12,637,634           11,392,780                            -                          - 
Financial investments at amortised cost                         6                 4,608,470             1,625,792                            -                          - 
Derivative financial assets                                               7                      40,080                  15,017                            -                          - 
Loans, financing and advances                                       8               40,491,527           36,933,658                272,225              368,451 
Other receivables                                                            9                    344,217                125,435                  37,194                42,648 
Tax recoverable                                                                                     259,283                394,716                149,468              390,835 
Deferred tax assets                                                        10                     95,220                107,237                            -                          - 
Statutory deposits with 
  Bank Negara Malaysia                                                 11                   822,661                610,000                            -                          - 
Investments in subsidiaries                                            12                               -                           -             7,530,795           6,558,436 
Property and equipment                                                 13                   324,833                321,226                  22,524                22,975 
Right-of-use assets                                                      14(a)                   29,885                  26,743                            -                          - 
Investment properties                                                     15                       3,092                       820                           -                          - 
Goodwill                                                                         16                   148,031                148,031                            -                          - 
Intangible assets                                                            17                   161,126                144,694                           2                          - 
Non-current assets held for sale                                    18                     57,047                  58,103                            -                          - 
 
Total assets                                                                                       66,663,286           54,948,305             8,086,928           7,543,014 
 
 
 
 
as at 31 December 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 177

---- Page 180 ----
178
STATEMENTS OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                     Note                      2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Liabilities and shareholders' equity 
Deposits from customers                                               19              38,800,067           28,957,135                            -                          - 
Deposits and placements of banks 
  and other financial institutions                                     20                8,823,566             7,511,336                            -                          - 
Investment accounts of customers                                21                               -             2,080,767                            -                          - 
Islamic repurchase agreement                                                           2,005,199                           -                            -                          - 
Derivative financial liabilities                                            7                        5,158                  23,470                           -                          - 
Other payables                                                               22                   680,544                519,439                    5,951                50,624 
Lease liabilities                                                             14(b)                   29,964                  27,334                            -                          - 
Recourse obligation on financing sold                           23                4,031,732             4,355,408                            -                          - 
Provision for taxation and zakat                                                              35,945                  69,903                            -                          - 
Deferred tax liabilities                                                     10                     11,571                  13,603                       174                  1,960 
Sukuk                                                                             24                2,197,432             2,430,717                            -                          - 
Borrowings and government grant                                 25                   203,842                           -                            -                          - 
 
Total liabilities                                                                                 56,825,020           45,989,112                    6,125                52,584 
 
 
Ordinary share capital                                                    26                7,970,427             7,198,068             7,970,427           7,198,068 
Regulatory reserve                                                         27                   106,644                           -                            -                          - 
Fair value reserves                                                          28                  (115,908)              (341,366)                          -                          - 
Retained earnings                                                                              1,876,865             2,102,491                110,376              292,362 
 
                                                                                                           9,838,028             8,959,193             8,080,803           7,490,430 
Non-controlling interests                                                                              238                           -                            -                          - 
 
Total equity                                                                                       9,838,266             8,959,193             8,080,803           7,490,430 
 
Total liabilities and 
  shareholders' equity                                                                     66,663,286           54,948,305             8,086,928           7,543,014 
 
 
Commitments and contingencies                               43                7,316,685             5,134,111                            -                  9,782 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
As at 31 December 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 178

---- Page 181 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
179
STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                     Note                      2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Revenue                                                                         29                2,821,280             2,694,494                449,589              188,567 
  
Income derived from 
  investment of deposits 
  and Islamic capital funds                                              30                2,783,152             2,674,762                            -                          - 
Income attributable to depositors                                                     (1,465,779)              (892,322)                           -                          - 
Income attributable to securitisation                                                    (159,961)              (142,314)                           -                          - 
Income attributable to sukuk  
  and other borrowing                                                                           (142,377)              (128,432)                           -                          - 
Income attributable to wakalah 
  unrestricted investment account                                                          (31,473)                (52,685)                           -                          - 
 
Net income from Islamic operations                                                     983,562             1,459,009                            -                          - 
 
Interest income                                                               31                     30,980                    7,995                    7,737                24,384 
Interest expense                                                             32                    (16,470)                          -                            -                          - 
 
Net interest income                                                                                 14,510                    7,995                    7,737                24,384 
Expected credit losses 
  on loans, financing and advances 
  and other impairment                                                   33                  (120,085)              (118,496)                (31,274)               95,631 
Net loss on modification of cash flows                                                             -                 (59,973)                           -                          - 
 
Operating income                                                                                  877,987             1,288,535                 (23,537)             120,015 
Net other income                                                            34                   393,431                  53,260                470,021              182,030 
 
Net income                                                                                         1,271,418             1,341,795                446,484              302,045 
Operating expenses                                                       35                  (711,695)              (650,459)                (22,268)              (54,788) 
 
Profit before taxation and zakat                                                            559,723                691,336                424,216              247,257  
Taxation                                                                          37                    (59,522)              (227,971)                   3,374               (27,511) 
Zakat                                                                                                         (8,392)                  (3,177)                           -                          - 
 
Profit for the year                                                                                   491,809                460,188                427,590              219,746 
  
Attributable to: 
Shareholders of the Company                                                              491,809                460,188                427,590              219,746 
Non-controlling interests                                                                                   -                           -                            -                          - 
Profit for the financial year                                                                    491,809                460,188                427,590              219,746 
 
Earnings per ordinary share 
  attributable to shareholders of 
  the Company (sen): 
Basic                                                                               38                         6.62                      6.42  
 
Dividends per ordinary share (sen)                                 39                         3.50                      8.50
For the year ended 31 December 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 179

---- Page 182 ----
180
STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                     Note                      2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Other comprehensive income/(expense) 
  to be reclassified to profit or loss 
  in subsequent periods:                                                                                   
    - Net gain/(loss) from change in fair values                                       246,457               (224,226)                           -                          - 
    - Realised loss transferred to 
        statements of income on disposal                                                  50,111                 (13,066)                           -                          - 
    -  Transfer (to)/from deferred tax                                                        (71,110)                 56,972                            -                          - 
Other comprehensive income/(expense), 
  net of tax:                                                                                            225,458               (180,320)                           -                          - 
 
Other comprehensive expense 
  not to be reclassified to profit or loss 
  in subsequent periods: 
    - Re-measurement loss on 
        defined benefit plans                                                                        (1,028)                          -                            -                          - 
    -  Income tax relating to 
         re-measurement loss on 
         defined benefit plans                                                                          (187)                          -                            -                          - 
 
Other comprehensive expense, net of tax:                                              (1,215)                          -                            -                          - 
 
Other comprehensive income/(expense) 
  for the financial year, net of tax                                                       224,243               (180,320)                           -                          - 
 
Total comprehensive income 
  for the financial year                                                                            716,052                279,868                427,590              219,746 
 
 
Total comprehensive income 
  for the financial year attributable to: 
 
Shareholders of the Company                                                              716,052                279,868                427,590              219,746 
Non-controlling interests                                                                                   -                           -                            -                          - 
 
                                                                                                              716,052                279,868                427,590              219,746
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the year ended 31 December 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 180

---- Page 183 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
181
STATEMENTS OF  
CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                         Non-distributable               Distributable                                   Non- 
                                                                                               Share   Regulatory     Fair value      Retained                         controlling            Total 
                                                                                             capital       reserves       reserves       earnings             Total       interests         equity 
                                                                                            RM'000         RM'000         RM'000         RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 Group 
 At 1 January 2023                                                           7,198,068                    -        (341,366)     2,102,491      8,959,193                    -    8,959,193 
Profit for the year                                                                            -                    -                    -         491,809         491,809                    -       491,809 
Other comprehensive income/   (expense) for the year:                                                                     - net changes in fair value                                                               -                    -         246,457                    -         246,457                    -       246,457 
- realised loss transferred to     statements of income on disposal                                              -                    -           50,111                    -           50,111                    -         50,111 
- re-measurement loss on defined      benefit plans                                                                               -                    -                    -            (1,028)           (1,028)                   -          (1,028) 
- income tax relating to component of     other comprehensive income                                                     -                    -          (71,110)              (187)         (71,297)                   -        (71,297) 
 
                                                                                                        -                    -         225,458            (1,215)        224,243                    -       224,243 
Transfer of retained profits to    regulatory reserve                                                                         -         106,644                    -        (106,644)                   -                    -                  - 
Dividends to owners of the    Company (Note 39)                                                                       -                    -                    -        (609,576)       (609,576)                   -      (609,576) 
Acquisition of MIDF (Note 51)                                                         -                    -                    -                    -                    -                238              238 
Issuance of shares for  
  acquisition of MIDF (Note 26)                                            772,359                    -                    -                    -         772,359                    -      772,359 
 
At 31 December 2023                                                     7,970,427         106,644        (115,908)     1,876,865      9,838,028                238    9,838,266 
  At 1 January 2022                                                           7,198,068             5,234        (161,046)     1,637,069      8,679,325                    -    8,679,325 
Profit for the year                                                                            -                    -                    -         460,188         460,188                    -       460,188 
Other comprehensive    expense for the year:                                                                       - net changes in fair value                                                              -                    -        (224,226)                   -        (224,226)                   -      (224,226) 
- realised loss transferred to     statements of income on disposal                                              -                    -          (13,066)                   -          (13,066)                   -        (13,066) 
- income tax relating to component of     other comprehensive income                                                     -                    -           56,972                    -           56,972                    -         56,972 
 
                                                                                                        -                    -        (180,320)                   -        (180,320)                   -      (180,320) 
Transfer of requlatory reserve to  
  retained profits                                                                              -            (5,234)                   -             5,234                    -                    - 
 
At 31 December 2022                                                     7,198,068                    -        (341,366)     2,102,491      8,959,193                    -    8,959,193
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
For the year ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 181

---- Page 184 ----
182
STATEMENTS OF  
CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                          Non-distributable       Distributable 
                                                                                                                                              Share              Retained 
                                                                                                                                            capital              earnings                   Total 
                                                                                                                                           RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Company 
 
At 1 January 2023                                                                                                          7,198,068                292,362           7,490,430 
Profit for the year                                                                                                                           -                427,590              427,590 
Dividends to owners of the Company (Note 39)                                                                            -               (609,576)            (609,576) 
Issuance of shares for acquisition of MIDF (Note 26)                                                        772,359                            -              772,359 
 
At 31 December 2023                                                                                                    7,970,427                110,376           8,080,803 
 
 
                                                                                                                          Non-distributable       Distributable 
                                                                                                                                              Share              Retained 
                                                                                                                                            capital              earnings                   Total 
                                                                                                                                           RM’000                RM’000                RM’00 
 
Company 
 
At 1 January 2022                                                                                                           7,198,068                  72,616           7,270,684 
Profit for the year                                                                                                                           -                219,746              219,746 
 
At 31 December 2022                                                                                                    7,198,068                292,362           7,490,430 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the year ended 31 December 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 182

---- Page 185 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
183
STATEMENTS OF  
CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                                   2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cash flows from operating activities                                                              
Profit before taxation and zakat                                                            559,723                691,336                424,216              247,257 
Adjustments for:                                                                                                  
Depreciation of property and equipment                                                39,731                  43,156                       465                     481 
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                            41,669                  41,474                            -                          - 
Depreciation of right-of-use asset                                                           26,124                  22,308                            -                          - 
Depreciation of investment properties                                                           22                           -                            -                          - 
Lease profit expense                                                                                    917                    1,023                            -                          - 
Loss on sale of loans, financing and advances                                      21,322                           -                  21,322                          - 
Loss/(gain) on disposal of:                                                                                  
- property and equipment                                                                            163                           8                            -                          - 
- foreclosed properties                                                                             (3,980)                  (2,597)                  (3,980)                (2,597) 
- non-current assets held for sale                                                            (1,331)                     (850)                           -                          - 
Loss/(gain) on sale of:                                                                                         
- financial assets at FVTPL                                                                        9,867                  18,195                            -                          - 
- financial investments at FVOCI                                                             50,111                  13,066                            -                          - 
- financial investments at amortised cost                                                     (16)                          -                            -                          - 
Unrealised gain on financial assets at FVTPL                                          (4,217)                  (4,200)                           -                          - 
Unrealised loss on derivatives                                                                      980                           -                            -                          - 
Loss/(gain) on foreign exchange transaction                                          13,276                 (12,390)                           -                          - 
Gain from acquisition of MIDF                                                              (354,383)                          -                            -                          - 
Allowance/(writeback) for impairment                                                     98,763                118,496                    9,952               (95,631) 
Loss on modification of cash flows                                                                  -                  59,973                            -                          - 
Profit/interest adjustments:                                                                                 
- financial assets at FVTPL                                                                     (24,775)                  (6,587)                          -                          - 
- financial investments at FVOCI                                                          (388,537)              (409,620)                           -                          - 
- financial investments at amortised cost                                            (118,997)                (50,942)                           -                          - 
- Islamic repurchase agreement                                                              21,732                           -                            -                          - 
- recourse obligation on financing sold                                                 159,961                142,314                            -                          - 
- sukuk                                                                                                   120,645                128,432                            -                          - 
- borrowings and government grant                                                            750                           -                            -                          - 
 
 
Operating profit before working capital changes                                  269,520                792,595                451,975              149,510 
For the year ended 31 December 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 183

---- Page 186 ----
184
STATEMENTS OF  
CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                                   2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Working capital changes: 
(Increase)/decrease in deposits with 
  financial institutions with maturity of 
  more than three months                                                                       (14,826)               246,142                  49,971              474,547 
(Increase)/decrease in statutory deposits 
  with Bank Negara Malaysia                                                                (108,760)                 40,000                            -                          - 
(Increase)/decrease in loans, financing 
  and advances                                                                                  (1,804,663)           (2,567,547)                 44,574              207,955 
Increase in derivative assets                                                                  (31,085)                  (4,776)                           -                          - 
(Increase)/decrease in other receivables                                                (34,180)                (35,013)              (213,313)               46,363 
Increase in deposits from customers, banks 
  and other financial institutions                                                         5,414,631             3,164,226                            -                          - 
Decrease in investment accounts                                                     (2,080,767)                (14,147)                           -                          - 
(Decrease)/increase in derivative liabilities                                             (18,312)                 21,107                            -                          - 
Decrease in other payables                                                                  (102,207)              (520,151)                (46,493)            (187,557) 
 
Cash generated from operations                                                        1,489,351             1,122,436                286,714              690,818 
Net tax paid/(refund)                                                                                33,166               (130,289)                 15,306               (28,182) 
Zakat paid                                                                                               (10,008)                  (3,177)                           -                          - 
 
Net cash generated from operating activities                                    1,512,509                988,970                302,020              662,636
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the year ended 31 December 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 184

---- Page 187 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
185
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                                   2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cash flows from investing activities                                                                                                                                                   
Acqusition of MIDF                                                                                722,725                           -                           -                         -  
Increase in investment in subsidiaries                                                              -                           -               (200,000)         (1,000,000) 
Purchase of property and equipment                                                     (39,840)                (17,115)                       (14)                     (17) 
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                (43,253)                (35,408)                         (2)                         -  
Proceeds on sale of loans, financing and advances                               22,176                           -                 22,175                         -  
Proceeds from disposal of non-current                                                                                                                                                    
  assets held for sale                                                                                 2,024                   1,328                           -                         -  
Proceeds from disposal of foreclosed properties                                     9,591                   4,165                   9,591                  4,165  
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                    170                        11                           -                         -  
Profit income from financial assets at FVTPL                                         26,579                   7,290                           -                          -  
Net sale/(purchase) of financial assets at FVTPL                                  121,103                (14,846)                           -                         -  
Profit income from:                                                                                                                                                                                     
- financial investments at FVOCI                                                           446,154               472,243                           -                         -  
- financial investments at amortised cost                                             127,514                 61,522                           -                          -  
Net sale/(purchase) of:                                                                                                                                                                            
- financial investments at FVOCI                                                           755,452               105,387                           -                         -  
- financial investments at amortised cost                                            (656,034)           (1,005,933)                           -                         -  
Dividend received                                                                                             -                           -               440,828              162,839 
  
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                       1,494,361              (421,356)               272,578             (833,013) 
 
Cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                                                                   
Net issuance of Islamic repurchase agreement                                 1,999,658                           -                           -                         -  
Net issuance of recourse obligation on financing sold                        (322,255)            1,210,324                           -                         -  
Repayment of:                                                                                                                                                                                         
- sukuk                                                                                                 (232,871)              (237,786)                           -                         -  
- borrowings and government grant                                                       (22,000)                          -                           -                         -  
Issuance of sukuk                                                                                             -               2 99,000                           -                         -  
Profit expense paid on:                                                                                                                                                                           
- Islamic repurchase agreement                                                             (16,191)                          -                           -                         -  
- recourse obligation on financing sold                                                (161,382)              (138,539)                           -                         -  
- sukuk                                                                                                 (121,059)              (126,148)                           -                         -  
Payment of lease liabilities                                                                     (27,290)                (23,322)                           -                         -  
Dividends paid on ordinary shares                                                       (609,576)                          -               (609,576)                         -  
 
Net cash generated from financing activities                                        487,034               983,529               (609,576)                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                      
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 185

---- Page 188 ----
186
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                                   2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                3,493,904            1,551,143                 (34,978)            (170,377) 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                       2,205,982               654,839                 59,636              230,013  
 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                 5,699,886            2,205,982                 24,658                59,636  
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents is represented by:                                                                                                                                  
Cash and short-term funds (Note 3(a))                                               5,607,314            2,205,950                   9,642                59,636  
Deposits and placements with banks                                                                 
  and other financial institutions (Note 3(b))                                           749,812               597,746                 65,078              100,033 
  
Less:                                                                                                   6,357,126            2,803,696                 74,720              159,669  
Deposits and placements with banks  
  and other financial institutions with                                                                  
  original maturity of more than three months                                      (657,240)              (597,714)                (50,062)            (100,033) 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                 5,699,886            2,205,982                 24,658                59,636  
 
 
An analysis of changes in liabilities arising from financing activities for the financial year is as follows: 
                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                     Recourse                               Borrowings 
                                                                      Islamic                                  obligation                                             and 
                                                               repurchase               Lease     on financing                              government 
                                                                agreement          liabilities                   sold               Sukuk                 grant                Total 
Group                                                           RM’000            RM’000             RM’000            RM’000             RM’000           RM’000 
 
At 1 January 2023                                                   -              27,334          4,355,408         2,430,717                        -         6,813,459 
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                           -                1,963                        -                       -            225,092              227,05 
Profit expense during the year                       21,732                   917            159,961            120,645                   750              304,005  
Profit paid during the year                             (16,191)                       -           (161,382)          (121,059)                       -            (298,632) 
Additions                                                   1,999,658              27,040                        -                       -                        -         2,026,698 
Repayment and redemption                                    -             (27,290)           (322,255)          (232,871)             (22,000)         (604,416) 
 
At 31 December 2023                              2,005,199              29,964         4,031,732         2,197,432            203,842       8,468, 169  
 
 
At 1 January 2022                                                  -              38,998         3,141,309         2,367,219                        -       5,547,526 
Profit expense during the year                                -                1,023            142,314            128,432                        -          271,769  
Profit paid during the year                                        -                       -           (138,539)          (126,1 48)                       -         (264,687) 
Additions                                                                  -              10,635         2,424,999            29 9,000                        -       2,734,634 
Repayment and redemption                                    -             (23,322)        (1,214,675)          (237,786)                       -      (1,475,783) 
 
At 31 December 2022                                             -              27,334         4,355,408         2,430,717                        -       6,813,459  
 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
STATEMENTS OF  
CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 186

---- Page 189 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
187
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate information  
 
The Company is a public limited liability company, incorporated under the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, domiciled in Malaysia, 
and listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. The address of its registered office and principal place of business 
is as follows: 
 
Level 25, Menara MBSB Bank,  
PJ Sentral,  
Lot 12, Persiaran Barat, Seksyen 52,  
46200 Petaling Jaya,  
Selangor  
 
The Company is principally engaged in investment holding. The Company had ceased providing new financing, but continues to 
manage its remaining conventional loans and advances. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are described in Note 12. There 
have been no significant changes in the nature of the principal activities of the subsidiaries during the financial year.  
 
On 2 October 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of the entire share capital of MIDF with the final purchase consideration 
of RM1,014,295,048.55 satisfied through the issuance and allotment of 1,050,828,629 new ordinary shares in MBSB at the issue 
price of RM0.9652 to PNB. In the financial statements, MIDF and its subsidiaries are referred to as MIDF Group.  
 
The immediate and ultimate holding body of the Company is EPF , a statutory body established under the Employee Provident Fund 
Act 1991 (Act 452).  
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 comprise the Company 
and its subsidiaries.  
 
These financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 22 April 2024.     
 
1. Basis of preparation  
 
The financial statements of the Group and the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Malaysian Financial 
Reporting Standards (“MFRS”), International Financial Reporting Standards, and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 
in Malaysia.  
 
The financial statements have been prepared under historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of financial assets 
at fair value through profit or loss, debts instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, derivatives financial  
instruments and non-current assets held for sale.  
 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with MFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the 
date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported period. It also requires 
the Directors to exercise their judgement in the process of applying the Group’s and the Company’s accounting policies. Although 
these estimates and judgement are based on the Directors’ best knowledge of current events and actions, actual results may 
differ from those estimates.  
 
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 187

---- Page 190 ----
188
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Basis of preparation (cont'd.)  
 
The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to 
the financial statements are disclosed in Note 51.  
 
(a) Standards, amendments to published standards and interpretation that are effective and applicable to the Group 
and the Company                                                                                                                                                 
 
The relevant  new accounting standards, amendments to published standards and interpretation that are effective and 
applicable to the Group and the Company for the financial year beginning 1 January 2023 are as follows:       
                                                                                                                                                                              
● Amendments to MFRS 112 ‘Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction’  
                                                                                                                                                                      
The amendments clarify that the initial exemption rule does not apply to transactions where both an asset and a 
liability are recognised at the same time such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Accordingly, entities are 
required to recognise both deferred tax assets and liabilities for all deductible and taxable temporary differences 
arising from such transactions.                                                                                                                      
 
● Amendments to MFRS 101, MFRS Practice Statement 2 and MFRS 108 on disclosure of accounting policies and 
definition of accounting estimates                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                     
Amendments on disclosure of accounting policies - Amendments to MFRS 101 and MFRS Practice Statement 2
                                                                                                                                                                     
The amendments to MFRS 101 require companies to disclose material accounting policies rather than significant 
accounting policies. Entities are expected to make disclosure of accounting policies specific to the entity and not 
generic disclosures on MFRS applications.                                                                                                  
 
The amendment explains an accounting policy is material if, when considered together with other information included 
in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of 
general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements. Also, accounting policy 
information is expected to be material if, without it, the users of the financial statements would be unable to understand 
other material information in the financial statements. Accordingly, immaterial accounting policy information need not 
be disclosed. However, if it is disclosed, it should not obscure material accounting policy information.    
 
MFRS Practice Statement 2 was amended to provide guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to 
accounting policy disclosures.                                                                                                                      
 
Amendments on definition of accounting estimates (Amendments to MFRS 108)                                       
 
The amendments to MFRS 108, redefined accounting estimates as “monetary amounts in financial statements that 
are subject to measurement uncertainty”. To distinguish from changes in accounting policies, the amendments clarify 
that effects of a change in an input or measurement technique used to develop an accounting estimate is a change 
in accounting estimate, if they do not arise from prior period errors. Examples of accounting estimates include 
expected credit losses; net realisable value of inventory; fair value of an asset or liability; depreciation for property, 
plant and equipment; and provision for warranty obligations.                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                      
The adoption of the above amendments to published standards did not have any impact on the current period or any 
period and is not likely to affect future periods.                                                                                                    
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 188

---- Page 191 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
189
1. Basis of preparation (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Standards, amendments to published standards and interpretations to existing standards that are applicable to 
the Group and the Company but not yet effective                                                                                           
 
The Group and the Company will apply these standards and amendments to published standards from:        
 
(i) Financial year beginning on/after 1 January 2024 
 
● Amendments to MFRS 101 ‘Classification of liabilities as current or non-current’ and ‘Non-current liabilities with 
covenants’  
 
There are two amendments to MFRS 101 ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’                               
                                                                                                                                                             
The first amendment, ‘Classification of liabilities as current or non-current’ clarify that a liability is classified as 
non-current if an entity has the right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting period. Such a 
right exists when an entity complies with covenants based on its circumstances at the reporting date, even if 
compliance with such covenants were tested only within 12 months after that date.                          
                                                                                                                                                             
The second amendment, ‘Non-current liabilities with covenants’ were in response to concerns raised on applying 
the 2020 amendments explained in the preceding paragraph on the current vs non-current classification of 
liabilities with covenants that would have become effective for annual periods beginning on or after 2023. The 
2022 amendments specify that covenants of loan arrangements which an entity must comply with only after the 
reporting date would not affect classification of a liability as current or non-current at the reporting date. However, 
those covenants that an entity is required to comply with on or before the reporting date would affect classification 
of a liability as current or non-current, even if the covenant is only assessed after the reporting date.  
                                                                                                                                                              
Both amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and shall be 
applied retrospectively.                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                              
● Amendments to MFRS 16 'Lease Liability' in a Sale and Leaseback                                                   
                                                                                                                                                             
The amendments specify that the measurement of the lease liability arises in a sale and leaseback transaction 
which satisfies the requirements in MFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’ to be accounted for as 
a sale. In accordance with the amendments, the seller-lessee shall determine the “lease payments” or “revised 
lease payments” in a way that it does not result in the seller-lessee recognising any amount of the gain or loss 
that relates to the right of use it retains.                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                              
The amendments shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date 
when the seller-lessee initially applied MFRS 16.                                                                                  
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 189

---- Page 192 ----
190
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Basis of preparation (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Standards, amendments to published standards and interpretations to existing standards that are applicable to 
the Group and the Company but not yet effective (cont’d.)                                                                            
 
The Group and the Company will apply these standards and amendments to published standards from : (cont’d.)  
 
(i) Financial year beginning on/after 1 January 2025  
 
● Amendments to MFRS 121 ‘Lack of Exchangeability’  
 
An entity is impacted by the amendments when it has a transaction or an operation in a foreign currency that is 
not exchangeable into another currency at a measurement date for a specified purpose. 
 
A currency is exchangeable when there is an ability to obtain the other currency (with a normal administrative 
delay), and the transaction would take place through a market or exchange mechanism that creates enforceable 
rights and obligations.  
 
When a currency is not exchangeable into another currency, the spot exchange rate needs to be estimated, i.e. 
to determine the rate at which an orderly exchange transaction would take place at that date between market 
participants under prevailing economic conditions.  
 
The amendments do not specify how an entity estimates the spot exchange rate but permit an entity to use 
observable exchange rate without adjustment or another estimation technique, provided it could meet the 
objective of estimating the spot exchange rate set out in the amendments.  
 
When the amendments are first applied, an entity is not permitted to restate comparative information. Instead, 
the entity should translate the amount affected by foreign currency that lacks exchangeability using the estimated 
spot exchange rates at the date of initial application. Entity is also required to make additional disclosures when 
exchangeability is lacking.  
 
The adoption of the amendments to published standards are not expected to give rise to material financial impact to 
the Group and the Company.  
 
 
2. Summary of material accounting policies  
 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to the periods presented in these financial statements 
unless otherwise stated.  
 
(a) Currency translations                                                                                                                                          
 
(i) Functional and presentation currency  
 
Items included in the financial statements of the Group and the Company is measured using the currency of the 
primary economic environment in which the entity operates (“the functional currency”). The consolidated financial 
statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia ("RM"), which is the Group and the Company’s functional and 
presentation currency and has been rounded to the nearest thousand (RM'000) except when otherwise indicated.  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 190

---- Page 193 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
191
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to the periods presented in these financial statements 
unless otherwise stated. (cont’d.)  
 
(a) Currency translations (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Foreign currency transactions and balances  
 
Foreign currency transactions are translated to the respective functional currencies using the exchange rates prevailing 
at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are remeasured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting 
from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss. 
 
Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents are presented in profit 
or loss within net other income. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in profit or loss on a net 
basis.  
 
(b) Basis of consolidation                                                                                                                                         
 
(i) Subsidiaries  
 
A subsidiary is an entity over which the Company has all of the following:  
 
● power over the investee;  
● exposure or rights to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and  
● the ability to use its power to affect those returns.  
 
In the Company’s separate financial statements, investment in subsidiary is accounted for at cost less any impairment 
losses. The policy for the recognition and measurement of impairment losses is in accordance with Note 2(t) below. 
On disposal of such investment, the difference between the net disposal proceeds and its carrying amount is included 
in profit or loss. Dividend income received from subsidiary is recognised in profit or loss on the date that the Company's 
right to receive payment is established.  
 
(ii) Business combination  
 
Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, and 
continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. The assessment of control is performed 
continuously to determine if control exists or continues to exist over an entity. Acquisitions of subsidiaries are 
accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting when the acquired sets of activities and assets meet the 
definition of a business. The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and 
assets include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. 
The identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, with limited exceptions, are measured at their fair values 
at the acquisition date. Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses.  
 
The difference between these fair values and the fair value of the consideration (including the fair value of any pre-
existing investment in the acquiree) is goodwill or discount on acquisition. Discount on acquisition which represents 
gain on bargain purchase is recognised immediately in profit or loss.  
 
In business combinations achieved in stages, previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value 
at the acquisition date and any corresponding gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 191

---- Page 194 ----
192
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Basis of consolidation (cont'd.) 
 
(ii) Business combination (cont'd.)  
 
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. 
Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is 
recognised in accordance with MFRS 9 in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not 
remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.  
 
For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interest in the acquiree at 
the acquisition date either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.  
 
Changes in the Group’s equity interest in a subsidiary that does not result in a loss of control are accounted for as 
equity transactions. In such circumstances, the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests are 
adjusted to reflect the changes in their respective interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by 
which the non-controlling interest is adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised 
directly in Group's reserves.  
 
If the Group losses control over a subsidiary, at the date the Group losses control, it:  
 
● derecognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary at their respective carrying amounts; 
● derecognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest;  
● derecognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity;  
● recognises the fair value of the consideration or distribution received;  
● recognises the fair value of any investment retained;  
● recognises any surplus or deficit in profit or loss; and  
● reclassifies the parent’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income to profit or 
loss or retained earnings, as appropriate.  
 
Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies 
adopted by the Group.  
 
(iii) Transactions eliminated on consolidation  
 
Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated. 
Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred 
asset.  
 
(c) Intangible assets and amortisation                                                                                                                    
 
(i) Goodwill  
 
Goodwill arises from a business combination and represents the excess of the aggregate of fair value of consideration 
transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of any previous equity interest 
in the acquiree over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the acquisition 
date. If the fair value of consideration transferred, the amount of non-controlling interest and the fair value of previously 
held interest in the acquiree are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquiree, the resulting gain 
is recognised in profit or loss. 
 
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired is allocated, from the acquisition date, to each of the Group’s 
cash-generating units ("CGU") that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination in which goodwill 
arose, identified according to operating segment.  
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 192

---- Page 195 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
193
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(c) Intangible assets and amortisation (cont'd.)                                                                                                     
 
(i) Goodwill (cont'd.)  
 
Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.  
 
The carrying value of goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair 
value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not subsequently 
reversed.  
 
(ii) Software and license  
 
Computer software development costs recognised as assets are amortised from the point at which the asset is ready 
for use over their estimated useful lives. Acquired computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs 
incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific software.  
 
The useful life of software and license is assessed to be finite and is amortised on a straight-line basis over 5 years.  
 
(iii) Other intangible assets  
 
Intangible assets other than goodwill, software and licenses that are acquired are measured initially at cost. The cost 
of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is their fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial 
acquisition, these intangible assets are measured at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated 
impairment losses.  
 
Other intangible assets in the Group are as follows:  
Banking license  
 
Banking license was acquired from acquisition of banking subsidiary, MBSB Bank. The useful life of banking license 
is assessed to be infinite and are assessed for impairment annually.  
 
Core deposit  
 
Core deposit represents the current account deposits and saving account deposits that were acquired from acquisition 
of MBSB Bank Berhad. Core deposit is amortised over the expected economic benefit period of 6 years.  
 
(iv) Amortisation  
 
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over the estimated useful lives and assessed for impairment 
whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation 
method are reviewed at least at each financial year-end. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern 
of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortisation 
period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on 
intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in profit or loss.  
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 193

---- Page 196 ----
194
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(c) Intangible assets and amortisation (cont'd.) 
 
(iv) Amortisation (cont’d.) 
 
Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, or which are not yet available for use, are tested for 
impairment annually, or more frequently if the events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be 
impaired either individually or at the CGU level. Such goodwill and intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life 
of a goodwill and intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is reviewed annually to determine whether the useful 
life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite to finite is made on a 
prospective basis.  
 
Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal 
proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.  
 
(d) Property and equipment and depreciation                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                             
All items of property and equipment are initially recorded at cost. The cost of an item of property and equipment is 
recognised as an asset if, and only if, it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the 
Group and the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.                                                     
 
Subsequent to recognition, property and equipment are measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any 
accumulated impairment losses. When significant parts of property and equipment are required to be replaced, the Group 
and the Company recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciation. Likewise, when a 
major inspection is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the property and equipment as a replacement 
if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.  
 
Depreciation of property and equipment is provided for on a straight-line basis to write down the cost of each asset to its 
residual value over the estimated useful life from the date they are available for use. The estimated useful life is as follows: 
 
Work in progress                                                                                                                                                                    * 
Buildings                                                                                                                                                                    40 years 
Building renovation                                                                                                                                                      5 years 
Furniture and equipment                                                                                                                                             5 years 
Motor vehicles                                                                                                                                                             5 years 
Data processing equipment                                                                                                                                        5 years
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
* Property and equipment in progress will not be depreciated until they become ready for use.                   
 
The carrying amounts of property and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Valuations are performed with sufficient regularity to ensure 
that the fair value of a revalued asset does not differ materially from its carrying amount. 
 
The residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed at end of the reporting period, and adjusted 
prospectively, if appropriate.  
 
An item of property and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from 
its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on derecognition of the asset is included in profit or loss in the year the asset is 
derecognised.                                                                                                                                                        
 
Freehold land has unlimited useful life and therefore is not depreciated.                                                             
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 194

---- Page 197 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
195
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(e) Leases  
 
Leases are recognised as right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and a corresponding liability at the date on which the leased asset is 
available for use by the Group and the Company (i.e. the commencement date).                                               
                                                                                                                                                                              
Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group and the Company allocate the consideration in 
the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices.                      
 
(i) Lease term  
 
In determining the lease term, the Group and the Company considers all facts and circumstances that create an 
economic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not to exercise a termination option. Extension options (or 
periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended 
(or not to be terminated).  
 
The Group and the Company reassess the lease term upon the occurrence of a significant event or change in 
circumstances that is within the control of the Group, and affects whether the Group and the Company is reasonably 
certain to exercise an option not previously included in the determination of lease term, or not to exercise an option 
previously included in the determination of lease term. A revision in lease term results in remeasurement of the lease 
liabilities. See accounting policy below on reassessment of lease liabilities.  
 
(ii) ROU assets  
 
ROU assets are initially measured at cost comprising the following:  
 
● the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;                                                                        
● any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentive received; 
● any initial direct costs; and                                                                                                                    
● decommissioning or restoration costs.                                                                                                 
 
ROU assets that are not investment properties are subsequently measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation 
and impairment loss (if any). The ROU assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and 
the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group and the Company are reasonably certain to exercise a purchase 
option, the ROU asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life. In addition, the ROU assets are adjusted 
for certain remeasurement of the lease liabilities.  
 
(iii) Lease liabilities  
 
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. The 
lease payments include the following:  
 
● Fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentive receivable;          
● Amounts expected to be payable by the Group and the Company under residual value guarantees;  
● The exercise price of a purchase and extension options if the Group and the Company are reasonably certain to 
exercise that option; and 
● Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group and the Company exercising 
that option.                                                                                                                                             
 
Lease payments are discounted using the profit rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, 
which is generally the case for leases in the Group and the Company, an incremental borrowing rate is used in 
determining the discount rate which assumes the profit rate that the Group and the Company would have to pay to 
borrow over a similar term, the funds necessary to obtain the asset.  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 195

---- Page 198 ----
196
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(e) Leases (cont'd.) 
 
(iii) Lease liabilities (cont'd.)  
 
Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to statements of income 
over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of profit on the remaining balance of the liability for 
each period.  
 
The Group and the Company present the lease liabilities as a separate line item in the statements of financial position. 
Profit expense on the lease liability is presented within the operating expenses in the statements of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income.  
 
(iv) Short term leases and leases of low value assets  
 
The Group and the Company elect to apply MFRS 16 recognition exemption such as short-term leases and leases for 
which the underlying asset is of low value. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less with 
no purchase option. Low-value assets comprise small items of office furniture. Payments associated with short-term 
leases and all leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in the statements of 
profit or loss and other comprehensive income.  
 
(f) Investment properties  
 
Investment properties, which is a freehold land and a building, is owned for capital appreciation and is not occupied by 
the Company.                                                                                                                                                        
 
The investment properties are initially recognised at cost and subsequently at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. 
The carrying amount of the investment properties are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to determine whether 
there are any indication of impairment based on market value determined by independent qualified valuers. Right-of-use 
asset held under a lease contract that meets the definition of investment properties are initially measured similarly as other 
right-of-use assets. 
 
An investment properties are derecognised on its disposal, or when it is permanently withdrawn from use and no future 
economic benefits are expected from its disposal. The difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount 
are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the item are derecognised.                                               
 
For building classified as investment property, depreciation is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the 
estimated useful life of 40 years.                                                                                                                           
 
(g) Employee benefits  
 
(i) Short-term benefits  
 
Wages, salaries, bonuses and social security contributions are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed 
of in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees of the Group and the Company. Short-
term accumulating compensated absences such as paid annual leave are recognised when services are rendered by 
employees that increase their entitlement to future compensated absences. Short-term non-accumulating 
compensated absences such as sick leave are recognised when the absences occur.  
 
(ii) Defined contribution plans  
As required by law, companies in Malaysia make contributions to the EPF , a defined contribution pension scheme. 
Such contributions are recognised as an expense in profit or loss when incurred.  
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 196

---- Page 199 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
197
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(g) Employee benefits (cont'd.)  
 
(iii) Defined benefit plans  
 
The MIDF Group operates an unfunded, defined Retirement Benefit Scheme ("the Scheme") for their eligible employees. 
The MIDF Group's obligation under the Scheme, calculated using the Projected Unit Credit Method, is determined 
based on actuarial computations by independent actuaries, through which the amount of benefit that employees have 
earned in return for their service in the current and prior financial years is estimated. That benefit is discounted in order 
to determine its present value. Re-measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses are recognised immediately 
in the statements of financial position with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through OCI in the 
period in which they occur. Re-measurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.  
 
Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss on the earlier of:  
 
● The date of the plan amendment or curtailment; and                                                                           
● The date that the MIDF Group recognises restructuring-related costs.                                                
 
Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability. The MIDF Group recognises 
the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation under "staff costs" in the statements of profit or loss;  
 
● Service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non-
routine settlements; and                                                                                                                        
● Net interest expense or income.                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                              
(h) Foreclosed assets  
 
Foreclosed assets are stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell and reported within “Other Assets”. 
 
(i) Provisions  
 
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable 
that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount can be made.  
 
Where the Group expects a provision to be reimbursed by another party, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate 
asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.  
 
Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined 
by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect 
to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.                                                            
 
Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures expected to be required 
to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as finance cost expense.
 
(j) Commitments and contingencies  
 
The Group and the Company issue financial guarantees, letter of credit and financing commitments but the norminal values 
of these instruments are not recorded in the statement of financial position. The same assessment criteria are used by the 
Group and the Company in making commitments and conditional obligations for off-balance sheet risks as it does for on-
balance sheet financing assets.                                                                                                                            
 
The measurement of credit loss for these irrecoverable off-balance sheet assets is based on a three-stage ECL model as 
described in Note 2(t).                                                                                                                                           
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 197

---- Page 200 ----
198
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.) 
 
(k) Contingent assets and liabilities  
 
The Group does not recognise contingent assets and liabilities other than those arising from business combinations, but 
discloses its existence in the financial statements.                                                                                              
 
A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Group or a present 
obligation that is not recognised because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the 
obligation. A contingent liability also arises in the extremely rare case where there is a liability that cannot be recognised 
because it cannot be measured reliably. However, contingent liabilities do not include financial guarantee contracts.  
 
A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Group. The Group does not recognise 
contingent assets but discloses its existence where inflows of economic benefits are probable, but not virtually certain.  
 
(l) Cash and cash equivalents  
 
Cash and short-term funds in the statements of financial position consist of cash and balances with banks and other 
financial institutions, money at call and deposit placements with banks and other financial institutions with original maturities 
of 3 months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of 
changes in value.                                                                                                                                                   
 
For the purposes of the statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term funds as 
defined above.                                                                                                                                                       
 
(m) Fiduciary assets  
 
The Group provides trust and other fiduciary services that result in the holding or investing of assets on behalf of its clients. 
Assets held in fiduciary capacity are not recognised as the assets of the Group.                                                
                                                                                                                                                                              
(n) Impairment of non-financial assets  
 
The Group and the Company assess at the end of each reporting period whether there is an indication that an asset may 
be impaired. If any such indication exists, or when an annual impairment assessment for an asset is required, the Group 
and the Company make an estimate of the asset's recoverable amount. For goodwill and intangible assets that have an 
indefinite useful lives or that are not yet available for use, the recoverable amount is estimated at each period at the same 
time.                                                                                                                                                                       
 
An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. For the 
purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from 
continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.  
 
Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, for the purpose of goodwill impairment testing, CGU to which goodwill has 
been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the lowest level at which 
goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. The goodwill acquired in a business combination, for the purpose of 
impairment testing, is allocated to a cash-generating unit or a group of CGU that are expected to benefit from the synergies 
of the combination.  
 
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less cost of disposal. In 
assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are discounted to their 
present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the asset. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is written 
down to its recoverable amount.  
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 198

---- Page 201 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
199
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(n) Impairment of non-financial assets (cont'd.)  
 
An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated recoverable 
amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGU are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill 
allocated to the CGU (group of CGU) and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the CGU (groups of 
CGU) on a pro-rata basis.                                                                                                                                      
 
An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is any indication that a previously recognised 
impairment loss may no longer exist or may have decreased. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if 
there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss 
was recognised. If that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. That increase 
cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation and/or amortisation, had no 
impairment loss been recognised previously. Such reversal is recognised in profit or loss. Impairment loss on goodwill is 
not reversed in a subsequent period.                                                                                                                   
 
(o) Financial assets  
 
(i) Classification  
 
The Group classify their financial assets into the following measurement categories:  
 
● Fair value (either through other comprehensive income (“OCI”), or through profit or loss), and           
● Amortised cost.                                                                                                                                      
 
The classification depends on the Group's business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual 
terms of the cash flows.  
 
(a)    Business model assessment                                                                                                              
 
The Group conduct assessment of the objective of a business model to align with how an asset held within a 
portfolio is being managed. Factors that are being considered include the key objectives of a portfolio whether 
the business strategy is to earn contractual interest revenue, matching the duration of the financial assets to the 
duration of the liabilities that are funding those assets or realising a portfolio through sale of assets. Other factors 
considered also include the frequency and volume of sales in prior periods, how the asset’s performance is 
evaluated and reported to key management personnel.                                                                       
 
(b) Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and profit/interest ("SPPI")  
 
Where the business model is to hold the financial assets to collect contractual cash flows, or to collect contractual 
cash flows and sell, the Group and the Company assess whether the financial assets’ contractual cash flows 
represent solely payment of principal and profit/interest. In applying the SPPI test, the Group and the Company 
consider whether the contractual cash flows are consistent with a basic lending arrangement, i.e. profit includes 
only consideration for time value of money, credit risk, other basic lending risks and a profit margin that is 
consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility 
that are inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement, the related financial asset is classified and measured at 
fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when 
determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and profit/interest. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 199

---- Page 202 ----
200
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(o) Financial assets (cont'd.) 
 
(i) Classification (cont'd.) 
 
(b) Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and profit/interest ("SPPI") 
(cont'd.)                                                                                                                                                 
 
For financial assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For 
investment in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model in which the investment is held. For 
investment in equity instruments, it is determined by the irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to 
account for the equity investment at fair value through OCI by the Group and the Company.            
 
(i) Financial assets at fair value through OCI comprise of:                                                                 
 
● Equity securities which are not held for trading, and for which the Group and the Company have made 
an irrevocable election at initial recognition to recognise changes in fair value through other 
comprehensive income rather than profit or loss, and                                                          
 
● Debt securities where the contractual cash flows are solely principal and profit and the objective of the 
Group’s and the Company’s business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and 
selling financial assets.                                                                                                          
 
(ii) The Group and the Company classify their financial assets at amortised cost only if both of the following 
criteria are met:                                                                                                                              
 
● The asset is held within a business model with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows, 
and 
 
● The contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal 
and profit on the principal outstanding.                                                                                 
 
(iii) The Group and the Company classify the following financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:  
 
● Debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or fair value through 
comprehensive income;                                                                                                         
 
● Equity investments that are held for trading, and                                                                  
 
● Equity investments for which the entity has not elected to recognise at fair value through other 
comprehensive income.                                                                                                         
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 200

---- Page 203 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
201
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(o) Financial assets (cont'd.) 
 
(ii) Recognition and initial measurement  
 
A financial asset is recognised in the statement of financial position when the Group and the Company become parties 
to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised 
on trade date, the date on which the Group and the Company commit to purchase and sell the assets.   
 
At initial recognition, the Group and the Company measure financial assets at their fair value plus, in the case of a 
financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition 
of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in 
profit or loss.                                                                                                                                                  
 
Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows 
are solely payment of principal and interest.                                                                                                 
 
(iii) Subsequent measurement  
 
(a) Debt instrument                                                                                                                                    
 
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s and the Company’s business model for 
managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories in 
which the Group and the Company classify their debt instruments.                                                    
 
(i) Amortised cost                                                                                                                               
 
Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent 
solely payments of principal and profit/interest, and that are not designated at fair value through profit or 
loss are measured at amortised cost using the effective profit/interest method. Any gain or loss on a debt 
investment measured at amortised cost is recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised or 
impaired. Profit/interest income from these financial assets is included in profit/finance income using the 
effective profit/interest rate method.                                                                                              
 
(ii) Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                                                           
 
Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, 
where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and profit/interest, are measured at 
FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment 
losses or reversal of impairment losses, profit income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are 
recognised in profit and loss.                                                                                                         
 
When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is 
reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in non-interest income. Profit/interest income from 
these financial assets is included in profit/finance income using the effective profit/interest rate method.  
 
(iii) Fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                                                                     
 
Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at fair value through 
profit or loss. The Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at FVTPL if doing so significantly 
reduces or eliminates a mismatch created by assets and liabilities being measured on different bases. Fair 
value changes is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within non-interest income in the period 
which it arises.                                                                                                                               
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 201

---- Page 204 ----
202
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(o) Financial assets (cont'd.) 
 
(iii) Subsequent measurement (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Equity instrument (cont'd.)                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                             
The Group and the Company subsequently measure all equity investments at fair value except where the 
management has elected, at initial recognition to irrevocably designate at equity instrument at FVOCI. Where the 
Group’s and the Company’s management have elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity 
investments in other comprehensive income, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses 
to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be 
recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s and the Company’s right to receive payments is 
established.                                                                                                                                            
 
Changes in the fair value of financial investments at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in non-interest 
income in the statement of income as applicable.                                                                                
 
(iv) Reclassification of financial assets  
 
The Group and the Company reclassify financial assets when and only when their business model for managing those 
assets changes. In such cases, the Group and the Company are required to reclassify all affected financial assets. 
However, it will be inappropriate to reclassify financial assets that have been designated at FVTPL, or equity instrument 
that have been designated at FVOCI even when there is a change in business model. Such designation are irrevocable. 
 
(v) Modification of financing  
 
The Group and the Company may renegotiate or otherwise modify the contractual cash flows of financing to 
customers. When this happens, the Group and the Company assess whether or not the new terms are substantially 
different to the original terms. The Group and the Company do this by considering, among others, the following factors: 
 
● If the borrower is in financial difficulty, whether the modification merely reduces the contractual cash flows to 
amounts the borrower is expected to be able to pay.  
● Whether any substantial new terms are introduced, such as a profit share/equity-based return that substantially 
affects the risk profile of the financing.  
● Significant extension of the financing term when the borrower is not in financial difficulty.  
● Significant change in the profit/interest rate.  
● Change in the currency the loan/financing is denominated in.  
● Insertion of collateral, other security or credit enhancements that significantly affect the credit risk associated 
with the financing.  
 
If the terms are substantially different, the Group and the Company derecognise the original financial asset and 
recognises a ”new” asset at fair value and recalculates a new effective profit/interest rate for the asset. The date of 
renegotiation is consequently considered to be the date of initial recognition for impairment calculation purposes, 
including for the purpose of determining whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred. However, the Group 
and the Company also assess whether the new financial asset recognised is deemed to be credit-impaired at initial 
recognition, especially in circumstances where the renegotiation was driven by the debtor being unable to make the 
originally agreed payments. Differences in the carrying amount are also recognised in statements of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income as a gain or loss on derecognition.  
 
 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 202

---- Page 205 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
203
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(o) Financial assets (cont'd.)  
 
(v) Modification of financing (cont'd.)  
 
If the terms are not substantially different, the renegotiation or modification does not result in derecognition, and the 
Group and the Company recalculate the gross carrying amount based on the revised cash flows of the financial asset 
and recognises a modification gain or loss in statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The new 
gross carrying amount is recalculated by discounting the modified cash flows at the original effective profit rate (or 
credit-adjusted effective profit rate for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets).  
 
(p) Financial liabilities  
 
Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost, except for trading liabilities and liabilities designated at fair value, which 
are held at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value less transaction costs for 
all financial liabilities not carried at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are 
initially recognised at fair value, and transaction costs are expensed in statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income. Financial liabilities are derecognised when extinguished.  
 
(i) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                      
This category comprises two sub-categories: financial liabilities classified as held for trading, and financial liabilities 
designated at fair value through profit or loss upon initial recognition. 
 
A financial liability is classified as held for trading if it is acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or  
repurchasing it in the near term or if it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that are managed together 
and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking. Derivatives are also categorised 
as held for trading unless they are designated and effective as hedging instruments. 
 
The financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit and loss upon initial recognition are trading derivatives 
and financial liabilities designated at fair value. 
 
Financial liabilities, other than those held for trading, are classified as financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss if they meet one or more of the criteria set out below, and are so designated by management.  
 
The Group and the Company may designate financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss when the designation: 
 
● Eliminates or significantly reduces measurement or recognition inconsistencies that would otherwise arise from 
measuring financial assets or financial liabilities, or recognising gains and losses on them, on different bases;  
● Applies to groups of financial liabilities that are managed, and their performance evaluated, on a fair value basis 
in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy; and  
● Relates to financial liabilities containing one or more embedded derivatives that significantly modify the cash 
flows resulting from those financial instruments.  
 
The fair value designation, once made, is irrevocable. Designated financial liabilities are recognised when the Group 
and the Company enter into the contractual provisions of the arrangements with counterparties, which is generally 
on trade date, and are normally derecognised when extinguished (liabilities). Measurement is initially at fair value, with 
transaction costs taken to the statements of income. Subsequently, the fair values are remeasured, and gains and 
losses from changes therein are recognised in the statements of income.                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                      
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 203

---- Page 206 ----
204
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(p) Financial liabilities (cont'd.) 
 
(i) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (cont'd.)                                                               
 
The component of fair value changes relating to the Group and the Company’s own credit risk is recognised in OCI. 
Amounts recorded in OCI related to credit risk are not subject to recycling to profit or loss, but are transferred to 
retained earnings when realised.                                                                                                                   
 
The Group and the Company determine the amount of fair value changes which are attributable to credit risk, by first 
determining the changes due to market conditions which give rise to market risk, and then deducting those changes 
from the total change in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Market conditions which 
give rise to market risk include changes in the benchmark interest rate. Fair value movements on the conversion 
option embedded derivative are excluded from the assessment of market risk fair value changes. The Group and the 
Company believe that this approach most faithfully represents the amount of change in fair value due to the Group's 
and the Company’s own credit risk, as the changes in factors contributing to the fair value of the items other than the 
changes in the benchmark interest rate are not deemed to be significant.                                                  
 
(ii) Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                                                                                        
 
Financial liabilities that are not classified as fair value through profit or loss fall into this category and are measured at 
amortised cost.                                                                                                                                              
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are deposits from customers, deposits and placements of banks and 
other financial institutions, investment accounts of customers, Islamic repurchase agreement, other payables, lease 
liabilities, recourse obligation on financing sold, sukuk, borrowings and government grant.                       
 
(q) Offsetting financial instruments  
 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position when there is 
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the 
asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforcable right must not be contingent on future events and must 
be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of defaults, insolvency or bankruptcy.  
 
(r) Financial guarantee contracts  
 
Financial guarantee contracts are contracts that require the Group and the Company to make specified payments to 
reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due, in accordance with 
the terms of a debt instrument. Such financial guarantees are given to banks, financial institutions and other bodies on 
behalf of customers to secure loans, overdrafts and other banking facilities.  
 
Financial guarantees are initially recognised in the financial statements at fair value on the date the guarantee was given. 
Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The liability is initially 
measured at fair value. The fair value of financial guarantees is determined as the present value of the difference in net 
cash flows between the contractual payments under the debt instrument and the payments that would be required without 
the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations. Subsequent 
to initial recognition, financial guarantee contracts are subsequently measured at the higher of the amount determined in 
accordance with the expected credit loss model under MFRS 9 “Financial instruments” and the amount initially recognised 
less cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of MFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts 
with Customers”, where appropriate.  
 
Any increase in the liability relating to guarantees is reported in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income within ECL for commitments and contingencies.  
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 204

---- Page 207 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
205
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(s) Islamic repurchase agreements  
 
Obligations on securities sold/transferred under Islamic repurchase agreements are securities which the Group and the 
Company had sold/transferred from its portfolio, with a commitment to repurchase/transfer back at future dates. Such 
financing transactions and the obligation to repurchase/transfer back the securities are reflected as a liability on the 
statements of financial position.  
 
The difference between purchase and resale price is treated as profit and accrued over the life of the repurchase agreement 
using the effective yield method.  
 
(t) Impairment of financial assets  
 
The Group and the Company assess on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its financial assets carried at 
amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income. The impairment methodology applied depends on 
whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.  
 
The Group and the Company assess whether the credit risk on an exposure has increased significantly on an individual or 
collective basis. The Group and the Company first assess whether objective evidence of impairment exists for financial 
assets which are individually significant. If the Group and the Company determine the objective evidence of impairment 
exists, i.e. credit-impaired for an individually assessed financial asset, a lifetime ECL will be recognised for impairment 
loss. Financial assets which are collectively assessed are grouped on the basis of similar credit risk characteristics.  
 
The Group and the Company have adopted the general approach for ECL.  
 
Measurement  
 
The Group and the Company recognise loss allowances for ECL on financial assets measured at amortised cost and 
financial investments measured at FVOCI (debt securities), but not on investments in equity instruments. ECL are a 
probability-weighted estimate of credit losses.  
 
The Group and the Company measure loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECL except for debt securities that 
are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date and other financial instruments of which credit risk has not 
increased significantly since initial recognition, which are measured at 12-month ECL.  
 
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when 
estimating ECL, the Group and the Company consider reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available 
without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s 
and the Company's historical experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information, where 
available.  
 
The key inputs into the measurement of ECL are the term structure of the following variables:  
 
● probability of default ("PD");                                                                                                                          
● loss given default ("LGD"); and                                                                                                                      
● exposure at default ("EAD").                                                                                                                          
 
ECL for exposures in Stage 1 is calculated by multiplying the 12-month PD by LGD and EAD. Lifetime ECL is calculated 
by multiplying the lifetime PD by LGD and EAD.  
 
PD provides an estimate of the likelihood that a customer will be unable to meet its debt obligation or default over a 
particular time horizon, usually in the course of 1 year.  
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 205

---- Page 208 ----
206
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(t) Impairment of financial assets (cont'd.)  
 
Measurement (cont'd.)  
 
LGD is the magnitude of the likely loss if there is a default. The Group and the Company estimate LGD parameters based on 
the history of recovery rates of claims against defaulted counterparties. The LGD models consider the structure, collateral, 
seniority of the claim, counterparty industry and recovery costs of any collateral that is integral to the financial asset.  
 
EAD represents the expected exposure in the event of a default. The Group and the Company derive the EAD from the 
current exposure to the counterparty and potential changes to the current amount allowed under the contract and arising 
from amortisation. The EAD of a financial asset is its gross carrying amount at the time of default. For lending commitments, 
the EADs are potential future amounts that may be drawn under the contract, which are estimated based on historical 
observations and forward-looking forecasts. For financial guarantees, the EAD represents the amount of the guaranteed 
exposure when the financial guarantee becomes payable. For some financial assets, EAD is determined by modelling the 
range of possible exposure outcomes at various points in time using scenario and statistical techniques.  
 
As described above, and subject to using a maximum of a 12-month PD for Stage 1 financial assets, the Group and the 
Company measure ECL considering the risk of default over the maximum contractual period (including any customer’s 
extension options) over which they are exposed to credit risk, even if, for credit risk management purposes, the Group and 
the Company consider a longer period. The maximum contractual period extends to the date at which the Group and the 
Company have the right to require repayment of an advance or terminate a financing commitment or guarantee.  
 
However, for facilities that include both a financing and an undrawn commitment component, the Group and the Company 
measure ECL over a period longer than the maximum contractual period if the Group’s and the Company's contractual 
ability to demand repayment and cancel the undrawn commitment does not limit the Group’s and the Company's exposure 
to credit losses to the contractual notice period. These facilities do not have a fixed term or repayment structure. The Group 
and the Company can cancel them with immediate effect but this contractual right is not enforced in the normal day-to-
day management, but only when the Group and the Company become aware of an increase in credit risk at the facility 
level. This longer period is estimated taking into account the credit risk management actions that the  Group and the 
Company expect to take, and that serve to mitigate ECL. These include a reduction in limits, cancellation of the facility 
and/or turning the outstanding balance into a financing with fixed repayment terms.  
 
Where modelling of a parameter is carried out on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of 
shared risk characteristics that include but not limited to:  
 
● instrument type;                                                                                                                                            
● credit risk gradings;                                                                                                                                       
● collateral type;                                                                                                                                               
● financing-to-value ("FTV") ratio for retail property financing;                                                                        
● date of initial recognition;                                                                                                                              
● remaining term to maturity;                                                                                                                           
● industry; and                                                                                                                                                 
● geographic location of the customer. 
                                                                                                                                                                      
The groupings are subject to regular review to ensure that exposures within a particular group remain appropriately 
homogeneous. For portfolios in respect of which the  Group has limited historical data, external benchmark information is 
used to supplement the internally available data.  
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 206

---- Page 209 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
207
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(t) Impairment of financial assets (cont'd.)  
 
Recognition  
 
Lifetime ECL is the ECL that results from all possible default events over the expected life of the asset, while 12-month 
ECL are the portion of ECL that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date. 
The maximum period considered when estimating ECL is the maximum contractual period over which the Group and the 
Company are exposed to credit risk.  
 
Financial assets are segregated into 3 stages depending on the changes in credit quality since initial recognition.  
 
Stage 1 includes financial assets that do not have a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or those that 
have low credit risk at reporting date. For these assets, 12-month ECL are recognised and profit income is calculated on 
the gross carrying amount of the assets.  
 
Stage 2 includes financial assets that have a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition but do not have 
objective evidence of impairment. For those assets, lifetime ECL is recognised and profit income is still calculated on the 
gross carrying amount of the asset.  
 
Stage 3 includes financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at reporting date. For these assets, lifetime 
ECL is recognised and profit income is calculated on the net carrying amount.  
 
Significant increase in credit risk ("SICR")  
 
Obligatory triggers applied by the Group and the Company in determining whether there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk is where the principal or profit or both of the financing assets are overdue for more than 1 month, but less than 
3 months or hit any of the qualitative indicators but not limited to increase in internal credit spread of an existing facility, 
breach of covenants and decrease in securities prices.  
 
The credit risk may also be deemed to have increased significantly since initial recognition based on qualitative factors 
linked to the Group’s and the Company's credit risk management processes. This will be the case for exposures that meet 
certain heightened risk criteria, such as placement on a watchlist. Such qualitative factors are based on the management's 
expert judgement and relevant historical experiences.  
 
 Group and the Company determine days past due by counting the number of days since the earliest elapsed due date in 
respect of which full payment has not been received. 
 
If there is evidence that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk relative to initial recognition, then the lo ss 
allowance on a financial asset returns to being measured as 12-month ECL. Some qualitative indicators of an increase in 
credit risk, such as delinquency or forbearance, may be indicative of an increased risk of default that persists after the 
indicator itself has ceased to exist. In these cases, the Group and the Company determine a probation period during which 
the financial asset is required to demonstrate good behaviour to provide evidence that its credit risk has declined sufficiently. 
When contractual terms of a financing have been modified, evidence that the criteria for recognising lifetime ECL are no 
longer met includes a history of up-to-date payment performance against the modified contractual terms.  
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 207

---- Page 210 ----
208
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(t) Impairment of financial assets (cont'd.) 
 
Credit-impaired (Default)  
 
At each reporting date, the Group and the Company assess whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt 
securities at fair value through other comprehensive income are credit-impaired. A financial asset is credit-impaired when 
one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred. 
 
The Group and the Company consider a financial asset to be in default when:  
 
(a) Payment conduct                                                                                                                                          
 
• Where the principal or profit or both of the financing is past due for more than ninety (90) days or three (3) months;  
 
• In the case of revolving facilities (e.g. revolving working capital or overdraft facilities), notwithstanding the first 
trigger above, where the outstanding amount has remained in excess of the approved limit for a period of more 
than ninety (90) days or three (3) months;                                                                                             
 
• Where payments are scheduled on intervals of three (3) months or longer, the account shall be classified as 
impaired as soon as a default occurs (i.e. when the customer is unable to meet the contractual payment terms), 
unless it does not exhibit any weakness that would render it classified as impaired according to the Group’s and 
the Company's credit risk grading framework.                                                                                      
 
(b) Restructured and rescheduled (“R&R”) financing; or                                                                                    
 
(c) Customer/Issuer is declared bankrupt/wound up                                                                                          
 
In assessing whether a customer is in default, the Group and the Company consider indicators that are:  
 
• qualitative: e.g. breaches of covenant;                                                                                                 
• quantitative: e.g. overdue status and non-payment on another obligation of the same issuer to the Group or the 
Company; and                                                                                                                                       
• based on data developed internally and obtained from external sources.                                           
 
Inputs into the assessment of whether a financial asset is in default and their significance may vary over time to reflect 
changes in circumstances. The definition of default largely aligns with that applied by the Group and the Company for 
regulatory capital purposes.                                                                                                                          
 
ECL against credit-impaired financial assets are determined based on an assessment of the recoverable cash flows, 
including the realisation of any collateral held where appropriate. The ECL held represent the difference between the 
present value of the cash flows expected to be recovered, discounted at the instrument’s original effective profit rate, 
and the gross carrying value of the instrument prior to any credit impairment.                                            
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 208

---- Page 211 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
209
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(t) Impairment of financial assets (cont'd.)  
 
Restructured financial assets  
 
If the terms of a financial asset are renegotiated or modified or an existing financial asset is replaced with a new one due 
to financial difficulties of the customer, then an assessment is made of whether the financial asset should be derecognised 
and ECL are measured as follows:  
 
• If the expected restructuring will not result in derecognition of the existing asset, then the expected cash flows arising 
from the modified financial asset are included in calculating the cash shortfalls from the existing asset.   
                                                                                                                                                                      
• If the expected restructuring will result in derecognition of the existing asset, then the expected fair value of the new 
asset is treated as the final cash flow from the existing financial asset at the time of its derecognition. This amount is 
included in calculating the cash shortfalls from the existing financial asset that are discounted from the expected date 
of derecognition to the reporting date using the original effective profit rate of the existing financial asset.  
 
ECL for restructured financial assets that are not considered to be credit-impaired will be recognised on 12-month basis. 
However, if there is a significant increase in credit risk, the ECL will be recognised on a lifetime basis.  
 
Incorporation of forward-looking information  
 
MFRS 9 specifically requires measurement of ECL using not only past and current information, but also including forecast 
information. Hence, the ECL calculations include forward-looking adjustment according to the expected future 
macroeconomic conditions. Forward-looking adjustment incorporated within the ECL model is a combination of statistical 
analysis and expert judgements based on the availability of detailed information. External information considered includes 
economic data and forecasts published by external rating agencies.  
 
Key macroeconomic variables (“MEV”) that are incorporated into the ECL calculations include, but not limited to House 
Price Index ("HPI") and Consumer Price Index ("CPI"). Forward-looking MEVs are supported with 3 economic scenarios 
i.e. baseline, best and worst case scenarios based on the available forecasts.  
 
Methodology and assumptions including forecasts of future economic conditions are reviewed regularly.  
 
Write-down/write-off  
 
Financial assets and related impairment allowances are normally written down/written off, either partially or in full, when 
there is no realistic prospect of recovery of the financial assets. This is generally the case when the Group and the Company 
determine that the customer does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay 
the amounts subject to the write-down/write-off. This assessment is carried out at the individual asset level. Where financial 
assets are secured, the write-down/write-off is normally done after receipt of any proceeds from the realisation of security. 
 
Financial assets that are written down/written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the 
Group's and the Company's procedures for recovery of amounts due.  
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 209

---- Page 212 ----
210
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(u) Share capital  
 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Dividends on ordinary shares are recognised as a liability and deducted from equity 
in the period in which all relevant approvals have been obtained.  
 
The transaction costs of an equity transaction are accounted for as a deduction from equity, net of tax. Equity transaction 
costs comprise only those incremental external costs directly attributable to the equity transaction which would otherwise 
have been avoided.  
 
(v) Earnings per ordinary share  
 
The Group and the Company present the basic earnings per share ("EPS") data for their ordinary shares.  
 
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Group and the Company 
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.  
 
(w) Recognition of interest/profit income and interest/profit expense  
 
Interest/profit income and expense for all interest/profit bearing financial instruments are recognised within interest income 
and interest expense and income from Islamic operations in the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income using the effective interest/profit method. Interest/profit income from financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss is disclosed as separate line item in statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.  
 
The effective interest/profit method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or a financial liability 
and of allocating the interest/profit income or interest/profit expense over the relevant period. The effective interest/profit 
rate is the rate that discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial 
instruments or, when appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or financial liability.  
 
Interest/profit income is calculated by applying the effective interest/profit rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial 
asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets, the 
effective interest/profit rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).
 
(x) Recognition of fees and other income  
 
(i) The Group earn fee and commission income from a diverse range of products and services provided to its customers. 
Fee and commission income are recognised when the Group has satisfied its performance obligation in providing the 
promised products and services to the customer, and are recognised based on contractual rates or amount agreed 
with customers, and net of expenses directly related to it. The Group generally satisfies its performance obligation 
and recognises the fee and commission income on the following basis:                                                     
 
• Transaction-based fee and commission income is recognised on the completion of the transaction. Such fees 
include fees related to the completion of corporate advisory transactions, commissions, service charges and 
fees and fees on loans, advances and financing. These fees constitute a single performance obligation.  
 
• For a service that is provided over a period of time, fee and commission income is recognised over the period 
during which the related service is provided or credit risk is undertaken. This basis of recognition most 
appropriately reflects the nature and pattern of provision of these services to the customers over time. Fees for 
these services will be billed periodically over time. Such fees include guarantee fees and commitment fees.  
 
The Group do not provide any significant credit terms to customers for the above products and services.  
 
Directly related expenses typically include sales commissions, but do not include expenses for services delivered 
over a period (such as service contracts) and other expenses that are not specifically related to fee and commission 
income transactions.                                                                                                                                     
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 210

---- Page 213 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
211
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(x) Recognition of fees and other income(cont'd.)  
 
(ii) Income from Government Scheme Funds is in relation to management fees derived from managing and distributing 
the funds under the respective schemes. The fees are variable consideration. The Group estimates the amount to 
which it will be entitled, but constrains that amount until it is highly probable that including the estimated fee in the 
transaction price will not result in a significant revenue reversal.                                                                  
 
(iii) Dividends are recognised when the right to receive payment is established. This applies even if they are paid out of 
preacquisition profits. However, the investment may need to be tested for impairment as a consequence. Dividend 
income received from subsidiary companies, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and financial 
investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised as non-interest income in statements 
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Dividends that clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of 
investment is recognised in other comprehensive income if it relates to an investment in equity instruments measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income.                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                      
(iv) Net gain or loss from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and debt instruments at fair value 
through other comprehensive income are recognised in statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
upon disposal of the securities, as the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the 
securities.                                                                                                                                                       
 
(v) Brokerage income is recognised when contracts are executed. Fees that constitute single performance obligation is 
recognised upon completion of transactions such as rollover fees, nominees services and handling charges.  
 
(vi) Corporate advisory fees are recognised as income after fulfilling each of the performance obligation.      
 
(vii) Rental income is recognised on an overtime basis.                                                                                      
 
(y) Current and deferred taxes  
 
The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred income tax. Tax is recognised in statement of income, 
except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the 
tax is recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.  
 
Current tax expense is determined according to the tax laws of each jurisdiction in which the Group operates and includes 
all taxes based upon the taxable profits.  
 
Deferred income tax is recognised in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases 
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. However, deferred income tax is not 
accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination 
that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.  
 
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which 
the temporary differences and unused tax losses can be utilised.  
 
Deferred income tax is recognised on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled by the Group and it is 
probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 
 
Deferred income tax related to the fair value re-measurement of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income and equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, which is charged or credited directly to 
equity, is also credited or charged directly to equity and is subsequently recognised in the statement of income together 
with deferred gain or loss. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 211

---- Page 214 ----
212
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(y) Current and deferred taxes (cont'd.)  
 
Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the 
statements of financial position date and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised or the 
deferred tax liability is settled.  
 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets 
against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to taxes levied by the same 
taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances 
on a net basis.  
 
(z) Zakat  
This represents business zakat that is paid on the Group's portion. It is an obligatory amount payable by the Group to comply 
with the rules and principles of Shariah. The zakat is computed based on working capital method at a rate of 2.5%. The zakat 
amount shall be distributed to individuals or groups that fall into any of the eight (8) categories of eligible recipients (asnaf):  
 
(i) Al-Fuqara - the poor                                                                                                                                      
(ii) Al-Masakin - the needy                                                                                                                                  
(iii) Al-‘Amil - the zakat collector                                                                                                                         
(iv) Al-Muallaf - those whose hearts are inclined to Islam                                                                                   
(v) Al-Riqab - slave or captive (prisoner of war) 
(vi) Al-Gharimin - insolvent debtor 
(vii) Fi Sabilillah - in the path of Allah 
(viii) Ibnu al-Sabil - a traveler without provisions                                                                                                  
 
The obligation and responsibility of specific payment of zakat on deposit fund lies with the muslim depositors. As such, no 
accrual of zakat expenses is recognised in the financial statements of the Group.  
 
(aa) Segment reporting  
 
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision 
maker. The chief operating decision maker is the person or group that allocates resources and assesses the performance 
of the operating segments of an entity. The Group has determined the Board as the collective body of chief operating 
decision makers. 
 
Segment revenue, expense, assets and liabilities are those amount resulting from the operating activities of a segment 
that are directly attributable to the segment and the relevant portion that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to the 
segment. Segment revenue, expense, assets and liabilities are determined before intra-group balances and intra-group 
transactions are eliminated as part of the consolidation process, except to the extent that such intra-group balances and 
transactions are between group enterprises within a single segment. 
 
(ab) Government grant  
 
The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant. Government grant is 
recognised when there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attached conditions will be complied with. 
 
When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the 
related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. The Group has elected to present such grant as a 
deduction against the related costs.  
 
When the grant relates to an asset, the Group has elected to present such grant as deferred income, which is recognised 
in profit or loss as oncome in equal amounts over the expected useful life of the related asset.  
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 212

---- Page 215 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
213
2. Summary of material accounting policies (cont'd.)  
 
(ac) Fair value measurement  
 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction 
to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:  
 
• in the principal market for the asset or liability; or                                                                                         
• in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.                
 
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.  
 
The fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset 
in its highest and best use.  
 
The Group and the Company use valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient 
data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of 
unobservable inputs.  
 
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the 
fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement 
as a whole:  
 
Level 1:        Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access 
                    at the measurement date;  
                     
Level 2:        Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly 
                    or indirectly observable; and  
                     
Level 3:        Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
                    unobservable.  
 
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group and the Company 
determine whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.  
 
(ad) Non-current assets held for sale  
 
Non-current assets are classified as assets held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a 
sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They are stated at the lower 
of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell and an impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-
down of the asset to fair value less costs to sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increases in fair value less costs 
to sell of an asset, but not in excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously 
recognised by the date of the sale of the non-current asset is recognised at the date of derecognition.  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 213

---- Page 216 ----
214
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
3. Cash and short-term funds and deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                                   2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
(a) Cash and short-term funds:                                                                                                                                                     
 
Cash and balances with banks                                                                                                                                                  
  and other financial instituitions                                            589,749               367,480                   3 ,833                13,132  
Money at call and deposit                                                                                                                                                        
  placements maturing within 1 month                               5,017,565            1,838,470                   5,809                46,504 
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                           5,607,314            2,205,950                   9,642                59,636 
 
(b) Deposits and placements with banks and  
  other financial institutions with original  
  maturity of more than 1 month                                            749,812               597,746                 65,078              100,033  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                           6,357,126            2,803,696                 74,720              159,669 
 
 
 The ECL for cash and short-term funds and deposits and placements above is nil (2022: nil). 
 
As at reporting date, the dealer's representatives' and clients' monies held in trust by the Group amounted to approximately 
RM16,994,000 (2022: nil). These amounts are excluded from the cash and short-term funds of the Group. 
 
 
4. Financial assets at FVTPL  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Money Market Instruments 
In Malaysia                                                                                                                                                                                       
Private mandate investments                                                                                                                  240,357              240,357  
Malaysian Government Investment Issues                                                                                               10,368                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                250,725              240,357  
 
Unit trusts                                                                                                                                                  32,329                         -  
 
                                                                                                                                                                283,054              240,357 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 214

---- Page 217 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
215
5. Financial investments at FVOCI  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Money Market Instruments                                                                                                                                                          
Malaysian Government Investment Issues                                                                                          8,326,803           8,479,600  
 
                                                                                                                                                             8,326,803           8,479,600  
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Debt securities                                                                                                                                                                              
In Malaysia                                                                                                                                                                                      
Private and Islamic debt securities                                                                                                      2,597,651           1,021,894  
Government Guaranteed debt securities                                                                                             1,637,112           1,891,286  
Corporate bonds                                                                                                                                       74,661                         -  
 
                                                                                                                                                             4,309,424           2,913,180  
Equity instruments                                                                                                                                                                        
Unquoted securities in Malaysia:                                                                                                                                                 
Shares - Malaysian Rating Corporation Berhad                                                                                         1,407                         - 
  
                                                                                                                                                                    1,407                         - 
  
                                                                                                                                                           12,637,634         11,392,780  
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
During the year, a total profit amounting to RM246,248,000 (loss in 2022: RM250,324,000) was recognised in other 
comprehensive income. Upon sale of the financial investments, the Group recognised a loss of RM50,111,000 (2022: loss of 
RM13,066,000) to the profit and loss. 
 
The carrying amount of financial investments measured at FVOCI is its fair value. Accordingly, the recognition of an impairment 
loss does not affect the carrying amount of those assets, but is reflected as a debit to profit or loss or retained earnings, a nd 
credit to other comprehensive income. 
 
The Group designated the share investment under equity securities as FVOCI. The FVOCI designation was made as the 
investment is held for socio-economic purposes and not for trading. The dividend income recognised during the financial year 
is nil (2022: nil). 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 215

---- Page 218 ----
216
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5. Financial investments at FVOCI (cont'd.)  
 
Movement of allowance for credit losses recognised in FVOCI reserve: 
 
                                                                                                                                                           Group  
                                                                                                              Stage 1               Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total  
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
At 1 January 2023                                                                                  10                           -                           -                      10  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                                              358                           -                 20,960               21,318  
Total charge during the year:                                                                209                           -                           -                    209  
 
  New financial investments  
    purchased during the year                                                               176                           -                           -                    176  
  Matured financial investments during the year                                   (14)                          -                           -                     (14) 
  Changes in credit risk parameters                                                       47                           -                           -                      47  
 
At 31 December 2023                                                                          577                           -                 20,960               21,537  
 
 
                                                                                                                                                           Group  
                                                                                                              Stage 1               Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total  
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
                                                                                                                    
At 1 January 2022                                                                                  14                           -                           -                      14  
Total reversal during the year:                                                                 (4)                          -                           -                       (4) 
 
  Matured financial investments during the year                                     (4)                          -                           -                       (4) 
 
At 31 December 2022                                                                            10                           -                           -                      10 
 
 
6. Financial investments at amortised cost  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Money Market Instruments 
Malaysian Government Investment Issues                                                                                          1,262,183              378,302 
 
Debt securities  
In Malaysia 
Private and Islamic debt securities                                                                                                      3,097,186           1,183,318 
Government Guaranteed corporate sukuk                                                                                               75,684                65,279 
Corporate bonds                                                                                                                                     175,269                          - 
 
                                                                                                                                                             4,610,322           1,626,899 
 
Less: ECL 
- Stage 1                                                                                                                                                     (1,705)                   (868) 
- Stage 2                                                                                                                                                        (147)                   (239) 
 
                                                                                                                                                             4,608,470           1,625,792 
 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 216

---- Page 219 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
217
6. Financial investments at amortised cost (cont'd.)  
 
ECL movement for financial investments at amortised cost: 
 
                                                                                                                                                           Group  
                                                                                                              Stage 1               Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total  
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
At 1 January 2023                                                                                868                      239                           -                 1,107  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                                           1,011                           -                           -                 1,011  
Total reversal during the year:                                                             (174)                       (92)                           -                   (266) 
 
  Matured financial investments during the period                                (32)                          -                           -                     (32) 
  Changes in credit risk parameters                                                     (226)                       (92)                           -                   (318) 
  New financial investments purchased during the year                         84                           -                           -                      84  
 
At 31 December 2023                                                                       1,705                      147                           -                 1,852  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                           Group  
                                                                                                              Stage 1               Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total  
                                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
At 1 January 2022                                                                                841                       371                            -                 1,212 
Total charge/(reversal) during the year:                                                  27                      (132)                           -                    (105) 
 
Matured financial investments during the period                                    (2)                          -                            -                        (2) 
Changes in credit risk parameters                                                           (1)                     (132)                           -                    (133) 
New financial investments purchased during the year                           30                           -                            -                      30 
 
At 31 December 2022                                                                          868                       239                            -                 1,107 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 217

---- Page 220 ----
218
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
7. Derivative financial assets/(liabilities)  
 
The following table summarises the contractual or underlying notional amounts of derivative financial instruments held at fair 
value through profit or loss. The notional or contractual amount of these instruments reflects the volume of transactions 
outstanding at financial position date and do not represent amounts at risk.  
 
Derivative financial instruments are revalued on a gross position and the unrealised gains or losses are reflected as derivativ e 
financial assets and liabilities respectively. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                 Group 
                                                                                                       National                          Fair Value           
                                                                                                                                   amount                 Assets           Liabilities 
2023                                                                                                                           RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Derivatives 
 
Foreign exchange contracts: 
Currency forward 
- Less than one year                                                                                               2,820,048                  32,805                 (5,158)  
 
Interest rate related derivatives: 
Interest rate swaps 
- Less than one year                                                                                                  300,000                    7,275                          - 
 
                                                                                                                                3,120,048                  40,080                 (5,158) 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                 Group 
                                                                                                       National                          Fair Value           
                                                                                                                                   amount                 Assets           Liabilities 
2022                                                                                                                           RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Derivatives 
 
Foreign exchange contracts: 
Currency forward 
- Less than one year                                                                                               1,976,886                  15,017               (23,470) 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 218

---- Page 221 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
219
8. Loans, financing and advances  
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
(i) By type                                                                                                                                                                                   
At amortised cost                                                                                                                                                                  
Term loans/financing                                                                                                                                                               
- Personal financing                                                          19,467,482          19,154,239                           -                         -  
- Housing loans/ financing                                                  9,636,637            8,456,659                           -                63,189  
- Industrial hire purchase                                                       764,085               718,549                           -                         -  
- Bridging loans/financing                                                     652,400               628,976               179, 819              178,079  
- Auto financing                                                                       22,667                 45,128                           -                         -  
- Other term loans/financing                                               5,505,197            4,664,864               352,342              387,798  
- Syndicated term loans/financing                                     2,018,478            1,268,030                           -                         -  
Revolving credit                                                                     113,356            1,614,785                           -                         -  
Trade finance                                                                      2,637,621            1,827,761                           -                         -  
Margin accounts                                                                 1,003,996                           -                           -                         -  
Cashline                                                                                 193,585               141,846                           -                         -  
Staff loans/financing                                                                28,807                 38,854                           -                         - 
  
Gross loans, financing and advances                              42,044,311          38,559,691               532,161              629,066  
                                                                                                                                         
Less: ECL                                                                                                                                                                                
- Stage 1                                                                               (344,317)              (293,979)                           -                 (1,222) 
- Stage 2                                                                                 (80,059)              (337,893)                           -                 (3,493) 
- Stage 3                                                                            (1,128,408)              (994,161)              (259,936)            (255,900) 
 
Net loans, financing and advances                                  40,491,527          36,933,658               272,225              368,451 
 
  
Included in personal financing and house financing are net financing that have been assigned as security for financing 
facilities granted to the Group as shown below:  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Islamic financing facility granted by: 
(i) Cagamas Berhad - recourse obligation on financing sold (Note 23)                                   4,382,769           4,707,136  
(ii) Sukuk (Note 24)                                                                                                                    1,502,126           1,736,343 
 
  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 219

---- Page 222 ----
220
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
8. Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)  
 
(ii) By residual contractual maturity 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Maturing within one year                                                    5,938,507            4,603,494               295,92 2              293,422  
One year to three years                                                      1,978,062            1,769,468                           -                47,980  
Three years to five years                                                    2,591,709            2,147,521                           -                  2,809  
Over five years                                                                  31,536,033          30,039,208               23 6,239              284,855  
 
                                                                                         42,044,311          38,559,691               532,161              629,066 
 
 
(iii) By type of customers  
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Individuals:                                                                                                                                                                              
- Malaysian nationals                                                        29,902,325          27,605,351                           -                45,623  
Foreign nationals                                                                   774,843               127,680                           -                         -  
Domestic business enterprises:                                                                                                                    
 - Small medium enterprises                                               4,552,390            3,101,506               437,066              443,202  
   - Non-bank financial institutions                                            718,567            1,422,819                           -                         - 
- Others                                                                              6,096,186            6,302,335                 95,095              140,241  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                         42,044,311          38,559,691               532,161              629,066 
 
 
(iv) By sector 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Household sectors                                                           29,901,885          27,606,187                           -                45,623  
Construction                                                                       3,628,043            3,491,218               295,922              296,684  
Finance, insurance, real estate and  
  business services                                                             3,104,470            3,398,089                           -                  3,425  
Wholesale & retail trade and restaurants & hotels              1,584,976            1,087,502                           -                  3,033  
Manufacturing                                                                    1,668,415            1,139,674                           -                50,892  
Education, health and others                                             1,134,669               473,462               236,239              228,202  
Transport, storage and communications                               505,549               339,613                           -                  1,207  
Mining and quarrying                                                               97,801                 65,077                           -                         -  
Electricity, gas and water                                                      215,901               911,234                           -                         -  
Agriculture                                                                             202,602                 47,635                           -                         - 
  
                                                                                 42,044,311          38,559,691               5 32,161              629,066 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 220

---- Page 223 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
221
8. Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)  
 
(v) By profit rate sensitivity 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Fixed rate: 
  Personal financing                                                          13,109,750          14,704,766                           -                         -  
    Bridging, structured and 
    term loans and financing                                                1,939,089               771,881                           -                         -  
    Mortgage and property Islamic                                           345,749               379,062                           -                     121  
    Auto financing                                                                        24,427                 47,105                           -                         -  
Variable rate:                                                                                                                                                                             
   Bridging, structured and  
    term loans and financing                                              10,949,629          10,092,931               532,161              565,877  
  Mortgage and property Islamic                                          9,317,370            8,106,724                           -                63,068  
  Personal financing                                                              6,358,297            4,457,222                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                         42,044,311          38,559,691               532,161              629,066 
 
 
 (vi) By geographical distribution 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Malaysia                                                                            42,044,311          38,559,691               532,161              629,066 
 
  
(vii) Movement of gross loans, financing and advances 
 
                                                                                                                                                            Group                       
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                   Total 
2023                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                 33,407,228            2,545,236            2,607 ,227         38,559,691  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                            1,646,040                 74,285               2 88,598           2,008,923  
Transfer to Stage 1                                                             1,108,840           (1,032,060)                (76,780)                         -  
Transfer to Stage 2                                                               (541,739)               621,480                 (79,741)                         -  
Transfer to Stage 3                                                               (168,120)              (376,845)               544,965                         -  
New financing/disbursement during the year                   10,122,453               535,537               406,125         11,0 64,115  
Repayment during the year                                               (8,388,509)              (568,370)              (412,152)         (9,369,031) 
Other movements                                                                    95,344                (45,829)               166,537              216,052  
Derecognition of credit impaired financial asset                               -                           -                 (44,200)              (44,200) 
Reclassification from non-current assets  
  held for sale                                                                                     -                           -                   1,403                  1,403  
Write-offs                                                                                     (791)                     (903)              (328,633)            (330,327) 
Derecognition due to debt sale                                              (36,694)                  (7,986)                (17,635)              (62,315) 
 
As at 31 December                                                           37,244,052            1,744,545            3,055,714          42,044,311 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 221

---- Page 224 ----
222
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
8. Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)  
 
(vii) Movement of gross loans, financing and advances (cont'd.) 
 
                                                                                                                                                            Group                       
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                   Total 
2022                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                 29,172,078            5,342,428            1,666 ,104         36,180,610  
Transfer to Stage 1                                                             2,181,325           (2,162,852)                (18,473)                         -  
Transfer to Stage 2                                                               (865,713)               901,510                 (35,797)                         -  
Transfer to Stage 3                                                               (218,266)              (859,367)            1,077,633                         -  
New financing/disbursement during the year                     8,024,878               498,125               112,761           8 ,635,764  
Repayment during the year                                               (4,893,626)           (1,059,852)              (146,750)         (6,100,228) 
Other movements                                                                    66,196              (108,156)               1 88,415              146,455  
Loss on modification of cash flows                                        (57,135)                  (2,839)                           -               (59,974) 
Reclassification from non-current assets  
  held for sale                                                                                     -                           -                 12,214                12,214  
Write-offs                                                                                  (2,509)                  (3,761)              (248,880)            (255,150) 
 
As at 31 December                                                           33,407,228            2,545,236            2,607,227          38,559,691  
 
 
                                                                                                                                        Company 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                   Total 
2023                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                        36,972                 54,471               537,623              629,066  
Transfer to Stage 1                                                                         33                       (33)                           -                         -  
Repayment during the year                                                         (269)                (46,452)                       (49)              (46,770) 
Other movements                                                                             -                           -                 12,722                12,722  
Refinancing to MBSB Bank                                                           (42)                          -                      (251)                   (293) 
Write-offs                                                                                           -                           -                      (249)                   (249) 
Derecognition due to debt sale                                              (36,694)                  (7,986)                (17,635)              (62,315) 
 
As at 31 December                                                                           -                           -                532,161              532,161  
 
 
                                                                                                                                        Company 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                   Total 
2022                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                        42,791               120,351               702,575              865,717  
Transfer to Stage 1                                                                    6,440                  (6,067)                     (373)                         -  
Transfer to Stage 2                                                                   (4,767)                   5,073                      (306)                         -  
Transfer to Stage 3                                                                   (1,699)                  (5,345)                   7,044                         -  
New financing/disbursement during the year                                 88                      123                           -                     211  
Repayment during the year                                                      (5,674)                (11,910)                (22,148)              (39,732) 
Other movements                                                                         195                      195                   8,220                  8,610  
Refinancing to MBSB Bank                                                         (376)                (47,810)              (130,239)            (178,425) 
Write-offs                                                                                       (26)                     (139)                (27,150)              (27,315) 
 
As at 31 December                                                                  36,972                 54,471               5 37,623              629,066  
 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 222

---- Page 225 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
223
8. Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                      
 
(viii) Movement of ECL for loans, financing and advances 
 
                                                                                                                                           Group 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                      293,979               337,893               994,161          1,626,033  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                                   4,857                   2,284               155,692             162,833  
Charged/(reversal) to profit or loss (Note 33)                          46,554              (258,530)               319,493             107,517  
 
Changes in the ECL due to transfer within stages:                                                                                                                  
-  Transfer to Stage 1                                                             145,683                (91,777)                (53,906)                        -  
-  Transfer to Stage 2                                                                (4,752)                 34,332                 (29,580)                        -  
-  Transfer to Stage 3                                                                (2,418)                (80,799)                 83,217                         -  
New financing/disbursement during the year                        107,226                 10,519                 10,536             128,281  
Repayment during the year                                                  (206,744)              (104,370)                (49,756)            (360,870) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                        17,313                (26,310)               378,202             369,205  
Changes to model assumptions                                                                                       
  and methodologies ^                                                              (9,754)                     (125)                        25                (9,854) 
Derecognition of credit impaired financial asset                               -                           -                 (19,245)              (19,245) 
 
Reclassification from non-current assets held for sale                     -                           -                   1,417                 1,417  
Write-offs                                                                                           -                           -               (326,371)            (326,371) 
Derecognition due to debt sale                                                (1,073)                  (1,588)                (15,701)              (18,362) 
Others                                                                                               -                           -                      (283)                   (283) 
 
As at 31 December                                                                344,317                 80,059            1,128 ,408          1,552,784  
                                                                                                            
 
# The changes in credit risk parameters include impact of forward-looking on key macroeconomic variables ("MEV") 
and changes to loss rate for the ECL model. 
 
^ The changes to model assumptions and methodologies were in relation to incorporation of MEV factors with more 
intuitive trends, revision to Probability of Default (“PD”) and Loss Given Default (“LGD”) modelling and revisions to 
management overlay assumptions. 
 
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 223

---- Page 226 ----
224
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
8. Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                      
 
(viii) Movement of ECL for loans, financing and advances (cont'd.) 
 
                                                                                                                                           Group 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                      347,004               597,878               732,626          1,677,508  
(Reversal)/charged to profit or loss (Note 33)                         (53,025)              (259,985)               487,956             174,946 
  
Changes in the ECL due to transfer within stages:                                                                                                                  
-  Transfer to Stage 1                                                             231,081              (220,164)                (10,917)                        -  
-  Transfer to Stage 2                                                              (13,883)                 37,172                 (23,289)                        -  
 -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                                (2,729)              (126,049)               128,778                         -  
New financing/disbursement during the year                          85,738                 27,214                 14,897             127,849  
Repayment during the year                                                  (242,969)                (44,178)                (50,534)            (337,681) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                         (8,839)                 66,896               476,168             534,225  
Change to model assumptions and  
  methodologies ^                                                                 (101,424)                     (876)                (47,147)           (149,447) 
Reclassification from non-current  
  assets held for sale                                                                         -                           -                 10,656               10,656  
Write-offs                                                                                           -                           -               (237,077)           (237,077) 
 
As at 31 December                                                                293,979               337,893               994 ,161          1,626,033  
 
 
                                                                                                                                        Company 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                          1,222                   3,493               255,900             260,615  
(Reversal)/charged to profit or loss (Note 33)                              (149)                  (1,905)                 19,737               17,683  
 
Changes in the ECL due to transfer within stages:                                                                                                                  
 -  Transfer to Stage 1                                                                       2                         (2)                           -                         -  
Repayment during the year                                                         (150)                  (1,903)                     (344)                (2,397) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                                 -                           -                  20,224               20,224 
Refinancing to MBSB Bank                                                             (1)                          -                      (143)                  (144) 
 
Derecognition due to debt sale                                                (1,073)                  (1,588)                (15,701)              (18,362) 
 
As at 31 December                                                                           -                           -               259,936             259,936  
 
 
# The changes in credit risk parameters include impact of forward-looking on key MEV and changes to loss rate for the 
ECL model. 
 
^ The changes to model assumptions and methodologies were in relation to incorporation of MEV factors with more 
intuitive trends, revision to PD and LGD modelling and revisions to management overlay assumptions. 
 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 224

---- Page 227 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
225
8. Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                      
 
(viii) Movement of ECL for loans, financing and advances (cont'd.) 
 
                                                                                                                                        Company 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                          1,527                   8,984               378,117             388,628 
Reversal to profit or loss (Note 33)                                              (305)                  (5,491)                (95,256)            (101,052) 
 
Changes in the ECL due to transfer within stages:                                                                                                                  
-  Transfer to Stage 1                                                                    726                     (439)                     (287)                        -  
 -  Transfer to Stage 2                                                                   (163)                      419                      (256)                        -  
 -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                                     (59)                     (709)                      768                         -  
Repayment during the year                                                         (860)                     (442)                (23,914)              (25,216) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                               66                   1,394                 17, 713               19,173  
Change to model assumptions and methodologies ^                      -                   1,006                           -                 1,006  
Refinancing to MBSB Bank                                                           (15)                  (6,720)                (89,280)             (96,015) 
 
Write-offs                                                                                           -                           -                 (26,961)              (26,961) 
 
As at 31 December                                                                    1,222                   3,493               255,900             260,615  
 
 
# The changes in credit risk parameters include impact of forward-looking on key MEV and changes to loss rate for the 
ECL model. 
 
^ The changes to model assumptions and methodologies were in relation to incorporation of MEV factors with more 
intuitive trends, revision to PD and LGD modelling and revisions to management overlay assumptions. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 225

---- Page 228 ----
226
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
8. Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.) 
 
(ix) Movements of impaired loans, financing and advances 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Balance as at 1 January                                                     2,607,227            1,666,104               537,62 3              702,575  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                               288,598                           -                           -                         -  
Classified as impaired during the year                                  951,090            1,190,394                           -                  7,044  
Reclassified as non-impaired                                               (156,521)                (54,270)                           -                    (679) 
Repayment during the year                                                  (412,152)              (146,750)                       (49)              (22,148) 
Other movements                                                                  166,537               188,415                 1 2,722                  8,220  
Derecognition of credit impaired financial asset                    (44,200)                          -                           -                         -  
Refinancing to MBSB Bank                                                              -                           -                      (251)            (130,239) 
Reclassification from non-current assets  
  held for sale                                                                             1,403                  12,214                           -                          - 
Amount written off                                                                (328,633)              (248,880)                     (249)              (27,150) 
Derecognition due to debt sale                                              (17,635)                          -                 (17,635)                         - 
  
Balance as at 31 December                                               3,055,714            2,607,227               532,161              537,623  
Less: ECL stage 3                                                              (1,128,408)              (994,161)              (259,936)            (255,900) 
 
Net impaired loans, advances and financing                     1,927,306            1,613,066               272,225              281,723  
                                                                                                                                         
 
Net impaired as a percentage of net loans,      
  financing and advances                                                         4.76%                  4.37%              100.00%               76.46% 
                                                                                                            
 
Gross impaired as a percentage of gross loans,   
  financing and advances                                                         7.27%                  6.76%              100.00%               85.46% 
 
 
 
(x) Impaired loans, financing and advances by sector 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Household sector                                                                  691,906               502,986                           -                16,594  
Construction                                                                       1,096,024            1,074,928               295,922              292,328  
Education, health and others                                                380,141               312,717               236,239               227,817  
Finance, insurance, real estate 
  and business services                                                         344,635               195,691                           -                     884  
Manufacturing                                                                       183,692               233,941                           -                         -  
Wholesale & retail trade and  
  restaurants & hotels                                                             306,563               286,095                           -                         -  
Transport, storage and communication                                    4,253                      358                           -                         -  
Mining and quarrying                                                               48,500                      511                           -                         - 
  
                                                                                           3,055,714            2,607,227               532,161              537,623 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 226

---- Page 229 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
227
8. Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)  
 
(xi) Impaired loans, financing and advances by geographical distribution 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Malaysia                                                                              3,055,714            2,607,227               532,161              537,623  
                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                    
9. Other receivables  
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Amount due from MBSB Bank                                                                  -                           -                 35,619                         -  
Amount due from other subsidiaries                                                        -                           -                           -                53,863  
Foreclosed properties                                                (a)                 36,580                 41,238                      309                41,238  
Prepayments and deposits                                        (b)                 32,530                 16,364                           -                         -  
Fee receivables                                                                                63,800                           -                           -                         -  
Sundry receivables                                                                        153,685                 26,239                   1,266                  1,387  
Public Low Cost Housing  
   Programme ("PLCHP")                                                                            -                        23                           -                       23  
Deferred expenses                                                                          60,849                 41,706                           -                         -  
Amount due from brokers and clients                        (c)                 20,249                           -                           -                         -  
Trade receivable                                                                                        -                        56                           -                         -  
 
                                                                                                      367,693               125 ,626                 37,194                96,511  
Less:                                                                                                                                                                                                
ECL 
 - Non trade                                                                                    (23,476)                     (135)                           -               (53,863) 
 - Trade                                                                                                      -                       (56)                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                      344,217                125,435                  37,194                42,648 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 227

---- Page 230 ----
228
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
9. Other receivables (cont'd.) 
                                                                                      
Movement in ECL for other assets is as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                           Group 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                                         -                           -                      191                    191  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                                                            -                           -               101,082             101,082  
Total charged to profit or loss (Note 33)                                                    -                           -                 19,305               19,305 
  
Other receivables                                                                                      -                           -                        60                      60  
Recognition of credit impaired financial asset                                          -                           -                 19,245               19,245 
  
Write-off                                                                                                    -                           -                 (97,102)             (97,102) 
 
                                                                                                          -                           -                 23,476               23,476  
 
 
                                                                                                                                           Group 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                                         -                           -               621,739             621,739 
  
Total charged to profit or loss (Note 33)                                                    -                           -                        (59)                    (59) 
 
Trade and other receivables                                                                     -                           -                        (59)                    (59) 
 
Write-off                                                                                                    -                           -               (621,489)           (621,489) 
                                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                          -                           -                      191                    191  
                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                        Company 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                                         -                           -                 53,863               53,863 
Total charged to profit or loss (Note 33)                                                    -                           -                   1,654                 1,654  
 
Amount due from subsidiaries                                                                  -                           -                   1,654                 1,654  
 
Write-off                                                                                                    -                           -                 (55,517)             (55,517) 
                                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                          -                           -                           -                        -  
                                                                                                                                         
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 228

---- Page 231 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
229
9. Other receivables (cont'd.)  
                                                                                      
Movement in ECL for other assets is as follows: (cont’d.) 
 
                                                                                                                                        Company 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                                         -                           -                 50,172               50,172  
Total charged to profit or loss (Note 33)                                                    -                           -                   3,691                 3,691 
  
Amount due from subsidiaries                                                                  -                           -                   3,691                 3,691 
  
                                                                                                          -                           -                 53,863               53,863  
 
 
(a) Foreclosed properties  
                                                                                                            
Foreclosed properties are stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less cost to sale. Independent valuation of 
the foreclosed properties was performed by valuers to determine the fair value of the foreclosed properties as at 31 
December 2023. The fair values are within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair values have been derived using 
comparison method. 
 
Movements of allowance on impairment for foreclosed properties during the financial year are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Balance as at 1 January                                                          10,717                 13,059                 10,717                13,059  
(Writeback)/allowance made  
  during the financial year                                                             202                     (168)                      109                    (168) 
Disposal made during the financial year                                  (7,947)                  (2,174)                  (7,947)                (2,174) 
Transfer to MBSB Bank                                                                     -                           -                   (2,321)                         - 
  
Balance as at 31 December                                                      2,972                 10,717                      558                10,717 
 
  
(b) Prepayments and deposits                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                         
Included in prepayments and deposits of the Group and of the Company are rental deposits paid to the EPF , the ultimate 
holding body, amounting to nil (2022: RM17,235). 
 
(c) Amount due from brokers and clients                                             
                                                                                                                                         
Clients' and brokers' debit balances arose from trading of securities, through the investment banking subsidiary, which 
are not yet due for settlement as at reporting date. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 229

---- Page 232 ----
230
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
10. Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
At 1 January                                                                                    93,634                   8,695                   (1,960)                 3,458  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                                                   14,417                           -                           -                         -  
Recognised in profit or loss (Note 37)                                             46,895                 27,967                   1,786                 (5,418) 
Recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 37)                  (71,297)                 56,972                           -                         -  
 
At 31 December                                                                              83,649                 93,634                      (174)                (1,960) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                              
Presented, after appropriate offsetting, as follows:                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                              
Deferred tax assets                                                                         95,220               107,237                           -                         -  
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     (11,571)                (13,603)                     (174)                (1,960) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                        83,649                 93,634                      (174)                (1,960) 
 
 
The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities during the financial year prior to offsetting of balances within the same tax 
jurisdiction are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Deferred tax assets (before offsetting) 
Accelerated capital allowances                                                                -                           -                      522                         -  
Fair value reserve of financial investment at FVOCI                        40,702               107,816                           -                         -  
Impairment allowance                                                                     50,892                           -                           -                         -  
Others                                                                                              12,674                 14,754                      124                  3,556  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                      104,268               122 ,570                      646                  3,556  
Offsetting                                                                                          (9,048)                (15,333)                     (646)                (3,556) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                        95,220               10 7,237                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                              
Deferred tax liabilities (before offsetting)                                                                                                                                   
Accelerated capital allowances                                                        (5,838)                (27,391)                           -                 (2,606) 
Impairment allowances                                                                             -                   (1,545)                     (820)                (2,910) 
Others                                                                                             (14,781)                          -                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                       (20,619)                (28,936)                     (820)                (5,516) 
Offsetting                                                                                           9,048                 15,33 3                      646                  3,556  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                       (11,571)                (13,603)                     (174)                (1,960) 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 230

---- Page 233 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
231
10. Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                
The components and movements of deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year prior to offsetting were as follows: 
 
                                                                                                  Fair value 
                                                                                                  reserve of 
                                                                  Accelerated              financial 
                                                                           capital        investments         Impairment 
                                                                   allowances              at FVOCI         allowances                 Others                   Total 
Group                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                                                                
At 1 January 2023                                              (27,391)               107,816                  (1,545)                 14,754                93,634  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                          (655)                   3,996                   1,979                   9,097                14,417  
Recognised in profit or loss (Note 37)                22,208                           -                 50,458                 (25,771)               46,895  
Recognised in other  
  comprehensive income                                              -                (71,110)                          -                      (187)              (71,297) 
 
At 31 December 2023                                          (5,838)                 40,702                 50,892                   (2,107)               83,649  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                 
At 1 January 2022                                            (32,341)                 50,844                  (4,315)                  (5,493)                 8,695 
Recognised in profit or loss (Note 37)                  4,950                           -                   2,770                 20,247                27,967  
Recognised in other  
  comprehensive income                                              -                 56,972                           -                           -                56,972  
 
At 31 December 2022                                        (27,391)               107,816                  (1,545)                 14,754                93,634 
 
  
                                                                                              Accelerated 
                                                                                                        capital         Impairment 
                                                                                                allowances         allowances                 Others                   Total 
Company                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                                                                
At 1 January 2023                                                                            (2,606)                  (2,910)                   3,556                 (1,960) 
Recognised in profit or loss (Note 37)                                               3,128                   2,090                   (3,432)                 1,786 
  
At 31 December 2023                                                                          522                     (820)                      124                    (174) 
                                                                                                                    
 
At 1 January 2022                                                                                528                  (4,166)                   7,096                  3,458  
Recognised in profit or loss (Note 37)                                              (3,134)                   1,256                   (3,540)                (5,418) 
 
At 31 December 2022                                                                       (2,606)                  (2,910)                   3,556                 (1,960) 
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 231

---- Page 234 ----
232
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
10. Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (cont'd.) 
 
Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Unutilised tax losses                                                                                                                               554,212              114,111  
Unabsorbed capital allowances                                                                                                                     201                         - 
Others                                                                                                                                                                 -                  1,380 
 
  
The unutilised tax losses of the Group are available for offsetting against future taxable profits of the respective entities w ithin 
the Group for another 10 consecutive years effective from Year of Assessment 2019. The unabsorbed capital allowances of the 
Group are not subject to 7 year limitation period and available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the 
respective entities within the Group. 
 
This utilisation of carry forward of tax losses and allowances are also subject to no substantial change in shareholdings of those 
entities under Income Tax Act, 1967 and guidelines issued by the tax authority. 
 
The expiry of unutilised tax losses: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Expiring 2028                                                                                                                                          477,394              109,654  
Expiring 2029                                                                                                                                                 306                     413  
Expiring 2030                                                                                                                                                   52                     425  
Expiring 2031                                                                                                                                            10,748                       12  
Expiring 2032                                                                                                                                            22,889                  3,607  
Expiring 2033                                                                                                                                            42,823                         -  
 
                                                                                                                                                                554,212              114,111 
 
 
11. Statutory deposits with Bank Negara Malaysia  
                                                                                                                                                                              
The non-interest bearing statutory deposits maintained with Bank Negara Malaysia are in compliance with Section 26(2)(c) of 
the Central Bank of Malaysia Act, 2009 to satisfy the Statutory Reserve Requirement (“SRR”), which is determined at a set 
percentages of total eligible liabilities.  
 
 
12. Investments in subsidiaries  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                    Company 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Unquoted shares at cost                                                                                                                      7,567,399           6,595,040  
Less: Accumulated impairment losses                                                                                                    (36,604)              (36,604) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                             7,530,795           6,558,436  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                              
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 232

---- Page 235 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
233
12. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd.)  
 
Movements in the cost of investment is as follows:                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                    Company 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Balance as at 1 January                                                                                                                       6,595,040           5,595,040  
Subscription of shares in MBSB Bank                                                                                                    200,000           1,000,000  
Investment in Emerald Unity Sdn. Bhd.                                                                                                             *                         -  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                                                                                                 772,359                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                             7,567,399           6,595,040  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 * On 30 March 2023, the Company incorporated Emerald Unity Sdn. Bhd.  with investment of RM1.                                     
                                                                                                                                                                              
(a) The details of the subsidiaries are as follows: 
 
                                                                            Effective interest held (%) 
Name of subsidiaries                                               2023              2022                            Principal activities  
 
MBSB Bank Berhad                                                   100                100                            Islamic ba nking and related  
                                                                                                                                              financial services  
 
Malaysian Industrial Development                                                                                       
  Finance Berhad ("MIDF")1                                        100                  -                             Investment holding  
                                                                                                              
MBSB Properties Sdn. Bhd.                                       100                100                            Leasing of real property  
                                                                                                                                             
MBSB Development Sdn. Bhd.                                  100                100                            Property development  
                                                                                                              
Prudent Legacy Sdn. Bhd. 1 2 3                                    92                  92                             In liquidation  
                                                                                                              
Definite Pure Sdn. Bhd. 2                                            100                100                            Property development  
                                                                                                              
Malaya Borneo Building                                                -                 100                            Struck o ff    
  Society Limited ("MBBS")  1 2                                                              
 
MBSB Tower Sdn. Bhd.                                              100                100                            Property development  
                                                                                                              
88 Legacy Sdn. Bhd.                                                  100                100                            Property  development  
                                                                                                              
Emerald Unity Sdn. Bhd.                                            100                  -                             Special p urpose vehicle  
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 233

---- Page 236 ----
234
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                              
(a) The details of the subsidiaries are as follows: (cont’d.) 
 
                                                                            Effective interest held (%) 
Name of subsidiaries                                               2023              2022                            Principal activities  
                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                
Subsidiary of MBSB Bank                                                                                                    
Jana Kapital Sdn. Bhd.                                               100                100                            Investment holding  
                                                                                                              
Subsidiaries of MIDF                                                                                                          
MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad 1                  100                  -                             Investment banking and   
                                                                                                                                              related financial services  
 
MIDF Amanah Asset                                                   100                  -                             Fund man agement and    
  Management Berhad 1                                                                                                                                                                             investment advisory 
 
MIDF Amanah Capital Berhad 1                                 100                  -                             Investment and  
                                                                                                                                              property holding  
                                                                                                                                             
MIDF DFI Bhd 1                                                          100                  -                              Dormant  
 
Amanah International Finance                                    100                  -                             Provision of  real estate 
  Sdn. Bhd. 1                                                                    
 
MIDF Amanah Ventures Sdn. Bhd 1                            100                  -                             Venture capital  
                                                                                       
Omega Matrix (M) Sdn. Bhd. 1                                    100                  -                             Loan management  
 
Oriental 1936 Berhad 1                                               75.2                  -                             Dormant  
                                                                                                                                            
Subsidiaries of                                                                
  MIDF Amanah Investment Bank Berhad                                                                            
MIDF Amanah Investment                                          100                  -                             Investment b anking and 
  Nominees (Asing) Sdn. Bhd.                                                                                               related financial services  
                                                                                                                                               
MIDF Amanah Investment                                          100                  -                             Investment b anking and      
  Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn. Bhd.                                                                                        related financial services  
 
1 Audited by a firm of auditors other than PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT 
2 Dormant entity                                                                                                              
3 In liquidation and did not give rise significant impact to the result of the Group and the Company 
                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                
All the above subsidiaries were incorporated in Malaysia except for MBBS which was incorporated in Singapore. 
 
 
                                                                                                                                               
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 234

---- Page 237 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
235
13. Property and equipment  
 
                                                                                                                             Furniture                                   Data             Work 
                                                             Freehold                             Building               and         Motor     processing                   in 
                                                                    land       Building    renovation   equipment      vehicles     equipment       progress            Total 
Group                                                     RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Cost                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
At 1 January 2023                                      5,933        259,242          94,765          22,412          1,674          108,060               525      492,611  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                     -            2,166            8,099          11,509           2,850            18,619               470        43,713  
Additions                                                            -                   -          21,036            5,400                  -              4,407            8,339        39,182  
Transfer to non-current assets    held for sale (Note 18)                                      -              (794)              (951)                   -                  -                     -                    -         (1,745) 
Transfer from intangible assets (Note 17)          -                   -                    -                    -                  -                     -               831             831  
Disposal                                                             -                   -                    -                    -            (554)                     -                    -            (554) 
Reclassification                                                  -                   -            5,578                    -                  -              1,566           (7,144)                 -  
Written off                                                          -                   -              (142)                (53 )                 -                (701)                   -            (896) 
 
At 31 December 2023                                5,933        260,614        128,385          39,268          3,970          131,951            3,021       573,142  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Accumulated depreciation   and impairment losses                                                                                                                                                                                        
At 1 January 2023:                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Accumulated depreciation                               -          24,037          56,597          19,802          1,104            69,568                    -      171,108 
  Accumulated impairment losses                     -               277                    -                    -                  -                     -                    -             277  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                          -          24,314          56,597          19,802          1,104            69,568                    -      171,385 
 Addition from acquisition of MIDF                     -            1,635            7,526          11,352          1,960            17,409                    -        39,882  
Depreciation charge   for the year (Note 35)                                       -            8,382          15,891            1,713             289            13,456                    -        39,731 
Transfer to non-current assets    held for sale (Note 18)                                      -              (592)              (952)                   -                  -                     -                    -         (1,544) 
Disposal                                                             -                   -                    -                    -            (249)                     -                    -            (249) 
Reclassification                                                  -                   -                   2                  (4)                  -                     2                    -                  -  
Written off                                                          -                   -              (142)                (53 )                 -                (701)                   -            (896) 
 
At 31 December 2023                                        -          33,739          78,922          32,810          3,104            99,734                    -      248,309  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Analysed as:                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  Accumulated depreciation                               -          33,462          78,922          32,810          3,104            99,734                    -      248,032  
  Accumulated impairment losses                     -               277                    -                    -                  -                     -                    -             277  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                          -          33,739          78,922          32,810          3,104            99,734                    -      248,309  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Net book value 
At 31 December 2023                                5,933        226,875          49,463            6,458             866            32,217            3,021      324,833  
  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 235

---- Page 238 ----
236
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
13. Property and equipment (cont'd.)  
 
                                                                                                                             Furniture                                   Data             Work 
                                                             Freehold                             Building               and         Motor     processing                   in 
                                                                    land       Building    renovation   equipment      vehicles     equipment       progress            Total 
Group                                                     RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Cost 
At 1 January 2022                                      5,933        254,009           42,991           21,740           1,357          100,705           49,470       476,205 
Additions                                                            -            6,045             2,316                744              317              7,428                525         17,375 
Transfer to non-current assets   held for sale (Note 18)                                      -              (812)                (12)                   -                  -                      -                    -             (824) 
Disposals                                                           -                    -                    -                 (72)                 -                  (73)                   -             (145) 
Reclassification                                                  -                    -           49,470                    -                  -                      -          (49,470)                 - 
 
At 31 December 2022                                5,933        259,242           94,765           22,412           1,674          108,060                525       492,611 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation   and impairment losses 
At 1 January 2022:   Accumulated depreciation                               -          14,065           38,457          18,724              944            56,452                    -       128,642 
  Accumulated impairment losses                     -               277                    -                    -                  -                      -                    -              277 
 
                                                                          -          14,342           38,457           18,724              944            56,452                    -       128,919 
Depreciation charge    for the year (Note 35)                                       -          10,524           18,152             1,144              160            13,176                    -         43,156 
Transfer to non-current assets   held for sale (Note 18)                                      -              (552)                (12)                   -                  -                      -                    -             (564) 
Disposals                                                           -                    -                    -                 (66)                 -                  (60)                   -             (126) 
 
At 31 December 2022                                        -          24,314           56,597           19,802           1,104            69,568                    -       171,385 
 
Analysed as:   Accumulated depreciation                               -          24,037           56,597           19,802           1,104            69,568                    -       171,108 
  Accumulated impairment losses                     -               277                    -                    -                  -                      -                    -              277 
 
                                                                          -          24,314           56,597           19,802           1,104            69,568                    -       171,385 
 
Net book value 
At 31 December 2022                                5,933        234,928           38,168             2,610              570            38,492                525       321,226 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 236

---- Page 239 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
237
13. Property and equipment (cont'd.) 
 
                                                                                                                                Furniture                     Data 
                                                                        Freehold                                                  and          processing 
                                                                                land            Buildings          equipment           equipment                   Total 
Company                                                           RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cost                                                                                                                                                                                                 
At 1 January 2023                                                  9,968                18,579                           -                           -                28,547  
Additions                                                                       -                          -                           7                          7                       14 
 
                                                                              9,968                18,579                           7                          7                28,561  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                                                                           
At 1 January 2023                                                         -                  5,572                           -                           -                  5,572  
Depreciation charge  
  for the year (Note 35)                                                   -                     465                           -                            -                     465  
 
At 31 December 2023                                                   -                  6,037                           -                           -                  6,037  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Net book value                                                                                                                                                                               
At 31 December 2023                                            9,968                12,542                          7                          7                22,524  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                Furniture                     Data 
                                                                        Freehold                                                  and          processing 
                                                                                land            Buildings          equipment           equipment                   Total 
                                                                          RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cost 
At 1 January 2022                                                  9,968                18,579                           -                           -                28,547  
 
 
Accumulated depreciation  
At 1 January 2022                                                         -                  5,108                           -                           -                  5,108  
Depreciation charge  
  for the year (Note 35)                                                   -                     481                           -                           -                     481  
Net transfer to MBSB Bank                                           -                      (17)                          -                           -                      (17) 
 
At 31 December 2022                                                   -                  5,572                           -                           -                  5,572  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Net book value                                                                                                                                                                               
At 31 December 2022                                            9,968                13,007                           -                           -                22,975  
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 237

---- Page 240 ----
238
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
14. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities  
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
(a) Right-of-use assets 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Carrying amount of right-of-use assets by class of underlying assets are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Office equipment                                                                                                                                    320                     436  
Buildings                                                                                                                                           27,113                15,279  
Land use rights                                                                                                                                       246                         -  
Network and security                                                                                                                          2,206                11,028  
 
                                                                                                                                                          29,885                26,743  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Additions to the right-of-use assets and depreciation charge during the financial year for the Group is as follows: 
 
                                                                     Office                                              Land-       Network and 
                                                             equipment            Buildings            use rights               security                   Total 
2023                                                           RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
 1 January                                                         436                15,279                           -                 11,028                26,743  
Addition from acquisition  
  of MIDF                                                                -                   1,862                       250                           -                  2,112  
Charge for the  
  financial year (Note 35)                                  (341)               (16,957)                         (4)                  (8,822)              (26,124) 
Additions                                                           225                26,929                           -                           -                27,154  
 
At 31 December                                                320                27,113                      246                   2,206                29,885 
 
  
                                                                     Office                                              Land-       Network and 
                                                             equipment            Buildings            use rights               security                   Total 
2022                                                           RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
At 1 January                                                      731                17,832                           -                 19,850                38,413  
Charge for the  
  financial year (Note 35)                                  (374)               (13,112)                          -                   (8,822)              (22,308) 
Additions                                                             79                10,559                           -                           -                10,638 
  
At 31 December                                                436                15,279                           -                 11,028                26,743 
 
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 238

---- Page 241 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
239
14. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Lease liabilities 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Non-current                                                                                                                                                                           
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                  25,593                19,955  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Current                                                                                                                                                                                   
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                    4,371                  7,379  
 
                                                                                                                                                           29,964                27,334  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                
The movement of lease liabilities during the financial year is as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
At 1 January                                                                                                                                      27,334                38,998  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                                                                                                      1,963                         -  
Additions                                                                                                                                           27,040                10,635  
Profit expense on leases                                                                                                                        917                  1,023  
Lease payments                                                                                                                               (27,290)              (23,322) 
 
At 31 December                                                                                                                                29,964                27,334  
 
 
Amount recognised in the statement of cash flows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Included in net cash from financing activities                                                                                                                     
Profit expense on lease liabilities (Note 35)                                                                                           917                  1,023  
Payment of lease liabilities                                                                                                               (27,290)              (23,322) 
 
Total cash outflow for leases                                                                                                        (26,373)              (22,299) 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 239

---- Page 242 ----
240
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
15. Investment properties  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
At cost 
Freehold land                                                                                                                                                 820                     820  
Buildings                                                                                                                                                     4,442                         -  
 
                                                                                                                                                                    5,262                     820  
 
Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                                                                           
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                        -                         -  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                                                                                                              2,148                         -  
Depreciation charge for the year (Note 35)                                                                                                      22                         - 
  
At 31 December                                                                                                                                          2,170                         -  
 
Net book value                                                                                                                                          3,092                     820  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
The Group has no restrictions on the realisability of its investment properties and no contractual obligations to either purchase, 
construct or develop investment properties or for repairs, maintenance and enhancements. 
 
Had these buildings been carried at fair value, the carrying amounts, by class, that would have been included in the financial 
statements of the group are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
Investment properties                                                                                                                                                                   
Freehold land                                                                                                                                              1,300                  1,250  
Buildings                                                                                                                                                     8,608                         -  
 
 
The fair value of the investment property of RM9,908,000  (2022: RM1,250,000) which is categorised under Level 3  fair value 
has been generally derived using the sales comparison approach. Sales price of comparable properties in close proximity are 
adjusted for differences in key attributes such as property size. The most significant input into this valuation approach is price 
per square foot of comparable properties. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 240

---- Page 243 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
241
16. Goodwill  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Goodwill                                                                                                                                                  148,031              148,031  
 
                                                                                                                                                                148,031              148,031  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
The aggregate carrying amounts of goodwill allocated for each CGU are as follows: 
 
Corporate Banking                                                                                                                                  146,256              146,256  
Retail Banking                                                                                                                                             1,775                  1,775  
                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                148,031              148,031  
 
 
Goodwill arose from the acquisition of MBSB Bank in February 2018.  
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the Group's operating divisions which represents the lowest level 
within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal mangement purposes.  
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Impairment testing for CGU containing goodwill                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
The recoverable amount of CGUs is determined based on VIU calculations. VIU is the present value of the future cash flows 
expected to be derived from the CGUs or groups of CGUs. This calculation uses pre-tax cash flow projections based on the 
2024 financial budget, which is approved by the Board of Directors with a further projection of 2 years (2022: 2 years). Cash 
flows beyond the 3 years period are extrapolated using an estimated growth rate of 4.0% (2022: 4.0%) representing the 
forecasted Gross Domestic Product growth rate of the country for all CGUs. 
 
The cash flow projections are derived based on a number of key factors including past performance and management's 
expectation of market developments. The discount rates used are pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating to the CGUs. 
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
In addition, the recoverable amount is assessed by incorporating multiple scenarios with variation in the assumptions used 
including discount rate and growth rates to estimate the expected cash flow, to allow assessment on the sensitivity of goodwill 
recoverable amount taking into consideration assumed probabilities of different future events and/or scenarios, in view of the 
uncertain economic condition. 
 
The estimated terminal growth rates and discount rates used for VIU calculations are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                            Terminal                                          Discount 
                                                                                                                         Growth rate                                           rate 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
 
Corporate Banking                                                                             4.0%                    4.0%                  10.1%                 12.9% 
Retail Banking                                                                                    4.0%                    4.0%                  10.3%                 12.5% 
 
Based on the impairment test performed, management believes that no reasonable possible change in any of the key 
assumptions would cause the carrying value of any CGU to exceed its recoverable amount. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 241

---- Page 244 ----
242
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
17. Intangible assets 
 
                                                                Software               Work in               Banking                     Core 
                                                                   license             progress                 license              deposits                   Total 
Group                                                                RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cost 
At 1 January 2023                                              324,662                  7,004                 47,415                   6,216              385,297  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                       33,415                  7,186                           -                           -                40,601  
Additions                                                              19,689                24,395                           -                           -                44,084  
Reclassification                                                    15,718               (15,718)                          -                           -                         -  
Transfer to property  
  and equipment (Note 13)                                             -                    (831)                          -                           -                    (831) 
 
At 31 December 2023                                        393,484                22,036                 47,415                   6,216              469,151  
 
Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                                                                            
At 1 January 2023                                              235,509                          -                           -                   5,094              240,603  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                       25,753                          -                           -                           -                25,753  
Amortisation charge 
  for the year (Note 35)                                         40,633                          -                           -                   1,036                41,669 
  
At 31 December 2023                                        301,895                          -                           -                   6,130              308,025  
 
Net book value                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
At 31 December 2023                                          91,589                22,036                 47,415                        86              161,126  
 
                                                                                                                            Note (a)                Note (b)                           
 
                                                                Software               Work in               Banking                     Core 
                                                                   license             progress                 license              deposits                   Total 
                                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cost 
At 1 January 2022                                              293,730                  2,528                 47,415                   6,216              349,889  
Additions                                                              26,301                  9,107                           -                            -                35,408  
Reclassification                                                      4,631                 (4,631)                          -                           -                         - 
  
At 31 December 2022                                        324,662                  7,004                 47,415                   6,216              385,297 
 
Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                                                                            
At 1 January 2022                                              195,074                          -                           -                   4,055              199,129  
Amortisation charge                                                                                                                                                                         
  for the year (Note 35)                                         40,435                          -                           -                   1,039                41,474 
  
At 31 December 2022                                        235,509                          -                           -                   5,094              240,603  
 
Net book value                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
At 31 December 2022                                          89,153                  7,004                 47,415                   1,122              144,694  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                            Note (a)                Note (b)                           
 
                                                                                
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 242

---- Page 245 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
243
17. Intangible assets (cont'd.)  
 
                                                                                                                                                                Work in                            
                                                                                                                                                               progress                  Total  
Company                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cost                                                                                                                                                                                                 
At 31 December 2022/1 January 2023                                                                                                               -                         -  
Additions                                                                                                                                                            2                         2 
  
At 31 December 2023                                                                                                                                        2                         2  
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
(a) Banking license 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Allocation of banking license to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) 
Corporate Banking                                                                                                                            46,846                46,846  
Retail Banking                                                                                                                                        569                     569  
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                          47,415                47,415 
 
  
Banking license represents intangible assets arising from legal rights to operate MBSB Bank as a banking institution. 
Banking license has indefinite useful life and has been assessed for impairment. The recoverable amount is determined 
based on the value-in-use (“VIU”) calculations derived from the same cash flow projections and assumptions that are used 
to determine the recoverable amount of goodwill in Note 16. As the recoverable amount was in excess of the carrying 
amount, no impairment was required. 
 
(b) Core deposits  
 
Core deposits represent the current account and saving account deposits that were acquired from the acquisition of MBSB 
Bank. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 243

---- Page 246 ----
244
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
18. Non-current assets held for sale  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
Non-current assets held for sale comprise: 
 
Financing held for sale (a)                                                                                                                                   -                     564  
Other assets held for sale (b)                                                                                                                    57,047                57,539  
 
                                                                                                                                                                  57,047                58,103 
 
  
(a) Financing held for sale 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Gross movement                                                                                                                                                                     
At 1 January                                                                                                                                      11,457                23,671  
Reclassification to loans, financing and advances (Note 8(vii))                                                         (1,403)               (12,214) 
Derecognition during the year                                                                                                          (10,054)                         - 
  
Gross financing held for sale                                                                                                                      -                11,457  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
ECL movement                                                                                                                                                                        
Less impairment allowance:                                                                                                                                                    
At 1 January                                                                                                                                     (10,893)              (21,549) 
Reclassification to loans, financing and advances (Note 8(viii))                                                          1,417                10,656  
Derecognition during the year                                                                                                             9,476                         - 
  
Total impairment allowance                                                                                                                        -               (10,893) 
 
Net financing held for sale                                                                                                                          -                     564  
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
By economic purpose: 
Purchase of residential properties                                                                                                              -                11,233  
Purchase of other fixed assets                                                                                                                   -                     136  
Purchase of transport vehicles                                                                                                                   -                       43  
Others                                                                                                                                                         -                       45  
 
                                                                                                                                                                      -                11,457 
 
  
The non-current assets held for sale is in relation to the agreement which MBSB Bank entered with an external party to 
dispose of its retail financing. The exercise completed in February 2023. 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 244

---- Page 247 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
245
18. Non-current assets held for sale (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                              
(b) Other assets held for sale 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Lands and office units                                                                                                                       56,846                56,846  
Property and equipment                                                                                                                        201                     260  
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                                    -                     433  
 
                                                                                                                                                          57,047                57,539  
 
 
Property and equipment: 
At 1 January                                                                                                                                           260                         -  
Disposal during the year                                                                                                                       (260)                         -  
Transfer from property and equipment (Note 13)                                                                                   201                     260 
  
At 31 December                                                                                                                                     201                     260  
 
 
Right-of-use assets: 
At 1 January                                                                                                                                           433                     433  
Disposal during the year                                                                                                                       (433)                         - 
  
At 31 December                                                                                                                                         -                     433 
 
 
19. Deposits from customers  
 
(i) By type of deposit: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Term Deposits                                                                                                                            36,025,662         26,749,347  
Demand deposits                                                                                                                         2,021,453           1,473,237  
Savings deposits                                                                                                                             752,952              734,551  
 
                                                                                                                                                   38,800,067         28,957,135 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 245

---- Page 248 ----
246
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
19. Deposits from customers (cont'd.)  
 
(ii) Maturity of term deposits from customers: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Due within six months                                                                                                                27,151,261         19,627,347  
More than six months to one year                                                                                               6,199,332           4,421,626  
More than one year to three years                                                                                                  482,298           1,266,438  
More than three years                                                                                                                  2,192,771           1,433,936  
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                   36,025,662         26,749,347  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
(iii) By type of customers: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Government and statutory bodies                                                                                             19,306,461         15,232,596  
Business enterprises                                                                                                                  14,186,512           8,909,664  
Individuals                                                                                                                                    5,307,094           4,814,875  
 
                                                                                                                                                   38,800,067         28,957,135  
                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                 
20. Deposits and placements of banks and other financial institutions  
 
(i) By type of deposit: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Other financial institutions: 
- Licensed investment banks                                                                                                            29,271                     779  
- Licensed commercial banks                                                                                                                921                          -  
- Licensed islamic banks                                                                                                              1,201,820           1,121,734  
- Other financial institutions                                                                                                         7,591,554           6,388,823  
 
                                                                                                                                                     8,823,566           7,511,336  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 246

---- Page 249 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
247
21. Investment accounts of customers  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Wakalah unrestricted investment account                                                                                                         -           2,080,767  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
The investment account placements were used to fund personal financing. 
 
(i) By type of customers: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Government and statutory bodies                                                                                                              -           1,626,676  
Other financial institutions                                                                                                                          -              454,091  
 
                                                                                                                                                                   -           2,080,767  
 
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Movement of investment accounts of customers: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Balance as at 1 January                                                                                                              2,080,767           2,094,914  
New placement during the year                                                                                                   2,526,300           5,795,123  
Redemption                                                                                                                                 (4,592,220)         (5,809,189) 
Finance expense                                                                                                                               31,473                52,685  
Profit distributed                                                                                                                               (46,320)              (52,766) 
 
Balance as at 31 December                                                                                                                       -           2,080,767  
 
 
(iii) By maturity: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Due within six months                                                                                                                                -           1,926,610  
More than six months to one year                                                                                                              -               154,157  
 
                                                                                                                                                                   -           2,080,767  
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 247

---- Page 250 ----
248
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
21. Investment accounts of customers (cont'd.)  
 
(iv) Rate of Return ("ROR") and Performance Incentive Fee based on residual maturity 
 
                                                                                                                                                  Investment 
                                                                                                                                                      Account 
                                                                                                                                                         Holder                 Group 
                                                                                                                                                       Average     Performance 
2023                                                                                                                                                     ROR     incentive fee 
                                                                                                                                                                 %                        % 
 
Unrestricted investment accounts:                                                                                                                                         
Due within six months                                                                                                                                -                         -  
More than six months to one year                                                                                                              -                         -  
 
                                                                                                                                                  Investment 
                                                                                                                                                      Account 
                                                                                                                                                         Holder                 Group 
                                                                                                                                                       Average     Performance 
2022                                                                                                                                                     ROR     incentive fee 
                                                                                                                                                                 %                        % 
 
Unrestricted investment accounts: 
Due within six months                                                                                                                           4.13                    4.67  
More than six months to one year                                                                                                        4.05                    4.76  
 
 
22. Other payables 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                             Note                      2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000            RM’0000 
 
Amount due to subsidiary                                                                         -                           -                           -                 40,527  
Amount due to brokers and clients                        (a)                     20,156                           -                           -                          -  
Amount due to Government 
  Scheme Funds ("GSF")                                                                 83,019                           -                           -                         -  
Sundry creditors                                                                            267,056               232,068                   5,432                  9,303  
Al-Mudharabah security funds                                                      117,885               132,944                           -                          -  
Expected credit losses for  
  commitments and contingencies                         (b)                     35,250                 52,772                           -                     422  
Employee benefits                                                  (c)                     13,970                           -                           -                          -  
Deferred income                                                                                5,243                   1,314                           -                          -  
Other provisions and accruals                                                       137,965               100,341                      519                     372  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                     680,544               519, 439                   5,951                50,624  
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 248

---- Page 251 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
249
22. Other payables (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Amount due to brokers and clients  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                     Group 
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023 
                                                                                                                                                                                   RM’000 
 
Brokers                                                                                                                                                                         10,237  
Clients                                                                                                                                                                            9,919  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                     20,156  
 
 
(b) Expected credit losses for commitments and contingencies 
 
Movement of expected credit losses for commitments and contingencies are as follows: 
 
2023                                                                                                                                   Group  
                                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                       15,277                 32,440                   5,055               52,772  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                                   1,307                           -                           -                 1,307  
Total charge/(reversal) to profit or loss (Note 33)                     11,709                (27,160)                  (2,910)             (18,361) 
Changes in ECL due to transfer within stages:                                                                                                                          
-  Transfer to Stage 1                                                                 1,948                  (1,935)                       (13)                        -  
  -  Transfer to Stage 2                                                                   (913)                      950                        (37)                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                                       (8)                     (356)                      364                        -  
New financing during the year                                                 12,223                      255                        68               12,546 
Derecognised/converted to loans/ 
  financing during the year                                                                                                                                                         
  (other than write-offs)                                                             (3,743)                  (8,937)                  (3,963)             (16,643) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                          2,202                (17,137)                      671              (14,264) 
 
Derecognition due to debt sale                                                     (72)                     (101)                     (283)                  (456) 
Write-offs                                                                                           -                           -                        (12)                    (12) 
 
As at 31 December                                                                  28,221                   5,179                   1,850                  35,250  
 
 
# The changes in credit risk parameters includes the impact of forward-looking on MEV and changes to loss rate for 
the ECL model. 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 249

---- Page 252 ----
250
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
22. Other payables (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                    
(b) Expected credit losses for commitments and contingencies (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                    
Movement of expected credit losses for commitments and contingencies are as follows: (cont’d.) 
 
2022                                                                                                                                   Group  
                                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                       17,117                 35,929                   1,400               54,446  
Total (reversal)/charge to profit or loss (Note 33)                      (1,840)                  (3,489)                   3,983                (1,346) 
Changes in ECL due to transfer within stages: 
  -  Transfer to Stage 1                                                               24,754                (24,753)                         (1)                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 2                                                                   (306)                      386                        (80)                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                                     (25)                     (873)                      898                         -  
New financing during the year                                                 12,333                   1,395                        95               13,823  
Derecognised/converted to loans/ 
  financing during the year 
  (other than write-offs)                                                             (6,688)                  (8,098)                     (547)              (15,333) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                       (24,285)                   2,618                   4,334               (17,333) 
Change to model assumptions  
  and methodologies ^                                                              (7,623)                 25,836                      (716)              17,497 
 
Write-offs                                                                                           -                           -                      (328)                  (328) 
 
As at 31 December                                                                  15,277                 32,440                   5,055               52,772  
 
 
# The changes in credit risk parameters includes the impact of forward-looking on key MEV and changes to loss rate 
for the ECL model. 
 
^ The changes to model assumptions and methodologies were in relation to incorporation of MEV factors with more 
intuitive trends, revision to PD and LGD modelling and revisions to management overlay assumptions. 
 
2023                                                                                                                                Company  
                                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                            131                        69                      222                    422  
Total (reversal)/charge to profit or loss (Note 33)                           (59)                        32                        61                      34  
Changes in ECL due to transfer within stages:                                    
   -  Transfer to Stage 1                                                                        2                         (2)                           -                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 2                                                                     (17)                        31                        (14)                        -  
  -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                                        -                       (42)                        42                        -  
Derecognised/drawdown to loans/ 
  financing during the year                                                             (46)                          -                           -                     (46) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                                 2                        45                        33                      80  
 
Derecognition due to debt sale                                                     (72)                     (101)                     (283)                   (456) 
 
As at 31 December                                                                           -                           -                           -                          -  
 
 
# The changes in credit risk parameters includes the impact of forward-looking key MEV and changes to loss rate for 
the ECL model. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 250

---- Page 253 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
251
22. Other payables (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
(b) Expected credit losses for commitments and contingencies (cont'd.) 
 
Movement of expected credit losses for commitments and contingencies are as follows: (cont’d.) 
 
2022                                                                                                                                Company  
                                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                            174                        59                        26                    259  
Total (reversal)/charge to profit or loss (Note 33)                           (43)                        10                      196                    163  
Changes in ECL due to transfer within stages: 
  -  Transfer to Stage 1                                                                      16                       (16)                           -                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 2                                                                       (8)                        15                          (7)                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                                       (3)                       (32)                        35                         -  
Derecognised/drawdown to loans/ 
  financing during the year                                                             (16)                         (5)                         (7)                    (28) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                              (32)                        48                      175                    191  
 
Write-offs                                                                                           -                           -                           -                         - 
  
As at 31 December                                                                       131                        69                      222                    422  
 
 
# The changes in credit risk parameters includes the impact of forward-looking on key MEV and changes to loss rate 
for the ECL model. 
 
(c) Employee benefits                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
MIDF Group operates an unfunded, defined Retirement Benefit Scheme ("the Scheme") for its eligible employees. The 
Scheme is a final salary plan and the level of benefits provided depends on the employees' length of service and salary at 
retirement age. 
                                                                          
Under the retirement benefit scheme, eligble employees are entitled to retirement benefits based on the length of service 
and last drawn salary. Retirement benefits are payable only to eligible employees who have completed at least five years 
of service with the Group at the time of their retirement. 
                                                                          
The amount of employee benefits recognised in the statements of financial position is determined as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                     Group 
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023 
                                                                                                                                                                                   RM’000 
 
Presented value of unfunded defined benefit obligations                                                                                            13,970 
  
Present value of net obligations                                                                                                                                   13,970  
 
 
Analysed as: 
Non-current                                                                                                                                                                            
Later than 2 years but not later than 5 years                                                                                                                 1,037  
Later than 5 years                                                                                                                                                         12,933  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                     13,970  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 251

---- Page 254 ----
252
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
22. Other payables (cont'd.) 
 
(c) Employee benefits (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                      
Movement in the net defined benefit liability recognised in the statements of financial position are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                     Group 
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023 
                                                                                                                                                                                   RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                                                                                                                                      - 
Acquisition of MIDF                                                                                                                                                      12,971  
Benefits paid                                                                                                                                                                    (394) 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                     12,577  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Total charge to profit or loss (Note 35): 
  Current cost and interest cost                                                                                                                                         365  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                          365  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                     Group 
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023 
                                                                                                                                                                                   RM’000 
 
Recognised in other comprehensive income: 
  Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability:                                                                                                               
  - Actual loss arising from plan experience                                                                                                                      492  
  - Actual gain arising from changes in financial assumptions                                                                                          536 
  
                                                                                                                                                                                       1,028  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
At 31 December                                                                                                                                                           13,970  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Principal actuarial assumptions used are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                     Group 
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023 
 
Discount rate                                                                                                                                                                4.40% 
Expected rate of salary increase                                                                                                                                  5.00% 
Mortality rate                                                                                                                                                     0.02%-0.70% 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 252

---- Page 255 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
253
22. Other payables (cont'd.)  
 
(c) Employee benefits (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                      
Movement in the net defined benefit liability recognised in the statements of financial position are as follows: (cont’d.) 
 
A quantitative  sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions above is as shown below:  
 
Assumptions                                                                                  Discount rate                          Future salary increase 
                                                                                                   0.5%                    0.5%                    0.5%                  0.5% 
                                                                                             increase             decrease              increase          decrease 
Sensitivity analysis                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
 
(Decrease)/increase in the net defined benefit obligation: 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Group 
 
2023                                                                                          (1,279)                     (407)                     (410)                1,281  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
The sensitivity analysis above has been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on net defined benefit 
obligation as a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occuring at the end of the reporting period. 
 
 
23. Recourse obligation on financing sold  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Repayments due within 12 months                                                                                                     1,952,477              267,189 
Repayments due after 12 months                                                                                                        2,079,255           4,088,219  
 
                                                                                                                                                             4,031,732           4,355,408  
 
 
These amounts relate to proceeds received from the sale of Islamic house and personal financing to Cagamas Berhad with 
recourse to MBSB Bank. Under the agreement, MBSB Bank undertakes to administer the financing on behalf of Cagamas 
Berhad and to buy back any financing which are regarded as defective based on a set of pre-determined criteria.  
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
The recourse obligation on financing sold facilities granted by Cagamas Berhad are secured on a portfolio of property and 
personal islamic financing amounting to RM4,382,769,000 (2022: RM4,707,136,000) as disclosed in Note 8(i). 
                                                                                                                                                                              
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 253

---- Page 256 ----
254
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
24. Sukuk  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                               Note                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Sukuk - MBSB Structured Covered ("SC")Murabahah                                                     (a)                  599,506              833,805  
Tier-2 Sukuk Wakalah                                                                                                       (b)               1,295,819           1,295,012  
Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah                                                                                           (c)                  302,107              301,900 
  
                                                                                                                                                     2,197,432           2,430,717 
 
 
(a) Sukuk - MBSB Structured Covered ("SC") Murabahah 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Maturity of Sukuk - MBSB SC Murabahah: 
Within one year                                                                                                                               228,351              239,633  
More than one year                                                                                                                         371,155              594,172 
  
                                                                                                                                                        599,506               833,805  
 
 
On 25 October 2013, MBSB's Sukuk - MBSB SC Murabahah programme ("the Programme") was approved by the 
Securities Commission of Malaysia. The salient terms of the Programme as prescribed in its Principal Terms and Conditions 
are as follows: 
                                                                                                                                                                      
(i) The Programme is available for issue within a period of 5 years from the first issuance date and is issued in tranches 
("Tranche") from time to time, at the discretion of MBSB; 
 
(ii) Each Tranche will consist of multiple series of Sukuk with different maturities; 
 
(iii) Each Tranche will be backed by an identified pool of Financing Receivables ("Tranche Cover Assets") held by the 
Company's Special Purpose Vehicle ("SPV"), Jana Kapital Sdn. Bhd. ("JKSB"); JKSB who will issue an unconditional 
and irrecoverable Covered Sukuk Guarantee to the holders of the Sukuk - MBSB SC Murabahah; 
                                                                                                                                                                      
(iv) Tranche Cover Assets are pledged by JKSB as security for the Covered Sukuk Guarantee. These Tranche Cover 
Assets are assigned to the Sukuk Trustee for this purpose; 
                                                                                                                                                                      
(v) In the event of default as defined in the Principal Terms and Conditions, the Tranche Cover Assets will be liquidated 
by the Sukuk Trustee in favour of the holders of the Sukuk - MBSB SC Murabahah; and 
                                                                                                                                                                      
(vi) Fr om time to time, additional Tranche Cover Assets will be purchased by JKSB in line with additional Tranches 
drawdown by MBSB. 
                                                                                                                                                                      
As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of financing receivables identified to back the outstanding Sukuk - MBSB 
SC Murabahah amounted to RM1,502,126,000 (2022: RM1,736,343,000) as disclosed in Note 8(i). 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 254

---- Page 257 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
255
24. Sukuk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
(b) Tier-2 Sukuk Wakalah 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Maturity of Tier-2 Sukuk Wakalah:                                                                                                                
Within one year                                                                                                                                   2,201                   2,201  
More than one year                                                                                                                      1,293,618            1,292,811  
 
                                                                                                                                                     1,295,819           1,295,012  
 
 
MBSB Bank’s Sukuk Wakalah Programme of up to RM10 billion nominal value was approved by Bank Negara Malaysia 
and endorsed by the Securities Commission in November 2019. The Sukuk Wakalah Programme comprises: 
 
(i) Senior Sukuk Wakalah, and/or  
(ii) Tier-2 Sukuk Wakalah, and/or 
(iii) Additional Tier-1 Sukuk Wakalah 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
In December 2019, MBSB Bank issued Tier-2 Sukuk Wakalah in nominal value of RM1,300 million, comprising RM650 
million at 5.05% p.a. and RM650 million at 5.25% p.a. The salient terms of the Tier-2 Sukuk Wakalah are as follows: 
 
(i) subject to call option, with minimum tenure of at least 5 years 
(ii) not pledged to any security 
(iii) non convertible 
 
(c) Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Maturity of Sustainability Sukuk Wakalah: 
Within one year                                                                                                                                   2,837                   2,800  
More than one year                                                                                                                         299,270              299,100 
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                        302,107               301,900  
 
 
In April 2022, the Bank issued Sustainablility Sukuk Wakalah in nominal  value of RM300 million, comprising a 5-year 
RM200 million at 4.36% p.a. and a 7-year RM100 million at 4.73% p.a. The salient terms of the Sustainablitiy Sukuk 
Wakalah are as follows: 
 
(i) not pledged to any security 
(ii) non convertible 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 255

---- Page 258 ----
256
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
25. Borrowings and government grant  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                             Group 
                                                                                                                                                                                                2023 
                                                                                                                                                                         Note          RM’000 
 
Borrowings 
Loan from JBIC-FSMI                                                                                                                                        (a)            109,092  
Loan from MITI                                                                                                                                                   (b)              77,191  
                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                   186,283  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Government grant                                                                                                                                               
Loan from MITI                                                                                                                                                   (b)              17,559 
  
Total borrowing and government grant                                                                                                                              203,842  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
(a) Loan from Japan Bank of International Cooperation Fund for Small and Medium Industries ("JBIC-FSMI") 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                     Group 
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023 
                                                                                                                                                                                   RM’000 
 
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                                          - 
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                                                                                                                              108,342  
Interest expense (Note 32)                                                                                                                                                750 
  
At 31 December                                                                                                                                                         109,092  
  
 
The details of the loan from JBIC-FSMI are as follows: 
                                                                                                                                                              
(i) Repayment terms:                        First instalment - RM3,492,287 on 20 March 2009  
                                                     60 half yearly instalments - RM3,492,249 up to 20 March 2039 
 
(ii) Security:                                       Unsecured 
                                                      
(iii) Interest rate:                                 2.75% per annum  
                                                      
There is no foreign exchange risk as the loan is provided in Ringgit Malaysia. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 256

---- Page 259 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
257
25. Borrowings and government grant (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Loan from Soft Loan Scheme for Services Sector ("SLSSS") provided by Ministry of International Trade and Industry 
("MITI") 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                     Group 
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023 
                                                                                                                                                                                   RM’000 
 
Borrowings 
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                                          -  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                                                                                                                                97,998  
Repayment                                                                                                                                                                  (22,000) 
Profit expense *                                                                                                                                                              1,193 
  
At 31 December                                                                                                                                                           77,191  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Government grant                                                                                                                                                                  
At 1 January                                                                                                                                                                          -  
Addition from acquisition of MIDF                                                                                                                                18,752  
Amortisation *                                                                                                                                                                (1,193) 
 
At 31 December                                                                                                                                                           17,559  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                     94,750  
 
                                                      
* Grant income is deducted against the profit expense in profit or loss. 
 
The details of the loan from MITI and repayment term has been revised during the year as follows: 
 
i) Repayment terms:                        Five (5) annual installments of RM22,000,000 each and the last installments 
                                                     of RM50,000,000. 
                                                     Repayable at the end of nineteen years (including a grace period of 10 years) from 
                                                     the date of first drawdown (31 December 2011). 
 
ii) Security:                                       Unsecured 
 
iii) Interest rate:                                 Nil # 
 
# The facility of RM200 million with MITI is based on the Shariah financing concept of Al-Qardhul Hassan. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 257

---- Page 260 ----
258
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
26. Ordinary share capital 
 
                                                                                                                                       Company  
                                                                                                    Number of shares                                  Amount 
                                                                                                   2023                     2022                     2023                  2022 
                                                                                           Units'000             Units'000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
Ordinary shares 
Issued and fully paid:                                                                                                                                                                      
At 1 January                                                                               7,171,483            7,171,483            7,198,068          7,198,068  
Issuance of shares for acquisition of MIDF                                1,050,829                           -               7 72,359                        - 
  
At 31 December                                                                         8,222,312            7,171,483            7,970,427          7,198,068  
 
 
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends from time to time, as and when declared by the Company, after 
obtaining the regulatory approval from Bank Negara Malaysia prior to the declaration of dividends. 
 
All ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. 
 
 
27. Regulatory reserve  
 
Regulatory reserve of the Group is maintained by the subsidiaries, which is transferred from the retained earnings, as an 
additional credit risk absorbent to ensure robustness on the loans/financing impairment assessment methodology. 
 
BNM Guidelines on Financial Reporting/Financial Reporting for Islamic Banking Institutions requires institutions to maintain in  
aggregate, loss allowance for non-credit-impaired exposures and regulatory reserve of no less than 1% of total credit exposures, 
net of loss allowance for credit-impaired exposures. 
                                                                      
As at 31 December 2023, the regulatory reserve is maintained to meet the local regulatory requirement. 
 
 
28. Fair value reserve  
 
The fair value reserve includes the cumulative net changes in the fair value of financial investments at FVOCI and the ECL arising 
from financial investments at FVOCI, until the financial investments are derecognised. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 258

---- Page 261 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
259
29. Revenue 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Profit/interest income from:                                                                                                  
Loans, financing and advances                                                  2,225,412            2,182,830                   3,473                11,022  
Deposits and placements with                                                                                                 
  banks and other financial institutions                                            56,411                 32,779                   4,264                13,362  
Financial investments at FVOCI                                                    388,537               409,620                           -                         -  
Financial investments at at amortised cost                                   118,997                 50,942                           -                         -  
Financial assets at FVTPL                                                               24,775                   6,587                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                    
Fee income 
Net financing processing fees                                                              731                 16,796                           -                         -  
Facility fees                                                                                        3,373                   7,736                           -                     916  
Other facility fees                                                                               2,870                   3,003                   1,015                     398  
Underwriting fees                                                                                 195                           -                           -                         -  
Corporate advisory fees                                                                    6,006                           -                           -                         -  
Income from Government Scheme Funds                                      15,701                           -                           -                         -  
Brokerage fees                                                                                  1,780                           -                           -                         -  
Others                                                                                                4,980                      134                           -                         -  
 
Insurance and commission 
Insurance commission                                                                    27,257                 11,128                          9                       30  
 
Gross dividend income 
Dividend income                                                                                       -                           -               440,828              162,839  
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Investment income 
Net (loss)/gain on sale of: 
- financial assets at FVTPL                                                               (9,867)                (18,195)                           -                         -  
- financial investments at FVOCI                                                    (50,111)                (13,066)                           -                         -  
- financial investments at amortised cost                                              16                           -                           -                         -  
Net unrealised gain on revaluation of: 
- financial assets at FVTPL                                                                4,217                   4,200                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                   2,821,280            2,694,4 94               449,589              188,567  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 259

---- Page 262 ----
260
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
30. Income derived from investment of deposits and Islamic capital funds 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financing and advances                                                                                                                      2,200,915           2,174,850  
Financial investments at FVOCI                                                                                                              386,355              409,620  
Financial investments at amortised cost                                                                                                 116,870                50,942  
Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                                                         24,775                  6,587  
Deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                      54,237                32,763  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                     2,783,152           2,674,762  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                      
The amounts reported above include finance income and hibah calculated using the effective profit rate method that relates to 
the following: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000
                                                                                                                                                                      
Financial investments at amortised cost                                                                                              2,372,022           2,258,555  
Financial investments at FVOCI                                                                                                              386,355              409,620 
  
Finance income and hibah from financial assets not measured at FVTPL                                          2,758,377           2,668,175  
 
 
31. Interest income 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Interest income from:                                                                                  
Loans and advances                                                                       24,497                   7,980                   3,473                11,022  
Deposits and placements with  
  banks and other financial institutions                                              2,174                        15                   4,264                13,362  
Financial investments at FVOCI                                                        2,182                           -                           -                         -  
Financial investments at amortised cost                                           2,127                           -                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                        30,980                   7,995                   7,737                24,384  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 260

---- Page 263 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
261
32. Interest expense 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Deposits from customers                                                                                                                          15,651                         -  
Deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                             69                         -  
Borrowings                                                                                                                                                     750                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                          16,470                         -  
 
 
33. Expected credit losses on loans, financing and advances and other impairment  
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Expected credit losses on loans,  
  financing and advances made/(written back)                                                                                                                                
 
Loans, financing and advances (Note 8(viii)) 
- Stage 1                                                                                          46,554                (53,025)                     (149)                   (305) 
- Stage 2                                                                                       (258,530)              (259,985)                  (1,905)                (5,491) 
- Stage 3                                                                                        319,493               487,956                 19,737               (95,256) 
 
Credit impaired loans, financing and advances: 
- Write-off                                                                                          3,956                 26,670                      249                  4,085  
- Recovered                                                                                    (13,799)                (75,108)                  (9,777)                (2,350) 
 
Loss on sale of loans, financing and advances                               21,322                           -                 2 1,322                         -  
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                      118,996               126 ,508                 29,477               (99,317) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Expected credit losses on financial  
  investments  made/(written back): 
 
Financial investments at FVOCI (Note 5)                                              209                         (4)                           -                         -  
Financial investments at amortised cost (Note 6)                               (266)                     (105)                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                              (57)                     (109)                           -                         - 
 
 Other expected credit losses and  
  impairment allowances made/(written back):                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Other receivables                                                                            19,305                       (59)                           -                         - 
Foreclosed properties                                                                          202                      (168)                      109                    (168) 
Non-current assets held for sale                                                               -                  (6,330)                           -                         -  
Amount due from subsidiaries (Note 9)                                                    -                           -                   1,654                  3,691  
Financing commitments and financial guarantees (Note 22)         (18,361)                  (1,346)                        34                     163  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                          1,146                  (7,903)                   1,797                  3,686  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                      120,085               118 ,496                 31,274               (95,631) 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 261

---- Page 264 ----
262
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
34. Net other income 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Gain on acquisition                                                                                    
Acquisition of MIDF (Note 51(a))                                                    354,383                           -                           -                         -  
 
                                                                                                      354,383                           -                           -                         -  
 
Rental 
Rental income                                                                                       174                       109                   3,817                  5,761  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                             174                      109                   3,817                  5,761  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Fee income 
Net Financing Processing Fees                                                            731                 16,797                           -                         -  
Facility fees                                                                                        3,373                   7,736                           -                     916  
Other Facility Fees                                                                             2,870                    3,003                   1,015                     398 
Underwriting fees                                                                                 195                           -                           -                         -  
Corporate advisory fees                                                                    6,006                           -                           -                         -  
Income from Government Scheme Funds                                      15,701                           -                           -                         -  
Brokerage fees                                                                                  1,780                           -                           -                         -  
Others                                                                                                6,431                      133                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                        37,087                 27,669                   1,015                  1,314  
 
Insurance and commission                                                                                                   
Insurance commission                                                                    27,257                 11,127                          9                       30  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                        27,257                 11,127                          9                       30  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Investment income 
Net (loss)/gain on sale of:                                                                                                         
- financial assets at FVTPL                                                               (9,867)                (18,195)                           -                         -  
- financial investments at FVOCI                                                    (50,111)                (13,066)                           -                         -  
- financial investments at amortised cost                                              16                           -                           -                         -  
Net unrealised gain/(loss) on revaluation of: 
- financial assets at FVTPL                                                                4,217                   4,200                           -                         -  
- derivatives instruments                                                                     (980)                          -                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                       (56,725)                (27,061)                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Gross dividend income                                                                                                          
Dividend income                                                                                       -                           -                440,828              162,839 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                  -                           -               440,828              162,839  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 262

---- Page 265 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
263
34. Net other income (cont'd.)  
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Other income 
Ta'widh/penalty                                                                               20,941                 16,977                 10,783                  6,521  
(Loss)/gain on foreign exchange transactions                                (13,276)                 12,390                           -                         -  
Sundry income                                                                                18,442                   8,931                   9,589                  2,968  
(Loss)/gain from disposal of:                                                                                                                                                            
  Property and equipment                                                                   (163)                         (8)                           -                         -  
  Non-current assets held for sale                                                     1,331                      529                           -                         -  
  Foreclosed properties                                                                     3,980                   2,597                   3,980                  2,597  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                        31,255                 41,416                 24,352                12,086  
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                      393,431                 5 3,260               470,021              182,030  
 
 
35. Operating expenses  
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Personnel expenses (a)                                                                 395,723               310,713                   4,294                  2,071  
Establishment related  expenses                                                  188,971               178,598                   1,101                  1,194  
Promotion and marketing related expenses                                   14,631                 15,904                           -                         -  
General administrative expenses                                                  112,370               145,244                 16,873                51,523  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                      711,695               650 ,459                 22,268                54,788 
 
 
(a) Personnel expenses 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Wages and salaries                                                               286,644               230,075                   1,908                         -  
Contributions to Employees  
  Provident Fund and Social security costs                             46,360                 34,340                      234                         -  
Directors fees (Note 36)                                                             4,006                   4,219                   1,716                  1,949  
Employees' benefits (Note 22)                                                      365                           -                           -                         -  
Shariah Committee remuneration                                                 646                      555                           -                         -  
Staff medical                                                                            24,280                 15,946                        30                         -  
Training courses                                                                      10,406                   6,991                        57                         -  
Other staff related expenses                                                   23,016                 18,587                      349                     122  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                              395,723               310,713                   4,294                  2,071  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 263

---- Page 266 ----
264
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
35. Operating expenses (cont'd.) 
 
Included in operating expenses are the following: 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000  
Auditors' remuneration:                                                                                                            
- Statutory audit                                                                                1,964                   1,690                      483                     310  
- Regulatory related services                                                                486                        10                        56                       10  
- Non-audit fees                                                                                   471                   3,293                      163                  2,594  
Other auditors' remuneration:                                                                                                  
- Statutory audit                                                                                   986                           -                           -                         -  
- Regulatory related services                                                                  22                           -                           -                         -  
Professional fees                                                                             28,070                 56,695                           -                         -  
Depreciation: 
- property and equipment (Note 13)                                                39,731                 43,156                      465                     481  
- right-of-use asset (Note 14(a))                                                      26,124                 22,308                           -                         -  
- investment properties (Note 15)                                                           22                           -                           -                         -  
Lease profit expenses                                                                          917                   1,023                           -                         -  
Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 17)                                     41,669                 41,474                           -                         -  
Directors' remuneration (Note 36)                                                     4,006                   4,219                   1,716                  1,949  
 
 
36. Directors' remuneration 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Directors of the Group and Company 
  Non-Executive:                                                                                          
          Fees                                                                                               2,247                   2,147                      939                  1,033  
        Other emoluments                                                                           1,759                   2,072                       777                     916  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                  4,006                   4,219                    1,716                  1,949  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
The number of directors of the Group and the Company whose total remuneration during the financial year fell within the following 
bands are analysed below:  
                                                                                                                                        Number of Directors  
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
 
Non-executive directors: 
RM1,000  - RM50,000                                                                              1                           -                          3                         -  
RM50,001 - RM100,000                                                                           7                           -                           -                         -  
RM100,001 - RM150,000                                                                          -                          2                           -                         1  
RM150,001 - RM200,000                                                                          -                           -                           -                         2  
RM200,001 - RM250,000                                                                          -                           -                          1                         -  
RM250,001 - RM300,000                                                                         4                          6                          3                         4  
RM300,001 - RM350,000                                                                         4                          2                          2                         1  
RM350,001 - RM400,000                                                                         2                          2                           -                         -  
RM400,001 - RM450,000                                                                         1                          2                           -                         - 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 264

---- Page 267 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
265
36. Directors' remuneration (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                                  
 
Details of the Directors' remuneration of each director during the financial year ended 31 December 2023 are as follows: 
 
Group 
31 December 2023 
                                                                                              Director                                       Benefits in  
                                                                                                            fees           Allowance                      kind                   Total 
Directors                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
1.     Tan Sri Azlan bin Mohd Zainol                                                        24                           -                          3                       27  
2.     Encik Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad                                     172                      155                           -                     327  
3.     Ir. Moslim bin Othman                                                                   152                      126                           -                     278  
4.     Puan Lynette Yeow Su-Yin                                                           151                      152                           -                     303  
5.     Encik Sazaliza bin Zainuddin                                                        251                      186                           -                     437  
6.     Dr. Loh Leong Hua                                                                       179                      132                           -                     311  
7.     Datin Hoi Lai Ping                                                                         147                      119                           -                     266  
8.     Datuk Azrulnizam bin Abdul Aziz                                                  157                      162                           -                     319  
9.     Datuk Johar bin Che Mat                                                              183                      172                           -                     355  
10.   Encik Kamarulzaman bin Ahmad                                                  152                      118                           -                     270  
11.   Encik Arul Sothy Mylvaganam                                                      157                      118                           -                     275 
12.   Encik Ho Kwong Hoong                                                               187                      172                           -                     359  
13.   Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mamat                                                  47                        15                          8                       70  
14.   Datuk (Dr.) Yasmin binti Mahmood                                                 43                        15                           -                       58  
15.   Dato' Kaziah binti Abd Kadir                                                           66                        26                           -                       92  
16.   Encik Ahmad Lutfi bin Abdul Mutalip @ Talib                                 42                        17                          5                       64  
17.   Datuk Hasnah binti Omar                                                               33                        12                          5                       50  
18.   Datuk Mohd Nasir bin Ali                                                                70                        21                          4                       95 
19.   Encik Ahlan Nasri bin Mohd Nazir @ Nasir                                     34                        16                           -                       50  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                         2,247                   1,734                        25                  4,006  
  
 
Company 
31 December 2023 
                                                                                                                                 Director                               
                                                                                                                                        fees           Allowance                   Total 
Directors                                                                                                                    RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
1.     Tan Sri Azlan bin Mohd Zainol                                                                                    12                           -                       12  
2.     Encik Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad                                                                 172                      155                     327  
3.     Ir. Moslim bin Othman                                                                                               152                      126                     278  
4.     Puan Lynette Yeow Su-Yin                                                                                       151                       152                     303  
5.     Encik Sazaliza bin Zainuddin                                                                                    123                        81                     204  
6.     Dr. Loh Leong Hua                                                                                                    162                      132                     294  
7.     Datin Hoi Lai Ping                                                                                                     147                      119                     266  
8.     Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mamat                                                                              10                          6                       16  
9.     Datuk Yasmin binti Mahmood                                                                                     10                          6                       16  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                          939                      777                  1,716  
 
 
* 50% of the Directors' fees are paid to the organisation to whom the director represents.  
                                                                                                                    
*
*
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 265

---- Page 268 ----
266
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
36. Directors' remuneration (cont'd.)  
 
Details of the Directors' remuneration of each director during the financial year ended 31 December 2022 are as follows: (cont’d.) 
 
Group 
31 December 2022 
                                                                                              Director                                       Benefits in  
                                                                                                            fees           Allowance                      kind                   Total 
Directors                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
1.     Tan Sri Azlan bin Mohd Zainol                                                      280                      111                        31                     422  
2.     Ir. Moslim Othman                                                                         145                       142                           -                     287  
3.     Encik Sazaliza Zainuddin                                                              235                      196                           -                     431  
4.     Datuk Johar bin Che Mat                                                              167                      188                           -                     355  
5.     Datuk Azrulnizam bin Abdul Aziz                                                  150                      179                           -                     329  
6.     Encik Kamarulzaman bin Ahmad                                                  145                      143                           -                     288  
7.     Encik Arul Sothy Mylvaganam                                                      146                       146                            -                     292  
8.     Encik Ho Kwong Hoong                                                               174                      200                           -                     374  
9.     Encik Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad                                     157                      167                           -                     324  
10.   Dr. Loh Leong Hua                                                                       150                      148                            -                     298  
11.   Datin Hoi Lai Ping                                                                         117                      138                           -                     255  
12.   Puan Lynette Yeow Su-Yin                                                           136                      142                           -                     278  
13.   Encik Aw Hong Boo                                                                        72                        74                           -                     146  
14.   Encik Lim Tian Huat                                                                       73                        67                           -                     140  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                         2,147                   2,041                        31                  4,219  
 
 
Company 
31 December 2022 
                                                                                                                                 Director                               
                                                                                                                                        fees           Allowance                   Total 
Directors                                                                                                                    RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
1.     Tan Sri Azlan bin Mohd Zainol                                                                                  140                        39                     179  
2.     Ir. Moslim Othman                                                                                                     145                      142                     287  
3.     Puan Lynette Yeow Su Yin                                                                                        136                       142                     278  
4.     Encik Sazaliza bin Zainuddin                                                                                    115                        73                     188  
5.     Dr. Loh Leong Hua                                                                                                    150                      148                     298  
6.     Datin Hoi Lai Ping                                                                                                     117                      138                     255  
7.     Encik Mohamad Abdul Halim bin Ahmad                                                                 157                      167                     324  
8.     Encik Lim Tian Huat                                                                                                    73                        67                     140 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                       1,033                      916                  1,949  
 
        
*      50% of the Directors' fees are paid to the organisation to whom the director represents.  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
*
*
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 266

---- Page 269 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
267
37. Taxation  
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Malaysian income tax:                                                                                 
  Current income tax                                                                        54,929               228,035                           -                23,521  
  Under/(over) provision in prior year                                               51,488                 27,903                   (1,588)                (1,428) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                              106,417               255,938                   (1,588)               22,093  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Deferred tax (Note 10)                                                                    (46,895)                (27,967)                  (1,786)                 5,418  
 
                                                                                                                                         
Total income tax expense for the year                                            59,522               227,971                   (3,374)               27,511  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                         
Tax recognised directly in equity: 
  Fair value reserve (Note 10)                                                          (71,297)                 56,972                           -                         -  
 
 
A reconciliation of income tax expense applicable to profit before taxation at the statutory income tax rate to income tax expense 
at the effective income tax rate of the Group and of the Company is as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Profit before taxation and zakat                                                    559,723               691,336               424,216              247,257  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Taxation at Malaysian statutory tax rate of 24% (2022: 24%)       134,334               165,921               101,812                59,342  
Additional tax rate of 9% in excess of RM100 million                              -                 48,245                           -                         -  
Effect of income not subject to tax                                              (101,386)                     (895)              (105,799)              (39,082) 
Effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                       26,556                 20,068                   3,863                  1,226  
Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                     -                       (66)                           -                         -  
Temporary differences not recognised in prior years                     (51,470)                (31,398)                  (1,662)                 7,453  
Under/(over) provision of income tax in prior years                        51,488                 27,903                   (1,5 88)                (1,428) 
Effect of Cukai Makmur                                                                            -                  (1,807)                           -                         - 
  
Tax expense for the year                                                                 59,522               227,971                   (3,374)               27,511  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 267

---- Page 270 ----
268
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
38. Earnings per share  
        
Basic 
        
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit for the year by the weighted average number of ordinary shares 
in issue during the financial year.  
 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022 
 
Net profit for the year (RM'000)                                                                                                               491,809              460,188  
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000)                                                              7,433,471           7,171,484  
Basic earnings per share (sen)                                                                                                                      6.62                    6.42  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                      
The Group has no dilution in their earnings per ordinary share in the current and previous financial years as there are no dilutive 
ordinary shares. 
 
 
39. Dividends                                                                                                                                                                                        
        
Dividend declared by the Group and the Company: 
 
                                                                                                                                                Total 
                                                                                                                                            amount 
                                                                                                 Sen per share                   RM'000                   Date of payment 
 
Single-tier interim dividend for 2022                                                           8.5                   609,576                         17 April 2023 
        
Single-tier interim dividend for 2021                                                           3.0                   215,145                    12 January 2022 
 
On 18 April 2024, the Company announced a single-tier final dividend of 3.5 sen per ordinary share in respect of the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023. Based on the number of shares in issue of 8,222,312,432 ordinary shares as at 31 December 
2023, the dividend payable would be RM287,780,935. 
 
The financial statements for the current financial year do not reflect the proposed final dividend. Such dividend, if approved by 
the shareholders in the forthcoming Annual General Meeting, will be accounted for in equity as an appropriation of retained 
profits in the financial year ending 31 December 2024. 
 
 
40. Capital adequacy                                                                                                                                                                           
        
The Group and the Company have complied and computed the capital adequacy ratios in accordance with Bank Negara Malaysia’s 
Capital Adequacy Framework for Islamic Banks (Capital Components and Risk-Weighted Assets). The total risk-weighted assets 
are computed based on Standardised Approach for Credit and Market Risk and Basic Indicator Approach for Operational Risk. 
 
In December 2020, Bank Negara Malaysia issued a revised Policy Document on the Capital Adequacy Framework for Islamic Banks 
(Capital Components) (“CAFIB”) and with immediate effect, superseding the version previously issued in February 2020. The revised 
CAFIB has provided for an optional transitional arrangement for regulatory capital treatment of expected credit losses (“ECL”) 
provisions. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 268

---- Page 271 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
269
40. Capital adequacy (cont'd.)  
 
This new optional transitional arrangement allows financial institutions to add back the amount of loss allowance measured at an 
amount equal to 12-month and lifetime ECL to the extent they are ascribed to non-credit impaired exposures (hereinafter referred 
to as Stage 1 and Stage 2 provisions) to CET1 capital on a gradual phase-out basis either over a four-year period from the financial 
year beginning 2020, or over a three-year period from the financial year beginning 2021. 
                                                                                                                                                                  
The Group and the Company have elected to apply this transitional arrangement (“TA”) for four financial years from the financial 
year beginning 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2023. 
 
For the purpose of disclosures in the financial statements, the capital adequacy of the Group is disclosed ‘with TA’ and ‘without TA’. 
 
                                                                                                                                                            Group  
                                                                                                     with TA           without TA                 with TA          without TA  
                                                                                                   2023                     2023                     2022                   2022 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") Capital                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                            
Ordinary share capital                                                                7,970,427            7,970,427            7,198,068           7,198,068  
Retained earnings exclude merger reserve                                1,876,865            1,876,865            2,102,482           2,102,482  
Other reserves                                                                                  (9,264)                  (9,264)              (341,366)            (341,366) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Less : Regulatory adjustments                                                   9,838,028            9,838,028            8,959, 184           8,959,184  
Goodwill                                                                                        (148,031)              (148,031)              (148,031)            (148,031) 
Deferred tax assets                                                                        (95,220)                (95,220)              (107,238)            (107,238) 
Cumulative gains of financial investments at FVOCI                      (22,274)                (22,274)                (10,856)              (10,856) 
Intangible assets                                                                           (161,126)              (161,126)              (144,694)            (144,694) 
Regulatory reserve attributable to financing                                 (106,644)              (106,644)                           -                         - 
  
Total CET1 Capital                                                                      9,304,733            9,304,733            8,548,365           8,548,365  
 
Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                                                                                  
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments                                                         -                           -                           -                         -  
Less: Tier 1 regulatory adjustments                                                          -                           -                           -                         - 
  
Total Tier 1 capital                                                                      9,304,733            9,304,733            8,548,365           8,548,365  
                                                                                                            
Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                                                                   
Stage 1 and Stage 2 ECL allowances                                           545,294               545,294               452,36 1              452,361  
Tier 2 capital instruments                                                           1,300,000            1,300,000            1,300,000           1,300,000 
  
Total Tier 2 capital                                                                      1,845,294            1,845,294            1,752,361           1,752,361  
 
Total capital base                                                                      11,150,027          11,150,027          10,300,726         10,300,726 
 
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 269

---- Page 272 ----
270
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
40. Capital adequacy (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                                             
 
Breakdown of risk weighted assets in various categories of risk weights are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                            Group  
                                                                                                     with TA           without TA                 with TA          without TA  
                                                                                                   2023                     2023                     2022                   2022 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Total risk weighted assets ("RWA") 
- Credit risk                                                                              43,623,502          43,623,502          36,188,860         36,188,860  
- Market risk                                                                                  323,809               323,809                 90,857                90,857  
- Operational risk                                                                        2,795,170            2,795,170            2,862,186           2,862,186  
 
Total RWA                                                                                 46,742,481          46,742,481          39,141,903         39,141,903  
                                                                                                                                         
 
Capital adequacy ratios 
CET1 capital ratio                                                                        19.906%              19.906%              21.839%             21.839% 
Tier 1 capital ratio                                                                        19.906%              19.906%              21.839%             21.839% 
Total capital ratio                                                                          23.854%              23.854%              26.316%             26.316% 
 
 
The capital ratios after a proposed single-tier final dividend of 3.5 sen per ordinary share in respect of financial year ended   
31 December 2023 amounting to RM287,780,935 are as follows: 
 
Capital ratios (after single-tier interim dividend)                                                                               
CET 1 capital ratio                                                                       19.291%              19.291% 
Tier 1 capital ratio                                                                        19.291%              19.291% 
Total capital ratio                                                                          23.238%              23.238% 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 270

---- Page 273 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
271
41. Significant related party transactions/balances                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                         
For the purpose of disclosures in the financial statements, parties (both companies and key management personnel) are 
considered to be related to the Group if the Group or the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly to control the party or 
exercise significant influence over the party in making financial and operational decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group or 
the Company and the party are subject to common control or common significant influence. 
 
(a) The related parties of, and their relationship with the Company, are as follows: 
Relationship
Employees Provident Fund ("EPF") 
 
Other companies 
 
 
 
 
 
Key management personnel 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subsidiaries 
Ultimate holding body  
 
Other companies consist of: 
- Associate companies of EPF 
- Joint venture companies with EPF 
- Companies in which directors of the Company and subsidiaries of the 
Company hold directorship. 
 
Those persons having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing 
and controlling the activities of the Group and the Company either directly or 
indirectly. The key management personnel of the Group and the Company 
include Directors of the Company, Directors of subsidiaries of the Company 
and employees of the Group who make certain critical decisions in relation 
to the strategic direction of the Group. 
 
Subsidiaries of the Company 
Related parties
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 271

---- Page 274 ----
272
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
41. Significant related party transactions/balances (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                   
                                                                             
(b) Related party transactions  
In addition to the related party disclosures mentioned elsewhere in the financial statements, set out below are other significa nt related 
parties transactions.                                    
 
                                                                                                                                                                                             Key management 
                                                                      EPF                        Other companies                 Subsidiaries                        personnel  
                                                            2023             2022              2023              2022            2023               2022              2023            2022 
Related party transactions          RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Group                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Income earned
                                                                                                                                                                                               
Profit/interest on deposits and    placements with banks and    other financial institutions                        -                   -                   1                   1                  -                     -                    -                   -  
Profit/interest on financial    investment at:   - FVOCI                                                    -                   -            3,615                    -                  -                     -                    -                   -  
  - Amortised cost                                      -                   -            1,008                    -                  -                     -                    -                   -  
Profit/interest on loans,    financing and advances                           -                   -               197                    -                  -                     -                 28                19  
Brokerage fee                                        492                   -               219                    -                  -                     -                    -                   -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Expenditure incurred
                                                                                                                                                                                     
Profit on deposits from    customers                                      52,808          37,893          17,771            9,852                  -                     -                 62           1,002  
Profit on sukuk                                 39,521          47,619                    -                    -                  -                     -                    -                   -  
Rental expenses                                      22                 50                    -                    -                  -                     -                    -                   -  
Other expenses ^                                      -                   -            3,235            6,615                  -                     -                    -                   - 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Company                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Income earned                                                                                                                                                                                                
Interest on deposits and    placements                                              -                   -                    -                    -          4,264                     -                    -                  - 
Interest on loans and    advances                                                 -                   -                    -                    -           1,782              3,042                    -                  -  
Rental income                                            -                   -                    -                    -          3,796                     -                    -                  -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Expenditure incurred
                                                                                                                                                                                     
Intercompany recharges                            -                   -                    -                    -           3,93 0                     -                    -                  - 
 
 ^ Other expenses include transactions for services provided by related entities such as takaful expenses. 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 272

---- Page 275 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
273
41. Significant related party transactions/balances (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                   
                                                                             
(c) Related party balances  
                                                                                                                                                                                             Key management 
                                                                      EPF                        Other companies                 Subsidiaries                        personnel  
                                                            2023             2022              2023              2022            2023               2022              2023            2022 
Related party balances                RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Group Amount due from
 
Cash and short-term funds                        -                   -          24,477        113,963                  -                     -                    -                   -  
Deposits and placements    with banks and other    financial institutions                                 -                   -                  32                 32                  -                     -                    -                  -  
Financial investments at: - FVOCI                                                      -                   -        103,494                    -                  -                     -                    -                   -  
- Amortised cost                                        -                   -          30,912                    -                  -                     -                    -                   -  
Loans, financing and advances                 -                    -             7,449                    -                  -                     -               885             935  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 
Amount due to                                                                                                                                                                                                
Deposits from customers            2,370,709     1,560,988        400,967        279,430                  -                     -            4,470          2,771  
Deposits and placements    of banks and other    financial institutions                                 -                   -         801,352        594,773                  -                     -                    -                  - 
Rental deposit                                           -                 17                    -                    -                  -                     -                    -                   -  
Sukuk                                             665,063        846,548                    -                    -                  -                     -                    -                   -  
                                                                                          
 Company                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Amount due from
                                                                                                                                                                                           
Cash and short-term funds                        -                    -                    -                    -          5,809                     -                    -                  -  
Deposits and placements    with banks and other    financial institutions                                 -                    -                    -                    -        65,077                     -                    -                  -  
Amount due from subsidiaries                   -                   -                    -                    -         35,619            53,863                    -                  -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 
Amount due to                                                                                                                                                                                                
Amount due to subsidiary                          -                   -                    -                    -                  -            40,527                    -                  -  
     
  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 273

---- Page 276 ----
274
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
41. Significant related party transactions/balances (cont'd.)  
 
(d) Key management personnel compensation                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                              
The remuneration of Directors and other members of key management during the year is as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Short-term employee benefits                                                                                                          42,928                15,273  
Pension costs                                                                                                                                      4,896                  1,767  
                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                             47,824                17,040  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                
Included in the total key management personnel are: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Remuneration comprising salary, bonus, allowances and other emoluments of: 
 
Group Chief Executive Officer                                                                                                             3,365                     702  
Acting Group Chief Executive Officer                                                                                                         -                  1,206  
 
                                                                                                                                                            3,365                  1,908  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
42. Credit exposures arising from transactions with connected parties  
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Outstanding credit exposures with connected parties                  904,083            1,255,027                           -                       69  
 
 
Percentage of outstanding credit exposures to  
  connected parties as proportion of  
  total credit exposures                                                                    1.82%                  2.84%                  0.00%                 0.01% 
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                      
Percentage of outstanding credit exposures to  
  connected parties which is non-performing 
  or in default                                                                                    0.11%                  0.35%                  0.00%                 0.01% 
 
 
The credit exposures above are derived based on Bank Negara Malaysia's revised Guidelines on Credit Transactions and 
Exposures with Connected Parties. 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 274

---- Page 277 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
275
43. Commitments and contingencies
 
In the normal course of business, the Group and the Company make various commitments and incur certain contingent liabilities w ith legal 
recourse to their customers.  No material losses are anticipated as a result of these transactions. 
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                  Group                                                  Company  
                                                                                                                                  Credit            Risk                                  Credit            Risk  
                                                                                                         Principal    equivalen t   weighted        Principal    equivalent   weighted  
                                                                                                           amount        amount       amount          amount        amount      amount 
2023                                                                                                  RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Direct credit substitutes                                                                      80,589          80,589        80 ,589                     -                    -                  -  
Trade-related contingencies                                                                69,139          34,569        34,569                     -                    -                  -  
Short term self liquidating trade related contingencies                      56,657          11,331        11,331                     -                    -                  -  
Irrevocable commitments to extend credit:                                                                                                                                           
- one year or less                                                                           1,789,696        357,929      357, 929                     -                    -                  -  
- over one year to five years                                                           1,839,478        917,899      826,677                     -                    -                  -  
- over five years                                                                                 361,078        180,539      18 0,539                     -                    -                  -  
Interest rate related contracts  - over one year to five years                                                              300,000          10,275          2,055                     -                    -                  -  
Foreign exchange related contracts #                                                                                                                                                                      
- one year or less                                                                           2,820,048          75,103        2 0,251                     -                    -                  -  
 
                                                                                                       7,316,685     1,668,234   1,513,940                     -                    -                  -  
  
#    Foreign related contracts represents the notional amount of the derivative financial instruments recognised as derivative assets/liabilities. 
 
                                                                                                                                  Group                                                  Company  
                                                                                                                                  Credit            Risk                                  Credit            Risk  
                                                                                                         Principal    equivalen t   weighted        Principal    equivalent   weighted  
                                                                                                           amount        amount       amount          amount        amount      amount 
2023                                                                                                  RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Direct credit substitutes                                                                      19,359          19,359        19 ,359                     -                    -                  -  
Trade-related contingencies                                                                81,715          37,169        37,169                     -                    -                  -  
Short term self liquidating trade related contingencies                      29,069            5,814          5,814                     -                    -                  -  
Irrevocable commitments to extend credit:                                                                                                                                           
- one year or less                                                                              793,601        158,218      158 ,218                     -                    -                  -
- over one year to five years                                                           1,885,883        942,078      840,673              9,782            4,671          3,460  
- over five years                                                                                 347,598        173,799      17 3,799                     -                    -                  -  
Foreign exchange related contracts # 
- one year or less                                                                           1,976,886          44,668        1 7,499                     -                    -                  -  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                       5,134,111     1,381,105   1,252,531              9,782            4,671            3,460  
   
#    Foreign related contracts represents the notional amount of the derivative financial instruments recognised as derivative assets/liabilities.  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 275

---- Page 278 ----
276
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
44. Capital Commitments  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
                                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                        RM’000              RM’000 
 
Property and equipment /intangible assets: 
Contracted but not provided for                                                                                                               58,673                16,329  
 
 
45. Contingent liabilities  
 
Megah Berkat Sdn. Bhd.  & 2 Ors ("Plaintiffs") vs MBSB Bank Berhad  
 
The Plaintiffs commenced an action against MBSB Bank for breach of contract and fiduciary duty and negligence for failure to 
issue the Performance Guarantee as per their request. The Plaintiffs’ claim, amongst others, is for a return of all money received 
from the 1st Plaintiff, special damages and other claims amounting to a total amount of approximately RM40.4 million.  
 
MBSB Bank filed an application to strike out the Plaintiffs’ Writ and Statement of Claim on 2 December 2021. The striking out 
application was allowed by the KL High Court on 13 June 2022. 
 
The Plaintiffs filed an appeal against the Court’s decision on 7 July 2022. On 5 May 2023, the Court of Appeal allowed the 
appeal. Accordingly, the matter is returned to the Court for full trial. The court has fixed this matter for full trial on 6 May 2024 
to 10 May 2024. 
 
The solicitor is of the view that MBSB Bank has a good chance of success in its defence of the action. 
 
 
46. Financial risk management  
                                                                                                                                                                      
The Group and the Company have exposure to one or more of the following risks:                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                      
(i) Credit risk                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Arising from the possibility of losses due to an obligor, market counterparty or issuer of securities or other instruments 
held, having failed to perform its contractual obligations to the Group; 
 
(ii) Market risk                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Arising from fluctuations in the market value of the trading; or investment exposure arising from changes to market risk 
factors such as profit/interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit spreads, commodity prices and their associated 
volatility; 
                                                                                                                                                                      
(iii) Liquidity risk                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Arising from the Group and the Company's ability to efficiently meet its present and future funding needs or regulatory 
obligations, when they come due, which may adversely affect its daily operations and incur unacceptable losses; 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 276

---- Page 279 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
277
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)   
 
(iv) Operational risk  
 
Arising from risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events; 
                                                                                                                                                                      
(v) Profit/interest rate and rate of return risk in the banking book                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                      
Current and potential risk to the Group and the Company's earning and economic value arising from movement in the 
profit rates/rate of return; 
 
(vi) Capital risk                                                                                                                                                                               
 
Arising from failure to meet the minimum regulatory and internal requirements; and                                                             
 
(vii) Shariah Non Compliance risk                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Arising from possible failure to comply with the Shariah requirements as determined by SAC of BNM and Securities  
Commission ("SC"), SAC within the Group and other Shariah regulatory authorities. 
 
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                      
Risk management forms an integral part of the Group and the Company's activities and remains an important feature in all 
their business, operations, delivery channels and decision-making processes. The extent to which the Group and the 
Company are able to identify, assess, monitor, manage and report each of the various types of risk is critical to its strength, 
soundness and profitability. The Group’s and the Company's risk management function is independent of their operating 
units. All new businesses, introduction of new products, engagement in new activities or entrance into new strategic 
alliances are subject to endorsement by the Risk Management Division ("RMD") and submitted to the Audit Committee 
(“AC”), Risk Management Committee ("RMC") and/or the Board for approvals.  
 
In essence, the objectives of the Group and the Company's risk management activities are to: 
                                                                                                                                                                      
(i) Identify and monitor the various risk exposures and risk requirements;                                                                          
 
(ii) Ensure risk-taking activities are consistent with the approved policies and the aggregated risk positions are within the 
risk appetite as approved by the Board; and 
 
(iii) Help create shareholder value through proper allocation of risk and the facilitation of independent risk assessments 
of new business and products. 
 
(b) Risk management framework                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
The Group and the Company employ an Enterprise-wide Risk Management Framework to manage its risks effectively. The 
framework involves an on-going process of identifying, evaluating, monitoring, managing and reporting significant risks 
affecting the Group and the Company which is implemented through a number of committees established by the Board. 
This framework provides the Board and the management with a tool to anticipate and manage both existing and potential 
risks, taking into consideration dynamic risk profiles as dictated by changes in business strategies, regulatory environment 
and functional activities throughout the year. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 277

---- Page 280 ----
278
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                      
(b) Risk management framework (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                
 
Key features of the Risk Management Framework include:                                                                                                    
 
(i) Governance and Organisation                                                                                                                                         
 
A strong governance structure is important to ensure an effective and consistent implementation of the Risk 
Management Framework. The Board is ultimately responsible for the Group’s and the Company's strategic directions, 
which is supported by the Risk Appetite and Risk Management Frameworks, policies and procedures. The Board is 
assisted by various risk committees and control functions in ensuring that the Group’s and the Company's Risk 
Management Framework is effectively maintained. 
 
(ii) Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment  Process ("ICAAP")                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                              
The Group’s and the Company's ICAAP framework ensures that all material risks are identified, measured and reported; 
and that adequate capital levels consistent with the risk profiles, including capital buffers, are maintained to support 
the current and projected demand for capital, under existing and stressed conditions. For non-measurable risks, 
relevant framework and control mechanisms are implemented to mitigate and manage the same. 
 
(iii) Risk Appetite 
                                                                                                                                                                                         
It is defined as the amount and types of risk that the Group and the Company is able and willing to accept in pursuit 
of its strategic and business objectives. The development of the risk appetite is integrated into the annual strategic 
planning process and is adaptable to changing business and market conditions. As the risk appetite is dynamic, the 
Board sets the risk appetite based on the business and financial targets, while incorporating macroeconomic and 
global outlook. The Board also considers the actual and targeted risk profile of the Group and the Company proposed 
by senior management and business units when setting the risk appetite. The risk appetite is also being reviewed 
annually or as and when required. 
 
(iv) Risk Management Process                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                         
• Business Planning: RMD is an element of the business planning process, which encompasses setting frameworks 
for risk appetite, risk structure and new product or new business activities. 
 
• Risk Identification: Risks are systematically identified through the robust application of the Group’s and the 
Company's Risk Management Framework, policies and procedures. 
 
• Measure and Assess: Risks are measured and aggregated using the Group-wide methodologies across each of 
the risk types, including stress testing. 
 
• Manage and Controls: Controls and limits are used to manage risk exposures within the risk appetite set by the 
Board. Controls and limits are regularly monitored and reviewed in the face of evolving business needs, market 
conditions and regulatory changes. Corrective actions are taken to mitigate risks. 
 
• Monitor and Report: Risks on an individual as well as a portfolio basis are regularly monitored and reported to 
ensure they remain within the Group’s and the Company's risk appetite. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 278

---- Page 281 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
279
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                      
(b) Risk management framework (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                
 
Key features of the Risk Management Framework include : (cont’d.) 
 
(v) Risk Management Infrastructure                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                         
• Risk Policies, Procedures and Methodologies: Well-defined risk policies by risk type provide the principles by 
which the Group and the Company manages its risks. Procedures provide guidance for day-to-day risk-taking 
activities. Methodologies provide specific requirements, rules or criteria that must be met to comply with the 
policy. 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
• People: Attracting the right talent and skills are the key to ensuring a well-functioning risk management framework. 
The organisation continuously evolves and proactively responds to the increasing complexity of the Group and 
the Company as well as the economic and regulatory environment. 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
• Technology and Data: Appropriate technology and sound data management are enablers to support risk 
management activities.  
 
(vi) Risk Culture                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                         
The Group and the Company embraces risk management as an integral part of its culture and decision-making 
processes. The Group’s and the Company's risk management philosophy is embodied in the Three Lines of Defense 
approach, whereby risks are managed at the point of a risk-taking activity. There is clear accountability of risk 
ownership across the Group and the Company. Guided by the said principle, the Group has launched a Risk 
Awareness Culture which comprises training, awareness campaigns and roadshows within the Group and the 
Company to promote a healthy risk culture. A strong risk culture minimises the Group’s and the Company's exposure 
to financial and non-financial risks including reputational impact, over time.  
 
In addition, the Group and the Company have implemented the Regional Compliance and Risk Officers (“RCROs”) 
and Designated Compliance and Risk Officers (“DCOROs”) to cultivate proactive risk and compliance management 
and to establish a robust risk culture. The DCOROs are appointed at the respective branches, business and functional 
units across the Group and the Company to provide real time advisory on risk and compliance matters. 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
(c) Risk organisation                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
At the apex of the Group and the Company's risk management structure is the Board, which comprises Non-Executive 
Directors. In line with best practices, the Board determines the risk policy objectives for the Group and the Company, and 
assumes responsibility for the supervision of risk management. 
 
The day-to-day responsibility for risk management and control is delegated to the RMC which undertakes the oversight 
function for overall risk limits of the Group and the Company to ensures that they are within risk appetites established by 
the Board. Other than the RMCC, the Board is also supported by specialised and supervisory committees, the details of 
which are as follows:  
                                                                                                                                                                                 
(i) Asset and Liability Committee ("ALCO"): The ALCO is responsible for the Group’s and the Company's liquidity 
management by focusing on the maturity gap, liquidity position, loans/financing portfolio concentration, deposits 
composition and depositors’ concentration. The ALCO also manages the profit/interest rate exposures and 
profit/interest margin of the Group and the Company by reviewing the lending rates, cost of funds, profit/interest 
margin and the repricing gaps. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 279

---- Page 282 ----
280
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                                                         
(c) Risk organisation (cont'd.)  
 
(ii) Credit and Rehabilitation Assessment Committee (“CARAC”): The CARAC deliberates and approves decisions on the 
remaining conventional corporate and retail financing, within the authority limit delegated by MBSB’s Board. Where 
the proposals of the existing corporate and retail financing are not within CARAC’s authority limit, it would recommend 
the proposals to MBSB Board for approval. MBSB no longer disburses loans/financing. 
 
(iii) Management Committee ("MANCO"): The MANCO deliberates the implementation of the enterprise-wide Risk 
Management Framework which addresses credit, market and operational and strategic risks and also resolves 
operational issues within the policies established by the Board and recommends policy changes to the Board. 
 
The Group’s and the Company's risk management approach is based on the ‘Three Lines of Defence’ concept.  
 
1st line of defence - the risk owner or risk-taking unit ie Business or Support unit is accountable for putting in place a 
robust control environment within their respective units. They are responsible for the day-to-day management of operational 
risk. 
 
2nd line of defence - RMD is responsible for establishing and maintaining the Risk Management Framework, developing 
various risk management tools to facilitate the management of operational risk, monitoring the effectiveness of risk 
management, assessing operational risk issues from the risk owner and escalating the issues to the relevant governance 
level with recommendations on appropriate risk mitigation strategies. In creating a strong risk culture, the RMD is also 
responsible to promote risk awareness across the Group and the Company. 
 
Compliance Division is responsible for ensuring effective oversight on compliance-related risks such as regulatory 
compliance risk, compliance risk as well as money laundering and terrorism financing risks through proper classification 
of risks and developing, reviewing and enhancing compliance-related training programme as well as conducting training 
that promotes awareness creation. 
 
3rd line of defence - Internal Audit provides independent assurance to the Board and senior management on the 
effectiveness of the risk management process. 
 
(d) Risk reporting and monitoring 
 
The Group and the Company's credit portfolios are monitored through early alert reporting to ensure credit deterioration is 
promptly detected and mitigated through the implementation of risk remediation strategies. All business units undertake 
regular and comprehensive analyses of their credit portfolios and report to the relevant committees and are overseen by 
the RMD. The RMD provides independent reporting to the business units and the Board to ensure independence in relation 
to the prompt identification and communication of emerging credit issues of the Group and the Company to the Board. 
 
(e) Credit risk mitigation  
 
All credit facilities are granted based on the credit standing of the customer, source of repayment, debt servicing ability 
and the collateral provided. The valuation of the collateral is conducted periodically. The main types of collateral taken by 
the Group and the Company are marketable securities, real estate, inventory and receivables. Personal guarantees are 
also taken as a part of the collateral to support moral commitment from the principal shareholders and directors. Corporate 
guarantees are often obtained when the customer’s credit worthiness is insufficient to justify the granting of credit facilities. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 280

---- Page 283 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
281
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
(f) Concentration risk                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                      
Concentration of credit risk arises when several customers are engaged in similar business activities or activities within 
the same geographic region, or when they have similar risk characteristics that would cause their ability to meet contractual 
obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. The Group and the Company monitor their 
portfolios to identify and assess risk concentrations. The credit portfolios are monitored and periodically reviewed to identify, 
assess and guard against unacceptable risk concentrations. The RMD also applies single customer counterparty limits to 
protect against unacceptably large exposures to a single risk. The RMD conducts analyses and reports concentration risk 
to the Board on a quarterly basis. 
 
46.1 Credit risk                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                         
Credit risk is the risk of loss to the Group and the Company due to the deterioration in credit worthiness of its 
customers and, consequently, their ability to discharge their contractual obligations to the Group and the Company. 
Credit risk remains the most significant risk to which the Group and the Company are exposed. The purpose of credit 
risk management is to keep credit risk exposure to an acceptable level in line with the Group and the Company's risk 
appetite and to ensure that the returns are commensurate to the risk underwritten. 
 
The primary objective of the Group and the Company's credit platform is to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness 
of the credit oversight and credit approval processes for all retail and corporate loans. Credit proposals are submitted 
to the relevant credit committees for approval or concurrence, and are subsequently submitted to the RMD for 
independent assessment. Credit exposures are evaluated by the RMD and are monitored against approved limits on 
a periodic basis on a portfolio and individual basis, individually and on a portfolio level.  
 
(i) Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                              
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the statements of financial position is the amounts on the statements of 
financial position as well as off-balance sheet financial instruments, without taking into account any collateral 
held or other credit enhancements. For financial assets reflected in the statement of financial position, the 
exposure to credit risk equals their carrying amount. For financial guarantees and similar contracts granted, it is 
the maximum amount that the Group and the Company would have to pay if the guarantees were called upon. 
For credit related commitments and contingencies that are irrevocable over the life of the respective facilities, it 
is generally the full amount of the committed facilities. All financial assets of the Group and the Company are 
subject to credit risk except for cash in hands, foreclosed properties, prepayments, deferred expenses, statutory 
deposits with Bank Negara Malaysia as well as non-financial assets. 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 281

---- Page 284 ----
282
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont’d.) 
 
The table below shows the maximum exposure to credit risk for the Group and the Company.  
 
(i) Maximum exposure to credit risk (cont'd.) 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
                                                                                                           2023                     2022                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Credit risk exposure relating to  
  on-balance sheet assets                                                                                                                                           
Cash and short-term funds *                                      4,997,499            1,827,118                   5,809               46,504  
Deposits and placements with  
  banks and otherfinancial institutions                          749,812               597,746                 65,078             100,033  
Financial assets at FVTPL                                             283,054               240,357                           -                         -  
Financial investments at FVOCI                               12,637,634          11,392,780                           -                         -  
Financial investments at amortised cost                    4,608,470            1,625,792                           -                         -  
Derivative financial assets                                               40,080                 15,017                           -                         -  
Loans, financing and advances                               40,491,527          36,933,658               272,225             36 8,451  
Other financial assets ^                                                222,657                 30,531                   1,266                 1,410  
Non-current assets held for sale                                              -                      564                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                 64,030,733          52,663,563               3 44,378             516,398  
                                                                                                                                                                                       
Credit risk exposure relating to  
  off-balance sheet assets                                                                                                                                           
Direct credit substitutes                                                  80,589                 19,359                           -                         -  
Trade-related contingencies                                            69,139                 81,715                           -                         -  
Short term self-liquidating  
  trade-related contingencies                                          56,657                 29,069                           -                         -  
Irrevocable commitments                                          3,990,252            3,027,082                           -                 9,782  
Interest rate related contracts                                      300,000                           -                           -                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                   4,496,637            3,157,225                           -                 9,782 
 
Total maximum exposure to credit risk               68,527,370          55,820,788               344,378             526,180  
 
 
* Cash and short-term funds exclude cash on hand 
^ Other financial assets exclude foreclosed properties, prepayments and deferred 
expenses. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 282

---- Page 285 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
283
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                              
46.1 Credit risk (cont’d.)                                                                                                                                                                
 
(ii) Credit quality                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                              
The credit mapping table below provides information to users of financial statements in understanding the Group and 
the Company's risk management practices and evaluating the nature of risks arising from financial instruments. The 
Group and the Company's internal rating scale and mapping of external ratings are set out below: 
                                                                                                                                 
Credit rating mapping table for loans, financing and advances, financing commitments and financial guarantees 
Credit rating mapping table for other financial assets 
Description
Excellent 
 
 
 
Good 
 
 
Average 
 
 
Below Average 
 
 
Poor 
 
Unrated 
 
 
Impaired 
 
Superior capability for payment of financial commitments with little 
susceptibility to adverse effects to changes in circumstances and economic 
conditions. 
 
Strong capacity to meet financial commitments and are less susceptible to 
adverse effects to changes in circumstances and economic conditions. 
  
Moderate capacity to meet financial commitments and may be susceptible 
to adverse changes in circumstances and economic conditions. 
  
Weak in terms of overall credit risk, with some apparent risk of default. May 
face problems in meeting commitments in the long term. 
  
Poor credit quality and high risk of default.   
  
Refers to financial asset which are currently not assigned with ratings due to 
unavailability of rating models. 
 
Refers to financial assets in respect of loans, financing and advances for 
which exposures are assessed individually and considered impaired based 
on the Group and the Company's policies.  
Risk Level
Rating for disclosures in the financial statements
AAA
RAM 
RATINGS
MARC MOODY'S
AAA AAA Aaa
AA and below BBB3 to AA1 BBB- to AA+ Baa3 to Aa1
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 283

---- Page 286 ----
284
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Credit quality (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Loans, financing and advances                                                                                                             
 
The credit quality of the Group and the Company's loans, financing and advances are summarised as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                            Gro up  
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Excellent                                                                147,319                      541                           -             147,860  
Good                                                                   3,427,968                 11,512                           -          3,439,480  
Average                                                               5,808,573               434,038                           -          6,242,611  
Below Average                                                       526,313                 62,476                           -             588,789  
Poor                                                                           6,441                 13,654                           -               20,095  
Unrated                                                             27,327,438            1,222,324                           -        28,549,762  
Impaired                                                                            -                           -            3, 055,714          3,055,714 
  
Gross loans, financing  
  and advances (Note 8(vii))                           37,244,052            1,744,545            3,055,714        42,044,311  
Less: ECL (Note 8 (viii))                                       (344,317)                (80,059)           (1,128,408)        (1,552,784) 
 
Net loans, financing and advances               36,899,735            1,664,486            1,927,306        40,491,527 
 
 
                                                                                                                          Compan y   
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Impaired                                                                            -                           -               532,161             532,161 
  
Gross loans, financing and 
  advances (Note 8(vii))                                                   -                           -               532,161             532,161  
Less: ECL (Note 8 (viii))                                                   -                           -               (259,936)           (259,936) 
 
Net loans, financing and advances                                -                           -               272,225             272,225  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 284

---- Page 287 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
285
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Credit quality (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)                                                                                               
 
The credit quality of the Group and the Company's loans, financing and advances are summarised as follows: 
(cont’d.) 
 
                                                                                                                            Gro up 
  
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Excellent                                                                142,128                      547                           -             142,675  
Good                                                                   3,492,094               154,831                           -          3,646,925  
Average                                                               4,097,812               432,974                           -          4,530,786  
Below Average                                                       258,242               130,834                           -             389,076  
Poor                                                                         19,231                 41,462                           -               60,693  
Unrated                                                             25,397,721            1,784,588                           -        27,182,309  
Impaired                                                                            -                           -            2, 607,227          2,607,227 
  
Gross loans, financing  
  and advances (Note 8(vii))                           33,407,228            2,545,236            2,607,227        38,559,691  
Less: ECL (Note 8 (viii))                                       (293,979)              (337,893)              (994,161)        (1,626,033) 
 
Net loans, financing and advances               33,113,249            2,207,343            1,613,066        36,933,658  
 
 
                                                                                                                         Compan y  
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Average                                                                             -                 46,430                           -               46,430  
Unrated                                                                    36,972                   8,041                           -               45,013  
Impaired                                                                            -                           -               537,623             537,623  
 
Gross loans, financing and  
  advances (Note 8(vii))                                          36,972                 54,471               537,623             629,066  
Less: ECL (Note 8 (viii))                                           (1,222)                  (3,493)              (255,900)           (260,615) 
 
Net loans, financing and advances                      35,750                 50,978               281,723             368,451  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 285

---- Page 288 ----
286
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Credit quality (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)  
 
The credit quality of the Group and the Company's commitments and financial guarantees are summarised as 
follows: 
 
                                                                                                                            Gro up  
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financing commitments                                                                                                                                       
Excellent                                                                362,521                           -                           -             362,521  
Good                                                                      955,382                      322                           -             955,704  
Average                                                               1,743,486               276,424                           -          2,019,910  
Below Average                                                       183,618                 15,582                           -             199,200  
Poor                                                                                   -                           -                        89                      89  
Unrated                                                                  724,168                 18,341                 10,319             752,828 
  
Gross financing commitments                        3,969,175               310,669                 10,408          4,290,252  
Less: ECL (Note 22(b))                                          (26,213)                  (5,051)                  (1,850)             (33,114) 
 
Net financing commitments                            3,942,962               305,618                   8,558          4,257,138  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Financial guarantees                                                                                                                                            
Good                                                                        84,253                           -                           -               84,253  
Average                                                                  106,119                      400                           -             106,519  
Below Average                                                           2,413                   3,050                           -                 5,463  
Unrated                                                                    10,150                           -                           -               10,150 
  
Gross financial guarantees                                 202,935                   3,450                           -             206,385  
Less: ECL (Note 22(b))                                            (2,008)                     (128)                           -                (2,136) 
 
Net financial guarantees                                     200,927                   3,322                           -             204,249  
 
 
                                                                                                                          Compan y   
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financing commitments                                                   
Unrated                                                                             -                           -                            -                         - 
 
Gross financing commitments                                       -                           -                            -                         - 
 
Less: ECL (Note 22(b))                                                     -                           -                            -                         - 
 
Net financing commitments                                           -                           -                            -                         -  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 286

---- Page 289 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
287
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Credit quality (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Loans, financing and advances (cont'd.)  
 
The credit quality of the Group and the Company's commitments and financial guarantees are summarised as 
follows: (cont’d.) 
 
                                                                                                                            Gro up  
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financing commitments 
Excellent                                                                    6,447                        17                           -                 6,464  
Good                                                                      786,966                 20,127                           -             807,093  
Average                                                               1,100,530               228,608                           -          1,329,138  
Below Average                                                         62,858                 10,875                           -               73,733  
Poor                                                                                   -                      406                   1,369                 1,775  
Unrated                                                                  778,515                 24,552                   5,813             808,880  
 
Gross financing commitments                        2,735,316               284,585                   7,182          3,027,083  
Less: ECL (Note 22(b))                                          (14,454)                (31,638)                  (1,366)             (47,458) 
 
Net financing commitments                            2,720,862               252,947                   5,816          2,979,625  
 
 
Financial guarantees                                                                                                                                            
Excellent                                                                    1,680                           -                           -                 1,680  
Good                                                                        54,011                   1,444                           -               55,455  
Average                                                                    39,423                   3,518                           -               42,941  
Below Average                                                         18,042                           -                           -               18,042  
Poor                                                                                   -                           -                 12,024               12,024 
  
Gross financial guarantees                                 113,156                   4,962                 12,024             130,142  
Less: ECL (Note 22(b))                                               (823)                     (802)                  (3,689)               (5,314) 
 
Net financial guarantees                                     112,333                   4,160                   8,335             124,828  
 
 
                                                                                                                        Company   
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financing commitments 
Unrated                                                                      8,378                      617                      787                 9,782  
 
Gross financing commitments                               8,378                      617                      787                 9,782  
Less: ECL (Note 22(b))                                               (132)                       (70)                     (220)                  (422) 
 
Net financing commitments                                   8,246                      547                      567                 9,360 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 287

---- Page 290 ----
288
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Credit quality (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Other financial assets                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                              
The credit quality of the Group and the Company's other financial assets are summarised as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                            Gro up  
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cash and short-term funds                                                                                                                                  
AAA                                                                     4,783,106                           -                           -          4,783,106  
AA and below                                                        214,307                           -                           -             214,307  
Unrated*                                                                          86                           -                           -                      86 
  
                                                                           4,997,499                           -                           -          4,997,499  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Deposits and placements with banks 
  and other financial institutions 
AAA                                                                        749,780                           -                           -             749,780  
AA and below                                                                 32                           -                           -                      32 
  
                                                                              749,812                           -                           -             749,812  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Financial assets and  
  investments portfolios                                                                                                                                        
AAA                                                                     2,885,270                           -                           -          2,885,270  
AA and below                                                     1,794,312                           -                           -          1,794,312  
Unrated*                                                            12,644,490               205,086                           -         12,849,576  
 
                                                                         17,324,072               205,086                           -        17,529,158  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Other financial assets                                                                                                                                           
Unrated                                                                  222,657                           -                           -             222,657 
  
                                                                              222,657                           -                           -             222,657  
 
 
* Unrated debt investments for the Group include government guaranteed securities of RM11,301,782,000 
(2022: RM10,814,467,000)                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                         
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 288

---- Page 291 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
289
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Credit quality (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Other financial assets (cont'd.)                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                              
The credit quality of the Group and the Company's other financial assets are summarised as follows: (cont’d.) 
 
                                                                                                                         Compan y  
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cash and short-term funds 
AA and below                                                            5,809                           -                           -                 5,809  
 
                                                                                  5,809                           -                           -                 5,809 
 
 
Deposits and placements with banks  
  and other financial institutions 
AA and below                                                          65,078                           -                           -               65,078 
  
                                                                                65,078                           -                           -               65,078  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Other financial assets 
Unrated                                                                      1,266                           -                           -                 1,266 
  
                                                                                  1,266                           -                           -                 1,266 
 
  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 289

---- Page 292 ----
290
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Credit quality (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Other financial assets (cont'd.)                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                              
The credit quality of the Group and the Company's other financial assets are summarised as follows: (cont’d.) 
 
                                                                                                                            Gro up  
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cash and short-term funds 
AAA                                                                     1,838,470                           -                           -          1,838,470 
  
                                                                           1,838,470                           -                           -          1,838,470  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Deposits and placements with banks  
  and other financial institutions                                                                                                
AAA                                                                        597,714                           -                           -             597,714  
AA and below                                                                 32                           -                           -                      32 
  
                                                                              597,746                           -                           -             597,746  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Financial assets and  
  investments portfolios                                                                                                                                        
AAA                                                                     1,304,864                           -                           -          1,304,864  
AA and below                                                        361,252                           -                           -             361,252  
Unrated*                                                            11,387,855               204,958                           -         11,592,813  
 
                                                                         13,053,971               204,958                           -        13,258,929  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Other financial assets 
Unrated                                                                    30,531                           -                           -               30,531 
  
                                                                                30,531                           -                           -               30,531  
 
 
* Unrated debt investments for the Group include government guaranteed securities of RM11,301,782,000 
(2022: RM10,814,467,000) 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 290

---- Page 293 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
291
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Credit quality (cont'd.)  
 
(b) Other financial assets (cont'd.)                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                              
The credit quality of the Group and the Company's other financial assets are summarised as follows: (cont’d.) 
 
                                                                                                                         Compan y  
 
                                                                              Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Cash and short-term funds 
AA and below                                                          46,504                           -                           -               46,504  
 
                                                                                46,504                           -                           -               46,504  
                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Deposits and placementswith banks  
  and other financial institutions 
AA and below                                                        100,033                           -                           -             100,033 
  
                                                                              100,033                           -                           -             100,033  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Other financial assets 
Unrated                                                                      1,410                           -                           -                 1,410 
  
                                                                                  1,410                           -                           -                 1,410  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 291

---- Page 294 ----
292
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont’d.)                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
(iii) Concentration of credit risk  
                                                       
Cash and                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                       short-term                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                        funds and  
                                                           deposits                                                  Financial                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                   and                                                      invest-                                                                               Non-                                                                 
                                                     placements      Financial      Financial           ments                                Loans,                               current                 On                          Commit-  
                                                                  with          invest-          invest-                   at    Derivative      financing            Other          assets        balance      Financial           ment  
                                                           financial           ments           ments     amortised       financi al               and       financial              held             sheet              gua-  and conti-  
Group                                           institutions*      at FVTPL       at FVOCI              cost          assets     advances          assets        for sale              total         rantees     gencies^ 
2023                                                     RM'000         RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000        RM'000         RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000      RM'000 
 
Government   and central banks                           3,944,134          10,368     8,326,802     1,262,183                    -                    -                    -                    -   13,543,487                    -                  -  
Household sectors                                          -                    -                    -                    -                    -    28,762,122                    -                    -   28,762,122                     -      1,066,929  
Agriculture                                                       -                    -          20,091                    -                    -        198,552                    -                    -        218,643               110          107,175  
Mining and quarrying                                       -                    -        115,389          96,519                    -          47,397                    -                    -        259,305                    -            13,718  
Manufacturing                                                 -                    -        139,336          40,767               223     1,536,133                    -                    -     1,716,459          24,693          707,714  
Electricity, gas and water                                -                    -        550,694        146,524                    -        176,292                    -                    -        873,510          57,500              6,020  
Construction                                                    -                    -        596,969        198,104                    -     2,978,320                    -                    -      3,773,393          40,445          800,226  
Wholesale & retail trade                                       and restaurants & hotels                               -                    -                    -                    -            1,347     1,491,132                    -                    -     1,492,479          14,253          622,615  
Transport, storage and   communication                                              -                    -        100,581          34,717                    -        384,932                    -                    -         520,230          56,339            72,386  
Finance, insurance,                                            real estate and    business services                           1,803,177        272,686     1,903,823     2,036,434          38,510     2,921,832                    -                    -     8,976,462          10,420          837,355  
Education, health and   others                                                            -                    -        346,579          20,425                    -        183,673                    -                    -         550,677            2,625         55,114 
Others                                                              -                    -        537,370        772,797                    -     1,811,142        222,657                    -     3,343,966                    -              1,000 
  
                                                         5,747,311        283,054   12,637,634     4,608,470          40,080   40,491,527        222,657                    -   64,030,733        206,385       4,290,252  
  
* Cash and short-term funds and deposit placements with banks and other financial institutions exclude cash in hand. ^  Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts.                                                                       
 
  
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
   
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 292

---- Page 295 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
293
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont’d.)                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
(iii) Concentration of credit risk (cont'd.)  
 
                                                      Cash and                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                       short-term                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                        funds and  
                                                           deposits                                                  Financial                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                   and                                                      invest-                                                                               Non-                                                                 
                                                     placements      Financial      Financial           ments                                Loans,                               current                 On                          Commit-  
                                                                  with          invest-          invest-                   at    Derivative      financing            Other          assets        balance      Financial           ment  
                                                           financial           ments           ments     amortised       financi al               and       financial              held             sheet              gua-  and conti-  
Group                                           institutions*      at FVTPL       at FVOCI              cost          assets     advances          assets        for sale              total         rantees     gencies^ 
2022                                                     RM'000         RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000        RM'000         RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000      RM'000 
 
Government    and central banks                           1,827,118                    -     8,479,579        378,305                    -                    -                    -                    -   10,685,002                    -                  -  
Household sectors                                          -                    -                    -                    -                    -   27,009,740                    -               564   27,010,304                    -          808,262  
Agriculture                                                       -                    -                    -                    -                    -          47,434                    -                    -          47,434                    -            27,376  
Mining and quarrying                                       -                    -          81,438          45,429                    -          63,988                    -                    -        190,855                    -            13,156  
Manufacturing                                                 -                    -                    -                    -                    -     1,000,671                    -                    -      1,000,671          36,690          204,639  
Electricity, gas and water                                -                    -        495,472          85,285                    -        901,411                    -                    -     1,482,168                    -                  -  
Construction                                                    -                    -        594,358        151,320                    -      2,894,335          18,740                    -      3,658,753          47,737       1,235,923  
Wholesale & retail trade   and restaurants & hotels                               -                    -                    -                    -                    -     1,023,173                    -                    -     1,023,173          11,612          310,871  
Transport, storage and    communication                                              -                    -          59,623          24,487                    -        336,457                    -                    -        420,567          25,250            46,974  
Finance, insurance and    business services                              597,746        240,357     1,279,216        940,966                    -     3,342,263                    -                    -     6,400,548            8,854          379,871  
Education, health    and others                                                     -                    -        403,094                    -                    -        185,863                    -                    -        588,957                    -                   10  
Others                                                              -                    -                    -                    -          15,017        128,323          11,791                    -        155,131                    -                  -  
  
                                                         2,424,864        240,357   11,392,780     1,625,792          15,017   36,933,658          30,531               564    52,663,563        130,143       3,027,082  
 
 * Cash and short-term funds and deposit placements with banks and other financial institutions exclude cash in hand. ^  Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts.                                                                       
                                                                                     
 
  
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
   
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 293

---- Page 296 ----
294
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont’d.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(iii) Concentration of credit risk (cont'd.)  
 
                                                       Cash and                                                                                                                 
                                                     short-term                                                                                                                
                                                      funds and                                                                                                                
                                                         deposits                                                                                                                
                                                                 and                                                                                                                
                                                   placements                Loans,                                                    On            Commit-  
                                                                with           financing                   Other               balance                  ment  
                                                         financial                     and              financial                   sheet           and con-  
Company                                   institutions*           advances                 assets                     total       tingencies^ 
2023                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Construction                                                  -              207,585                           -               2 07,585                         -  
Finance, insurance and  
  business services                               70,887                          -                           -                 70,887                         -  
Education,  
  health and others                                         -                64,640                           -                 64,640                         -  
Others                                                            -                          -                   1,266                   1,266                         - 
 
                                                            70,887              272,225                   1,266               3 44,378                         -  
                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                         
* Cash and short-term funds and deposit placements with banks and other financial institutions exclude cash in 
hand. 
^  Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts. 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 294

---- Page 297 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
295
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont’d.)                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
(iii) Concentration of credit risk (cont'd.)  
 
                                                       Cash and                                                                                                                 
                                                     short-term                                                                                                                
                                                      funds and                                                                                                                
                                                         deposits                                                                                                                
                                                                 and                                                                                                                
                                                   placements                Loans,                                                    On            Commit-  
                                                                with           financing                   Other               balance                  ment  
                                                         financial                     and              financial                   sheet           and con-  
Company                                   institutions*           advances                 assets                     total       tingencies^ 
2022                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Household sectors                                        -                29,835                           -                 29 ,835                  9,747  
Manufacturing                                               -                48,523                           -                 48,523                         -  
Construction                                                  -              213,785                           -               2 13,785                         -  
Wholesale & retail 
  trade and restaurants  
  & hotels                                                        -                  2,881                           -                   2,881                       35  
Transport, storage 
  and communication                                     -                  1,174                           -                   1,174                         -  
Finance, insurance 
  and business  
  services                                            146,537                  2,812                           -               149,349                         -  
Education, health 
  and others                                                   -                69,441                           -                 69,441                         -  
Others                                                            -                          -                   1,410                   1,410                         - 
  
                                                          146,537              368,451                   1,410               51 6,398                  9,782  
 
 
* Cash and short-term funds and deposit placements with banks and other financial institutions exclude cash in 
hand. 
^  Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 295

---- Page 298 ----
296
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont’d.) 
 
(iv) Collateral                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                      
The credit risk of financial assets of the Group and the Company is mitigated by the collateral in respect of financial 
assets. 
 
The collateral mitigates credit risk and would reduce the extent of impairment losses for assets subject to impairment 
review. 
 
The main types of collateral obtained by the Group and the Company to mitigate credit risk are as follows: 
                                                                 
- For conventional mortgage and Islamic property financing - charge over properties; 
                                                                                                                                                      
-  For auto loans and financing - ownership claims over vehicles financed;                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                 
-  For project loans and financing - charges over projects being financed; and 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
-  For other advances and financing - charges over business assets such as premises, inventories, marketable 
securities, real estate, and trade receivables or deposits. 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
The financial effect of collateral (quantification to the extent to which collateral and other credit enhancements mitigate 
credit risk) held for net loans, financing and advances for the Group is 83.64% (2022: 65.09%) and the Company is 
at 98.26% (2022: 64.67%). The financial effect of collateral held for the remaining financial assets are not significant. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 296

---- Page 299 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
297
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.1 Credit risk (cont’d.) 
 
(v) Key macroeconomic variables                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                     
In computing the ECL of loans, financing and advances, the Group and the Company incorporate the impact of 
forward-looking key  MEV according to respective portfolio. The Group and the Company performed statistical analysis 
based on historical experience and identified the MEV impacting credit risk and ECL for each portfolio. The relationship 
of the MEV on the components of ECL has been determined by performing statistical regression analysis to understand 
the impact changes in these variables have had historically on default rates and the components. Sources of forecasts 
of the MEVs are external research houses. 
                                                                                                                                                                      
The MEV incorporated into the ECL calculations are supported with 3 economic scenarios i.e. baseline, best and 
worst case scenarios. The following table shows the MEV applied but not limited to by the Group and the Company 
in the ECL models. 
Base scenario
Next 
12 
months 
Macro-economic 
Variables ("MEVs") 
2023 
 
Private Consumption  
  (in Billion) 
 
Unemployment Rate (%) 
 
Consumer Price Index      
  ("CPI") 
  
2022 
 
Private Consumption  
  (in Billion) 
 
Unemployment Rate (%) 
 
Consumer Price Index      
  ("CPI")
Re- 
maining 
forecast 
Next 
12 
months 
Re- 
maining 
forecast 
Next 
12 
months 
Re- 
maining 
forecast 
 
   
1,005.73  
  
          
3.19  
  
      
133.72  
  
  
  
      
947.89  
  
3.23  
       
130.13  
 
     
1,112.93  
 
            
3.19  
 
        
140.78  
 
 
 
     
1,068.21  
            
3.20  
        
136.69  
 
   
1,023.83  
  
          
3.05  
  
      
134.35  
  
  
  
      
964.96  
           
3.09  
       
129.84  
 
   
1,129.54  
 
          
3.06  
 
      
142.35  
 
 
 
   
1,084.14  
          
3.07  
      
135.85  
    
 
987.27  
 
      
  4.03  
 
 
   132.04  
 
 
 
 
   930.48  
 
       4.06  
 
   130.77  
 
   
1,102.00  
  
          
3.55  
  
      
138.84  
  
  
  
   
1,057.75  
           
3.50  
       
137.70  
Best scenario Worst scenario
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 297

---- Page 300 ----
298
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.2 Market risk 
 
Market risk is the risk of potential loss as a result of changes in the intrinsic value of financial instruments caused by 
movements in market variables such as profit/interest rates, equity pricing and other related macroeconomic factors that 
will eventually affect the Group and the Company's profitability and capital preservation. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
The Group and the Company's market risk management includes the monitoring of fluctuations in net profit/interest income 
or investment value due to changes in relevant market risk factors. The ALCO monitors the exposure on a monthly basis 
through reports produced by the Treasury Division. The RMD, via its presence in the ALCO, provides advisory services 
and input on the Group and the Company's market risk management. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
In managing profit/interest rate risk, the Group and the Company intend to maximise net profit/interest income and net 
profit/interest margin and minimise the significant volatilities that may arise in relation to the Group and the Company's 
assets and liabilities. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
Sensitivity analysis for profit/interest rate risk 
 
At the reporting date, if profit/interest rates had been 100 basis points lower/higher, with all other variables held constant, 
the Group and the Company's net profit and shareholders' equity would have been as per the following table, arising mainly 
as a result of changes in profit/interest expenses from floating rate borrowings and fixed deposits placed by customers 
and profit/interest income from floating rate loans, financing and advances. 
 
                                                                                                                              Group                                           Company 
 
                                                                                 +100 basis           -100 basis          +100 basis         -100 basis  
                                                                                         points                  points                  points                points  
                                                                                      RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
2023 
 
Impact to profit after tax                                                         (25,585)                 98,591                        17                     (17) 
                                                                                                    
Impact on equity                                                                    430,547              (562,427)                           -                         -  
 
 
2022                                                                                                                                                                                        
 
Impact to profit after tax                                                         (59,866)                 59,866                        31                     (31) 
 
Impact on equity                                                                   (423,324)               457,866                           -                         -  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 298

---- Page 301 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
299
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.2 Market risk (cont'd.)  
Profit/interest rate risk                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                              
The tables below summarise the Group and Company's exposure to profit/interest rate risk. As profit/interest rates and yield curves change 
over time, the Group and the Company may be exposed to loss in earnings due to the effects of profit/interest rates on the structure of the 
statement of financial position. Sensitivity to profit/interest rate arises from mismatches in the repricing dates, cash flows and other 
characteristics of the financial assets and their corresponding financial liabilities funding. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                       Non- 
                                                                       Within 1 year                                                                        profit/                       
 Group                                             Up to 1             >1-3            >3-12              >1-5        Over 5          interest        Trading                    
2023                                                 month        months        months            years          years        s ensitive             book           Total 
                                                       RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Financial Assets
 
Cash and short-term funds         5,016,539                   -                    -                    -                  -          590,775                -        5,607,314  
Deposits and placements    with banks and other    financial institutions                               32          91,812        654,552                    -                  -              3,416                    -       749,812  
Financial assets at FVTPL                          -                   -                    -                    -                  -                     -        283,054       283,054  
Financial investments at FVOCI       55,046        301,939     1,029,362     5,976,727   5,158,144          116,416                    -  12,637,634  
Financial investments at    amortised cost                                 7,696                   -        699,104     2,547,383   1,331,479            22,808                    -    4,608,470  
Derivative financial assets                23,925            8,874                   6                    -                  -                     -            7,275         40,080  
Loans, financing and    advances *                               19,647,244     1,617,956     2,715,346     1,582,375  13,007,523       1,921,083                    -  40,491,527 
Other financial assets                                -                   -                    -                    -                  -          222,657                    -       222,657  
Statutory deposits with                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Bank Negara Malaysia                            -                   -                    -                    -                  -          822,661                    -      822,661 
Non-current assets  
  held for sale                                             -                   -                    -                    -                  -            57,047                    -        57,047 
  
Total financial assets              24,750,482     2,020,581      5,098,370   10,106,485  19,497,146       3,756,863        290,329  65,520,256  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 
* This is arrived after deducting impairment allowances from gross impaired loans, financing and advances.                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                        
   
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 299

---- Page 302 ----
300
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.2 Market risk (cont'd.)  
Profit/interest rate risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                       Non- 
                                                                       Within 1 year                                                                        profit/                       
 Group                                             Up to 1             >1-3            >3-12              >1-5        Over 5          interest        Trading                    
2023                                                 month        months        months            years          years        s ensitive             book           Total 
                                                       RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Financial Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                        
Deposits from customers          13,783,690     7,585,958   11,917,279     2,666,380          8,690       2,838,070                    -  38,800,067  
Deposits and placements   of banks and other    financial institutions                   4,780,699     2,524,017        493,665        802,711                  -          222,474                    -   8,823,566  
Islamic repurchase    agreement                                                -     1,410,830        594,369                    -                  -                     -                    -   2,005,199  
Derivative financial    liabilities                                            4,328               830                    -                    -                  -                     -                    -          5,158  
Other financial liabilities                             -                   -                    -                    -                  -          675,301                    -      675,301  
Lease liabilities                                   1,996            3,904            8,823          15,241                  -                     -                    -        29,964  
Recourse obligation on    financing sold                                   5,179          61,721     1,872,376     2,079,255                  -            13,201                    -   4,031,732  
Sukuk                                                         -                   -        223,659        571,156   1,392,887              9,730                    -   2,197,432  
Borrowings and 
  government grant                                    -                   -                    -                    -      186, 283            17,559                    -      203,842  
 
Total financial liabilities          18,575,892   11,587,260   15,110,171     6,134,743    1,587,860       3,776,335                    -  56,772,261  
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Total profit/interest  
  sensitivity gap                          6,174,590    (9,566,679)  (10,011,801)     3,971,742   17,909,286          (19,472)        290,329     8,747,995  
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                 
   
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 300

---- Page 303 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
301
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.2 Market risk (cont'd.)  
Profit/interest rate risk (cont'd.) 
 
The tables below summarise the Group and Company's exposure to profit/interest rate risk. As profit/interest rates and yield curves change 
over time, the Group and the Company may be exposed to loss in earnings due to the effects of profit/interest rates on the structure of the 
statement of financial position. Sensitivity to profit/interest rate arises from mismatches in the repricing dates, cash flows and other 
characteristics of the financial assets and their corresponding financial liabilities funding.                                
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                       Non- 
                                                                       Within 1 year                                                                        profit/                       
 Group                                             Up to 1             >1-3            >3-12              >1-5        Over 5          interest        Trading                    
2022                                                 month        months        months            years          years        s ensitive             book           Total 
                                                       RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Financial Assets
                                                                                                                                                                                             
Cash and short-term funds         1,838,470                   -                    -                    -                  -          367,480                    -    2,205,950  
Deposits and placements    with banks and other    financial institutions                               32                   -        597,714                    -                  -                     -                    -      597,746  
Financial assets at FVTPL                          -                    -                    -                    -                  -                     -         240,357      240,357  
Financial investments at    FVOCI                                                      -          90,095         652,070     4,347,246   6,182,245          121,124                    - 11,392,780  
Financial investments at    amortised cost                                         -                   -            3,000        683,002      924,090            15,700                    -    1,625,792  
Derivative financial assets                  7,970            6,917               130                    -                  -                     -                    -         15,017  
Loans, financing and    advances *                               16,444,383          36,940     3,362,331     1,337,280  14,139,658       1,613,066                    -  36,933,658  
Other financial assets                                -                   -                    -                    -                  -            30,531                    -        30,531  
Statutory deposits with    Bank Negara Malaysia                            -                   -                    -                    -                  -          610,000                    -      610,000  
Non-current assets held for sale               -                   -                    -                    -                  -                 564                    -              564  
 
Total financial assets              18,290,855        133,952     4,615,245     6,367,528  21,245,993       2,758,465        240,357 53,652,395  
  
* This is arrived after deducting impairment allowances from gross impaired loans, financing and advances.  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                 
   
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 301

---- Page 304 ----
302
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.2 Market risk (cont'd.)  
Profit/interest rate risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                       Non- 
                                                                       Within 1 year                                                                        profit/                       
 Group                                             Up to 1             >1-3            >3-12              >1-5        Over 5          interest        Trading                    
2022                                                 month        months        months            years          years        s ensitive             book           Total 
                                                       RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Financial Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                        
Deposits from customers          10,017,292     7,169,044     8,812,105     2,690,304        10,070          258,320                    - 28,957,135  
Deposits and placements   of banks and other    financial institutions                   3,743,120     1,901,516        779,994     1,064,278                  -            22,428                    -   7,511,336  
Investment accounts of    customers                                    849,359        936,100        280,461                    -                  -            14,847                    -    2,080,767  
Derivative financial    liabilities                                          15,118            8,352                    -                    -                  -                     -                    -        23,470  
Other financial liabilities                             -                   -                    -                    -                  -          518,125                    -      518,125  
Lease liabilities                                   1,902            3,708          14,791            6,933                  -                     -                    -        27,334  
Recourse obligation on    financing sold                                   5,434          55,852        191,280     4,088,219                  -            14,623                    -    4,355,408  
Sukuk                                                         -                   -        233,514        720,404   1,465,679            11,120                    -    2,430,717 
  
Total financial liabilities          14,632,225   10,074,572   10,312,145     8,570,138    1,475,749          839,463                    - 45,904,292  
                                                                                          
Total profit/interest 
  sensitivity gap                          3,658,630    (9,940,620)  (5,696,900)       (2,202,610)    19,770,244   1,919,002        240,357   7,748,103  
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                         
   
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 302

---- Page 305 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
303
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.2 Market risk (cont'd.)  
Interest rate risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                       Within 1 year                                                                          Non-                       
 Company                                       Up to 1             >1-3            >3-12              >1-5        Over 5          interest        Trading                    
2023                                                 month        months        months            years          years        s ensitive             book           Total 
                                                       RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Financial Assets
 
Cash and short-term funds                5,809                   -                    -                    -                  -              3,833                    -            9,642  
Deposits and placements    with banks and other    financial institutions                                 -          15,000                    -          50,000                  -                   78                    -        65,078  
Loans, financing and    advances *                                               -                   -                    -                    -                  -          272,225                    -      272,225  
Other financial assets                                -                   -                    -                    -                  -              1,266                    -          1,266  
 
Total financial assets                          5,809          15,000                    -          50,000                  -          277,402                    -      348,211  
                                                                     
Financial Liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                        
Other financial liabilities                             -                   -                    -                    -                  -              5,951                    -          5,951 
  
Total financial liabilities                           -                   -                    -                    -                  -              5,95 1                    -          5,951  
 
Total interest sensitivity gap           5,809          15,000                    -          50,000                  -          271,451                    -      342,260  
  
* This is arrived after deducting impairment allowances from gross impaired loans, financing and advances.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 303

---- Page 306 ----
304
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.2 Market risk (cont'd.)  
Interest rate risk (cont'd.)                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                       Within 1 year                                                                          Non-                       
 Company                                       Up to 1             >1-3            >3-12              >1-5        Over 5          interest        Trading                    
2022                                                 month        months        months            years          years        s ensitive             book           Total 
                                                       RM'000        RM'000         RM'000         RM'000       RM'000           RM'000         RM'000       RM'000 
 
Financial Assets
 
Cash and short-term funds              46,504                   -                    -                    -                  -            13,132                    -           59,636  
Deposits and placements    with banks and other    financial institutions                                 -                   -                    -        100,033                  -                     -                    -      100,033  
Loans, financing and   advances *                                           484                   -               180          46,806        39,257          281,724                    -      368,451  
Other financial assets                                -                    -                    -                    -                  -              1,410                    -          1,410 
  
Total financial assets                     46,988                   -               180        146,839        39,257          296,266                    -      529,530  
                                                                     
 Financial Liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                        
Other financial liabilities                             -                   -                    -                    -                  -            50,624                    -        50,624  
 
Total financial liabilities                           -                   -                    -                    -                  -            50,624                     -        50,624  
                                                                     
Total interest sensitivity gap         46,988                    -                180         146,839         39,257          245,642                    -       478,906 
 
 * This is arrived after deducting impairment allowances from gross impaired loans, financing and advances.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 304

---- Page 307 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
305
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
 
46.2 Market risk (cont'd.) 
 
Foreign Exchange Risk 
 
The Group is exposed to transactional foreign exchange exposures which are exposures on assets and liabilities 
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the transacting entity. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
The Group takes minimal exposure to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates on its 
financial position and cash flows. The Group and the Company manages its exposure to foreign exchange currencies at 
each entity level. 
 
Sensitivity Analysis                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
The table below shows sensitivity of the Group's profit and reserves to movement in foreign exchange rates. The Company's 
profit and reserves are not exposed to foreign exchange risk. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       Group 
 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
+ 1%                                                                                                                                                (12,948)                (4,588) 
-  1%                                                                                                                                                 12,948                    4,588 
 
 
Group                                                             MYR                    USD                     GBP                 Others                   Total 
2023                                                           RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Assets 
Cash and short-term funds                     5,204,616              346,800                   5,077                 50,821           5,607,314  
Deposits and placements with  
  banks and other 
  financial institutions                                 657,272                92,540                           -                           -              749,812  
Financial assets at FVTPL                          283,054                          -                           -                           -              283,054  
Financial investments at FVOCI            12,637,634                          -                           -                           -         12,637,634  
Financial assets at  
  amortised cost                                      4,608,470                          -                           -                           -           4,608,470  
Derivative financial assets                           40,080                          -                           -                           -                40,080  
Loans, financing and advances            38,557,717           1,372,577               561,233                           -         40,491,527  
Other financial assets                                222,657                          -                           -                           -              222,657  
Statutory deposits with  
  Bank Negara Malaysia                             822,661                          -                           -                           -              822,661 
  
Total assets                                         63,034,161           1,811,917               566,310                 50,821         65 ,463,209  
 
  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 305

---- Page 308 ----
306
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                              
46.2 Market risk (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                                              
Foreign Exchange Risk (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                              
Sensitivity Analysis (cont'd.) 
 
Group                                                             MYR                    USD                     GBP                 Others                   Total 
2023                                                           RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Liabilities                                                                
Deposits from customers                     38,698,489                91,875                      199                   9,504         38,800,067  
Deposits and placements of  
  banks and other  
  financial institutions                              8,794,117                16,199                           -                 13,250           8,823,566  
Islamic repurchase agreement                1,410,924                          -               594,275                           -           2,005,199  
Derivative financial liabilities                          5,158                          -                           -                           -                  5,158  
Other financial liabilities                             675,301                          -                           -                           -              675,301  
Lease liabilities                                             29,964                          -                           -                           -                29,964  
Recourse obligation on  
  financing sold                                        4,031,732                          -                           -                           -           4,031,732  
Sukuk                                                      2,197,432                          -                           -                           -           2,197,432  
Borrowings and 
  government grant                                    203,842                          -                           -                           -              203,842 
  
Total liabilities                                     56,046,959               108,074               594,474                 22,754         56,77 2,261  
                                                                        
Net on-balance sheet  
  financial position                                 6,987,202           1,703,843                (28,164)                 28,067           8,690,94 8 
 
 
Group                                                                                         MYR                     USD                 Others                   Total 
2022                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000                RM’00 
 
Assets                                                                                                                                                                                     
Cash and short-term funds                                                2,047,613               113,005                 45,332            2,205,950  
Deposits and placements with banks and  
  other financial institutions                                                    597,746                           -                           -              597,746  
Investments with fund manager                                            240,357                           -                           -              240,357  
Financial investments at FVOCI                                       11,392,780                           -                           -         11,392,780  
Financial assets at amortised cost                                     1,625,792                           -                           -           1,625,792  
Derivative financial assets                                                       15,017                           -                           -                15,017  
Loans, financing and advances                                        35,999,961               933,697                           -         36,933,658  
Other financial assets                                                             30,531                           -                           -                30,531  
Statutory deposits with Bank Negara Malaysia                    610,000                           -                           -               610,000  
Non-current assets held for sale                                                  564                           -                           -                     564  
 
Total assets                                                                     52,560,361            1,046,702                 45,332           53,652,395  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 306

---- Page 309 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
307
46. Financial risk management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                              
46.2 Market risk (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                                              
Foreign Exchange Risk (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                              
Sensitivity Analysis (cont'd.) 
 
Group                                                                                         MYR                     USD                 Others                   Total 
2022                                                                                       RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000  
 
Liabilities 
Deposits from customers                                                 28,468,813               468,761                 19,561           28,957,135  
Deposits and placementsof banks and                                                                                                                                    
  other financial institutions                                                 7,511,336                           -                           -           7,511,336  
Investment accounts of customers                                    2,080,767                           -                           -           2,080,767  
Derivative financial liabilities                                                    23,470                           -                           -                23,470  
Other financial liabilities                                                         518,125                           -                           -               518,125  
Lease liabilities                                                                        27,334                           -                           -                 27,334  
Recourse obligation on financing sold                               4,355,408                           -                           -            4,355,408  
Sukuk                                                                                  2,430,717                           -                           -           2,430,717 
  
Total liabilities                                                                 45,415,970               468,761                 19,561           45,904,292  
                                                                                                                                 
Net on-balance sheet financial position                         7,144,391               577,941                 25,771             7,748,103 
 
 
46.3 Liquidity risk                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                              
The Group and the Company's liquidity risk management policy is to maintain high quality and well-diversified portfolios 
of liquid assets and sources of funds under both normal business and stress conditions. Liquidity risk management of the 
Group and the Company is governed by established risk tolerance levels as defined in the Group’s and the Company's 
Market Risk Framework. The ALCO would be informed by management action triggers to alert management to potential 
and emerging liquidity pressures. The Group’s and the Company's early warning system and contingency funding plans 
are in place to alert and enable management to act effectively and efficiently during a liquidity crisis. 
 
The ALCO meets at least once a month to discuss the liquidity risk and funding profile and is chaired by the Chief Executive 
Officer. The ALM and Funding Unit, which is responsible for the independent monitoring of the Group’s and the Company's 
liquidity risk profile, works closely with the Treasury Division in the surveillance on market conditions and performs stress 
testing on liquidity positions. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 307

---- Page 310 ----
308
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                              
46.3 Liquidity risk (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                                             
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group and the Company's assets and liabilities at the reporting 
date based on contractual repayment obligations. 
 
(a) Maturity analysis 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Group                                               one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
 
2023                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial Assets 
Cash and short-term funds             5,017,565                          -                           -               589,749           5,607,314  
Deposits and placements  
  with banks and other  
  financial institutions                         749,812                          -                           -                           -              749,812  
Financial assets at FVTPL                             -              283,054                           -                           -              283,054  
Financial investments at  
  FVOCI                                           1,502,763           5,976,727            5,158,144                           -         12,637,634  
Financial investments at  
  amortised cost                                 729,608           2,547,383            1,331,479                           -           4,608,470  
Derivative financial assets                   32,805                  7,275                           -                           -                40,080  
Loans, financing and  
  advances*                                   25,901,629           1,582,375          13,007,523                           -         40,491,527  
Other financial assets                        222,657                          -                           -                           -              222,657  
Statutory deposits with  
  Bank Negara Malaysia                                 -                          -                           -               822,661              822,661  
Non-current assets  
  held for sale                                       57,047                          -                           -                           -                57,047 
  
Total financial assets                  34,213,886         10,396,814          19,497,146            1,412,410          65,520,256  
 
* This is arrived after deducting impairment allowances from gross impaired loans, financing and advances. 
                                                                 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 308

---- Page 311 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
309
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                              
46.3 Liquidity risk (cont'd.) 
 
(a) Maturity analysis (cont'd.) 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Group                                               one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
 
2023                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial liabilities 
Deposits from customers              36,124,997           2,666,380                   8,690                           -         38,800,067  
Deposits and placements of  
  banks and other  
  financial institutions                      8,020,855              802,711                           -                           -           8,823,566  
Islamic repurchase  
  agreement                                     2,005,199                          -                           -                           -           2,005,199  
Derivative financial liabilities                  5,158                          -                           -                           -                  5,158  
Other financial liabilities                     675,301                          -                           -                           -              675,301  
Lease liabilities                                     14,723                15,241                           -                           -                29,964  
Recourse obligation on  
  financing sold                                1,952,477           2,079,255                           -                           -           4,031,732  
Sukuk                                                 233,389              571,156            1,392,887                           -           2,197,432  
Borrowings and  
  government grant                              17,559                          -               186,283                           -              203,842 
  
Total financial liabilities              49,049,658           6,134,743            1,587,860                           -          56,772,261  
 
Net liquidity gap on  
  Statement of                                                  
  Financial Position                       (14,835,772)           4,262,071          17,909,286            1,412,410           8,747,995  
 
Commitments and  
  contingencies @                            (1,968,753)          (2,162,816)              (365,068)                           -           (4,496,637) 
 
Net liquidity gap                         (16,804,525)           2,099,255          17,544,218            1,412,410            4,251,358  
 
 
@ Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 309

---- Page 312 ----
310
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                              
46.3 Liquidity risk (cont'd.) 
 
(a) Maturity analysis (cont'd.) 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Group                                               one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
 
2022                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial Assets                                                                                                                                                             
Cash and short-term funds             1,838,470                          -                           -               367,480           2,205,950  
Deposits and placements  
  with banks and other  
  financial institutions                         597,746                          -                           -                           -              597,746  
Financial assets at FVTPL                             -              240,357                           -                           -              240,357  
Financial investments at  
  FVOCI                                              863,289           4,347,246            6,182,245                           -         11,392,780  
Financial investments at  
  amortised cost                                   18,700              683,002               924,090                           -           1,625,792  
Derivative financial assets                   15,017                          -                           -                           -                15,017  
Loans, financing and  
  advances*                                   21,456,720           1,337,280          14,139,658                           -         36,933,658  
Other financial assets                          30,531                          -                           -                           -                30,531  
Statutory deposits with  
  Bank Negara Malaysia                                 -                          -                           -               610,000              610,000  
Non-current assets  
  held for sale                                                 -                          -                           -                      564                     564  
 
Total financial assets                  24,820,473           6,607,885          21,245,993               978,044          53,652,395  
 
* This is arrived after deducting impairment allowances from gross impaired loans, financing and advances. 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 310

---- Page 313 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
311
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                                              
46.3 Liquidity risk (cont'd.) 
 
(a) Maturity analysis (cont'd.) 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Group                                               one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
 
2022                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                          
Deposits from customers              26,256,761           2,690,304                 10,070                           -         2 8,957,135  
Deposits and placements  
  of banks and other  
  financial institutions                      6,447,058           1,064,278                           -                           -           7,511,336  
Investment accounts of  
  customers                                     2,080,767                          -                           -                           -           2,080,767  
Derivative financial liabilities                23,470                          -                           -                           -                23,470  
Other financial liabilities                     518,125                          -                           -                           -              518,125  
Lease liabilities                                     20,401                  6,933                           -                           -                27,334  
Recourse obligation on  
  financing sold                                   267,189           4,088,219                           -                           -           4,355,408  
Sukuk                                                 244,634              720,404            1,465,679                           -           2,430,717  
 
Total financial liabilities              35,858,405           8,570,138            1,475,749                           -          45,904,292  
 
Net liquidity gap on  
  Statement of  
  Financial Position                       (11,037,932)          (1,962,253)          19,770,244               978,044           7,748,103  
 
Commitments and  
  contingencies @                               (894,762)          (1,911,502)              (350,961)                           -           (3,157,225) 
 
Net liquidity gap                         (11,932,694)          (3,873,755)          19,419,283               978,044            4,590,878  
 
 
@ Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 311

---- Page 314 ----
312
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                              
46.3 Liquidity risk (cont'd.) 
 
(a) Maturity analysis (cont'd.) 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Company                                         one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
 
2023                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial assets                                                                         
Cash and short-term  
  funds                                                    5,809                          -                           -                   3,833                  9,642  
Deposits and placements  
  with banks and other  
  financial institutions                           15,015                50,063                           -                           -                65,078  
Loans, financing and  
  advances*                                                    -                          -                           -               272,225              272,225  
Other financial assets                            1,266                          -                           -                           -                  1,266 
  
Total financial assets                         22,090                50,063                           -               276,058              348,211  
                                                                 
Financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                          
Other financial liabilities                         5,951                          -                           -                           -                   5,951  
 
Total financial liabilities                       5,951                          -                           -                           -                   5,951  
 
Net liquidity gap on  
  Statement of  
  Financial Position                               16,139                50,063                           -               276,058              342,260  
 
Commitments and  
  contingencies @                                            -                          -                           -                           -                           -  
 
Net liquidity gap                                 16,139                50,063                           -               276,058               3 42,260  
                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
* This is arrived after deducting impairment allowances from gross impaired loans, financing and advances. 
@ Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 312

---- Page 315 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
313
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                              
46.3 Liquidity risk (cont'd.) 
 
(a) Maturity analysis (cont'd.) 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Company                                         one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
 
2022                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial assets 
Cash and short-term funds                  46,504                          -                           -                 13,132                59,636  
Deposits and placements  
  with banks and other  
  financial institutions                                     -              100,033                           -                           -              100,033  
Loans, financing and  
  advances*                                        282,388                46,806                 39,257                           -              368,451  
Other financial assets                            1,410                          -                           -                           -                   1,410  
 
Total financial assets                       330,302              146,839                 39,257                 13,132               529,530  
                                                                                                                                                                                 
Financial liabilities                                          
Other financial liabilities                       50,624                          -                           -                           -                 50,624  
 
Total financial liabilities                     50,624                          -                           -                           -                 50,624  
 
Net liquidity gap on  
  Statement of  
  Financial Position                             279,678              146,839                 39,257                 13,132              478,906  
 
Commitments and  
  contingencies @                                            -                 (9,782)                          -                           -                  (9,782) 
 
Net liquidity gap                               279,678              137,057                 39,257                 13,132               469,124   
                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
* This is arrived after deducting impairment allowances from gross impaired loans, financing and advances. 
@ Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 313

---- Page 316 ----
314
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                              
46.3 Liquidity risk (cont'd.) 
 
The tables below show the contractual undiscounted cash flows payable for financial liabilities by remaining contractual 
maturities. The balances in the tables below will not agree to the balances reported in the statements of financial position 
as the tables incorporate all contractual cash flows, on an undiscounted basis, relating to both principal and interest 
payments. The contractual maturity profile does not necessarily reflect the behavioural cash flows. 
 
(b) Contractual maturity of financial liabilities on an undiscounted basis 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Group                                               one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
2023                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial liabilities 
Deposits from customers              36,710,678           3,241,168                 12,258                           -         3 9,964,104  
Deposits and placements 
  of banks and other  
  financial institutions                      8,085,754              871,457                           -                            -           8,957,211  
Islamic repurchase  
  agreement                                     2,028,806                          -                           -                           -           2,028,806  
Derivative financial  
  liabilities:                                                                                                                                                                         
  Gross settled derivatives                                                                                                                                                
  - Inflow                                            (784,790)                         -                           -                            -             (784,790) 
  - Outflow                                          789,630                          -                           -                            -              789,630  
Other financial liabilities                     675,301                          -                           -                           -              675,301  
Lease liabilities                                     15,247                16,043                           -                           -                31,290  
Recourse obligation on  
  financing sold                                2,067,722           2,127,359                           -                           -           4,195,081  
Sukuk                                                 332,607               916,832            1,537,426                           -           2,786,865  
Borrowings and  
  government grant                              28,984                56,922               116,353                           -              202,259  
                                                                 
                                              49,949,939           7,229,781            1,666,037                           -         58,845,757  
 
 
Commitments and  
  contingencies @                                                                                                                                  
Direct credit substitutes                       79,955                     634                           -                           -                80,589  
Trade-related contingencies                42,445                22,704                   3,990                           -                69,139  
Short term self-liquidating                                                                                                                                                
  trade-related contingencies               56,657                          -                           -                           -                56,657  
Irrevocable commitments               1,789,696           1,839,478               361,078                           -           3,990,252  
Interest/Profit rate  
 related contracts                                          -              300,000                           -                           -              300,000  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                1,968,753           2,162,816               365,068                           -            4,496,637  
                                                                                                                                                                      
 
@ Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts. 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 314

---- Page 317 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
315
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.)  
                                                                                                                                                                              
46.3 Liquidity risk (cont'd.) 
 
(b) Contractual maturity of financial liabilities on an undiscounted basis (cont'd.) 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Group                                               one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
 
2022                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial liabilities                                         
Deposits from customers              26,771,412           3,138,919                 14,597                           -         2 9,924,928  
Deposits and placements  
  of banks and other  
  financial institutions                      6,499,547           1,129,162                           -                           -           7,628,709  
Investment accounts of  
  customers                                     2,080,601                          -                           -                           -           2,080,601  
Derivative financial liabilities                23,470                          -                           -                           -                23,470  
Other financial liabilities                     518,125                          -                           -                           -              518,125  
Lease liabilities                                     20,828                  7,149                           -                           -                27,977  
Recourse obligation on  
  financing sold                                   394,089           4,267,030                           -                           -           4,661,119  
Sukuk                                                 356,028            1,108,459            1,688,441                           -           3,152,928 
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                              36,664,100           9,650,719            1,703,038                           -         48,017,857  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                 
Commitments and  
  contingencies @                                                                                                                                                             
Direct credit substitutes                       17,965                  1,394                           -                           -                19,359  
Trade-related contingencies                54,127                24,224                   3,364                           -                81,715  
Short term self-liquidating 
  trade-related contingencies               29,069                          -                           -                           -                29,069  
Irrevocable commitments                  793,601           1,885,884               347,597                           -           3,027,082  
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                   894,762           1,911,502               350,961                           -           3,157,225  
 
 
@ Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 315

---- Page 318 ----
316
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.) 
                                                                                                                                                                              
46.3 Liquidity risk (cont'd.) 
 
(b) Contractual maturity of financial liabilities on an undiscounted basis (cont'd.) 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Company                                         one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
 
2023                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial liabilities 
Other financial liabilities                         5,951                          -                           -                           -                  5,951 
  
                                                       5,951                          -                           -                           -                  5,951 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Commitments and  
  contingencies @                                                                                                                                  
Irrevocable commitments                              -                          -                           -                            -                          - 
 
                                                              -                          -                           -                            -                          - 
 
 
                                            On demand                                                                                 No 
                                                 or within                One to              Over five                specific 
Company                                         one year           five years                   years              maturity                   Total 
 
2022                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financial liabilities                                         
Other financial liabilities                       50,624                          -                           -                           -                50,624  
 
                                                     50,624                          -                           -                           -                50,624  
                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Commitments and  
  contingencies @                                                                                                                                                             
Irrevocable commitments                              -                   9,782                           -                           -                  9,782 
 
                                                              -                  9,782                           -                           -                  9,782  
 
 
@ Commitments and contingencies exclude foreign exchange related contracts. 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 316

---- Page 319 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
317
46. Financial Risk Management (cont'd.)  
 
46.4 Operational risk                                                                                                                                                   
 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems and 
external events, which includes legal risk and Shariah compliance risk but excludes strategic and reputational risk. The 
Group recognises and emphasises the importance of operational risk management and manages this risk through a control-
based environment where processes are documented, authorisation is independent, transactions are reconciled and 
monitored and business activities are carried out within the established guidelines, procedures and limits. The Group’s 
governance approach in managing operational risk is premised on the Three Lines of Defense Approach as discussed 
under Note 46(c). 
 
 
47. Capital management  
 
The primary objective of the Group and the Company's capital management is to ensure that a strong credit rating and healthy 
capital ratios are maintained in order to support their business and maximise shareholder value. 
 
The Group and the Company manage their capital structure and make adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic 
conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group and the Company may adjust the dividend payment to 
shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes 
during the year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
The Group monitors their capital using both leverage ratio (which is computed using Common Equity Tier 1 capital divided by 
total assets including off-balance sheet commitments) and risk-weighted capital adequacy ratio ("RWCR") (which is computed 
using capital base divided by total risk-weighted assets) as prescribed by Bank Negara Malaysia for licensed financial institutions 
in Malaysia. The Group's capital adequacy ratios have been disclosed in Note 40. 
 
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 317

---- Page 320 ----
318
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
48. Fair values  
 
The carrying amount of cash and short-term funds, deposits and placements with financial institutions, financial assets at FVTP L, non-current assets held for sale, other 
receivables (excluding  prepayments and deposits) and other payables reasonably approximate their fair values due to the relati vely short term nature of these financial 
instruments.  The tables below analyse other financial instruments at fair value.
 
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Total       Carrying 
 Group                                                           Level 1           Level 2          Level 3               Total            Level 1           Level 2           Level 3               Total       fair value        amount  
2023                                                             RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000        RM'000 
 
Financial Assets 
Financial assets at FVTPL                                       -          283,054                     -          283,054                     -                     -                     -                      -          283,054        283,054  
Financial investments at FVOCI                              -     12,636,227              1,407     12,637,634                     -                     -                     -                      -     12,637,634   12,637,634  
Financial investments at                                                                   
     amortised cost                                                     -                      -                     -                      -                     -       4,650,051                     -       4,650,051       4,650,051     4,608,470  
Derivative financial assets                                       -            40,080                     -            40,080                     -                     -                     -                      -            40,080          40,080  
Loans, financing and advances                              -                      -                     -                      -                     -                     -     38,648,120     38,648,120     38,648,120   40,491,527  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                -     12,959,361              1,407     12,960, 768                     -       4,650,051     38,648,120     43,298,171     56,258,939   58,060,765  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Financial liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Deposits from customers                                        -                      -                     -                      -                     -     38,955,769                     -     38,955,769     38,955,769   38,800,067  
Deposits and placements                                            of banks and other    financial institutions                                               -                      -                     -                      -                     -       8,850,150                     -       8,850,150       8,850,150     8,823,566  
Islamic repurchase agreement                                -                      -                     -                      -                     -                     -       2,004,961       2,004,961       2,004,961     2,005,199  
Derivative financial liabilities                                    -              5,158                     -              5,15 8                     -                     -                     -                      -              5,158            5,158  
Recourse obligation on    financing sold                                                        -                      -                     -                      -                     -                     -       4,046,713       4,046,713       4,046,713     4,031,732  
Sukuk                                                                      -                      -                     -                      -                     -       2,236,714                      -       2,236,714       2,236,714     2,197,432  
Borrowings and government grant                         -                      -                     -                      -                     -          138,926                     -          138,926          138,926        203,842  
 
                                                                                -               5,158                     -              5,158                     -     50,181,559       6,051,674     56,233,233     56,238,391   56,066,996  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Company                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Loans, financing and advances                              -                      -                     -                      -                     -                     -          272,225          272,225          272,225        272,225 
  
                                                                                -                      -                     -                      -                     -                     -          272,225          272,225          272,225        27 2,225  
  
                                                                                                          
 Fair value of financial instruments not carried at   
 fair value  
 Fair value of financial instruments carried at   
 fair value  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 318

---- Page 321 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
319
48. Fair Values (cont’d.)  
 
The tables below analyse other financial instruments at fair value (cont'd.). 
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Total       Carrying 
 Group                                                           Level 1           Level 2          Level 3               Total            Level 1           Level 2           Level 3               Total       fair value        amount  
2022                                                             RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000          RM'000        RM'000 
 
Financial Assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Investments with fund manager                              -          240,357                     -          240,357                     -                     -                     -                      -          240,357        240,357  
Financial investments at FVOCI                              -     11,392,780                     -     11,392,780                     -                     -                     -                      -      11,392,780  11,392,780  
Financial investments at                                                                   
     amortised cost                                                      -                      -                     -                      -                     -       1,639,006                     -       1,639,006       1,639,006     1,625,792  
Derivative financial assets                                       -            15,017                     -            15,017                     -                     -                     -                      -            15,017          15,017  
Loans, financing and advances                              -                      -                     -                      -                     -                     -     37,123,286     37,123,286     37,123,286   36,933,658  
 
                                                                                -     11,648,154                     -     11,6 48,154                     -       1,639,006     37,123,286     38,762,292     50,410,446   50,207,604  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
Financial liabilities 
Deposits from customers                                        -                      -                     -                      -                     -     29,076,274                     -     29,076,274     29,076,274   28,957,135  
Deposits and placements    of banks and other   financial institutions                                               -                      -                     -                      -                     -       7,525,299                     -       7,525,299       7,525,299     7,511,336  
Investment accounts   of customers                                                         -                      -                     -                      -                     -       2,080,767                     -       2,080,767       2,080,767     2,080,767  
Derivative financial liabilities                                    -             23,470                     -            23,470                     -                     -                     -                      -            23,470          23,470  
Recourse obligation on      financing sold                                                        -                      -                     -                      -                     -                     -       4,291,570       4,291,570       4,291,570     4,355,408  
Sukuk                                                                      -                      -                     -                      -                     -       2,461,927                      -        2,461,927       2,461,927     2,430,717  
 
                                                                                -             23,470                     -            23,470                     -     41,144,267       4,291,570     45,435,837     45,459,307   45,358,833  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                
Company Financial assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Loans, financing and advances                              -                      -                     -                      -                     -                     -          368,429          368,429          368,429        368,451  
                                                                                  
                                                                                -                      -                     -                      -                     -                     -          368,429          368,429          368,429        36 8,451  
    
 Fair value of financial instruments not carried at   
 fair value  
 Fair value of financial instruments carried at   
 fair value  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 319

---- Page 322 ----
320
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
48. Fair values (cont'd.)  
 
The fair values of the financial instruments not measured at fair value are based on the following methodologies and assumptions: 
 
(i) Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                                                                   
 
The fair value is based on the net asset value of the investments placed with fund manager. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Financial investments at amortised cost                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                              
The estimated fair value is generally based on the quoted and observable market prices. Where there is no ready market 
in certain securities, the Group establishes fair value by using valuation techniques. These include the use of recent arm's 
length transactions, discounted cash flow analysis and other valuation techniques commonly used by market participants. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
(iii) Loans, financing and advances                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                             
The fair value of fixed rate financing with remaining maturities of less than one year and variable rate financing are estimated 
to approximate the carrying amount. For fixed rate financing with maturities of more than one year, the fair values are 
estimated based on expected future cash flows of contractual instalment payments, discounted at prevailing rates offered 
for similar financing to new customers with similar credit profiles as at the reporting date. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
The fair value of impaired fixed and variable rate financing is represented by their carrying amount, which are net of 
impairment allowances. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
(iv) Deposits from customers, deposits and placements of banks and other financial institutions and wakalah 
investment accounts 
                                                                                                                                                                              
Deposits, placements and obligations which mature or reprice after one year are grouped by residual maturity. Fair value 
is estimated using discounted cash flows, applying either market rates, where applicable, or current rates offered for 
deposits of similar remaining maturities. The fair values of deposits repayable on demand and deposits and placements 
with remaining maturities of less than one year are approximated by their carrying values due to the relatively short maturity 
of these instruments. 
 
(v) Recourse obligation on financing sold                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
The fair values for recourse obligation on financing sold to Cagamas Berhad are determined based on discounted cash 
flows of future instalment payments at prevailing rates quoted by Cagamas Berhad as at reporting date. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
(vi) Sukuk-MBSB SC Murabahah and Sukuk Wakalah                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                              
The fair value of Sukuk-MBSB SC Murabahah and Sukuk Wakalah are based on market prices. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
(vii) Islamic repurchase agreement                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                             
The estimated fair values of repurchase agreements with maturities of less than six months approximate the carrying values. 
For Islamic repurchase agreements with maturities of six months or more, the fair values are estimated based on discounted 
cash flows using prevailing money market interest rates with similar remaining period to maturity. 
 
(viii) Borrowings                                                                                                                                                           
 
The fair values of borrowing are derived using discounted cash flow method.                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                              
 
                                                                                                                                                                              
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 320

---- Page 323 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
321
49. Operating segments  
 
Segment information is presented in respect of the Group's business segments and the Group’s reportable segments, as 
described below, can be classified into five segments where each segment offers different products and services, and managed 
separately with different technology and marketing strategies. The Group has determined the Management Committee 
(“MANCO”) as its chief operating decision maker. During the year, the allocation of fund based expenses has been refined to 
reflect the accurate allocation of funding costs across segments. As a result, the comparatives’ net fund based income, segment 
assets, unallocated assets and segment liabilities have been restated in order to conform with current year presentation. 
 
(i) Consumer Banking           Includes consumer financing such as property financing, personal financing and wealth 
                                         management services with individual customers in Malaysia. 
                                          
(ii) Corporate Banking            Includes corporate financing, wholesale financing, contract financing and commercial property 
                                         financing with business customers. 
                                          
(iii) Global Market                   Includes saving accounts, current accounts, term deposits, investment accounts, treasury 
                                         activities including money market, sukuk, derivatives and trading of capital market securities.  
                                          
(iv) Investment                        Refers to the operations of investment banking, asset management and all other related financial 
                                         services of MIDF Group. 
                                          
(iv) Others                               Includes rental, property development, intercompany financing and operations at subsid iaries. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
The Group operates predominantly in Malaysia and hence information by geographical location is not presented. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 321

---- Page 324 ----
322
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
49. Operating segments (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Business segments  
 
                                                             Consumer                         Corporate                             Global                                                                                                                Inter-segment 
                                                                 Banking                            Banking                             Markets                          Investment                            Others                          elimination                           Total 
                                                         2023             2022             2023             2022             2023             2022             2023             2022             2023            2022              2023            2022               2023           2022 
                                                    RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000       RM'000         RM'000       RM'000          RM'000      RM'000 
  Revenue and  
  expenses 
External:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 
Fund based income                 1,543,814     1,709,646        677,745        489,951        495,846        466,653          78,028                    -          18,699         16,508                    -                   -       2,814,132   2,682,758  
Non-fund    based income                             23,848          13,127          10,652          30,114         (49,061)         (26,958)         21,746                    -         440,828        158,292        (440,865)     (162,839)             7,148        11,736  
 Inter-segment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 
Fund based income                               -        121,350                    -                    -            4,264          13,346                    -                    -                    -                   -           (4,264)     (134,696)                     -                  -  
 
Total revenue                           1,567,662     1,844,123        688,397        520,065        451,049        453,041          99,774                    -        459,527       174,800       (445,129)     (297,535)      2,821,280   2,694,494  
 
 Net fund based income              974,821     1,054,898        473,014        262,238       (495,878)       141,443          27,032                    -           41,636         (29,020)         (22,553)        37,445          998,072   1,467,004  
Non-fund based income              27,072          14,557          41,342          52,000         (70,335)         (26,749)         20,986                    -        481,695       209,791       (107,329)     (196,339)         393,431        53,260  
 Net income                              1,001,893     1,069,455        514,356        314,238       (566,213)       114,694          48,018                    -         523,331        180,771        (129,882)     (158,894)      1,391,503   1,520,264  
Net allowance    for impairment                            (69,648)         26,766         (20,730)      (151,922)               329               108           (1,431)                   -         (28,605)         21,179                    -        (14,627)        (120,085)    (118,496) 
Loss on modification 
  of cash flows                                         -         (59,973)                   -                    -                    -                    -                    -                    -                    -                   -                    -                   -                      -       (59,973) 
 
Profit before overheads,                             zakat and tax                            932,245     1,036,248        493,626        162,316       (565,884)       114,802          46,587                    -         494,726        201,950        (129,882)     (173,521)      1,271,418   1,341,795  
Operating expenses                  (375,238)      (363,228)      (160,267)      (163,310)      (132,836)       (115,060)        (42,986)                   -              (368)        (21,861)                    -         13,000         (711,695)    (650,459) 
 Overheads of which:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
- Depreciation of      property and     equipment                                (24,753)         (21,411)           (8,697)         (13,659)           (5,965)           (4,409)                   -                    -              (316)          (3,677)                    -                   -           (39,731)      (43,156) 
- Depreciation of     right-of-use asset                    (16,275)         (11,067)           (5,718)           (7,060)           (3,922)           (2,279)                   -                    -              (209)          (1,902)                    -                   -           (26,124)      (22,308) 
- Amortisation of    intangible assets                        (25,961)         (20,575)           (9,121)         (13,126)           (6,256)           (4,237)                   -                    -              (331)          (3,534)                    -                   -           (41,669)      (41,472) 
 Profit before    tax and zakat                            557,007        673,020        333,359               (994)      (698,720)              (258)           3,601                    -         494,358        180,089        (129,882)     (160,521)         559,723      691,336  
Taxation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (59,522)    (227,971) 
Zakat                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (8,392)        (3,177) 
 
Net profit for the year                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      491,809      460,188  
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 322

---- Page 325 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
323
49. Operating segments (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Business segments (cont'd.)  
 
                                                             Consumer                         Corporate                             Global                                                                                                                Inter-segment 
                                                                 Banking                            Banking                             Markets                          Investment                            Others                          elimination                           Total 
                                                         2023             2022             2023             2022             2023             2022             2023             2022             2023            2022              2023           2022               2023             2022 
                                                    RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000        RM'000       RM'000         RM'000      RM'000          RM'000        RM'000 
   Assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                              
Segment assets                     28,817,761   27,094,578   10,456,346   10,372,080   17,562,485   14,879,835     6,900,420                    -        680,879       664,807                    -                 -    64,417,891   53,011,300  
Tax recoverable                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              259,283        394,716  
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         95,220        107,237
Unallocated assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1,890,892     1,435,052  
 
Total assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               66,663,286   54,948,305  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Liabilities 
 
Segment liabilities                 25,175,669   23,556,098     9,750,482     9,274,862   15,033,724   12,263,993     6,048,058                    -          59,063       263,880                    -                 -    56,066,996   45,358,833  
Provision for taxation   and zakat                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        35,945          69,903  
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      11,571          13,603  
Unallocated liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     710,508        546,773  
 
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            56,825,020   45,989,112  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Other Information 
 
Capital expenditure                                -                    -                    -                    -                    -                    -                    -                    -          83,065         52,783                    -                 -           83,065          52,783  
 
(b) Geographical Segments               
The Group's activities are in Malaysia, therefore segmental reporting is not analysed by geographical locations.                                                                                                                                                       
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 323

---- Page 326 ----
324
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking  
 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                       Note                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Assets                                                                                                                                                                                             
Cash and short-term funds                                                                                               (a)               5,148,136           2,192,818  
Deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions                              (a)                  749,812              597,746  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                          (b)                  250,725              240,357  
Financial investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                      (c)             12,460,030         11,392,780  
Financial investments at amortised cost                                                                          (d)               4,412,893           1,625,792  
Derivative financial assets                                                                                                                         32,805                15,017  
Financing and advances                                                                                                   (e)             39,145,649         36,565,207  
Other receivables                                                                                                              (f)                   735,986              514,926  
Tax recoverable                                                                                                                                         90,297                     209  
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                   88,470              107,238  
Statutory deposits with Bank Negara Malaysia                                                                                      720,000              610,000  
Property and equipment                                                                                                                           96,635                87,491  
Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                                   63,711                28,778  
Investment properties                                                                                                                                    820                     820  
Intangible assets                                                                                                                                       88,167                96,157  
Non-current asset held for sale                                                                                                                          -                     564 
  
Total assets                                                                                                                                      64,084,136         54,075,900  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Liabilities and shareholders' equity 
Deposits from customers                                                                                                  (g)             37,535,320         29,112,699  
Deposits and placements of banks and other financial institutions                                 (h)               8,349,096           7,511,336  
Investment accounts of customers                                                                                   (i)                               -           2,080,767  
Islamic repurchase agreement                                                                                                             2,005,199                         -  
Derivative financial liabilities                                                                                                                       5,158                23,470  
Other payables                                                                                                                  (j)                   823,299              508,679  
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                          64,560                29,370  
Recourse obligation on financing sold                                                                                                 4,031,732           4,355,408  
Provision for taxation and zakat                                                                                                                35,935              106,902  
Sukuk                                                                                                                                                   2,197,432           2,430,717  
Borrowings and government grant                                                                                                           94,573                          -  
 
Total liabilities                                                                                                                                  55,142,304         46,159,348  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 
Ordinary share capital                                                                                                                          7,129,572           6,427,972  
Regulatory reserve                                                                                                                                    90,557                          -  
Fair value reserves                                                                                                                                 (128,207)            (341,367) 
Retained earnings                                                                                                                                1,849,910           1,829,947  
 
Total equity                                                                                                                                         8,941,832           7,916,552  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                                                                       64,084,136         54,075,900 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                     
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 324

---- Page 327 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
325
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Income derived from investment of depositors' funds                                                                        2,325,463           2,097,597  
Income derived from investment of shareholders' funds                                                                        444,014              515,906  
Income derived from investment of investment accounts' funds                                                             47,999              113,587  
Expected credit losses on financing and advances and other impairment                                             (84,347)            (205,842) 
Net loss on modification of cash flows                                                                                                               -               (59,973) 
 
Total distributable income                                                                                                                    2,733,129           2,461,275  
Income attributable to depositors and others                                                                                     (1,804,236)         (1,229,244) 
 
Total net income                                                                                                                                      928,893           1,232,031  
Personnel expenses                                                                                                                               (376,815)            (308,642) 
Other overhead expenses                                                                                                                     (290,240)            (280,085) 
 
Profit before taxation and zakat                                                                                                              261,838              643,304  
Taxation                                                                                                                                                    (25,418)            (166,078) 
Zakat                                                                                                                                                          (8,392)                (3,177) 
 
Profit for the year                                                                                                                                    228,028              474,049  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                              
Other comprehensive income/(expense) to be reclassified to  
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:                                                                                                              
  - Net profit/(loss) from change in fair values                                                                                         247,114             (224,323) 
  - Realised loss transferred to statements of income on disposal                                                           50,184               (13,066) 
  - Transfer from deferred tax                                                                                                                   (71,528)               56,972  
 
Net other comprehensive income/(expense) to be reclassified to  
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:                                                                                                225,770             (180,417) 
                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the financial year                                                                453,798              293,632  
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 325

---- Page 328 ----
326
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Cash and short-term funds and deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
(i) Cash and balances with banks and other financial instituitions                                             560,142              354,349  
Money at call and deposit placements maturing within 1 month                                        4,587,994           1,838,469  
                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                             5,148,136           2,192,818  
 
(ii) Deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                                             
  with original maturity of more than 1 month                                                                         749,812              597,746  
                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                  5,897,948           2,790,564  
 
 
(b) Financial assets at FVTPL 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Money Market Instruments 
In Malaysia 
Private mandate investments                                                                                                          240,357              240,357  
Malaysian Government Investment Issues                                                                                       10,368                         -    
                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                250,725              240,357  
 
 
(c) Financial investments at FVOCI 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Money Market Instruments                                                                                                                        
Malaysian Government Investment Issues                                                                                  8,225,267           8,479,600 
  
                                                                                                                                             8,225,267           8,479,600  
 
Debt securities 
In Malaysia                                                                                                                                                                               
Private and Islamic debt securities                                                                                              2,597,651           1,021,894  
Government Guaranteed debt securities                                                                                     1,637,112           1,891,286 
  
                                                                                                                                           12,460,030         11,392,780  
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                         
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 326

---- Page 329 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
327
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.) 
 
(c) Financial investments at FVOCI (cont'd.)  
 
Movement of allowance for credit losses recognised in FVOCI reserve: 
 
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
At 1 January 2023                                                                          10                           -                           -                       10  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                                      328                           -                   8,112                  8,440  
Total charged to profit or loss:                                                      174                           -                           -                     174  
New financial investments purchased  
  during the year                                                                            176                           -                           -                     176  
Matured financial investments during the year                              (14)                          -                           -                     (14) 
Change in credit risk                                                                       12                           -                           -                      12  
 
At 31 December 2023                                                                   512                           -                   8,112                 8,624 
  
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
At 1 January 2022                                                                          14                           -                           -                       14  
Total reversal to profit or loss:                                                         (4)                          -                           -                       (4) 
 
Matured financial investments during the year                                (4)                          -                           -                       (4) 
 
At 31 December 2022                                                                     10                           -                           -                      10  
  
 
(d) Financial investments at amortised cost  
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
At amortised cost 
Money Market Instruments                                                                                                                                                   
Malaysian Government Investment Issues                                                                                  1,241,716              378,302 
  
                                                                                                                                             1,241,716              378,302  
                                                                                                                                                                                         
In Malaysia                                                                                                                                                                               
Private and Islamic debt securities                                                                                              3,097,186           1,183,318  
Government Guaranteed corporate sukuk                                                                                       75,684                65,279  
                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                 4,414,586           1,626,899  
Less: ECL                                                                                                                                                                                 
- Stage 1                                                                                                                                             (1,546)                   (868) 
- Stage 2                                                                                                                                                (147)                   (239) 
                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                             4,412,893           1,625,792  
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 327

---- Page 330 ----
328
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(d) Financial investments at amortised cost (cont'd.)  
 
ECL movement for financial investments at amortised cost: 
 
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
At 1 January 2023                                                                        868                      239                           -                 1,107  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                                      871                           -                           -                     871  
Total reversal to profit or loss:                                                     (193)                       (92)                           -                   (285) 
 
Changes in credit risk                                                                  (248)                       (92)                           -                    (340) 
Matured financial investments  
  during the year                                                                             (31)                          -                           -                     (31) 
New financial investments  
  purchased during the year                                                            86                           -                           -                       86 
  
At 31 December 2023                                                                1,546                      147                           -                   1,693  
                                                                                                                                                                      
 
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
                                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
At 1 January 2022                                                                        841                      371                           -                  1,212  
Total charged/(reversal) to profit or loss:                                        27                     (132)                           -                   (105) 
 
Changes in credit risk                                                                      (1)                     (132)                           -                    (133) 
Matured financial investments during the year                                (2)                          -                           -                       (2) 
New financial investments  
  purchased during the year                                                            30                           -                           -                        30  
 
At 31 December 2022                                                                   868                      239                           -                   1,107  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 328

---- Page 331 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
329
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(e) Financing and advances  
 
(i) By type and Shariah contract  
 
                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                  Lease-based 
                                                                     Sale-based contract                             contract                    Total 
                                                                                     Bai'                                           Al-Ijarah           financing 
                                                                           Bithaman         Commodity              Thumma                     and 
                                                Tawarruq                      Ajil         Murabahah                   Al-Bai           advances 
                                                   RM’000               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
2023                                                                                             
At amortised cost 
 
Term financing                               33,094,530           2,375,371                711,186            1,213,851         37,394,938  
  
- Personal financing                      19,467,390                       92                           -                           -         19,467,482  
- Property financing                        7,396,217           2,240,420                           -                           -           9,636,637  
- Islamic industrial  
    hire purchase                                             -                          -                           -               763,196                763,196  
- Bridging financing                           472,581                          -                           -                           -                472,581  
- Auto financing                                             -                          -                           -                 22,667                  22,667  
- Syndicated term financing            1,515,761                          -               711,186                           -             2,226,947  
- Other term financing                     4,242,581              134,859                           -               427,988              4,805,428 
  
Revolving credit                                 113,356                          -                           -                           -                113,356  
Trade finance                                  2,637,621                          -                           -                           -             2,637,621  
Cashline                                             193,585                          -                           -                           -                193,585  
Staff financing                                      26,481                          -                        30                   1,760                   28,271  
 
Gross financing and  
  advances                                    36,065,573            2,375,371                711,216             1,215,611         40,367,771  
 
Less: ECL 
- Stage 1                                                                                                                                                            (344,295) 
- Stage 2                                                                                                                                                              (80,058) 
- Stage 3                                                                                                                                                            (797,769) 
 
Net financing and advances                                                                                                                         39,145,649  
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 329

---- Page 332 ----
330
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(e) Financing and advances (cont'd.)  
 
(i) By type and Shariah contract  
 
                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                  Lease-based 
                                                                                 Sale-based contract                  contract                    Total 
                                                                                                                 Bai'              Al-Ijarah           financing 
                                                                                                        Bithaman              Thumma                     and 
                                                                           Tawarruq                       Ajil                   Al-Bai           advances 
                                                                              RM’000                RM’000                RM’000              RM’000 
 
2022                                                                                                                         
At amortised cost 
 
Term financing                                                          31,126,428            1,851,629            1,329,322         34,307,379 
  
- Personal financing                                                  19,154,137                      102                           -         19,154,239  
- Property financing                                                    6,628,198            1,765,272                           -           8,393,470  
- Islamic industrial hire purchase                                              -                           -               718 ,549              718,549  
- Bridging financing                                                       450,897                           -                           -              450,897  
- Auto financing                                                                         -                           -                 45,128                45,128  
- Other term financing                                                3,625,166                 86,255               565,645           4,277,066  
- Syndicated term financing                                       1,268,030                           -                           -           1,268,030 
  
Revolving credit                                                          1,614,785                           -                           -           1,614,785  
Trade finance                                                              1,827,761                           -                           -           1,827,761  
Cashline                                                                         141,846                           -                           -              141,846  
Staff financing                                                                  36,868                          9                   1,977                38,854 
  
Gross financing and advances                                 34,747,688            1,851,638            1,331,299         37,930,625  
Less: ECL                                                                                                                                                                         
- Stage 1                                                                                                                                 (292,757) 
- Stage 2                                                                                                                                                            (334,400) 
- Stage 3                                                                                                                                                            (738,261) 
 
Net financing and advances                                                                                                                         36,565,207  
 
 
(ii) By residual contractual maturity 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Maturing within one year                                                                                                      4,508,722           4,310,073  
One year to three years                                                                                                        1,973,807           1,721,488  
Three years to five years                                                                                                      2,589,579           2,144,712  
Over five years                                                                                                                   31,295,663         29,754,352  
                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                           40,367,771         37,930,625  
 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 330

---- Page 333 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
331
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.) 
 
(e) Financing and advances (cont'd.) 
 
(iii) By type of customers 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Individuals: 
- Malaysian nationals                                                                                                         29,098,648         27,559,728  
Foreign nationals                                                                                                                     774,843              127,679  
Domestic business enterprises: 
- Small medium enterprises                                                                                                 3,848,169           2,658,304  
- Non-bank financial institutions                                                                                             756,747           1,422,819  
- Others                                                                                                                                5,889,364           6,162,095  
 
                                                                                                                                                40,367,771         37,930,625  
 
 
(iv) By sector 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Household sectors                                                                                                             29,101,187         27,560,564  
Construction                                                                                                                         3,332,122           3,194,534  
Finance, insurance, real estate and business services                                                        2,794,199           3,394,664  
Wholesale & retail trade and restaurants & hotels                                                               1,570,564           1,084,469  
Manufacturing                                                                                                                      1,654,025           1,088,782  
Education, health and others                                                                                                  895,315              245,260  
Transport, storage and communications                                                                                504,055              338,405  
Mining and quarrying                                                                                                                97,801                65,077  
Electricity, gas and water                                                                                                        215,901              911,234  
Agriculture                                                                                                                               202,602                47,636  
 
                                                                                                                                           40,367,771         37,930,625  
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 331

---- Page 334 ----
332
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(e) Financing and advances (cont'd.) 
 
(v) By profit rate sensitivity 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Fixed rate: 
  Personal financing                                                                                                            13,109,215         14,704,765  
  Bridging, structured and term financing                                                                               847,520              771,882  
  Property financing                                                                                                                 349,683              378,941  
  Auto financing                                                                                                                         24,427                47,105  
                                                                                                                                                                                         
Variable rate: 
   Personal financing                                                                                                              6,358,297           4,457,223  
  Bridging, structured and term financing                                                                          10,361,259           9,527,053  
  Property financing                                                                                                              9,317,370           8,043,656  
                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                           40,367,771         37,930,625  
                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
(vii) Movement of gross financing and advances 
 
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                        33,370,254            2,490,767             2,069,604        37,930,625  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                       609,081                 74,710               144,940             828,731  
Transfer to Stage 1                                                     1,108,615           (1,031,835)                (76,780)                        -  
Transfer to Stage 2                                                       (541,739)               621,480                 (79,241)                   500  
Transfer to Stage 3                                                       (168,120)              (382,004)               550,124                        -  
New financing/disbursement  
  during the year                                                        10,183,016               535,541               324,027        11,042,584  
Repayment during the year                                       (8,418,841)              (517,377)              (331,701)        (9,267,919) 
Other movements                                                            95,343                (45,828)               153,814             203,329  
Derecognition of credit  
  impaired financial asset                                                           -                           -                 (44,200)             (44,200) 
Refinancing from MBSB                                                         42                           -                      251                    293  
Reclassification from  
  non-current assets held for sale                                             -                           -                   1,403                 1,403  
Write-offs                                                                             (790)                     (903)              (325,882)           (327,575) 
 
As at 31 December                                                   36,236,861            1,744,551            2,386,359        40,367,771  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                    
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 332

---- Page 335 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
333
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(e) Financing and advance (cont'd.)  
 
(vii) Movement of gross financing and advances (cont'd.) 
 
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                        29,129,287            5,222,077               963,529        35,314,893  
Transfer to Stage 1                                                     2,174,885           (2,156,785)                (18,100)                        -  
Transfer to Stage 2                                                       (860,946)               896,437                 (35,491)                        -  
Transfer to Stage 3                                                       (216,567)              (854,022)            1,070,589                        -  
New financing/disbursement during the year             8,024,790               498,002               112,761          8,635,553  
Repayment during the year                                       (4,887,952)           (1,047,942)              (124,602)        (6,060,496) 
Other movements                                                            65,999              (108,349)               180,195             137,845  
Loss on modification of cash flows                                (57,135)                  (2,839)                           -              (59,974) 
Refinancing from MBSB                                                       376                 47,810               130,239             178,425  
Reclassification from non-current asset  
  held for sale                                                                             -                           -                 12,214               12,214  
Write-offs                                                                          (2,483)                  (3,622)              (221,730)           (227,835) 
 
As at 31 December                                                   33,370,254            2,490,767            2,069,604        37,930,625  
                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                         
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 333

---- Page 336 ----
334
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(e) Financing and advance (cont'd.) 
 
(viii) Movement of ECL for financing and advances 
 
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                              292,757               334,400               738,261           1,365,418  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                           4,137                   2,284                 81, 424               87,845  
Total charged/(reversal) to profit or loss                          47,401              (256,626)               300,990               91,765  
Changes in the ECL due to  
  transfer within stages: 
  -  Transfer to Stage 1                                                   145,681                (91,775)                (53,906)                        -  
  -  Transfer to Stage 2                                                      (4,752)                 34,332                 (29,580)                        -  
  -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                      (2,418)                (80,799)                 82,377                   (840) 
New financing/disbursement during the year                107,226                 10,519                 10,463             128, 208  
Repayment during the year                                          (206,340)              (102,467)                (48,373)           (357,180) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                17,757                (26,311)               359,086             350,532  
Changes to model assumptions  
  and methodologies ^                                                      (9,754)                     (125)                        25                (9,854) 
Derecognition of credit impaired  
  financial asset                                                                         -                           -                 (19,245)             (19,245) 
Refinancing from MBSB                                                           1                           -                      143                    144  
Reclassification from non-current assets  
  held for sale                                                                             -                           -                    1,417                 1,417  
Write-offs                                                                                   -                           -               (324,093)           (324,093) 
Others                                                                                       -                                  -              (230)                  (230) 
 
As at 31 December                                                        344,295                 80,058               797,769          1,222,122 
 
 
# The changes in credit risk parameters include impact of forward-looking on key MEV and changes to loss rate 
for the ECL model. 
^ The changes to model assumptions and methodologies were in relation to incorporation of MEV factors with 
more intuitive trends, revision to PD and LGD modelling and revisions to management overlay assumptions. 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 334

---- Page 337 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
335
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(e) Financing and advance (cont'd.)  
 
(viii) Movement of ECL for financing and advances (cont'd.) 
 
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                              345,477               588,894               354,509           1,288,880  
Total (reversal)/charged to profit or loss                         (52,720)              (254,494)               583,212             275,998  
Changes in the ECL due to  
  transfer within stages: 
  -  Transfer to Stage 1                                                   230,355              (219,725)                (10,630)                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 2                                                    (13,720)                 36,753                 (23, 033)                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                      (2,670)              (125,340)               128,0 10                        -  
New financing/disbursement  
  during the year                                                               85,737                 27,214                 14,897             127,848  
Repayment during the year                                          (242,109)                (43,736)                (26,619)           (312,464) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                 (8,904)                 65,502               458,454             515,052  
Changes to model assumptions 
  and methodologies ^                                                  (101,424)                  (1,882)                (47,147)           (150,453) 
Refinancing from MBSB                                                        15                   6,720                 89,280               96,015  
Reclassification from non-current  
  assets held for sale                                                                 -                           -                 10,656               10,656  
Write-offs                                                                                   -                           -               (210,116)           (210,116) 
 
As at 31 December                                                        292,757               334,400               738,261          1,365,418  
                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                
# The changes in credit risk parameters include impact of forward-looking on key MEV and changes to loss rate 
for the ECL model. 
 
^ The changes to model assumptions and methodologies were in relation to incorporation of MEV factors with 
more intuitive trends, revision to PD and LGD modelling and revisions to management overlay assumptions. 
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 335

---- Page 338 ----
336
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(e) Financing and advance (cont'd.)  
 
(ix) Movement of impaired financing and advances 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Balance as at 1 January                                                                                                       2,069,604              963,529  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                                                                                 144,940                         -  
Classified as impaired during the year                                                                                    874,151           1,183,350  
Reclassified as non-impaired                                                                                                (15 6,021)              (53,591) 
Amount recovered                                                                                                                  (331,701)            (124,602) 
Other movements                                                                                                                    153,814              180,195  
Derecognition of credit impaired financial asset                                                                      (44,200)                         -  
Refinancing from MBSB                                                                                                                 251              130,239 
Reclassification from non-current assets held for sale                                                               1,403                12,214  
Amount written off                                                                                                                  (325,882)            (221,730) 
 
Balance as at 31 December                                                                                                 2,386,359           2,069,604  
Less: ECL stage 3                                                                                                                  (797,769)            (738,261) 
 
                                                                                                                                             1,588,590           1,331,343  
                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                              
Net impaired as a percentage of net financing and advances                                                  4.06%                 3.64% 
 
 
Gross impaired as a percentage of gross financing and advances                                          5.91%                 5.46%  
 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 336

---- Page 339 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
337
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(f) Other receivables 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Financing to related companies                                                                                                      403,211              494,820  
Amount due from holding company                                                                                                           -                40,527  
Amount due from related companies                                                                                                         -                     335  
Prepayments and deposits                                                                                                               28,804                15,846  
Fee receivables                                                                                                                                 52,370                         -  
Foreclosed properties                                                                                                                       36,271                         -  
Deferred expenses                                                                                                                            60,849                41,706  
Sundry receivables                                                                                                                          144,277                20,958  
Amount due from brokers and clients                                                                                               10,911                         -  
Amount due from MIDF                                                                                                                     12,412                         -  
Amount due from borrowing and government grant                                                                        12,003                         -  
 
                                                                                                                                                761,108              614,192  
Less:                                                                                                                                                                                         
  ECL at stage 1                                                                                                                                  (5,191)                (4,414) 
  ECL at stage 3                                                                                                                                (19,931)              (94,852) 
                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                735,986              514,926  
 
 
(g) Deposits from customers  
                                                                                                                                                                                         
(i) By type of deposit: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Commodity Murabahah Term Deposits                                                                             34,760,348         26,895,884  
Demand deposits                                                                                                                 2,022,020           1,482,264  
Savings deposits                                                                                                                     752,952              734,551  
 
                                                                                                                                           37,535,320         29,112,699  
                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 337

---- Page 340 ----
338
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(g) Deposits from customers 
 
(ii) Maturity structure of term deposits are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Due within six months                                                                                                        25,839,368         19,673,851  
More than six months to one year                                                                                       6,195,849           4,421,626  
More than one year to three years                                                                                          532,360           1,366,471  
More than three years                                                                                                          2,192,771           1,433,936 
  
                                                                                                                                           34,760,348         26,895,884  
                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
(iii) By type of customers: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Government and statutory bodies                                                                                     18,881,570         15,232,596  
Business enterprises                                                                                                          13,349,550           9,065,228  
Individuals                                                                                                                            5,304,200           4,814,875  
                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                           37,535,320         29,112,699  
                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
(h) Deposits and placements of banks and other financial institutions  
 
(i) By type of deposit: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Non-Mudharabah Funds:  
Other financial institutions:                                                                                                                                              
- Licensed investment banks                                                                                                    29,271                     779  
- Licensed commercial banks                                                                                                        921                         -  
- Licensed islamic banks                                                                                                      1,201,820           1,121,734  
- Other financial institutions                                                                                                 7,117,084           6,388,823  
 
                                                                                                                                             8,349,096           7,511,336  
                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                              
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 338

---- Page 341 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
339
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(i) Investment accounts of customers 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Wakalah unrestricted investment account                                                                                                 -           2,080,767 
 
 
The investment account placements were used to fund personal financing. 
 
(i) By type of customers 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Government and statutory bodies                                                                                                      -           1,626,676  
Other financial institutions                                                                                                                  -              454,091 
  
                                                                                                                                                           -           2,080,767  
                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                              
(ii) Movement of investment accounts of customers: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
At beginning of the financial year                                                                                         2,080,767           2,094,914  
New placements during the financial year                                                                           2,526,300           5,795,123  
Redemption during the financial year                                                                                 (4,592,220)         (5,809,189) 
Finance expense                                                                                                                       31,473                52,685  
Profit distributed                                                                                                                       (46,320)              (52,766) 
 
At end of financial year                                                                                                                       -           2,080,767  
 
 
(iii) By maturity 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Due within six months                                                                                                                         -           1,926,610  
More than six months to one year                                                                                                      -              154,157 
  
                                                                                                                                                           -           2,080,767  
 
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 339

---- Page 342 ----
340
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(j) Other payables 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Islamic Banking 
                                                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022 
                                                                                                                                                                RM’000              RM’000 
 
Amount due to related entities                                                                                                        234,709                         -  
Amount due to brokers and clients                                                                                                  10,854                         -  
Amount due to GSF                                                                                                                          71,132                         -  
Sundry creditors                                                                                                                              271,783              222,233  
Al-Mudharabah security funds                                                                                                        117,885              132,944  
ECL for commitments and contingencies                                                                 (i)                     35,213                52,351  
Deferred income                                                                                                                                  5,243                  1,314  
Other provisions and accruals                                                                                                          76,480                99,837  
 
                                                                                                                                                        823,299              508,679  
                                                                                                                                                              
 
(i) ECL for commitments and contingencies  
 
Movement of ECL for commitments and contingencies are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2023                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                               15,146                 32,369                   4 ,836               52,351  
Acquisition of MIDF                                                           1,211                           -                           -                 1,211  
Total charged/(reversal) to profit or loss                          11,826                 (27,192)                  (2,971)             (18,337) 
Changes in ECL due to transfer within stages:    
-  Transfer to Stage 1                                                         1,945                  (1,933)                       (12)                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 2                                                           (895)                      919                        (24)                        -  
  -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                               (8)                     (314)                      322                        -  
New financing/disbursement during the year                  12,224                      255                        68               12,547 
Derecognised/converted 
  to financing during the year 
  (other than write-offs)                                                     (3,696)                  (8,937)                  (3,963)             (16,596) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                                  2,256                (17,182)                      638              (14,288) 
 
Write-offs                                                                                   -                           -                        (12)                    (12) 
 
As at 31 December                                                          28,183                   5,177                   1,85 3               35,213  
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                    
# The changes in credit risk parameters includes the impact of forward-looking key MEV and changes to loss rate 
for the ECL model. 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 340

---- Page 343 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
341
50. The Operations of Islamic Banking (cont'd.)  
 
(j) Other payables (cont'd.) 
 
(i) ECL for commitments and contingencies  (cont'd.) 
 
                                                                                                                                          Islamic Banking 
                                                                                      Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3                  Total 
2022                                                                               RM’000                RM’000                RM’000             RM’000 
 
As at 1 January                                                               16,943                 35,869                   1 ,372               54,184  
Total (reversal)/charged to profit or loss                           (1,797)                  (3,500)                   3,792                (1,505) 
Changes in ECL due to transfer within stages:   
-  Transfer to Stage 1                                                       24,738                (24,737)                         (1)                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 2                                                           (298)                      371                        (73)                        -  
   -  Transfer to Stage 3                                                             (22)                     (841)                      863                        -  
New financing/disbursement  
  during the year                                                               12,333                   1,395                        95               13,823  
Repayment/drawdown to  
  financing during the year                                                (6,672)                  (8,093)                     (540)             (15,305) 
Changes in credit risk parameters #                               (24,253)                   2,569                   4,163              (17,521) 
Changes to model assumptions 
  and methodologies ^                                                      (7,623)                 25,836                      (715)              17,498 
  
Write-offs                                                                                   -                           -                      (328)                  (328) 
 
As at 31 December                                                          15,146                 32,369                   4,836                52,351  
                                                                                                    
 
# The changes in credit risk parameters includes the impact of forward-looking key MEV and changes to loss rate 
for the ECL model. 
 
^ The changes to model assumptions and methodologies were in relation to incorporation of MEV factors with 
more intuitive trends, revision to PD and  LGD modelling and management overlays. 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 341

---- Page 344 ----
342
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
51. Significant events during the financial year  
 
(a) Acquisition of Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad (''MIDF'')                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                              
On 6 April 2022, BNM had vide its letter stated that it has no objection for MBSB to enter into discussions with Permodalan 
Nasional Berhad (''PNB'') to explore the possibility of undertaking an acquisition of the 100% shareholding in MIDF which 
is held by PNB ("Proposed Transaction"). BNM’s approval was valid for a period of 6 months from the date of its letter. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
Subsequently, MBSB and PNB ("the Parties") entered into an exclusivity agreement ("Exclusivity Agreement") granting the 
Parties exclusive right to enter into negotiations with each other to finalise the structure, pricing, and terms and conditions 
of the Proposed Transaction for a period commencing on the date of Exclusivity Agreement until 5.00 pm of the last day 
of the 6th month from the date of the letter of approval from BNM to commence negotiations i.e. 5 October 2022 or such 
other further period as may be agreed in writing by the Parties and approved by BNM ("Exclusivity Period"). On  
29 September 2022, BNM had vide its letter granted MBSB an extension of time to 5 January 2023 to conclude the 
negotiations for the Proposed Transaction and the Parties had agreed in writing to extend the Exclusivity Period to the 
extended date. 
 
Under the terms of the Exclusivity Agreement, the Parties have agreed not to take any action to solicit, negotiate, or 
otherwise facilitate any offer or inquiry from any other party (other than the Parties themselves) relating to any transaction 
or proposed transaction involving the share capital, assets, businesses or undertakings of MBSB and MIDF (including their 
subsidiaries) during the Exclusivity Period. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
On 21 October 2022, the Company had submitted an application to BNM, to seek the approvals of BNM and/or the Ministry 
of Finance, Malaysia (“MOF”) for the Proposed Transaction. The Company had also on even date entered into an 
Implementation Agreement with PNB to set up the agreement in respect of the share purchase agreement for the Proposed 
Transaction to be entered into by MBSB and PNB upon obtaining the approvals of BNM and the MOF . 
                                                                                                                                                                              
On 14 April 2023, the Company made an announcement to Bursa notifying on the approval granted by MOF and BNM on 
the proposed merger with MIDF . Further on 9 June 2023, the Company announced that a conditional share purchase 
agreement with Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“PNB”) has been entered to acquire the entire share capital of MIDF , 
comprising 480,355,627 ordinary shares held by PNB, for the purchase consideration of RM1,014,295,048.55 (“Final 
Purchase Consideration”) (“SPA”). The Final Purchase Consideration shall be satisfied through the issuance and allotment 
of 1,050,828,629 new ordinary shares in MBSB (“MBSB Shares”) (“Final Consideration Shares”) at the issue price of 
RM0.9652 per Final Consideration Share (“Final Issue Price”) to PNB. 
 
On 12 July 2023, the Company issued a circular to the shareholders in relation to the proposed acquisition, independent 
advice letter and notice of extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) for the proposed acquisition. The EGM was then held on 
27 July 2023 where the shareholders of the Company approved the proposed acquisition. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
Pursuant to the abovesaid approval and upon completion of the issuance of shares to PNB, MIDF became a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company on 2 October 2023. 
                                                                                                                                                                              
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 342

---- Page 345 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
343
51. Significant events during the financial year (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Acquisition of Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad (''MIDF'')  (cont'd.)                                          
 
The initial provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed arising from the acquisition are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                               Fair value 
                                                                                                                                                                                   RM'000 
 
Cash and short-term funds                                                                                                                                        722,725  
Deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                                         44,700  
Financial assets at  fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                  171,254  
Financial investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                            1,812,803  
Financial investments at amortised cost                                                                                                                 2,334,879  
Loans, financing and advances                                                                                                                              1,846,090  
Other receivables                                                                                                                                                       114,446  
Statutory deposits with Bank Negara Malaysia                                                                                                         103,901  
Other assets                                                                                                                                                                 85,608  
Deposits from customers                                                                                                                                      (4,395,923) 
Deposits and placements of banks and other financial institutions                                                                     (1,305,418) 
Borrowings and government grant                                                                                                                          (224,260) 
Other liabilities                                                                                                                                                          (183,825) 
 
Net assets                                                                                                                                                               1,126,980  
Less:                                                                                                                                                                                        
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                                 (238) 
 
Net assets acquired                                                                                                                                                1,126,742  
Gain on acquisition of MIDF (Note 34)                                                                                                                     (354,383) 
 
Purchase consideration satistied via issuance of consideration shares                                                                                  
  at market value on 2 October 2023 of RM0.735 per share                                                                                      772,359  
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
The acquisition resulted in a gain due to the consideration being lower than the net assets acquired which then allowed 
the Group to recognise a gain on the bargain purchase in the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
As allowed by MFRS 3 ‘Business Combination’, the Group will recognise any adjustments to the gain on acquisition of 
MIDF recognised as a result of completing the initial accounting within the measurement period, which shall not exceed 
twelve months from the acquisition date. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 343

---- Page 346 ----
344
NOTES TO THE  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
51. Significant events during the financial year (cont'd.)  
 
(a) Acquisition of Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad (''MIDF'')  (cont'd.) 
 
Additionally, the acquisition-related costs of RM6.9 million and RM1.5 million have been charged to general administrative 
expenses in the Group’s and the Company’s statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 respectively. 
 
The effects of the acquisitions on the Group’s financial results for the current financial year are as follows: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Date of  
                                                                                                                                                                        acquisition to  
                                                                                                                                                                31 December 2023  
                                                                                                                                                                                   RM'000  
 
Revenue                                                                                                                                                                       99,422  
Profit before taxation and zakat                                                                                                                                     3,532  
Net profit                                                                                                                                                                           789  
 
Had the acquisition been effected on 1 January 2023, the financial results contributed to the Group for the current financial 
year would have been: 
                                                                                                                                                                                       From  
                                                                                                                                                                  1 January 2023 to  
                                                                                                                                                                31 December 2023 
                                                                                                                                                                                     RM'00 
 
Revenue                                                                                                                                                                     421,134  
Profit before taxation and zakat                                                                                                                                   12,112  
Net loss                                                                                                                                                                          4,297 
 
(b) Proposed scheme of arrangement to transfer shareholding of Emerald Unity and disposal of residual A&L to Emerald Unity  
 
On 18 September 2023, we made an announcement to Bursa on the Company’s proposal to undertake a members’ scheme 
of arrangement pursuant to Sections 366 and 370 of the Companies Act 2016 (“Proposed Scheme”).  
 
The Proposed Scheme is to transfer the Company’s entire shareholding in Emerald Unity Sdn. Bhd.  (“Emerald Unity”) to 
a corporate share trustee to hold the same for the benefit of a nominated charity to be identified. After the proposed 
Emerald Unity Share transfer to the Share Trustee, the Company proposes to dispose of and transfer its Residual Assets 
and Liabilities (“A&L”) to Emerald Unity for the following consideration:  
 
i)  For the shares of the non-financial subsidiaries, based on a nominal sum of RM2.00 or less for each of the subsidiaries; 
and  
 
ii) For all the subject loans which remain in the Company at the date of transfer (which is to be determined), at a 
consideration based on net book value at the end of the month prior to the transfer of the subject loans subject to a 
maximum of the amount owed as at a date to be determined by the Company.                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                         
The rationale of the Proposed Scheme is to enable the Company to be a pure investment holding company with no loans 
and no direct interest in companies which are not involved in financial services.  
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
The Court Convene Meeting was held on 24 November 2023 where the shareholders approved the Proposed Scheme. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 344

---- Page 347 ----
Section 06Financial Statements
345
52. Subsequent event after the financial year end  
 
On 31 January 2024, the Company completed the Proposed Scheme as disclosed in Note 51(b) of the financial statements. 
 
 
53. Critical accounting estimates and judgements in applying accounting policies  
 
The Group and the Company make estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, 
by definition, rarely equal the related actual results. To enhance the information content of the estimates, certain key variables 
that are anticipated to have material impact to the Group's and the Company's results and financial position are tested for 
sensitivity to changes in the underlying parameters. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a 
material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined below: 
 
(a) Allowance for ECL 
 
The measurement of the ECL for financial assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI is an area that requires the use 
of complex models and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour. 
 
MFRS 9 introduces the use of macroeconomic factors which include, but is not limited to, private consumption, 
unemployment rate and consumer price index. Incorporating forward looking information increases the level of judgement 
as to how changes in these macroeconomic factors will affect ECL. The methodology and assumptions including any 
forecasts of future economic conditions are reviewed regularly. 
 
A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring ECL,  
such as: 
 
• Criteria that determine if there has been a significant increase in credit risk and so allowances for financial assets 
should be measured on a lifetime ECL basis and the qualitative assessment; 
• Internal credit grading model, which assigns PDs to the individual grades; 
• Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL;  
• Establishing the number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios for each type of product/market and 
the associated ECL; and 
• Establishing groups of similar financial assets for the purposes of measuring ECL 
 
The sensitivity effect on the macroeconomic factors are further disclosed in Note 46.1(v) to the financial statements. 
 
The calculation of credit impairment provisions also involves expert credit judgements to be applied by the credit risk 
management team based upon counterparty information from various sources including relationship managers and external 
market information. 
 
(b) Impairment assessment of goodwill                                                                                                                                    
 
Goodwill arising from consolidation represents the excess of the purchase consideration and the fair value of the net 
identifiable assets of MBSB Bank acquired on 7 February 2018. 
 
Goodwill is not amortised but tested for impairment annually based on the recoverable amount of the investment with VIU 
calculations. VIU is calculated with cash flow projections, of which the first 3 years of cash flow projections were based on 
the 2024 financial budget approved by the Board and discounted using the Weighted Average Cost of Capital ("WACC") 
rates. Cash flows beyond the 3 years period are extrapolated using the forecast Gross Domestic Products as the terminal 
growth rate and discounted using WACC rates. 
  
  
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 345

---- Page 348 ----
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 346

---- Page 349 ----
STAKEHOLDER 
INFORMATION
348  Schedule of Properties 
350  Analysis of Shareholding 
354  Notice of Annual General Meeting 
  
        Proxy Form
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 347

---- Page 350 ----
348
SCHEDULE OF 
PROPERTIES
                                                                                                                                          Land                             Ages of           Book 
                                                                                                No.           Expiry                Area                            Building           Value            Date of 
 No. Location                                                 Tenure    of years             Date     (Sq. Metres)    Description       (Years)     (RM'000)   Re-valuation 
 
 1     Menara MBSB Bank, PJ Sentral,       Leasehold              99   09.02.2108      281,455.00               Office                3       220,009             Dec-23 
        Lot 12, Persiaran Barat,                                                                                                                Building 
        Seksyen 52, 46200 Petaling Jaya                        
 
 2     Lot 31632 and 31633 PM                  Leasehold              99   08.05.2093        28,651.30              Vacant              Nil         56,000             Dec-23 
        No.416 and 417, Bukit Raja,                                                                                                              Land 
        Mukim of Kapar, Dtstrict of Klang,  
        Selangor 
 
 3     A)  Lot No. 3077  
             Title Pajakan Negeri  
             No. 32340, Mukim Pegoh,  
             Alor Gajah, Melaka  
             (phase 2C, A'Famosa resort) 
 
        B)  65 undeveloped detached  
             house plots of land,                      Leasehold              99   18.12.2094      161,106.01              Vacant              Nil         33,763              Jul-23 
             Part of Phase 12,                                                                                                                         Land 
             A' Famosa Resort Malaysia,                          
             Jalan Kemus, Simpang Ampat,  
             Melaka. 
 
        C)  62 undeveloped detached 
             house plots of land,  
             Part of Phase 8,  
             A'Famosa Resort Malaysia,  
             Jalan Kemus, Simpang Ampat,  
             Melaka                                                            
 
 4     No.48, Jalan Dungun,                           Freehold              Nil                 Nil          1,595.28               Office              34         22,526             Dec-23 
        Damansara Heights,                                                                                                                     Building 
        Kuala Lumpur                                                                                                                                              
 
 5     Nos A157 & A159,                                Freehold              Nil                 Nil                  266               Office           > 25           2,300             Jan-24  
        Jalan Tun Ismail, Kuantan,                                                                                                            Building 
        Pahang 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 348

---- Page 351 ----
Section 07Stakeholder Information
349
                                                                                                                                          Land                             Ages of           Book 
                                                                                                No.           Expiry                Area                            Building           Value            Date of 
 No. Location                                                 Tenure    of years             Date     (Sq. Metres)    Description       (Years)     (RM'000)   Re-valuation 
 
 6     Unit no. 7-3A-4 & 7-12-4,                     Freehold              Nil                 Nil                   Nil       Residential              25           1,922              Apr-18 
        Kirana Residence, No. 7,                                                                                                                    Unit 
        Jalan Pinang, Kuala Lumpur 
 
 7     No. 45,                              Lot 2294 N: Freehold            999   21.09.2884             222.96               Office              30           1,917             Jan-24 
        Persiaran Greenhill,        Lot 2298 N: Leasehold                                                                          Building 
        30450 Ipoh,  
        Perak Darul Redzuan                                           
         
 8     4 units shop office                             Leasehold              99   08.05.2093                   Nil               Office             10           1,729             Jan-23 
        known as unit no. 11-1,                                                                                                                       unit 
        11-2, 11-3 and  
        11-16 Port Tech Tower, Klang                              
 
 9     No. 2783                                               Freehold              Nil                 Nil                  451               Office              20           1,054             Mar-23 
        Jalan Chain Ferry,                                                                                                                         Building 
        TamanInderawasih,Perai,  
        Seberang Perai Tengah,  
        Pulau Pinang                                                                          
 
10    Four (4) completed units of                Leasehold              99   08.05.2093                   Nil        Office unit                9              846             Jan-23 
        office space : No.13- 3A,13-5, 
        13-6,13-7, 13th floor,  
        Port Tech Tower,  
        Jalan Tiara 3KU/01,  
        Bandar Baru Klang, Selangor                              
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 349

---- Page 352 ----
350
ANALYSIS OF 
SHAREHOLDINGS
Total number of Issued Shares : 8,222,312,432 Ordinary Shares 
Voting Rights : One Vote per Ordinary Share 
 
ANALYSIS OF ORDINARY SHAREHOLDINGS 
 
SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  
 
                                                                                                          No of                      % of                      No of         % of Issued 
                                                                                             Shareholders        Shareholders                   Shares      Share Capital 
 
1 - 99                                                                                                  2,574                     5.242                    95,016                    0.001 
100 - 1,000                                                                                        6,600                   13.4 42               4,913,252                    0.059 
1,001 - 10,000                                                                                 20,183                   41.108           108,445,391                    1.318 
10,001 - 100,000                                                                             16,522                   33.651           545,422,035                    6.633 
100,001 - 411,115,620 (*)                                                                   3,215                     6.548        1,788,666,219                  21.753 
411,115,621 AND ABOVE (**)                                                                   3                     0.006        5,774,770,519                  70.232 
 
TOTAL                                                                                              49,097                   100 .00        8,222,312,432                  100.00 
 
Remark: 
* Less than 5% of Issued Shares 
** 5% and above of Issued Shares 
 
 
THIRTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 No      Name                                                                                                                                      No. of Shares         % of Shares 
 
1          CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD.                                                                3,209,630,341                  39.035 
           EMPLOYEES PROVIDENT FUND BOARD                                                                                                     
 
2          CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD                                                                 1,514,311,549                  18.417 
           EMPLOYEES PROVIDENT FUND BOARD (ISLAMIC)                                                                                    
 
3          PERMODALAN NASIONAL BERHAD                                                                                     1,050,828,629                  12.780 
 
4          HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                                    131,062,931                    1.593 
           EXEMPT AN FOR HSBC PRIVATE BANK (SUISSE) SA (CLIENT ASSETS)                                                    
 
5          CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                            82,774,787                    1.006 
           EXEMPT AN FOR UBS SWITZERLAND AG (CLIENTS ASSETS)                                                                   
 
6          FONG SILING                                                                                                                              52,700,000                    0.640 
 
7          CARTABAN NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                             36,509,391                    0.444 
           EXEMPT AN FOR STATE STREET BANK & TRUST COMPANY (WEST CLT OD67)                                      
            
8          HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                                      32,367,600                    0.393 
           JPMCB NA FOR VANGUARD EMERGING MARKETS STOCK INDEX FUND                                               
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
As at 29 March 2024
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 350

---- Page 353 ----
Section 07Stakeholder Information
351
 No      Name                                                                                                                                      No. of Shares         % of Shares 
 
9          HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                                      31,548,684                    0.383 
           JPMCB NA FOR VANGUARD TOTAL INTERNATIONAL STOCK INDEX FUND                                             
 
10        CARTABAN NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                             30,748,028                    0.373 
           SSBT FUND WTAU FOR WISDOMTREE EMERGING MARKETS  
           SMALLCAP DIVIDEND FUND                                                                                                                         
 
11        RHB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD.                                                                                 23,412,000                    0.284 
           PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR SIAO CHOON PING                                                                      
 
12        B-OK SDN. BHD.                                                                                                                        20,966,818                    0.254 
 
13        CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.  
           EXEMPT AN FOR UBS AG SINGAPORE (FOREIGN)                                                                  19,213,562                    0.233 
 
14        HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                                      18,775,300                    0.228 
           JPMCB NA FOR VANGUARD FIDUCIARY TRUST COMPANY  
           INSTITUTIONAL TOTAL INTERNATIONAL STOCK MARKET INDEX TRUST II                                              
 
15        HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                                      14,370,281                    0.174 
           J.P . MORGAN SECURITIES PLC                                                                                                                    
 
16        TA NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD.                                                                                    11,571,700                    0.140 
           PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR HENG TENG KUANG                                                                    
 
17        CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                            11,165,458                    0.135 
           CBNY FOR EMERGING MARKET CORE EQUITY PORTFOLIO  
           DFA INVESTMENT DIMENSIONS GROUP INC                                                                                             
 
18        KENANGA NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD.                                                                       10,477,696                    0.127 
           EXEMPT AN FOR PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD (CLIENT ACCOUNT)                                                       
 
19        LKK REALTY SDN. BHD.                                                                                                               9,087,000                    0.110 
 
20        CARTABAN NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                               8,688,000                    0.105 
           THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON FOR VANGUARD FTSE  
           ALL-WORLD EX-US SMALL-CAP INDEX FUND                                                                                            
 
21        CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                               8,648,058                    0.105 
           CBNY FOR DIMENSIONAL EMERGING MARKETS VALUE FUND                                                               
 
22        HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                                        7,986,485                    0.097 
           JPMCB NA FOR EMERGING MARKETS SMALL CAPITALIZATION EQUITY INDEX  
           NONLENDABLE FUND                                                                                                                                   
 
23        TEE KOK THYE                                                                                                                              7,711,123                    0.093 
 
24        RAJESH SINGH BHINDER A/L PRETAM SINGH                                                                          7,503,300                    0.091 
 
25        CARTABAN NOMINEES (ASING) SDN. BHD.                                                                               7,390,300                    0.089 
           STATE STREET LONDON FUND OD75 FOR ISHARES PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY                                  
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 351

---- Page 354 ----
352
 No      Name                                                                                                                                      No. of Shares         % of Shares 
 
26        POSEIDON SENDIRIAN BERHAD                                                                                                 7,375,246                    0.089 
 
27        AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD 
           PMB SHARIAH PREMIER FUND                                                                                                   7,200,000                    0.087 
 
28        HLB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD.                                                                                    7,000,000                    0.085 
           PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR TAN KIM HEUNG                                                                          
 
29        YEAP AH KAU @ YEAP CHAN TOOI                                                                                             6,955,000                    0.084 
 
30        MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD.                                                                         6,085,553                    0.074 
           PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR CHEN TAM CHAI                                                                          
 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDING OF THE THIRTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS                                     6,394,064,820                  77.748 
 
 
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS  
(as per Register of Substantial Shareholders as at 29 March 2024) 
 
                                                                                                                                                                        No. of         % of Issued 
 Name                                                                                                                                                   Shares Held                  Shares 
 
EMPLOYEES PROVIDENT FUND BOARD*                                                                                       4,723,941,890                  57.453 
 
PERMODALAN NASIONAL BERHAD                                                                                                1,050,828,629                  12.780 
 
 
Notes: 
*  Total direct interest of EPF held under Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn. Bhd.  
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ANALYSIS OF 
SHAREHOLDINGS
As at 29 March 2024
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 352

---- Page 355 ----
Section 07Stakeholder Information
353
DIRECTORS' DIRECT AND INDIRECT INTERESTS IN SHARES IN THE COMPANY 
 
                                                                                                Direct                                Indirect                               Total 
                                                                                              Interest                               Interest                       Shareholdings 
 
                                                                                         No. of              % of            No. of              % of            No. of            % of 
                                                                                       shares          Issued          shares           Issued          shares         Issued 
                                                                                            held          shares               held           shares               held         shares 
 
 Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mamat                                           -                    -         148,400             0. 002        148,400           0.002 
 
 
Note: 
Indirect interest via the shareholding held by his son, Izzat bin Abdul Rahman. Tan Sri Abdul Rahman bin Mamat, by virtue of his total 
indirect interest of 148,400 shares in MBSB, is deemed interested in the shares in all MBSB's subsidiaries to the extend that MBSB 
has interest. 
 
 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S DIRECT AND INDIRECT INTERESTS IN SHARES IN THE COMPANY 
 
The Group Chief Executive Officer, Encik Rafe Haneef does not hold any direct or indirect interests in shares in the Company. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 353

---- Page 356 ----
354
NOTICE OF 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE 54TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (“AGM”) of the Company will be conducted as a virtual 
meeting through live streaming from the broadcast venue at Level 4, Menara MBSB Bank, PJ Sentral, Lot 12, Persiaran Barat, 
Seksyen 52, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor (“Broadcast Venue”) on Thursday, 6 June 2024 at 10.00 a.m. for the purpose of 
considering and, if thought fit, passing the following resolutions with or without modifications:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:  
 
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements of the Company and of the Group for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 and Reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon. 
 
2. To declare a Single-Tier Final Dividend of 3.5 sen per ordinary share for the financial year ended  
31 December 2023. 
 
3. To approve the payment of Directors’ Fees payable to Directors for the period from the date of this 
AGM until the next AGM of the Company in 2025. 
 
4. To approve payment of benefits (excluding Directors’ Fees) payable to Directors from the date of 
this AGM until the next AGM of the Company in 2025. 
 
5. To re-elect Dato’ Wan Kamaruzaman bin Wan Ahmad, who retires in accordance with Clause 90 of 
the Company’s Constitution, and who being eligible offer himself for re-election. 
 
6. To re-elect Tan Sri Abd Rahman bin Mamat, who retires in accordance with Clause 90 of the 
Company’s Constitution, and who being eligible offer himself for re-election. 
 
7. To re-elect Datuk (Dr.) Yasmin binti Mahmood, who retires in accordance with Clause 90 of the 
Company’s Constitution, and who being eligible offer herself for re-election. 
 
8. To re-elect Puan Lynette Yeow Su-Yin, who retires in accordance with Clause 100 of the Company’s 
Constitution, and who being eligible offer herself for re-election. 
 
9. To reappoint Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT as Auditors of the Company for the financial 
year ending 31 December 2024 and to authorise the Directors to determine their remuneration. 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS:  
 
10.Proposed Change of Name of the Company from “Malaysia Building Society Berhad”  
to “MBSB Berhad” (“Proposed Change of Name”) 
 
THAT subject to the approvals of all relevant authorities and/or parties being obtained (if required), 
approval be and is hereby given to the Company to change its name from “Malaysia Building Society 
Berhad” to “MBSB Berhad” with effect from the date of issuance of the Notice of Registration of 
the New Name by the Companies Commission of Malaysia AND THAT the name of the Company 
wherever appearing in the Constitution of the Company be and is hereby amended accordingly. 
 
THAT the Directors and/or the Company Secretaries be and are hereby authorised and empowered 
to do all such acts and things (including executing all such documents as may be required) as they 
may consider necessary and/or expediently including to carry out all the necessary formalities in 
effecting the Proposed Change of Name.  
 
11. To transact any other business of which due notice shall have been given. 
 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD 
 
KOH AI HOON (MAICSA 7006997) 
Practicing Certificate No.: 202308000225 
PAULINE NG PECK KUN (MAICSA 7029550) 
Practicing Certificate No.: 201908002573 
Company Secretaries 
 
Petaling Jaya  
30 April 2024 
 
 
(Please refer to  
Explanatory Note 1) 
 
Ordinary Resolution 1 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 2 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 3 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 4 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 5 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 6 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 7 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution 8 
 
 
 
 
Special Resolution 1 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 354

---- Page 357 ----
Section 07Stakeholder Information
355
Explanatory Notes: - 
 
1. Item 1 of the Agenda - Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023  
 
This Agenda is meant for discussion only, as the provision of Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2016 does not require a 
formal approval of the shareholders for the Audited Financial Statements. Hence, this Agenda item is not put forward for voting. 
 
2. Item 3 of the Agenda - Ordinary Resolution 2 - Directors Fees payable to Directors  
 
The proposed fees to be paid to Directors for the period from the date of this AGM until the next AGM of the Company in 2025 
is based on the following fee structure:- 
 
  Fees per annum                                                                                                                                    (RM) 
                                                                                                                                           Chairman                    Member 
 
  Directors                                                                                                                             155,000                       115,000 
 
  Audit Committee                                                                                                                 30,000                         20,000 
 
  Risk Management Committee                                                                                             30,000                         20,000 
 
  Nominating & Remuneration Committee                                                                            25,000                         15,000 
 
 
3. Item 4 of the Agenda - Ordinary Resolution 3 - Benefits payable to Directors  
 
The proposed benefits payable to Directors for the period from the date of this AGM until the next AGM of the Company in 
2025 is based on the following structure:- 
 
  Board Meeting Allowance                                                                                     RM3,000.00 per meeting 
 
  General Meeting Allowance                                                                                  RM3,000.00 per meeting 
 
  Board Committee Meeting Allowance                                                                  RM2,000.00 per meeting 
 
  Any other meeting allowances                                                                             RM2,000.00 per meeti ng 
  (where the Directors are invited to attend)                                                                                 
 
  Other benefits                                                                                                                            
 
 
 
Note:  
(a) The benefits payable to the Directors comprise of allowances and other emoluments payable to the Chairman and members 
of the Board and Board Committees.  
(b) The total amount of benefits payable to the Directors is estimated up to RM1,200,000 from the date of this AGM until the 
next AGM in 2025 based on the estimated number of 80 meetings. 
 
Company car and personal driver for Chairman, 
medical coverage, travel, communication and 
other claimable benefit
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 355

---- Page 358 ----
356
4. Item 5, 6, 7 and 8 of the Agenda - Ordinary Resolution 4, 5, 6 and 7 - Re-election of Directors  
 
Tan Sri Abd Rahman bin Mamat (“Tan Sri Rahman”) was appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 
5 December 2023. 
 
Datuk (Dr.) Yasmin binti Mahmood (“Datuk Yasmin”) was appointed as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company 
on 5 December 2023.  
 
Dato’ Wan Kamaruzaman bin Wan Ahmad (“Dato’ Wan”) was appointed as Chairman/ Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
of the Company on 24 January 2024. 
 
Tan Sri Rahman, Datuk Yasmin and Dato’ Wan shall hold office until this AGM and are eligible to stand for re-election in 
accordance with Clause 90 of the Company’s Constitution. Tan Sri Rahman, Datuk Yasmin and Dato’ Wan have offered 
themselves for re-election at this AGM. 
 
Pursuant to Clause 100 of the Company’s Constitution, Puan Lynette Yeow Su-Yin (“Puan Lynette”) is due for retirement by 
rotation at this AGM. Puan Lynette is eligible to stand for re-election and she has offered herself for re-election at this AGM.  
 
The retiring Directors had abstained from deliberations and decisions on their own eligibility to stand for re-election at the 
relevant Board and Nominating and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) meeting. The Board and NRC had considered the 
performance and contribution of each of the retiring Directors and also assessed the independence of the Independent Non-
Executive Directors seeking re-election. 
 
The Board and NRC were satisfied that all four (4) Directors are not disqualified under the Companies Act, 2016 and Section 
59(1) of the Financial Services Act 2013 (“FSA”). The Directors complied with the Fit and Proper Requirements as prescribed in 
the Fit and Proper Policy. The Directors also fulfilled the independence criteria set out in the BNM Corporate Governance Policy 
and the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. Background screening was conducted on the 
retiring Directors and there was no adverse finding or any interest, position or relationship that might influence, or reasonably 
be perceived to influence in the background screening that could materially affect the Directors’ capacity to bring an independent 
judgement to bear on issues before the Board and to act in the best interests of MBSB.  
 
The Board and NRC had reviewed the performance of Puan Lynette and her meeting attendance at the Board and Board 
Committees in 2022 and 2023. Puan Lynette attended more than 95% of the Board and Board Committee meetings in 2022 
and 2023. The Board and NRC were satisfied with the performance and the contribution of Puan Lynette to the Board and 
the Board Committees. Puan Lynette participated actively in the deliberations during the Board and Board Committee 
meetings and was able to provide independent and diverse viewpoints. In the absence of the Board Chairman, Puan Lynette 
assumed the role of chairing the Board Meeting and was redesignated as Acting Chairman on 22 September 2023. She 
was subsequently redesignated as Senior Independent Non-Executive Director upon the appointment of Dato’ Wan as the 
Board Chairman of the Company.  Puan Lynette also received a high score in the peer evaluation which was part of the 
Board Effectiveness Evaluation for year 2022 and 2023. 
 
The Board and NRC supported the re-election of Tan Sri Rahman, Datuk Yasmin, Dato’ Wan and Puan Lynette as Directors of 
MBSB at this AGM. 
 
The details of the Directors who are standing for the re-election at this AGM are disclosed under the Directors’ Profile of the  
Integrated Annual Report 2023. 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTICE OF 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 356

---- Page 359 ----
Section 07Stakeholder Information
357
5. Item 9 of the Agenda - Ordinary Resolution 8 - Re-appointment of Auditors  
 
The Audit Committee (“AC”), at its meeting on 26 February 2024 conducted its annual assessment on the external auditors of 
the Company, Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (“PwC”) in accordance with BNM’s Guidelines on External Auditors.  
The assessment covered a wide spectrum of matters such as performance, suitability, independence and objectivity of the 
external auditors, based on qualifying criteria for the appointment of auditors and terms of audit engagements. 
 
Having satisfied itself with PwC’s performance and fulfilment of criteria as set out in BNM’s Guidelines on External Auditors, the 
AC recommended the re-appointment of PwC as the external auditors of the Company for the financial year ending  
31 December 2024. The Board, at its meeting on 29 February 2024, approved the recommendation for shareholders’ approval 
to be sought at the 54th AGM of the Company on the re-appointment of PwC as the external auditors of the Company for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2024, subject always to the approval from the regulators and shareholders. 
 
6. Item 10 of the Agenda - Special Resolution 1 - Proposed Change of Name  
 
The proposed Special Resolution 1, if passed, will take effect from the date of issuance of the Notice of Registration of the New 
Name by the Companies Commission of Malaysia. 
 
Please refer to the Circular to Shareholders in relation to the Proposed Change of Name dated 30 April 2024 which is despatched 
together with this Annual Report for more information. 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
 
The Broadcast Venue is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 which requires the 
Chairman of the meeting to be present at the main venue of the meeting. 
 
Shareholders are to attend, communicate (including posing questions to the Board via real-time submission of typed texts) and vote 
(collectively, “participate”) remotely at the 54th AGM via the Remote Participation and Voting facilities (“RPV”) provided by T ricor 
Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn. Bhd.  (“Tricor”) via its TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Please follow the procedures 
in the Administrative Guide in order to participate remotely via RPV. 
 
Notes: -  
 
1. For the purpose of determining a member who shall be entitled to attend this AGM, the Company shall be requesting Bursa 
Malaysia Depository Sdn. Bhd. in accordance with Clause 61(2) of the Company’s Constitution and Section 34(1) of the Securities 
Industry (Central Depositories) Act, 1991 (“SICDA”), to issue a General Meeting Record of Depositors as at 28 May 2024.  
Only a depositor whose name appears on the Record of Depositors as at 28 May 2024 shall be entitled to attend the said 
meeting or appoint proxies to attend and/or vote on his/her/its behalf. 
 
2. A member shall be entitled to appoint another person as his/her/its proxy. There shall be no restriction as to the qualificat ion of 
the proxy. A proxy appointed to attend and vote at a meeting of a company shall have the same rights as the member to attend, 
participate, speak and vote at the meeting. 
 
3. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless the member specifies the proportion 
of the member’s holdings to be represented by each proxy. 
 
4. Where a member of the company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple 
beneficial owners in one securities account (“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt 
authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds. An exempt authorised nominee refers to an 
authorised nominee defined under the SICDA which is exempted from compliance with the provisions of subsection 25A(1) of 
SICDA. 
 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 357

---- Page 360 ----
358
NOTICE OF 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
5. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointer or his attorney duly authorised in writ ing 
or, if the appointer is a corporation, either under its common seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised. 
 
6. To be valid, the duly completed instrument appointing a proxy must be deposited at the Share Registrar’s office at Unit 32-01 , 
Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8 Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, or its Customer 
Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur 
not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time fixed for holding the meeting. Alternatively, the instrument appointing a proxy 
can be submitted electronically, via TIIH Online at the website https://tiih.online, not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the 
time for holding the meeting or at any adjournment thereof. Otherwise the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid. 
Please refer to the procedure for lodgement of Proxy Form in the Administrative Guide for submission of electronic Proxy Form. 
 
7. As no shareholders should be physically present at the Broadcast Venue, we urge all shareholders to attend the AGM remotely 
using the RPV facilities which are available on Tricor’s TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Please follow the procedur es 
provided in the Administrative Guide. 
 
 
STATEMENT ACCOMPANYING THE NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PURSUANT TO PARAGRAPH 8.27(2) OF THE 
MAIN MARKET LISTING REQUIREMENTS OF BURSA MALAYSIA SECURITIES BERHAD  
 
1. The details of the Directors who are standing for re-election at the 54 th Annual General Meeting of the Company are disclosed 
in the “Profile of MBSB Board of Directors” section of the Integrated Annual Report 2023. The details of their interest in securities 
of the Company are disclosed in the “Analysis of Shareholding” section of the Integrated Annual Report 2023. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD • INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 358

---- Page 361 ----
PROXY 
FORM
I/We__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
                                                                                                                                         (full name in block letters) 
 
Company /NRIC No.______________________________________________________ Tel No._______________________________________ 
 
 
of____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
                                                                                                                                                     (full address) 
 
being a member/members of MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD hereby appoint:- 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ (Proxy1) 
                                                                                                                                         (full name in block letters) 
 
NRIC No._______________________________________________Tel No._______________________________________________________ 
 
 
of ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________ and/ or 
                                                                                                                                                         (full address) 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ (Proxy 2) 
                                                                                                                                          (full name in block letters) 
 
Company /NRIC No.______________________________________________________ Tel No._______________________________________ 
 
 
of ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
                                                                                                                                                        (full address)  
or failing him/her, the Chairman of the Meeting as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the 54th Annual General Meeting 
of the Company which will be conducted as a virtual meeting through live streaming from the broadcast venue at Level 4, Menara 
MBSB Bank, PJ Sentral, Lot 12, Persiaran Barat, Seksyen 52, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor (“Broadcast Venue”) on Thursday,  
6 June 2024 at 10.00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof. 
 
My/Our proxy to vote as indicated hereunder. 
 
  NO.                                                             RESOLUTIONS                                                                       FOR              AGAINST 
2. To approve the payment of Directors’ fees payable to Directors for the period from the 
date of this AGM until the next AGM of the Company in 2025.      Ordinary Resolution 2
1. To declare a Single-Tier Final Dividend of 3.5 sen per ordinary share for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023.                                                              Ordinary Resolution 1                                                          
3. To approve payment of benefits (excluding Directors’ Fees) payable to Directors from the 
date of this AGM until the next AGM of the Company in 2025.      Ordinary Resolution 3
4. To re-elect Dato’ Wan Kamaruzaman bin Wan Ahmad as Director of the Company.  
                                                                                                        Ordinary Resolution 4 
5. To re-elect Tan Sri Abd Rahman bin Mamat as Director of the Company.  
                                                                                                        Ordinary Resolution 5 
6. To re-elect Datuk (Dr.) Yasmin binti Mahmood as Director of the Company.  
                                                                                                        Ordinary Resolution 6 
7. To re-elect Puan Lynette Yeow Su-Yin as Director of the Company.  
                                                                                                        Ordinary Resolution 7 
8. To reappoint Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT as Auditors of the Company for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2024 and to authorise the Directors to determine their 
remuneration.                                                                                  Ordinary Resolution 8
9. Proposed Change of Name of the Company from “Malaysia Building Society Berhad” to 
“MBSB Berhad”                                                                                 Special Resolution 1  
(Please indicate with an ‘x’ in the space indicated above as to how you wish to cast your vote. If no specific directions as to voting 
are given, the proxy shall vote or abstain from voting at his/her full discretion) 
Date: Signature / Common Seal
Percentage (%)No. of shares
Proxy 1
Proxy 2
 
No of shares CDS Account No.
MALAYSIA BUILDING SOCIETY BERHAD  
Registration No. 197001000172 (9417-K) 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 359

---- Page 362 ----
Fold Here
Fold Here
The Share Registrar 
 
Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn. Bhd.  (11324-H) 
Unit 32 - 01, Level 32, Tower A, 
Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, 
Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 
59200 Kuala Lumpur
AFFIX 
STAMP
Notes: 
1. For the purpose of determining a member who shall be entitled to attend this AGM, 
the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn. Bhd.  in 
accordance with Clause 61(2) of the Company’s Constitution and Section 34(1) of 
the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act, 1991 (“SICDA” ), to issue a General 
Meeting Record of Depositors as at 28 May 2024. Only a depositor whose name 
appears on the Record of Depositors as at 28 May 2024 shall be entitled to attend 
the said meeting or appoint proxies to attend and/or vote on his/her/its behalf.  
2. A member shall be entitled to appoint another person as his/her/its proxy. There shall 
be no restriction as to the qualification of the proxy. A proxy appointed to attend and 
vote at a meeting of a company shall have the same rights as the member to attend, 
participate, speak and vote at the meeting.  
3. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid 
unless the member specifies the proportion of the member’s holdings to be 
represented by each proxy.  
4. Where a member of the company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds 
ordinary shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one securities 
account (“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the 
exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it 
holds. An exempt authorised nominee refers to an authorised nominee defined under 
the SICDA which is exempted from compliance with the provisions of subsection 
25A(1) of SICDA. 
 
 
 
5. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointer 
or his attorney duly authorised in writing or, if the appointer is a corporation, either 
under its common seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.  
6. To be valid, the duly completed instrument appointing a proxy must be deposited at 
the Share Registrar’s office at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, 
Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8 Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, or its Customer 
Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, 
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur not less than forty-eight (48) hours before 
the time fixed for holding the meeting. Alternatively, the instrument appointing a proxy 
can be submitted electronically, via TIIH Online at website https://tiih.online, not less 
than forty-eight (48) hours before the time for holding the meeting or at any 
adjournment thereof, otherwise the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid. 
Please refer to the procedure for lodgement of Proxy Form in the Administrative 
Guide for submission of electronic Proxy Form.  
7. As no shareholders should be physically present at the Broadcast Venue, we urge 
all shareholders to attend the AGM remotely using the RPV facilities which are 
available on Tricor’s TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Please follow the 
procedures provided in the Administrative Guide. 
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 360

---- Page 363 ----
MBSB AR23.qxp_Layout 1  30/04/2024  3:28 PM  Page 361