---- Page 1 ----
ELEVATING EXCELLENCE
REDEFINING SUCCESS
ANNUAL REPORT 2024

---- Page 2 ----
ELEVATING 
EXCELLENCE 
REDEFINING 
SUCCESS
As we embark on this next chapter of our 
journey, we do so with a sense of optimism, 
excitement, and unwavering determination. Our  
achievements this year are a testament to 
what we are capable of, but they are just the  
beginning. With our enhanced strategic vision 
guiding the way, there is no limit to what we 
can achieve. Together, let us continue to soar  
beyond success, forging a path towards a 
brighter, sustainable and prosperous future.
Scan the QR code to download our  
Annual Report 2024 or visit our website
https://www.mnrb.com.my/investor-relations/
annual-report
2 Who We Are
4 Key Business Entities
6 Corporate Information
7 Group Corporate Structure
8 Our Business Model
01 OUR BUSINESS
1 0 Group Code of Ethics
1 1 Chairman’s Statement
20 Economic and Industry Review
and Prospects
23 Management Discussion & Analysis
36 Sustainability Statement
88 Performance Data Table
02
OUR PERFORMANCE &
OUTLOOK
9 1 Five-Year Financial Highlights
92 Five-Year Group Performance
93 Investors Information
94 Financial Calendar 2024
03 OUR FINANCIAL REVIEW
95	 Directors’ 	Profile
99	 Group 	Shariah	Committee’s	Profile
102 Key Senior Management Team
103	 Key	Senior	Management	Team’s	Profile
109 Corporate Governance Overview Sta
tement
124 Audit Committee Report
127  Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control
133 Statement of Directors’ Responsibility
in relation to the Financial Statements
134 Additional Compliance Information
04 OUR GOVERNANCE
135 Financial Statements
05 OUR FINANCIAL REPORT
379 Analysis of Shareholdings
381  List of Properties
382	 Group’s	Offices
384 Notice of the Fifty-First Annual 
General Meeting
389 Statement Accompanying Notice of the
51st Annual General Meeting
Proxy Form
06 OTHER INFORMATION
INSIDE THIS REPORT
Day and Date : 
Friday, 27 September 2024
Time : 
10.00 a.m.
Broadcast venue : 
Function Room, 
3rd Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re, 
No. 17, Lorong Dungun, Damansara Heights, 
50490 Kuala Lumpur 
Meeting Platform :
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com
51
ST ANNUAL
GENERAL 
MEETING
This report has been published as an interactive PDF, allowing 
readers to move quickly and easily to pages in the report, and 
including shortcuts to related web pages.
LEGEND
Table of
Content
Corporate
Website
Search Next
Page
Previous
Page


---- Page 3 ----
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
32
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
WHO WE ARE WHO WE ARE
Malaysian National Reinsurance Berhad, the country’s national reinsurer was set up in 1972 to reduce the outflow 
of reinsurance premiums overseas. The Company commenced operations on 19 February 1973.
In 2005, as a result of a restructuring exercise within the MNRB Group, the Company’s reinsurance licence, 
business and assets were transferred to its subsidiary company, Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad. Pursuant to the 
restructuring, Malaysian National Reinsurance Berhad became an investment holding company and changed 
its name to MNRB Holdings Berhad (“MNRB”). Today, MNRB is listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad. 
The MNRB Group comprises a leading wholesale provider of reinsurance and retakaful as well as two takaful 
operators. Its reinsurance subsidiary stands tall among the top reinsurers in the region, writing lines of general 
businesses locally and abroad. In Malaysia, its takaful operators are amongst the pioneers in the provision of 
financial protection services based on the takaful system.
The Company has a Share Capital of RM738.5 million.
GROUP TOTAL ASSETS
RM12.6 
BILLION
FY2023: RM11.4 BILLION
GROUP TOTAL REVENUE
RM3.5 
BILLION
FY2023: RM2.8 BILLION
GROUP PROFIT BEFORE TAX
RM505.8 
MILLION
FY2023: RM144.7 MILLION
GROUP PROFIT AFTER TAX
RM433.5 
MILLION
FY2023: RM118.3 MILLION
MARKET CAPITALISATION
RM1.4 
BILLION
as at 29 March 2024
FY2023: RM728.3 MILLION
MNRB SCHOLARSHIP FUND
RM19.2 
MILLION
FY2023: RM18.6 MILLION
FACTS AT A GLANCE


---- Page 4 ----
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
54
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MALAYSIAN RE TAKAFUL IKHLAS FAMILY TAKAFUL IKHLAS GENERAL MALAYSIAN RE (DUBAI)
Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad (“Malaysian Re”) 
is a wholly owned subsidiary of MNRB Holdings 
Berhad. As the national reinsurer, Malaysian Re 
continues to enhance the competitiveness and 
efficiency of the local insurance companies in an 
increasingly globalised marketplace through its 
active involvement in leading and underwriting 
their reinsurance needs. 
Malaysian Re underwrites all classes of general 
reinsurance business as well as general and family 
retakaful businesses through its retakaful division, 
Malaysian Re Retakaful Division. 
Leveraging on its breadth and depth of experience 
and expertise, strong fundamentals and proven 
record of accomplishment, Malaysian Re has 
grown in stature as an international player having 
established a strong market presence in Asia and 
the Middle East. 
Malaysian Re is the largest national reinsurer (by 
asset) in the Southeast Asia region. 
The Company has a Share Capital of RM663.1 
million.
Takaful Ikhlas Sdn. Bhd. was incorporated on  
18 September 2002 and is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of MNRB Holdings Berhad. The Company 
converted its status to Berhad on 5 May 2014. 
On 30 November 2018, the Company announced 
the split of its composite takaful licence into two 
i.e. one for family takaful business and the other for 
general takaful business. The split is in accordance 
with the legislative requirement under the Islamic 
Financial Services Act, 2013 (“IFSA”). 
Pursuant to this, Takaful Ikhlas Berhad was 
renamed Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad (“Takaful 
IKHLAS Family”) and manages the family takaful 
business. The general takaful business is being 
managed by a new entity, Takaful Ikhlas General 
Berhad (“Takaful IKHLAS General”). 
Takaful IKHLAS Family offers a comprehensive 
range of family takaful products and currently 
records more than 250,000 certificate (inforce 
policy) holders as well as more than 3,000 agents. 
The Company has a Share Capital of RM405.0 
million.
Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad (“Takaful IKHLAS 
General”) was incorporated on 5 June 2017 as 
a wholly owned subsidiary of MNRB Holdings 
Berhad, following the legislative requirement 
under the IFSA which requires Takaful Operators 
to separate its family and general takaful licences. 
The Company commenced operations on  
28 November 2018 as the general takaful arm  
of MNRB. 
Takaful IKHLAS General offers a comprehensive 
range of general takaful solutions which comprises 
motor and non-motor general takaful protection 
products. The Company is committed to deliver 
quality services through competent staff and 
effective distribution networks. Its distribution 
channels comprise knowledgeable and well-
trained agents, brokers, financial institutions, 
motor franchise holders and cooperatives as well 
as the digital platform. 
Takaful IKHLAS General currently records more 
than 1.5 million registered certificate (policy) 
holders and more than 3,000 agents. 
The Company has a Share Capital of RM230.0 
million.
Malaysian Re (Dubai) Ltd. (“MRDL”), a wholly 
owned subsidiary of MNRB Holdings Berhad, was 
incorporated on 7 December 2006 in Dubai, the 
United Arab Emirates. Its office is situated within 
the strategic Dubai International Financial Centre 
(“DIFC”) and regulated by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (“DFSA”). 
MRDL was engaged in developing business for its 
sister company, Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad 
(“Malaysian Re”), with a primary function of 
developing relationships with clients around the 
Middle East and North Africa (“MENA”) and Indian 
regions and to provide services and underwriting 
support to them.
As part of strategic realignment of Malaysian 
Re’s business direction and centralisation 
of underwriting in Malaysia, the abovesaid 
functions will be discontinued and that the client  
management will be directly undertaken from 
Malaysian Re’s office in Kuala Lumpur. As 
announced to Bursa Malaysia on 23 July 2024,  
the members’ voluntary winding up is in progress.
KEY BUSINESS ENTITIESKEY BUSINESS ENTITIES


---- Page 5 ----
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
76
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MMIP Services 
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysian Re 
(Dubai) Ltd.
Sinar Seroja 
Berhad
Motordata  
Research Consortium  
Sdn. Bhd.*
100.0% 100.0% 100.0%40.0%
GROUP CORPORATE STRUCTURE
Malaysian 
Reinsurance Berhad
Labuan Reinsurance 
(L) Ltd.*
Takaful Ikhlas 
General Berhad
Takaful Ikhlas 
Family Berhad
CORPORATE INFORMATION
PRESIDENT & GROUP CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Zaharudin Daud
COMPANY SECRETARY
Lena Abd Latif (LS 0008766)  
(SSM PC NO. 201908002386)
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Khalid Sufat (Chairman)
George Oommen 
Junaidah Mohd Said 
GROUP NOMINATION & 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Zaida Khalida Shaari (Chairman)
Junaidah Mohd Said
Khalid Sufat
Permanent invitees:
Ooi Bee Hong
(representative from Takaful Ikhlas  
Family Berhad)
Dr. Wan Zamri Wan Ismail 
(representative from Takaful Ikhlas  
General Berhad)
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
OF THE BOARD
George Oommen (Chairman)
Dato’ Wan Roshdi Wan Musa
Datuk Johar Che Mat 
Zaida Khalida Shaari
Chin See Mei  
(Appointed w.e.f. 1 October 2023)
GROUP INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
Dato’ Wan Roshdi Wan Musa 
(Chairman)
Datuk Johar Che Mat 
George Oommen
Dato’ Amirudin Abdul Halim
Zaharudin Daud
Datin Joanne Marie Lopez
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
Main Market of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad
Stock Name : MNRB
Stock Code : 6459
Stock Sector : Financial Services
AUDITORS
Messrs Ernst & Young PLT 
202006000003  
(LLP0022760-LCA) & AF 0039
Chartered Accountants
Level 23A, Menara Milenium
Jalan Damanlela
Pusat Bandar Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +603-7495 8000
Fax : +603-2095 5332
SHARE REGISTRAR
Boardroom Share Registrars  
Sdn Bhd 
11th Floor, Menara Symphony 
No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim
Seksyen 13
46200 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel : +603-7890 4700 
Fax : +603-7890 4670
Email : bsr.helpdesk@ 
  boardroomlimited.com
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Ambank (M) Berhad 
Ambank Islamic Berhad
Malayan Banking Berhad 
Maybank Islamic Berhad
Standard Chartered Bank  
Malaysia Berhad 
Standard Chartered Saadiq Berhad
CIMB Bank Berhad 
CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
REGISTERED OFFICE
12th Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re
No. 17, Lorong Dungun
Damansara Heights
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +603-2096 8000
Fax : +603-2096 7000
E-mail : enquiry@mnrb.com.my
Website : www.mnrb.com.my
Investor relations : ir@mnrb.com.my
Social media : https://www.linkedin. 
 com/company/ 
 mnrb-group/
DATUK JOHAR CHE MAT
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Chairman
GEORGE OOMMEN
Senior Independent  
Non-Executive Director
KHALID SUFAT
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
JUNAIDAH MOHD SAID
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
ZAIDA KHALIDA SHAARI
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
DATO’ WAN ROSHDI  
WAN MUSA
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
CHIN SEE MEI
Independent  
Non-Executive Director
(Appointed w.e.f.  
1 October 2023)
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
100.0% 100.0%100.0%
20.0%
* Associate Company


---- Page 6 ----
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
98
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
OUR 
GROWTH 
DRIVERS
OUR BUSINESS MODEL OUR BUSINESS MODEL
Our growth drivers 
are strategically 
focused to achieve 
the respective aims 
of our business pillars 
in Malaysia and our 
overseas markets:
Our business is positioned 
on two main pillars:  
Family and General Takaful 
in Malaysia as well as 
Reinsurance and Retakaful 
in Malaysian and overseas 
markets
The Group supports these pillars with our various 
business enablers that perform diverse functions,  
e.g. information technology, human capital, finance and 
risk management, amongst others.
OUR BUSINESS PILLARS
Family General
Domestic International
VALUE CREATION FOR 
OUR STAKEHOLDERS
Our People
• Exciting career paths and 
systematic professional 
development
• Competitive remuneration 
and benefits
Our Shareholders
• Share price appreciation 
and dividends
Our Customers
•  Balancing risk and 
opportunities, providing 
financial protection for 
continuity of lives and 
livelihoods
Our Regulators
• Development of local and 
international insurance 
and takaful markets
Our Communities
•  Supporting economic 
growth
•  Promoting economic, 
societal and 
environmental resilience
Talented and
Dedicated Personnel
Solid
Capitalisation
Sustainability
Commitment
Robust Risk
Managem
ent
Our personnel are 
encouraged to think 
creatively and are 
empowered to act judiciously 
in their everyday dealings to 
create a lean and effective 
organisation
We actively promote for 
sustainable ecosystem by 
mitigating impact, capturing 
opportunities and enhancing 
trust by communicating our 
sustainability initiatives
We actively manage 
risk through a clear risk 
management framework 
that identifies, measures 
and mitigates the risks 
that we are willing to 
tolerate
The Group’s solid 
capitalisation forms a 
critical foundation for 
our business growth and 
profitability
1
2 3
S1
S2
S3
S4
S5
4
Domestic 
Takaful
Reinsurance 
and 
Retakaful


---- Page 7 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
1110
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
GROUP CODE OF ETHICS
The Code promotes a culture of compliance, professionalism, ethical standards and responsible conduct among 
its Board of Directors (including Group Shariah Committee members), management, employees and stakeholders, 
as well as third parties, and discourages any conduct that may have an adverse impact to the Group. It makes 
references to the underlying Group policies and procedures, which offers specific ethical and legal guidance to 
assist the Group in making business decisions professionally, prudently and legitimately.
Uphold the highest standard 
of personal integrity and 
professionalism of MNRB 
Group.
MNRB GROUP’S STAND AGAINST CORRUPTION
The Group has adopted a zero-tolerance approach 
against all forms of bribery and corruption. We are 
committed to conduct our business in accordance with 
all applicable laws, rules and regulations at the highest 
ethical standards. The Group has established its Group 
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy (“ABC Policy”) to show 
its commitment in combatting corruption and to support 
the National Anti-Corruption Plan (“NACP”) initiated by 
the Government.
THE FOUNDATIONS ON HOW WE DO BUSINESS AS  
A GROUP
The Group runs its business based on:
i. Integrity, intelligence, care and professionalism;
ii. Equal opportunities and non-discrimination to all;
iii. Zero-tolerance on any type of harassment and 
violence;
iv. Safe and sound working environment;
v. Ethical internal and external communication;
vi. Proper dealing with confidential information; and
vii. Commitment towards sustainable development
DEALING WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Group always act with the best interests of the 
Group and stakeholders in mind. In no way should a staff 
personally profit from transactions based on his/her role
 
or position in the Group. Potential conflicts of interest 
should be avoided, either real or perceived.
The Group is committed to comply with the anti-money 
laundering and counter financing of terrorism rules and 
regulations by prohibiting and actively prevent any 
activity that facilitates money laundering and financing 
of terrorism.
As a responsible corporate citizen, we are committed 
to contributing to the well-being of the people and 
the country. It is important that all Corporate Social 
Responsibility (“CSR”), sponsorships and donations are 
made in accordance with the Group policies.
Please refer to https://www.mnrb.com.my/about-us/
corporate-governance/code-of-ethics for detailed 
information on the MNRB Group Code of Ethics.
Ensure compliance with 
the regulatory rules and 
regulations as well as all 
the internal policies and 
procedures;
Uphold the reputation of 
the Group and maintain 
public confidence; and
The purpose of this Code is to:
1
 2
 3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
A STELLAR PERFORMANCE AMIDST MODERATING 
ECONOMIC GROWTH
In 2023, the global economy demonstrated resilience 
registering 3.2% GDP growth, slightly down from 2022, 
amid a notable disinflation trend. At the same time, 
Malaysia’s economy moderated to 3.7% from 8.7% as the 
nation contended with a host of challenges including 
elevated interest rates, geopolitical tensions and supply 
chain disruptions. While domestic growth continued to 
be supported by robust domestic demand and improved 
labour market conditions, investor sentiment was 
dampened by global trade issues and monetary policies, 
leading to a 3.9% depreciation of the Malaysian Ringgit 
against the US Dollar. 
Amidst this backdrop of moderating growth, the MNRB 
Group remained resolute, expanding its businesses 
across all entities and investing in people, platforms and 
partnerships to secure sustainable, long-term growth. 
FY2024 saw us making significant strides on multiple 
Dear Valued 
Shareholders, 
On behalf of the Board 
of Directors of MNRB 
Holdings Berhad  
(“MNRB” or “the Group”), 
it is my pleasure and a 
privilege to present to 
you our Annual Report 
for	the	financial	year	
ended 31 March 2024 
(“FY2024”). 
fronts. Our comprehensive reinsurance and takaful 
offerings enabled us to strengthen our market position, 
ensuring our partners and stakeholders reaped the 
benefits of our expertise and unwavering dedication to 
service excellence.
I am both humbled and elated to report that, as a result 
of the synergistic efforts across the Group, MNRB 
delivered its best-ever performance in its 50-year 
history. FY2024’s record-breaking performance saw us 
growing our gross written premiums and contributions 
by a commendable 17.7% to touch RM4.0 billion, while 
our Insurance and Takaful revenue grew by a robust 
22.8% to reach RM3.1 billion. Meanwhile, the Group’s 
profit after tax surged by a stellar 266.4% to RM433.5 
million driven by our reinsurance/retakaful business, 
which contributed RM388.4 million due to vigorous 
underwriting and investment performance. Additionally, 
the takaful segment’s solid fundamentals and operational 
efficiencies bolstered our profitability.
DATUK JOHAR CHE MAT 
Chairman


---- Page 8 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
1312
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTCHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
For more details on the financial and operational 
performance of the Group and its subsidiaries turn 
to the Management Discussion & Analysis (“MD&A”) 
section within this Annual Report.
market fluctuations. Its agility and strategic adaptability 
are enabling it to leverage its strengths, optimise its 
operations, and capitalise on emerging opportunities, 
ensuring that it remains resilient and competitive in all 
market environments.
Malaysian Re also continues to contribute significantly 
to the Group’s inflow of foreign business, with 
approximately 60.0% of its gross premium written 
emanating from overseas markets. Through strategic 
initiatives and expertise, the company has successfully 
entered international markets, attracting significant 
business. As the Group diversifies its revenue streams, 
we are strengthening our global presence while ensuring 
a steady inflow of foreign business to support our overall 
growth and sustainability.
For Takaful IKHLAS General, the significant boost 
in its profit after tax was driven by solid production 
growth which was boosted by several factors, including 
strong expansion in both Motor and Non-Motor lines, 
with growth recorded by all distribution channels. The 
business saw impressive double-digit growth in its 
gross contributions, particularly from its Direct channel, 
largely driven by improvements in our online platform, 
digital partnerships, and over-the-counter transactions 
facilitated by the IKHLAS GO Direct ecosystem.
Meanwhile, Takaful IKHLAS Family prioritised 
consolidating its operations, focusing on recalibrating 
its business model. This involved conducting thorough 
product reviews and repricing strategies, enhancing 
capital efficiency, strengthening regular premium 
offerings, optimising product mix, and bolstering 
distribution channels. Notwithstanding industry-wide 
challenges and the family takaful business’ long-
haul nature, Takaful IKHLAS Family’s agency channel 
remained a pivotal contributor to its overall business 
performance.
The family takaful business operates in a highly 
competitive environment. As it strives to capture market 
share from its competitors with substantial financial 
resources, it will adopt innovative strategies to ensure 
long-term sustainability. This involves not only focusing 
on immediate business growth but also on rebuilding 
and strengthening its operational structures and support 
systems. 
In tandem with market headwinds, our investment  
results rose by an impressive 67.1% to touch RM601.0 
million – a five-year high that delivered a yield of  
5.8%. This growth, primarily concentrated in the 
Malaysian market, was mainly attributable to the  
strategic alignment of our investment portfolio, 
trading strategies, and asset allocation. Through 
prudent underwriting of our business portfolio, capital 
management strategies and robust investment growth, 
our total financial assets increased by 12.1% to RM11.1 
billion. All in all, MNRB achieved a healthy return on equity 
(“ROE”) of 14.8%, demonstrating strong performance 
across all business segments. In essence, our focus on 
pursuing topline growth alongside sustainable bottom 
line performance yielded outstanding results in FY2024.
This performance is all the more remarkable given that 
it was achieved despite external factors that influenced 
investor sentiment, causing exchange rate volatility and 
reducing interest in riskier assets. Thankfully, despite 
the Ringgit weakening against the US Dollar due to 
aggressive rate hikes by major central banks, political 
stability and key national economic plans provided 
clarity on economic growth and initiated a positive 
turnaround in investor sentiment.
Several factors contributed to the Group’s strong 
financial performance in FY2024. 
The commendable performance by Malaysian Re, our 
reinsurance and retakaful arm, was attributable to 
the strategic initiatives undertaken on the domestic 
treaty front following the Great Malaysian Flood in 
2021. The measures, which facilitated appropriate 
pricing adjustments, reinforced underwriting discipline, 
and improved risk selection processes, delivered the 
anticipated results. Additionally, the company’s growth 
strategy of diversifying into international markets led to 
an increase in its Managing General Agents (“MGAs”) 
and specialty lines portfolios, contributing to our overall 
growth trajectory.
Building on these successful strategies, Malaysian Re 
continues to implement a comprehensive approach that 
is allowing it to effectively capture business opportunities 
amidst both hard and soft market conditions. By 
carefully analysing market trends and adjusting its 
approach accordingly, the company has positioned 
itself to maximise growth and profitability regardless of 
The success of the Group’s performance in FY2024  
bears testament to the exceptional dedication and 
hard work of our Management and employees. Their 
unwavering commitment and relentless efforts were 
instrumental in enabling us to effectively execute our 
strategies, achieve our financial goals and reinforce our 
market position. 
Over the years, our people have resiliently overcome 
significant challenges including issues stemming from 
legacy systems, the global COVID-19 pandemic and 
natural disasters such as the Great Malaysian Flood. As 
a group, we have emerged stronger by continuously 
learning and adapting to the evolving circumstances. 
Our ability to navigate these challenges and maintain 
our growth trajectory is a testament to Team MNRB’s 
unwavering tenacity, astute strategic planning and 
continuous commitment to excellence. 
As we embrace the next phase of our journey to success, 
we do so with renewed optimism, a mounting sense of 
excitement, and a steadfast determination to overcome 
challenges and capitalise on available opportunities. 
While FY2024’s achievements underscore our potential, 
they represent only the beginning. Rest assured that 
we will not rest on our laurels but will continue to 
push forward to maintain if not exceed our growth 
performance. Guided by an enhanced strategic 
vision, our people are all set to tap the Group’s latent 
potential. As we prudently pursue new pathways of 
prosperity, we are confident of forging a path towards 
a brighter, more sustainable future for all.
FOCUSED ON SUSTAINABLE VALUE CREATION
Rewarding Our Shareholders 
As we strive to create sustainable value for all the 
Group’s stakeholders, MNRB’s Board recognises the 
crucial importance of rewarding our shareholders for 
their unwavering trust in us. This, however, must be 
balanced with the Group’s future capital requirements 
to ensure sustainable growth across our reinsurance, 
retakaful, and takaful businesses, in alignment with 
regulatory capital requirements. All dividend payments 
are also subject to the prior approval of Bank Negara 
Malaysia.


---- Page 9 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
1514
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTCHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
For the finer details of our efforts to strengthen the 
Group’s capabilities, turn to the MD&A section within 
this Annual Report.
Our track record of consistent dividend payments 
reflects our strong financial health and dedication 
to shareholder value. With the Group’s exceptional 
performance in FY2024 as well as our proven capability 
and commitment to reliable dividend payout, we are 
determined to maintain this trajectory. This reaffirms our 
pledge to pay out competitive dividends that enhance 
shareholders’ satisfaction while also supporting our 
long-term growth.
For FY2023, the Group made a significant dividend 
payout amounting to RM34.8 million, reflecting our 
robust financial health and growth for the financial 
year. This was supported by dividends received from 
our operating entities. Our Family and General takaful 
entities have consistently provided strong dividends 
over the past years. This consistent performance has 
been bolstered by our reinsurance/retakaful entity, 
which continues to provide dividends generated mainly 
from the non-VC business, highlighting the strength and 
diversification of our business model and ensuring stable 
returns for our investors. 
Expanding the Group’s Capabilities
For more than 50 years, we have diligently upheld our 
promise of “protecting everyone” by remaining agile 
and adaptable, constructively steering our organisation 
to meet the diverse needs of our stakeholders while 
staying relevant amidst the evolving marketplace. 
Through modernisation, customer service excellence, 
digitalisation, strategic collaboration and the adoption 
of market best practices in other areas, MNRB is 
committed to fostering a forward-looking organisation 
that embraces innovation for sustainable value creation. 
Throughout FY2024, we implemented several measures 
across all business lines to ensure long-term sustainable 
growth.
Strengthening Ongoing Transformation
In FY2024, we continued with our initiatives under the 
Group Transformation Programme (“GTP”). Malaysian 
Re continues to roll out the strategic objectives under its 
Business Remodelling exercise, which aims to accelerate 
the company’s growth and diversification of its business 
portfolio. This includes expansion into non-traditional 
segments such as Managing General Agents (“MGA”), 
specialty lines and family retakaful. As the Business 
Remodelling plan continues in FY2025, the priority 
remains in rebalancing the portfolio through better risk 
selections.
The Agency Transformation Programme aims to improve 
our family takaful agency structure and benefits to 
match industry standards, boosting competitiveness 
and attracting new recruits. Efforts to intensify agent 
recruitment, enhance agency and commission structures, 
as well as rejuvenate the IKHLAS Academy to drive 
agency performance are currently ongoing.
Takaful IKHLAS’ Branch Transformation project, 
which aims to bolster the Group’s digital presence by 
expanding our Virtual IKHLAS Points (“VIP”), is designed 
to enrich agent outreach and provide our customers 
with enhanced flexibility, accessibility, and personalised 
service experiences. In FY2024, in response to favourable 
market reception, we expanded our VIP network by 
adding five new branches to the existing 10. 
Our general takaful business continued its claims 
transformation journey with a focus on the identification 
and management of fraudulent claims, by intensifying its 
in-house assessment capabilities and fraud investigation 
functions. We further introduced an innovative claims 
automation feature for the flight-delay benefit under the 
IKHLAS Secure Travel plan. This enhancement prioritises 
consumer convenience and ensures a seamless claims 
experience, reinforcing our value proposition as a 
reliable travel protection provider. 
We also embarked on Takaful IKHLAS’ brand refresh 
initiative to solidify our presence in the market. We 
have intensified promotional and media engagement 
activities, thereby amplifying our IKHLAS value to 
unlock new growth opportunities and drive sustainable 
business. Our promotional efforts include leveraging 
both traditional and digital media collaborations and 
overhead billboard advertisements to create a resonant 
brand presence that echoes across diverse platforms and 
solidifies IKHLAS as a synonym for trust and reliability in 
takaful solutions.
Advancing Innovation and Digitalisation
We have made significant strides in advancing our 
digital ecosystem, particularly GO by Takaful IKHLAS,  
by integrating more robotic and digital process 
automation solutions to optimise processes and  
enhance the customer experience. The rollout of 
robotic process automation (“RPA”) and digital process 
automation (“DPA”) solutions across various back-office 
functions, including finance, operations, and claims 
management, has significantly improved operational 
efficiency, facilitated fraud management, supported 
product innovation, and increased productivity. 
Additionally, our investment in data analytics has helped 
us maintain a competitive edge in pricing strategy and 
customer experience enhancement.
In FY2024, we launched a two-phase Digital Roadside 
Assistance (“DRA”) initiative and deployed the DRA App 
for tow truck drivers, along with a back-office platform 
for Takaful IKHLAS’ roadside assistance providers. 
These advancements, which provide more customer 
touchpoints and comprehensive roadside assistance 
benefits, have led to increased demand for our services. 
Takaful IKHLAS General also became the first takaful 
operator to offer both digital road tax services and 
motor takaful quotations in a single step.
Efforts are underway to redesign our contact centres, 
implement digital processes, and enhance a customer 
relationship management (“CRM”) suite and customer 
portal for Takaful IKHLAS. These initiatives aim to 
foster a customer-centric culture and ensure a seamless 
customer journey. Our ongoing Enterprise Data 
Warehouse (“EDW”) initiative continues to evolve, 
providing accurate and relevant consumer information, 
and facilitating predictive and propensity analytics for 
an enhanced value proposition. 
We continue to introduce new products to cater to 
market demand. Takaful IKHLAS Family launched three 
new bancatakaful advisory products, namely Banca 
Ilhamku, Banca Bersama and Banca Keyman, each 
strategically designed to meet distinct market needs 
and further solidify bancatakaful partnerships as a key 
contributor towards financial inclusion. These products 
also reflect the efforts to elevate the regular contribution 
segment by enhancing growth in advisory businesses. 
Moving forward, we are committed to enhancing 
our product development initiatives. This involves 
conducting thorough market research, identifying 
customer needs and preferences, innovating new 
offerings, and refining existing products to ensure 
they remain competitive and aligned with evolving 
market trends. Our goal is to continually strengthen 
our product portfolio to better serve our customers 
and drive sustained growth in the marketplace.
Prioritising Strategic Partnerships
To expand our market reach and drive growth and 
profitability, the Group continues to prioritise strategic 
partnerships. These partnerships are going a long way, 
enabling us to leverage value-based synergies, enhance 
our capabilities, deliver superior customer value, and 
strengthen our market presence. In the bancatakaful 
arena, independent of banking affiliations, our team 
has been actively establishing new partnerships with 
banks and other financial institutions, using digital 
platforms to boost sales efficiency. The IKHLAS 
GO Prime and GO Financial platforms have been 
leveraged for all bancatakaful partners to streamline 
sales processes. 
Throughout FY2024, our takaful subsidiaries entered 
into various strategic agreements. For instance, Takaful 
IKHLAS Family signed a Distribution Agreement with 
Co-opbank Pertama to offer credit-related coverage 
and the IKHLAS Idaman product. In collaboration with 
MBSB Bank, they launched the Group Credit Term 
Takaful product, specifically the Ihsan EPF Scheme, 
catering to EPF members’ demand for alternative 
takaful products. 
Takaful IKHLAS General went on to secure several 
partnerships through bancatakaful and agency 
channels, including a five-year partnership with Bank 
Rakyat for houseowner/fire takaful, alliances with Skim 
Insurans Rakyat Selangor (“INSAN”) and Koperasi 
Imigresen Malaysia (“KOPIM”), and the establishment 
of a panel-ship with Bank Islam. These efforts highlight 
the general takaful business’ commitment to expanding 
its market presence and providing comprehensive 
takaful solutions to a diverse customer base.


---- Page 10 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
1716
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTCHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
For the finer details relating to our corporate governance  
practices, please turn to our Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement.
For further information regarding our 
sustainability efforts, please turn to 
our Sustainability Statement within this 
Annual Report.
In Support of the Insurance Industry
MNRB takes its stewardship role as the custodian of 
the reinsurance industry very seriously. We remain 
committed to playing a leadership role and offering 
products, services and educational tools that positively 
impact stakeholders and markets. Our goal is to meet 
the diverse needs of our stakeholders, act as a reliable 
partner, and promote a keen Environmental, Social, and 
Governance (“ESG”) consciousness among industry 
players.
MNRB’s commitment to sustainability is also evident 
through active participation in industry working 
committees and collaborations on platforms like Bursa 
Malaysia’s Public Listed Companies Transformation 
(“PLCT”) initiative, PNB’s Sustainability Sub Committee, 
the Joint Committee on Climate Change (“JC3”), and the 
Malaysian Takaful Association’s (“MTA”) sustainability 
measures. Our strategic leadership and subject matter 
expertise aim to drive positive change and contribute to 
sustainable development and climate risk management 
among insurance industry players.
Malaysian Re continues to actively pursue key 
sustainability initiatives at the regional level. In 
December 2023, at the 5th ASEAN Insurance Summit in 
Ha Long, Vietnam, Malaysian Re facilitated the signing of 
a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) to establish 
the ASEAN Renewable Energy Pool (“AREP”). This 
initiative, supported by ASEAN Reinsurance Working 
Committee (“ARWC”) members, aims to provide reliable 
coverage for renewable energy projects, ensuring 
diversified portfolios and steady premium income for 
reinsurers/insurers. AREP promotes knowledge sharing 
and strengthens regional resilience against climate 
change, underscoring MNRB’s vision to drive positive 
change and advance sustainability best practices in the 
industry.
As Malaysia’s national reinsurer, Malaysian Re engages 
with industry players through technical training and 
knowledge-sharing sessions. In FY2024, Malaysian Re 
organised 13 complimentary market training programmes, 
including those which incorporate ESG elements. These 
programmes, run by the Market Services Department of 
Malaysian Re, empower industry talent and strengthen 
industry resilience amidst evolving market trends. They 
are designed to equip participants with essential industry 
knowledge and skills, fostering sustainability awareness 
tailored to the nuances of the insurance industry. The 
details of these training initiatives can be found in the 
Sustainability Statement within this Annual Report.
Malaysian Re also leads and engages through its 
publications. In December 2023, Malaysian Re launched 
ASEAN Insurance Pulse 2023 at the 5th ASEAN Insurance 
Summit. This report delves into the impact of inflation 
on ASEAN insurers, examining their challenges, 
preparedness, and policyholders’ needs. In March 2024, 
Malaysian Re published the 6th issue of Foresights, titled 
“The Overview of Agriculture Insurance Prospects in 
Malaysia.” This edition explores agriculture insurance 
prospects, marine cargo claims, underground facilities, 
electric vehicles, and homeowner policies. It further 
highlights agriculture’s significant contribution to 
Malaysia’s GDP and employment.
Integrating Sustainability in Greater Measure
MNRB is committed to balancing our strong economic 
performance with positive ESG considerations, targeting 
to become a Net Zero Carbon organisation by 2050 as 
outlined in our enhanced Group Sustainability Roadmap. 
In FY2024, we implemented our Sustainability Investing 
Guide to reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions in 
our investment portfolios and support securities with a 
positive ESG impact. 
ESG considerations remain essential components of 
our decision-making processes, and we actively align 
our operations with marketplace best practices. Our 
sustainability endeavours embrace the value-based 
intermediation (“VBI”) agenda, which aligns with 
Maqasid Shariah, upholding universal well-being and the 
avoidance of harm. The VBI agenda mandates financial 
institutions to enhance their business value propositions 
by taking care of the well-being of people by preserving 
faith, lives, posterity, intellect, and wealth. 
The Group Sustainability Roadmap, complementing 
the Group Sustainability Policy, serves as the primary 
reference for all sustainability efforts within our 
organisation. It outlines the structured planning, 
implementation, measurement, monitoring, and 
disclosure of sustainability initiatives, founded on 
Maqasid Shariah and reflecting our corporate core value 
of “We Protect Everyone”.
In FY2024, we continued to roll out a host 
of tangible ESG measures, many of which 
are ongoing. In the area of environmental 
stewardship, we are actively identifying 
baselines for waste and resource 
management, assessing our carbon 
footprint to manage emissions across our 
business and value chain, and developing 
a comprehensive climate transition plan 
post-GHG assessment. Our investment 
policies now incorporate ESG assessment 
approaches, enabling us to manage 
climate-related risks within our investment 
portfolio effectively.
Our commitment to social responsibility 
is evident through initiatives such as 
Program Lestari Cemerlang, the MNRB 
scholarship, and our shariah-compliant 
social platform, IKHLAS Barakah House 
(“IBH”). These efforts serve to enhance 
community resilience by ensuring access 
to quality education, vital medical care, and 
other essential services. On the employee 
engagement front, we foster a supportive 
work environment that encourages 
growth and development, equipping our 
workforce with the necessary skills and 
knowledge to navigate future challenges 
and opportunities. We prioritise the 
safety, health, and overall well-being of 
our employees, recognising that a healthy 
workforce is fundamental to our success.
Moving forward, the Group will adopt 
a more proactive stance towards 
sustainability, surpassing mere compliance 
to safeguarding business growth and 
stakeholders’ interests, while fostering 
social and economic justice within its 
operational space and ensuring a measured 
and steady progress of our Sustainability 
Commitments. 
CHAMPIONING GOOD GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
MNRB’s Board recognises that good governance translates into good 
business and is genuinely committed to ensuring that the Group and 
its people operate in a responsible, ethical and transparent manner. 
To this end, we continue to embed best corporate governance 
practices and internal controls throughout the length and breadth 
of our organisation. This has turned into a considerable competitive 
advantage and has strengthened our resilience in the industry. 
MNRB continues to align with and uphold the latest regulatory 
guidelines and recommendations issued by Bank Negara Malaysia, 
the Securities Commission Malaysia and Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad. Policies and procedures such as the Group Anti-Bribery 
and Corruption Policy, Group Code of Ethics, Group Whistleblowing 
Policy, and Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of 
Terrorism (“AMLCFT”) Policy, among others, are firmly in place. 
These, together with the related processes we have established and 
implemented, serve as guardrails that ensure our business operations 
remain on track in our journey of responsible stewardship. They also 
assist all parties linked to MNRB to have a better grasp of their 
responsibilities in upholding the Group’s mandate and reputation.


---- Page 11 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
1918
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTCHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS FOR FY2025
Moving forward into FY2025, the MNRB Group is poised 
for a promising future despite a complex global and 
domestic economic landscape. In 2024, global insurance 
premiums are expected to rise, with improvements in 
profitability due to better pricing, higher interest rates, 
and reduced claims severity. The life insurance sector is 
anticipated to grow, driven by rising wages and interest 
rates in advanced markets. The global reinsurance 
market remains stable, supported by significant rate 
improvements in property lines and increased demand 
for coverage due to heightened catastrophic loss activity 
and rising investment income.
Domestically, the Malaysian insurance and takaful 
industry anticipates modest growth, underpinned by the 
uncertainties surrounding interest rates, the weakening 
Ringgit, increasing household debt and inflationary 
pressure. Despite these interlocking challenges, 
improving awareness on medical and weather event 
coverage is expected to drive takaful growth, pointing to 
stable growth in industry profitability and capitalisation.
Looking ahead, MNRB is fully committed to braving these 
challenges and securing the long-term sustainability 
of our business entities in terms of top-line growth 
and profitability. Taking into consideration the diverse 
needs and challenges of our business entities, we have 
tailored several strategic initiatives that will leverage 
the synergies of the Group’s businesses to successfully 
overcome competitive obstacles, including the ones 
faced by our family takaful business. These strategies 
are also crafted with the supporting objective of driving 
a turnaround in the performance our family takaful 
business. 
These strategic initiatives include conducting 
collaborative exercises across the Group’s diverse entities 
to make the most of opportunities for MNRB’s benefit. 
We aim to optimise operational processes to improve 
efficiency and consistently enhance profitability and 
increase the returns on invested capital. We also remain 
committed to fostering a culture of experimentation 
and continuous improvement to explore innovative 
methodologies and approaches.
With the dual aims of promoting a collaborative culture 
and driving efficiency, we have established a robust 
group-wide Capital Management Plan. This plan involves 
leveraging the expertise of entities like Malaysian Re, 
optimising tax efficiency, and driving the Group’s 
overall performance. It also allows us to explore the full 
potential of MNRB as a group and sustain our capital 
adequacy level, without the need for additional capital, 
whilst managing an accelerated business trajectory.
Another key objective is to prioritise exceptional 
customer experiences in all interactions, including 
onboarding, claims, and service delivery. We continue to 
leverage technology for effective customer engagement 
by utilising agent and partner apps, facilitating online 
transactions, and implementing digital marketing 
strategies. We constantly gather and analyse customer 
feedback to assess satisfaction levels and refine our 
services. This valuable feedback is a great help in 
improving customer experience as well as driving cross-
sell and up-sell initiatives to increase customer product 
holdings.
Paramount to our success is a focus on recruiting and 
retaining a pool of talent with the essential skills and 
positive attitudes. To this end, we will steadfastly uphold 
a values-driven culture throughout our organisation, 
ensuring alignment and commitment from every team 
member. Our leadership leads by example, promoting 
and reinforcing the right behaviours across the 
organisation.
As a conscientious industry player and the national 
reinsurer, and in line with championing the agenda 
of sustainability, we remain deeply committed to 
embedding ESG principles into every aspect of our daily 
operations. We will continue to proactively assess and 
address the impact of climate change on an ongoing 
basis, implementing measures to mitigate associated 
risks. Our contributions to the community and strong 
governance practices further solidify our dedication to 
responsible business practices.
The Group is well-prepared to navigate the challenging 
global and domestic economic environment and seize 
opportunities stemming from market demand by 
a broad customer base seeking Shariah-compliant 
offerings and ethical financial solutions. Our strategic 
foresight in making the most of risks associated with 
natural catastrophes and market volatility further 
solidifies our position and primes us to capitalise on 
sustainable growth and value creation opportunities for 
our stakeholders. 
With this as a backdrop, MNRB’s Board remains 
cautiously optimistic about the Group’s prospects 
moving forward. Our focus will be on delivering another 
resilient performance in FY2025.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
MNRB owes a debt of gratitude to all who have 
contributed to our good success thus far and we wish to 
acknowledge them for their worthy support.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like 
to express our deepest appreciation to our valued 
shareholders for your continued confidence and support 
in MNRB amidst the challenges of our industry. Our 
sincere gratitude also goes to our esteemed customers, 
business partners, cedants and intermediaries.  
Your faith in us and invaluable support have enabled us 
to attain the landmark results we celebrate today, and 
we look forward to bolstering our mutually beneficial 
relationships. Our utmost appreciation also goes to the 
many regulators and industry associations who have 
unreservedly guided and aided us in our endeavours. We 
look forward to solidifying our close collaboration and 
advancing our industry.
Our accomplishments to date could not have been 
possible without the invaluable support of our loyal 
Management Team and employees. We are truly grateful 
for your resilience, hard work and the spirit of excellence 
that you continue to demonstrate, all of which have been 
instrumental in enabling the Group to achieve record 
results. 
Last but not least, I wish to convey my sincere 
appreciation to my colleagues on the Board for their 
wise counsel and astute insights which helped the Group 
navigate the year’s challenges and deliver very fruitful 
outcomes.
Please join me in welcoming onboard Ms. Chin See 
Mei who was appointed as an Independent and Non-
Executive Director of MNRB on 1 October 2023. She 
brings to the table a wealth of experience having served 
in diverse areas at IBM Corporation for over three 
decades. The Board and MNRB are already benefitting 
from the addition of her skills and perspectives. We are 
confident that given our enlarged and diverse Board, the 
MNRB Group will continue to prosper and achieve new 
heights of success.
As we venture forth, we are excited about the prospects 
that lie ahead as well as the opportunities to reinforce 
our market position, strengthen our relationships 
and influence the sustainable growth of Malaysia’s 
reinsurance and takaful segments. 
As the Board focuses on steering MNRB towards 
continued success, profitability and sustainable 
development, I call upon all our stakeholders to lend us 
their unwavering support. Thank you. 
On behalf of the Board, 
Datuk Johar Che Mat 
Chairman
31 July 2024
MNRB is fully committed to braving these challenges and securing 
the long-term sustainability of our business entities in terms of  
top-line growth and profitability.


---- Page 12 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
2120
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY REVIEW AND PROSPECTSECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY REVIEW
AND PROSPECTS
also play a critical role. Key projects and focus areas 
outlined in major national master plans, such as the 
New Industrial Master Plan 2030 (NIMP 2030) and the 
National Energy Transition Roadmap (NETR), will drive 
investment in infrastructure and strategic industries. 
These include sectors such as electrical and electronics 
(E&E), chemicals, pharmaceuticals, advanced materials, 
renewable energy, and electric vehicles. The long-term 
nature of these investments ensures sustained positive 
impacts on the economy.
Headline inflation is expected to remain moderate, 
averaging between 2.0% and 3.5% in 2024 (2023: 2.5%). 
This forecast range accounts for potential inflationary 
pressures that could arise from the implementation of 
fuel subsidy rationalization. Controlled cost pressures 
and effective policy measures are anticipated to help 
maintain moderate inflation levels.
The global and Malaysian economies face a complex mix 
of challenges and opportunities in 2024. While global 
growth is expected to remain modest, declining inflation 
rates and strategic investments in key sectors will support 
economic stability and growth. In Malaysia, domestic 
demand, household spending, and strategic investments 
under national initiatives are poised to drive economic 
growth. With a focus on innovation and sustainable 
development, Malaysia is well-positioned to navigate 
the uncertainties of the global economic landscape and 
achieve its growth objectives.
THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY
2023 in Review
Global premiums in non-life and life insurance are 
projected to rise by 1.1% in real terms in 2023, following 
a 1.1% decline in 2022. Despite modest growth, premium 
volumes are expected to reach a record high of USD 7.1 
trillion in 2023, up from USD 6.8 trillion in 2022. 
Key factors supporting industry profitability include 
rising rates in property and casualty insurance, improved 
combined ratios, and enhanced investment returns due to 
higher interest rates. Non-life insurance is anticipated to 
see premium growth strengthen to 1.4% in real terms this 
year, up from a 0.5% increase in 2022. This improvement 
will be driven primarily by rate hardening in personal 
insurance and sustained price strength in commercial lines. 
Additionally, the motor insurance market is projected to 
return to growth after three years of contraction, spurred 
by rising premium prices. However, overall growth in 
premium volumes will be offset by a decline in health 
insurance premiums, attributable to the cessation of 
pandemic support policies in the US. 
For life insurance, global premiums are forecasted to 
grow by a modest 0.7% in real terms in 2023, remaining 
below the long-term trend. Nonetheless, this represents 
an improvement from 2022, when the market experienced 
a 3.1% contraction due to high inflation eroding consumer 
savings and hindering nominal premium growth.
Meanwhile, reinsurance capital is expected to increase 
by 11.0% to approximately USD 535.0 billion by the 
end of 2023, recovering some of the losses from 2022. 
Additionally, alternative capital is anticipated to grow 
by 13.0% to around USD 105.0 billion, driven by a 
record number of catastrophe bonds issued in 2023. 
The increase is driven by good returns, fewer large loss 
events, attractive pricing, and strong investment returns 
on collateral pools.
The Insurance Industry in Malaysia
In Malaysia, the general insurance and takaful industry’s 
premiums and contributions grew by 7.8% to RM 21.4 
billion in 2023, up from RM 19.8 billion in 2022. The general 
takaful industry expanded robustly by 17.4%, driven by 
higher contributions from its largest class, Motor. In terms 
of market share for both general insurance and takaful, 
Motor remained the largest with a market share of 49.8%, 
an increase of 0.6 percentage points from 49.2% in 2022, 
followed by Fire at 19.8% (down from 20.0% in 2022) and 
Marine, Aviation & Transit (MAT) at 6.0% (down from 
6.3% in 2022).
The new business total premiums for life insurance showed 
healthy growth of 11.6% to RM 13.4 billion in 2023, up from 
RM 12.0 billion in 2022. Similarly, the new business sum 
assured also recorded sturdy growth of 9.4%, reaching 
RM 544.4 billion in 2023 compared to RM 497.7 billion 
in 2022. However, the number of new policies dropped 
by 33.2%, with only 1.2 million new policies issued in 
2023 compared to 1.8 million in 2022. This decline was 
partly due to the absence of policies issued under the 
Perlindungan Tenang Voucher (PTV) scheme, which 
ended in November 2022. Additionally, many policies 
from this scheme expired in 2022, contributing to the 
decline in active policies. Conversely, the family takaful 
industry saw a decline in Annualized Contributions 
Equivalent (ACE) of 2.4% in 2023, registering a total of 
RM 2,901.6 million compared to RM 2,972.5 million in 
2022. This was due to decline of participation in all single 
and regular contributions products.
THE ECONOMY - 2023 IN REVIEW
Global Economy
In 2023, the global economy exhibited resilience amidst 
disinflationary trends. The International Monetary Fund 
(IMF) reported real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) 
growth at 3.2% (2022: 3.5%). Despite this moderation, 
global inflation showed signs of easing, with the rate 
declining from 8.9% to 6.2%. This tempered growth is 
influenced by a few factors, including elevated interest 
rates, policy uncertainty, protracted post-pandemic 
socioeconomic recoveries, global geopolitical tensions 
that result in weak productivity growth, and growing 
geoeconomic fragmentation.
Malaysian Economy
Amidst the challenging global economic environment 
and rising interest rates, the Malaysian economy 
demonstrated strength and resilience in 2023, achieving 
a growth rate of 3.7% (2022: 8.7%). This performance 
was bolstered by robust domestic demand, a rebound 
in tourism, and improved labor market conditions. 
Pre-emptive and measured increases in the Overnight 
Policy Rate (OPR) during 2022 and 2023 helped balance 
growth support with inflation management.
However, growth slowed due to a challenging external 
environment, characterized by slower global trade, 
global tech downcycle, geopolitical tensions, and tighter 
monetary policies. Domestically, the ongoing recovery in 
economic activity and labor market conditions continued 
to support growth, even as significant policy support 
measures were phased out following the economy’s 
reopening in 2022.
In 2023, Malaysia experienced shifts in investor 
sentiment driven by external factors, leading to 
volatility primarily caused by fluctuations in exchange 
rates. The equity market’s performance was affected 
by decreased investor interest in risky assets amidst a 
global environment of rising interest rates. 
However, improved domestic factors such as political 
stability and the release of key economic plans 
enhanced economic prospects. For the year, the ringgit 
depreciated by 3.9%, closing at RM4.5915 against the 
US dollar (2022: RM4.4130), largely due to aggressive 
policy rate hikes by major central banks.
THE ECONOMY - PROSPECTS
Global Economic Outlook
In 2024, the global economy is projected to maintain 
the same growth rate as in 2023, with the International 
Monetary Fund (IMF) forecasting a GDP growth of 
3.2%. This rate of expansion remains low by historical 
standards, influenced by near-term factors such as 
persistently high borrowing costs and the withdrawal of 
fiscal support. Longer-term post-pandemic recoveries, 
geo-political tensions, weak productivity growth, and 
increasing geoeconomic fragmentation also contribute 
to this subdued pace. However, global headline and core 
inflation are expected to decline steadily, with inflation 
rates forecasted to decrease from an annual average of 
6.2% in 2023 to 5.9% in 2024 and further to 4.5% in 2025.
Malaysian Economic Outlook
Against the backdrop of the ongoing post-pandemic 
recoveries and geopolitical tensions, the Malaysian 
economy is anticipated to grow between 4.0% and 5.0% 
in 2024, up from 3.7% in 2023. This growth is expected 
to be driven by a continued expansion in domestic and 
external demands.
Domestic demand will remain a cornerstone of economic 
growth. Household spending is projected to increase, 
supported by improving labor market conditions and 
ongoing government assistance programs. Private 
consumption is forecasted to grow by 5.7% in 2024 
(2023: 4.7%). Employment growth is expected to 
continue, driven by strong demand for workers, with the 
unemployment rate projected to fall to 3.3%. The robust 
job market is propelled by several factors including 
economic recovery, sectoral growth, government 
initiatives, and ongoing investments, which businesses 
actively seeking to expand their workforce to meet the 
growing demand for goods and services.
Income growth is also anticipated, particularly through 
higher wages in the manufacturing and service sectors. In 
addition, government measures such as the expansion of 
Sumbangan Tunai Rahmah and early incentive payments 
for civil servants will further support household spending.
Investment activity is expected to be robust, supported 
by the continued implementation of multi-year projects 
in both the private and public sectors. Advancements 
in catalytic initiatives under national master plans will 


---- Page 13 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
2322
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY – 
PROSPECTS
Global Insurance Industry 
Global insurance premium volumes for both life and non-
life are expected to increase by 1.7% in 2024 in real terms. 
In the global non-life sector, a gradual improvement is 
anticipated, with premiums estimated to rise by 1.8% 
in real terms from the previous year. Growth in both 
advanced and emerging markets is expected to remain 
below the 10-year average (2012–2021) of 2.6%, with 
health insurance lines continuing to underperform. 
Profitability should improve in 2023–2024, supported by 
better pricing, higher interest rates, and reduced claims 
severity as inflation rates retreat from recent highs.
For global life insurance, premiums are forecasted to rise 
by 1.5% in 2024, surpassing the 10-year trend of 1.3%. The 
start of the interest rate hiking cycle last year has boosted 
sector earnings. This year, rising wages and interest rates 
in advanced markets are expected to create favourable 
conditions for growth and profitability.
Additionally, the global reinsurance market outlook 
remains stable, driven by significant rate improvements, 
particularly in property lines. This is expected to lead to 
higher average attachment points, resulting in expanded 
profit margins. Other factors contributing to the stable 
outlook include a greater demand for coverage driven 
by heightened catastrophic loss events and rising 
investment income, with new money yields on fixed-
income investments more than doubling.
Malaysia’s Insurance and Takaful Industry
The domestic insurance and takaful industry are expected 
to experience modest growth in demand for coverage 
in 2024 due to uncertainties in interest rate movements 
and inflationary pressures in developed economies. The 
forecast has been significantly impacted by persistent 
high claims, attributed to inflation and a weakening 
ringgit. Elevated household debt, escalating living costs, 
and subsidy reductions for RON95 fuel have further 
contributed to this trend. While heightened awareness 
of medical and weather-related coverage is poised to 
drive insurance and takaful growth, challenges including 
inflation, market volatility, and currency devaluation may 
arise. Despite these macroeconomic hurdles, profitability 
and capitalization are anticipated to remain steady due to 
sustained growth.
General insurers and takaful operators are expected to 
continue raising their pricing for certain flood-related 
coverages and adopting prudent underwriting practices 
to mitigate risk. This trend is primarily driven by extreme 
weather events like floods, which have negatively 
impacted profitability in recent periods. Additionally, the 
increased cost of reinsurance and retakaful, and stricter 
underwriting terms and conditions have been significant 
factors during the recent reinsurance and retakaful 
renewal periods.
For life insurance and family takaful premiums and 
contributions, growth ranging from mid-single digits 
to 10.0% is forecasted for 2024. However, potential 
macroeconomic challenges and inflationary pressures 
might prompt consumers to be cautious in committing to 
long-term life insurance and family takaful plans.
As Malaysia transitions to the digital era, the growing 
demand for digital services is expected to act as a catalyst 
for insurance and takaful industry growth. Bank Negara 
Malaysia (BNM) plans to finalize the regulatory framework 
for Digital Insurers and Takaful Operators (DITO) by the 
first half of 2024. The introduction of DITO in Malaysia 
is set to bring about transformative changes in the 
insurance and takaful industry. By enhancing accessibility, 
driving innovation, and increasing competition, DITOs 
can contribute to the growth and modernization of the 
sector. However, both new and traditional players will 
need to navigate regulatory and operational challenges to 
fully realize the benefits of this digital transformation. As 
the industry adapts to these changes, consumers stand 
to gain from improved services, greater convenience, and 
increased financial inclusion.
Additionally, Malaysia’s insurers and takaful operators 
have been operating under the Malaysia Financial 
Reporting Standard (MFRS) 17 since January 1, 2023, 
which has had a mostly positive impact on the reporting of 
life insurance and family takaful. Meanwhile, the financial 
outcomes for general insurance and takaful remain 
similar to those under MFRS 4, influenced by the shorter 
duration of these contracts. The transition to MFRS 17 
represents a significant milestone for the insurance and 
takaful industry in Malaysia, promising to enhance the 
quality and transparency of financial reporting while 
posing new challenges that require careful management 
and adaptation.
Overall, Malaysia’s insurance and takaful industry is poised 
for sustained premium growth, driven by economic 
recovery, increased penetration, and growing demand for 
digital services. While challenges persist, the industry’s 
long-term prospects remain positive.
ECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY REVIEW AND PROSPECTS MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
OUR BUSINESSES AND STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
Our Businesses
The MNRB Group serves the insurance industry through three key 
entities, each playing a distinct role within our diversified portfolio. 
Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad (“Malaysian Re”), the national reinsurer, 
focuses on providing comprehensive reinsurance and retakaful solutions 
to meet the diverse needs of the market. Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad 
(“Takaful IKHLAS Family”) manages our family takaful business, offering 
a range of products designed to provide financial protection and peace 
of mind to individuals and families, while Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad 
(“Takaful IKHLAS General”) runs our general takaful business, catering 
to various general takaful needs and ensuring broad coverage across 
multiple sectors.
ZAHARUDIN DAUD
President	&	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer
Dear Valued Shareholders, 
I am delighted to report that 
through the unwavering and 
targeted efforts of the MNRB 
Group’s Board, Management 
and staff, we achieved our 
best	financial	performance	in	
our 50-year history for  
the	financial	year	ended	 
31 March 2024 (“FY2024”). 
The financial year saw the Group’s profit 
after tax surged by 266.4%, exceeding 
the RM400 million mark. Additionally, 
gross written premiums and gross 
written contributions increased by 17.7%,  
touching RM4.0 billion. By adeptly 
implementing focused and relevant 
strategies that aligned with market 
demands, our respective businesses 
made significant advancements on 
multiple fronts. Throughout the year, 
we also concentrated on enhancing 
our groupwide capabilities and 
readiness while upholding the agenda 
of sustainability. Overall, FY2024 was a 
transformative and successful year for 
MNRB.


---- Page 14 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
2524
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Group-level Strategic Priorities
The Group remains committed to maintaining its leadership position as 
a wholesale provider of reinsurance and retakaful, as well as retail family 
takaful and general takaful products and services, by executing a well-
defined strategy. Central to this strategy is the enhancement of portfolio 
diversification, which ensures a balanced risk profile and stable returns 
across MNRB’s businesses.
 
This diversification entails prioritising the expansion of our presence in 
local and international markets. In the reinsurance and retakaful sectors, 
we are particularly focused on growing our overseas business whilst 
ensuring prudent risk selection. This approach helps to minimise the 
impact of prevalent natural catastrophes while allowing us to tap into 
new markets. Additionally, we are venturing into selected new sectors, 
including specialty lines and renewable and green energy, to capitalise 
on emerging opportunities and drive sustainable growth.
To improve business growth and ensure the long-term sustainability of 
our family takaful business, we are enhancing our regular contribution 
business proposition by adopting a multi-channel approach. This involves 
leveraging our agency, bancatakaful advisory and corporate distribution 
channels to promote the IKHLAS Idaman scheme. This comprehensive 
strategy will enable us to optimise our offerings, expand market reach, 
and maintain a competitive edge in the industry.
To drive our general takaful value proposition, we are shifting our focus 
to preferred market segments. This new approach places an emphasis 
on identifying and leveraging profitable niches within the motor and 
non-motor segments. This strategic move will help us to rebalance our 
portfolio mix and optimise our underwriting and capital management 
strategies, thereby enhancing our overall financial performance and 
market position.
At the Group level, we continue to strengthen our business operations 
through digital capabilities and enhancements in operational efficiency 
aimed at elevating customer and partner experiences. These efforts not 
only improve service quality but also bolster our brand visibility and 
market presence, reinforcing our reputation as a leader in innovative and 
customer-centric solutions. Our ongoing commitment to digitalisation 
also continues to open new opportunities to expand our business 
outreach, tighten our operations, and optimise our costs.
Apart from that, we are resolutely focused on extending the market 
reach of the takaful business nationwide. This entails leveraging strategic 
collaborations with bancatakaful, corporate and agency partners. These 
efforts are designed to ensure comprehensive coverage and accessibility 
of our products and services, thereby solidifying our market position and 
customer engagement across the board.
By strengthening our Customer 
Experience Management (“CXM”) 
function, we are enhancing customer 
engagement efforts. By comprehending 
various customer journeys through our 
customers’ eyes, we are facilitating 
seamless and efficient interactions, 
ensuring a superior customer 
experience across our touchpoints.
The Group has undertaken a robust 
and multifaceted branding strategy 
to significantly enhance the visibility 
and awareness of the Takaful 
IKHLAS and Malaysian Re brands.  
This comprehensive approach includes 
a blend of online and offline channels, 
ensuring a broad and effective reach to 
targeted audiences.
We are also leveraging social media platforms to 
create dynamic and interactive brand experiences. 
By tapping targeted advertising, influencer 
collaborations, and engaging content, the Group aims 
to foster deeper connections with our audiences and 
drive brand loyalty. These coordinated efforts are 
designed to create a cohesive brand narrative, boost 
overall brand recognition, and establish the Group’s 
brands as leaders in their respective markets.
The Group continues with the Group Transformation 
Programme (“GTP”), a comprehensive and 
structured initiative designed to orchestrate a series 
of coordinated projects aimed at transforming the 
organisation’s value proposition. This ambitious 
programme is anchored on critical pillars including 
business remodelling, process and operations, 
people and culture, as well as technology, digital and 
innovation. The GTP is supported by fundamental 
business principles and robust risk and compliance 
frameworks. It aims to create a more agile, efficient, 
and competitive organisation, capable of thriving in an 
ever-evolving business landscape. By focusing on these 
key pillars, the GTP ensures that every aspect of the 
organisation is aligned and optimised to achieve the 
desired transformational journey.
The Group Office Transformation (“GOT”) initiative, 
which revolves around the modernisation of our 
workspaces, also remains a key component of 
our strategy. Its overall aim is to create a working 
environment that is not only comfortable but also 
fosters innovation and dynamic work-life practices 
among our employees.
The renovation of Malaysian Re’s new office at Level 7 
of Malaysian Re Building was completed in December 
2023 and the moving-in exercise by Malaysian Re’s 
staff to the new office was carried out in stages 
between December 2023 and January 2024. As part 
of the ongoing office transformation and work culture 
enhancement, the new office is designed with an open 
space and modern concept, equipped with advanced 
technology to support efficient hybrid and physical 
discussions. The new space also showcases modern 
design elements and eco-friendly features, reflecting 
the company’s commitment to environmental 
sustainability and employee well-being.
The renovation then continued with Phase 2 of the 
GOT, which encompassed a spacious, contemporary-
designed surau; an auditorium with cutting-edge 
audiovisual equipment; revamped pre-function and in-
function rooms as well as modern meeting rooms on 
the 11th floor. On 12 March 2023, Surau Al-Falah MNRB 
was officiated by the Mufti of the Federal Territory of 
Kuala Lumpur and an MNRB Group Shariah Committee 
Member in a special ceremony.
The finer details of some of the abovementioned 
initiatives are spelt out in the relevant sub-sections 
within this Management Discussion & Analysis.


---- Page 15 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
2726
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
At MNRB Group, we continue to focus our efforts on upholding and executing our identified strategies to 
accelerate the momentum we have achieved to date:
EFFICIENCY
We optimise our operational processes to enhance 
profits and consistently deliver compelling returns to 
our investors. By driving continuous improvements 
in operational efficiency, we improve profitability 
and enhance the return on invested capital, ensuring 
that our businesses remain capital-generating and 
deliver solid returns for the long run.
SUSTAINABILITY
Our commitment to sustainability is reflected in 
our integration of robust Environmental, Social, 
and Governance (“ESG”) principles and the Value-
Based Intermediation framework into daily business 
operations. We proactively assess and address 
the impact of climate change on our operations, 
implementing measures to mitigate associated risks. 
Engaging in community contributions and upholding 
strong governance practices across the Group remain 
central to our approach.
INNOVATION
Leveraging technology adeptly allows us to swiftly 
engage customers through agent apps, online 
transactions, and digital marketing, ensuring 
efficient outreach. We champion technological 
advancements to streamline internal processes, 
prioritising speed and efficiency. Encouraging 
a culture of experimentation and learning, we 
continually explore new methodologies and 
approaches to enhance our services and operations.
CUSTOMER
We continue to set our sights on delivering exceptional 
customer experiences across all touchpoints, including 
participation, claims, and service delivery. By regularly 
soliciting and analysing customer feedback, we 
continue to gauge satisfaction levels and refine our 
services accordingly. Additionally, we are focused on 
expanding cross-sell and up-sell initiatives to increase 
customer product holdings, ensuring a comprehensive 
and satisfying customer journey.
CULTURE
We endeavour to recruit and retain individuals with 
the necessary skills and attitude to drive MNRB’s 
success. By cultivating a values-driven culture 
across our organisation, we ensure alignment and 
commitment from every member. Leadership plays 
a crucial role in fostering and reinforcing the right 
behaviours at all levels, setting an example for the 
entire organisation.
SYNERGY
To drive sustainable and long-term growth across 
all business ventures, we have established a group-
wide capital management plan that strategically 
allocates capital. By seizing opportunities and 
fostering collaboration, we are leveraging the 
expertise of entities like Malaysian Re to enhance 
the Group’s overall performance. Optimising tax 
efficiency, particularly by leveraging the lower tax 
rate of Malaysian Re’s operations, benefits the Group. 
Furthermore, collaboration drives product innovation, 
enabling us to maintain our competitive edge within 
the industry. As we explore the full potential of MNRB 
as a group, we are continuously seeking opportunities 
for synergy and collaborative growth, ensuring a 
cohesive and robust organisational framework.
Subsidiary-level Strategies
Each entity within MNRB has developed tailored strategies to align with the Group’s collective goals. This strategic 
independence ensures that every business can progress in a structured and meaningful manner, befitting the 
unique nature and opportunities of their respective markets. By fostering such growth, we continue to build on our 
strengths and reinforce our leadership in the industry.
Reinsurance and Retakaful
As the main revenue contributor to the Group, Malaysian 
Re continues to roll out the strategic objectives under 
its Business Remodelling exercise. This exercise aims 
to accelerate the company’s growth and further embed 
sustainability within its value-creation processes. Key 
focus areas include diversifying the business portfolio 
to enhance premiums and profitability, as well as 
accelerating growth in non-traditional segments such 
as Managing General Agents (“MGA”), specialty lines 
and family retakaful. As the Business Remodelling 
plan continues in FY2025, the emphasis will be on the 
diversification of the non-treaties portfolio, driven by 
growth from the MGA and specialty lines. Portfolio 
rebalancing through better risk selection remains a 
priority.
 
Additionally, active capital management is crucial for 
sustaining Malaysian Re’s business growth. By optimising 
capital allocation, we aim to achieve balanced premium 
growth, healthy profit margins, and robust investment 
returns. To support its substantial growth, Malaysian Re 
will continue to leverage its Senior and/or Subordinated 
Medium-Term Notes (“MTN”) Programme with a 
combined size of RM800 million, with proceeds aimed 
at strengthening the company’s capital base.
Investing in human capital is another cornerstone of the 
plan, with a comprehensive capacity-building initiative 
that includes internal talent development, upskilling, 
specialist recruitment, and graduate programmes. Under 
Malaysian Re’s pilot two-year Graduate Programme, five 
graduates are currently undergoing on-the-job training 
in the Treaty Underwriting Department.
Family Takaful
Our family takaful business is focused on expanding 
market penetration and share by restructuring 
and scaling up the agency force and partnership 
collaborations. Central to this strategy are efforts to 
leverage and expand the value of preferred partners, 
the acquisition of new bancatakaful panels and partners, 
and collaborative business opportunities.
The business has also placed an emphasis on enhancing 
customer and business partner experiences, as well as 
strengthening the product and pricing team to deliver 
value-driven and cost-effective solutions. Takaful 
IKHLAS Family continues to optimise processes, 
minimise manual intervention, and expedite turnaround 
times through various Robotic Process Automation 
(“RPA”) and Digital Process Automation (“DPA”) 
initiatives, ultimately enhancing the overall customer 
experience and operational effectiveness.
Efforts to optimise investment performance, cost, and 
capital efficiencies are ongoing, alongside initiatives 
to transform and rationalise product margins and mix. 
Cultivating a high-performance team and culture, and 
upholding stringent governance measures, remain key 
priorities.
General Takaful
Our general takaful business aims to drive growth 
momentum through several measures. These include 
sustaining and recruiting new talent for non-motor 
market agents, optimising engagement with banks 
for bancatakaful opportunities, and expanding the 
corporate business into different regions and territories 
by collaborating closely with brokers. The business is 
also focused on expanding the direct business portfolio 
through digital partnership arrangements, boosting 
upsell and cross-sell activities and promoting online 
platforms.
Efforts to enhance operational efficiencies and 
the customer experience through the IKHLAS GO  
ecosystem and innovative technologies such as RPA  
and DPA are ongoing. These initiatives aim to uphold 
agility and innovation while maintaining a balanced 
portfolio for sustainable growth and profits. People 
and culture, as well as ESG, feature prominently on the 
general takaful business’ strategic agenda.


---- Page 16 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
2928
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Fast-tracking MNRB’s Transformation and Digitalisation Efforts
The many initiatives under the Group Transformation Programme (“GTP”) serve to bolster MNRB’s businesses and 
further unlock their value. The digitalisation of our value chain, in particular, has to date created significant value for 
our businesses by producing higher revenue, enhancing cost and operational efficiencies, elevating user experience 
and strengthening our brand reputation. The financial year in review saw the Group’s digital transformation 
initiatives gaining momentum with the acceleration of the Digital and Innovation Department’s activities and the 
relevant projects under the GTP.
Bolstering the IKHLAS GO Ecosystem
Through our IKHLAS GO Ecosystem, we provide seamless access to our products and services for our stakeholders, 
thereby fostering a robust customer-centric ecosystem. In FY2024, we strengthened the ecosystem by improving 
the digital experience and optimising processes for business channels. These were among the key initiatives that 
we rolled out:
Leveraging Technology for Process Improvements and 
Automation
We continue to optimise processes, minimise manual 
intervention, and expedite turnaround times through 
various RPA and DPA initiatives, ultimately enhancing 
the overall customer experience and operational 
effectiveness.
Enhancing Our Digital Roadside Assistance Capability
Takaful IKHLAS General introduced its Bantuan IKHLAS 
Road Assist Self-Service, a digital roadside assistance 
service provided as a complimentary benefit to motor 
takaful certificate holders. The service aims to deliver 
fast, efficient, and reliable assistance during roadside 
emergencies. Additionally, the Bantuan IKHLAS Road 
Assist app connects stranded vehicles with service 
providers (tow truck drivers) in real-time. Service 
providers receive instant alerts for new assignments, 
ensuring timely support for those in need. This 
commitment to digital innovation enhances both the 
overall customer experience and safety on the road.
 
Streamlining Our Digital Road Tax Service Offering
Takaful IKHLAS General is the first takaful operator to 
offer a seamless integration of motor takaful and digital 
road tax in a single step, leveraging the functionalities 
of the GO Direct platform. Our offer of innovative, 
streamlined and customer-centric digital services 
prioritises safety and enriches the customer experience.
Elevating the Customer Experience
Our commitment to customer-centricity drives our 
business initiatives, and the launch of our GO Serve 
platform demonstrates this. This platform is designed 
to enhance the customer experience by simplifying our 
claims processes. The GO Serve platform has a user-
friendly interface that makes claim processing easier. 
Customers can easily view the status of their claims 
and manage their takaful claims more conveniently and 
effectively.
This promotes transparency and peace of mind, while 
also empowering our consumers. GO Serve embraces 
technology and digital solutions, which save paperwork 
and increase productivity, reflecting our dedication to 
responsible and environmentally sustainable practices.
We are advancing the implementation of our Customer 
Relationship Management (“CRM”) Suite, which will 
provide a holistic view of customer interactions and 
improve our ability to manage and nurture customer 
relationships effectively.
The development of our Intelligent Virtual Assistant 
(“IVA”) Chatbot with AI technology is underway. 
This chatbot will provide real-time support and 
assistance, enhancing customer service accessibility 
and responsiveness. Moreover, it will ensure business 
continuity during disasters, maintaining uninterrupted 
customer support with minimal human dependency.
Additionally, the enhanced Bantuan IKHLAS Digital Road 
Assist 24-Hour service prioritises customer experience 
by providing comprehensive support during roadside 
emergencies. Our Bantuan IKHLAS provides round-
the-clock assistance to our customers whilst they are 
in Malaysia, Singapore, or within a 25 km radius of the 
Malaysian border in South Thailand or Brunei. With a 
simple click on our website’s “Self Service” or “Call Now” 
buttons, customers can quickly access the Bantuan 
IKHLAS Road Assist service.
 
The initiatives above highlight our dedication to 
delivering innovative solutions and responsible services 
that prioritise excellent customer journeys.
Expanding Our Virtual Branch Network
Takaful IKHLAS General continues to implement its 
branch transformation initiative, expanding its presence 
virtually by establishing Virtual IKHLAS Points (“VIP”). 
These non-physical branches enhance outreach to 
agents and provide customers with flexible, personalised 
experiences. The positive feedback garnered from the 
10 initial VIP branches operating nationwide, led to the 
launch of an additional five VIP branches in FY2024 — two 
in Kuala Lumpur and one each in Selangor, Terengganu, 
and Johor. Our commitment to digital innovation is 
evident as we leverage cutting-edge technologies 
like cloud computing, machine learning, and artificial 
intelligence, to optimise our front-end experiences and 
back-end processes, positively impacting communities 
and the environment.
Made enhancements to 
mobile apps and web-based 
functionalities to increase 
adoption by our general takaful 
agents.
Enhanced the onboarding 
experience for online takaful 
participants. Notably, the 
extension of IKHLAS Secure 
Travel to 14 branches enabled 
customers to participate in 
the product by scanning a QR 
code. Takaful IKHLAS Family 
also launched its Direct Hospital 
Income Benefit (“Direct HIB”) 
product, offering comprehensive 
coverage with financial 
protection during unforeseen 
medical situations.
Made improvements to 
mobile apps and web-based 
functionalities for e-quotations 
and e-submissions, as well as 
enabled integration with the 
main system for our family 
takaful intermediaries.
Enabled integration of the 
open application programming 
interface or API platform with 
new digital partners.
Extended the web-based 
services for customers to 
manage their accounts and 
access services conveniently 
covering areas such as claim 
submissions, enquiries and 
payments, and improved 
functionality for pending 
document submissions.
Undertook additional product 
development and deployment 
with identified bancatakaful 
partners to facilitate sales 
onboarding. The collaboration 
with BSN for the IKHLAS Motor 
Takaful product is an example of 
a successful outcome under this 
initiative.


---- Page 17 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
3130
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
GROUP FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In FY2024, the Group delivered the best performance 
in its 50-year history. The Group reported gross written 
premiums and gross written contributions of RM4.0 
billion, a 17.7% rise from the RM3.4 billion recorded in 
FY2023.
Revenue from our insurance and takaful businesses 
rose by 22.8% reaching RM3.1 billion compared to  
RM2.5 billion in the previous year. Simultaneously, 
MNRB’s profit after tax (“PAT”) experienced an 
impressive 266.4% surge, rising to RM433.5 million from 
RM118.3 million previously. This significant growth was 
primarily driven by the reinsurance/retakaful segment, 
which contributed RM388.4 million, propelled by 
robust insurance/retakaful service results and strong  
investment performance. The Group’s overall 
profitability was further bolstered by the solid  
business fundamentals and operational efficiencies of 
the takaful segment.
Despite facing macroeconomic headwinds in both the 
domestic and global capital markets, MNRB’s investment 
income and yield reached a five-year peak. Investment 
results soared by 67.1% to RM601.0 million, while our 
yield of 5.8% aligned with the strong returns delivered 
by major institutions in Malaysia. This remarkable 
performance was driven by the strategic alignment 
of our investment portfolio, trading strategies, and 
asset allocation, with over 80% of our investments 
concentrated in the Malaysian market.
 
The Group’s total financial assets grew by 12.1%,  
reaching RM11.1 billion in FY2024, up from RM9.9 
billion in the previous year. This growth reflects our 
prudent capital management and robust investment 
performance. Additionally, the Group achieved a return 
on equity (“ROE”) of 14.8%, demonstrating healthy 
performance across all business segments.
During the financial year, MNRB made a successful 
return to the capital market with the issuance of Sukuk 
Murabahah amounting to RM420.0 million, which was 
five times oversubscribed by a diverse investor base 
comprising banks, institutional investors, and asset 
managers. This Sukuk issuance helped reduce the cost 
of capital and provided MNRB with the flexibility to 
effectively execute the Group’s transformation strategy, 
enabling strategic diversification into international 
markets and facilitating key partnerships.
Additionally, the Malaysian Financial Reporting 
Standards 17 Insurance Contracts (“MFRS 17”) came into 
effect during the financial year. Under the new standard, 
profits from long term insurance and takaful contracts 
are recognised into Contractual Service Margin  
(“CSM”), which will then be gradually released over the 
lifetime of the contract as profits. At the end of year 
under review, the Group’s CSM stood at RM650.9 million.
PERFORMANCE BY BUSINESS SEGMENT
These achievements stem from the strategic business 
remodelling initiated in 2021, aimed at diversifying 
Malaysian Re’s business engines and mitigating the impact 
of prevalent natural catastrophes. This strategy included 
enhancing portfolio diversification, venturing into new 
sectors such as specialty lines and renewable and green 
energy, as well as optimising capital management. This 
approach enabled Malaysian Re to navigate challenges 
and seize opportunities, resulting in international business 
growth of 14.2%, reaching RM513.5 million in FY2024.
Meanwhile, the CSM of our reinsurance/retakaful business 
stood at RM405.6 million, pointing to a solid segmental 
earnings visibility. CSM release was RM415.6 million in 
FY2024, which mostly for voluntary cession and auto 
facultative, which remains the dominant product line for 
our reinsurance/retakaful business.
On the operational front, Malaysian Re was honoured 
with the ASEAN Reinsurer of the Year Award 2023 and 
the Best Re-takaful Company 2023. Additionally, it won 
the “Best Action Adventure” category for its B2B project 
related to the Ruschlikon initiative. Malaysian Re was 
also listed as a Top 50 Global Brand for Property and 
Casualty Reinsurance in NMG Consulting’s 2023 ranking. 
This recognition was based on the unaided perspectives 
of insurers and reinsurance brokers regarding the 
best quality reinsurer brands overall as well as distinct 
preferences for specialist expertise at the line of business 
level.
In December 2023, Malaysian Re’s Insurer Financial 
Strength (“IFS”) rating was re- affirmed by Fitch Ratings 
who accorded the company an ‘A’ (Strong) with a 
Stable Outlook. Meanwhile in February 2024, A.M. Best 
re-affirmed Malaysian Re’s Financial Strength Rating 
(“FSR”) of ‘A-’ (Excellent) and a Long-Term Issuer 
Credit Rating of ‘a-’ (Excellent) with a Stable Outlook. 
Subsequently, on 5 February 2024, RAM Rating Services 
re-affirmed Malaysian Re’s AA2/P1 and AA3 rating for its 
IFS and RM250 million Subordinated MTN Programme 
respectively. RAM also re-affirmed the ratings of AA2 and 
AA3 with a Stable Outlook for the company’s Senior and 
Subordinated RM800 million MTN programme.
As part of its efforts in helming the establishment of the 
ASEAN Renewable Energy Pool (“AREP”), Malaysian Re 
signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) with 
In FY2024, Malaysian Re achieved 
a record-breaking RM2.5 billion in 
gross written premiums and gross 
written contributions, surpassing the 
RM2.0 billion mark for the first time. 
This 31.6% increase, amounting to 
RM0.6 billion, was primarily driven 
by significant growth in the specialty, 
MGA, and Risk Transfer Facility 
portfolios. As at 31 March 2024, 
Malaysian Re had secured the top 
position among ASEAN’s reinsurers in 
terms of gross written premiums.
The financial year saw PAT for the reinsurance/
retakaful business rising dramatically by 582.6% to 
RM388.4 million, up from RM56.9 million in FY2023. 
This increase of RM331.5 million was driven by 
improved reinsurance/retakaful service results, which 
climbed to RM337.0 million from a loss of RM4.6 million 
previously. FY2024’s results were bolstered by a better 
claims experience coupled with stronger investment 
outcomes as compared to FY2023’s results which had 
been affected by catastrophic and large losses.
Revenue for Malaysian Re increased by 25.0% or 
RM457.9 million to RM2.0 billion primarily driven 
by the growth in reinsurance and family retakaful 
revenue as well as an increase in investment income. 
REINSURANCE/RETAKAFUL BUSINESS
RM2.5 billion
in gross written premiums and gross 
written contributions, surpassing the 
RM2.0 billion mark for the first time
Revenue increased by 25.0% or
RM457.9 million
the ASEAN Reinsurance Working Committee (“ARWC”) 
to support the ASEAN region’s pursuit of net-zero 
emissions and effective climate change management. 
The key ARWC members – including Malaysian Re 
(acting as Pool Manager), PT Reasuransi Indonesia Utama 
(Persero) (“Indonesia Re”), Vietnam National Reinsurance 
Corporation (“VINARE”), Cambodian Reinsurance 
Company (“Cambodia Re”), Thai Reinsurance Public 
Company Limited (“Thai Re”), and the National 
Reinsurance Corporation of the Philippines (“Nat Re”) – 
are committed to bolstering renewable energy policies 
among ASEAN governments by providing the capacity 
to underwrite the substantial financial risks associated 
with renewable energy ventures, particularly in solar and 
wind energy. By pooling resources and expertise, this 
collaborative effort enhances both underwriting capacity 
and the region’s transition toward sustainable energy 
sources.
Additionally, Malaysian Re signed an MOU with China 
Pacific Property Insurance Company Limited (“CPIC”) and 
Kunpeng Insurance Broker Company Limited to develop 
health and medical products in Malaysia, with a particular 
emphasis on cancer precision medicine treatment. This 
initiative aims to improve the offering of health and 
medical products, enhancing protection for insurance 
and takaful customers.
In FY2024, our retakaful business, Malaysian Re Retakaful 
Division (“MRRD”), registered gross contributions 
amounting to RM142.4 million, a 52.6% increase from 
the RM93.3 million recorded in FY2023. This was mainly 
contributed by the family business which was primarily 
driven by treaty business. MRRD also posted a net profit 
of RM1.7 million in FY2024.
Moving forward, Malaysian Re aspires to be the preferred 
and leading regional reinsurer with a focus on stable 
profitability and shareholder returns while ensuring strong 
capitalisation. This vision is strategically encapsulated in 
its ongoing three-year Business Remodelling Plan. It will 
also continue to explore growth opportunities in non- 
conventional segments, particularly by way of expansion 
into the international market via specialty treaty as 
well as MGA portfolio. At the same time, it will pursue 
opportunities to accelerate the business growth for the 
family and general retakaful businesses.


---- Page 18 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
3332
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
The Group’s general takaful business continued to outperform its 
industry peers, boasting a growth rate of 31.7% in terms of gross written 
contributions compared to the general takaful industry average of 17.4%, 
according to the report by ISM Insurance Services Malaysia Berhad 
(“ISM”) for the period of January to December 2023. This achievement, 
the culmination of the company’s transformative efforts since 2020, 
underscores its strong market position and ability to outpace industry 
trends through innovative strategies and robust risk management 
practices.
In FY2024, the takaful service results for the general takaful business 
rose by an impressive 63.7% to RM60.9 million, while its PAT surged 
by 93.0%, increasing by RM30.5 million to RM63.3 million from RM32.8 
million previously. This rise in PAT was primarily attributable to higher 
takaful service results derived from significantly higher gross written 
contributions and better investment outcomes.
Takaful IKHLAS General’s underwriting success was based on a solid 
understanding of the takaful business, effective risk management 
by targeting preferred risk portfolios, and strategic withdrawal from 
unprofitable segments. Both the agency and corporate distribution 
channels collectively grew by 27.1%, reflecting a steady annualised 
growth rate of 22.4% over the past three years. More than 60% of 
the total gross contributions came from the motor business, primarily 
through the agency channel, which accounted for 65% of the company’s 
overall business.
The business registered revenue of RM843.4 million, representing an 
increase of 32.5% or RM206.7 million. This growth was mainly due to the 
increase in takaful revenue of RM195.1 million and investment income 
of RM11.6 million. The rise in takaful revenue resulted from higher gross 
contributions across all classes of business.
 
In FY2024, Takaful IKHLAS General was appointed as the takaful provider 
for the state of Selangor’s “Skim Insurans Am Selangor” (“INSAN”) and 
Sabah’s “Skim Insurance Kemalangan Rakyat Sabah” initiatives. The 
INSAN scheme provides a free general insurance or takaful scheme for 
eligible recipients, who can choose between an insurance and a takaful 
plan. The INSAN programme aims to ensure that everyone in Selangor 
can benefit from insurance or takaful coverages, emphasising both 
accessibility and choice for recipients. The Skim Insurans Kemalangan 
Rakyat Sabah, specifically designed for the welfare recipients in Sabah, 
provides a takaful coverage at an affordable rate of RM10 per year. This 
initiative reflects the government’s commitment to protecting those in 
need and ensuring their well-being during unforeseen circumstances.
Additionally, Takaful IKHLAS General secured several strategic 
bancatakaful panel- ships with CBP, Bank Islam Malaysia Berhad, and Al 
Rajhi Bank Malaysia. This is in addition to its five-year partnership with 
Bank Kerjasama Rakyat Malaysia Berhad for houseowner and fire takaful 
coverage. These alliances further strengthen our market presence and 
In FY2024, Takaful IKHLAS 
Family registered stable 
gross written contributions 
amounting to RM709.9 
million, with approximately 
50% of this stemming 
from its agency force’s 
regular business – primarily 
renewals. The company 
achieved a PAT of RM7.8 
million, partially bolstered 
by favourable investment 
results. As at the financial 
year under review, its CSM 
stood at RM245.3 million, 
indicating a sustainable 
profit trajectory for the 
coming years. 
In FY2024, Takaful 
IKHLAS General achieved 
a significant milestone by 
exceeding RM800 million in 
gross written contributions 
for the first time. This 
represented a 20.3% increase 
from the previous year 
and more than double the 
RM345.2 million recorded in 
FY2020. The gross written 
contributions of RM850.2 
million were primarily driven 
by the agency force’s motor 
portfolio.
FY2024 was a year of consolidation, whereby Takaful IKHLAS Family 
focused on recalibrating its business model. This included undertaking 
product reviews and repricing, optimising capital efficiency, 
strengthening its regular premium business, improving its product mix, 
and enhancing its distribution channels, particularly through the agency 
channel, which remained the main contributor to the overall business.
Takaful IKHLAS Family registered revenue of RM649.5 million, 
representing an increase of RM33.1 million. This growth was primarily 
due to higher investment income of RM20.8 million, attributable to 
favourable returns from equity, fixed income, and deposits.
The financial year saw Takaful IKHLAS Family expanding its business 
through a collaboration with Brainy Bunch International Montessori to 
promote the IKHLAS Ilhamku education plan product. The company also 
signed a Distribution Agreement with Co-opbank Pertama (“CBP”) to 
enhance its bancatakaful business portfolio. Additionally, the company 
launched its first online product, Direct HIB, offering comprehensive 
coverage of a hospital allowance of up to RM500 per day for a 
maximum of 180 days per year, which eases the financial burden during 
unforeseen medical situations.
Takaful IKHLAS Family continues to leverage digitalisation through the 
IKHLAS GO ecosystem and process automation initiatives. One of the 
key digital initiatives to date include Phase 1 of IKHLAS Idaman, an online 
platform offering a group takaful coverage for MBSB Bank. Several 
RPA deployments involving various processes in the areas of surrender, 
maturity, and partial withdrawal for both Individual and Group takaful 
products serve to streamline processes from registration to approval, 
enhancing efficiency and accuracy. Since the implementation of RPA for 
HIB claims, we have successfully reduced the turnaround time from 14 
days to 48 hours. This significant improvement enhances our efficiency 
and provides our customers with faster and more responsive service.
Moving forward, Takaful IKHLAS Family will concentrate on growing 
its regular contribution business by strengthening its agency force and 
broadening its business through strategic partnerships. The company 
remains committed to leveraging technology and digitalisation to 
enhance its offerings and customer experience, ensuring continued 
growth and market penetration. As it ventures forth, the family takaful 
business is forecast to generate better growth and profitability.
FAMILY TAKAFUL BUSINESS GENERAL TAKAFUL BUSINESS
Gross written contributions 
amounting to
RM709.9 million
Gross written contributions 
amounting to
RM850.2 million
Revenue of
RM649.5 million
Revenue of
RM843.4 million


---- Page 19 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
3534
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
BUSINESS RISKS AND MITIGATION STRATEGIES
As the MNRB Group grows and diversifies, we face  
various risks. To address these risks, we have  
established a robust risk management framework 
and comprehensive mitigation plans. These help us 
continuously identify, evaluate, and mitigate potential 
risks, ensuring we effectively tackle challenges and seize 
opportunities. This proactive approach safeguards the 
sustainability and resilience of our operations.
In accordance with Bursa Malaysia’s disclosure 
requirements, we have detailed the key risks that may 
materially affect us, including liquidity, market, financial, 
and operational risks, along with their mitigation 
strategies, in the Financial Statements section of this 
Annual Report. Our commitment to proactive risk 
management remains central to our strategy, enabling 
us to navigate the complexities of our evolving business 
landscape and ensure sustainable growth.
MOVING FORWARD
The global reinsurance market outlook continues to 
be stable, bolstered by significant rate improvements, 
particularly in property lines. This stability is expected 
to be further supported by greater demand for coverage 
driven by heightened catastrophic loss activity and 
rising investment income, with new money yields on 
fixed-income investments more than doubling.
 
Domestically, the insurance and takaful industry is 
expected to experience modest growth in demand 
for coverage in the calendar year 2024. This growth is 
expected to be tempered by uncertainties surrounding 
interest rate movements and inflationary pressures in 
developed economies. Non-life insurers are likely to 
continue raising premium rates for certain flood-related 
products and adopt prudent underwriting practices 
to mitigate risk. This trend will be driven by extreme 
weather events and the increased cost of reinsurance, 
as well as stricter underwriting terms and conditions 
observed during recent reinsurance renewal periods.
For life insurance and family takaful premiums and 
contributions, we forecast growth ranging from mid-
single digits to 10% in 2024. However, potential 
macroeconomic challenges and inflationary pressures 
may make consumers more cautious about committing 
to long-term life insurance plans.
To strengthen the MNRB Group’s overall business and 
ensure opportunities for future value creation, we are 
committed to securing the long-term sustainability of 
our business entities in terms of top-line growth and 
profitability. Recognising the differing nature of the 
reinsurance and takaful businesses, we have developed 
tailored strategies for each business segment to enable 
sustained and meaningful growth. While we have set 
overall strategic priorities for the Group, we are also 
focused on implementing the right strategies for each 
business to ensure their continued success.
Our ongoing business remodelling exercise for the 
reinsurance division, the strategic initiatives being 
implemented for our takaful businesses, and the 
establishment of a robust investment strategy, all 
reflect this commitment. The takaful segment continues 
to grow, driven by various initiatives to increase sales 
through the agency, bancatakaful, and corporate 
distribution channels.
We intend to continue leveraging digitalisation to 
accelerate business growth and scale while enhancing 
operational efficiency. Our digitalisation measures are 
designed to offer an excellent customer experience and 
easy access to online transactional platforms.
Despite the challenging economic environment 
both locally and globally, characterised by elevated 
inflationary pressures, soaring energy prices, supply 
chain shocks, and geopolitical risks in the Middle East 
and Ukraine, we remain focussed on delivering on our 
strategy.
 
The Group is well-prepared to navigate all challenges 
and seize any opportunities that may come our way. 
Our solid foundation, coupled with our strong execution 
of strategic initiatives, positions us well to achieve 
sustainable growth and deliver value to our stakeholders 
in FY2025. While we are excited about the prospects 
that the new financial year will bring, we are balancing 
this out with cautious optimism.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Many parties have lent us their worthy support on 
our journey to success and we want to acknowledge 
their invaluable contributions. We extend our 
deepest gratitude to our esteemed shareholders, 
valued customers, trusted business partners, and the 
communities in which we operate. Your unwavering 
support and trust in MNRB have paved the way for 
our prosperity, and we are immensely grateful for your 
steadfast commitment. Your patience, loyalty, and 
confidence in the Group have been instrumental, and we 
eagerly anticipate our continued collaboration for our 
mutual benefit. Rest assured, we will continue to aim 
high and deliver our best.
We also wish to express our sincere appreciation to  
our esteemed Board of Directors for their astute 
insights and wise counsel, which have been pivotal in 
navigating the year’s challenges. To my colleagues on 
the Management team and our loyal staff, your steadfast 
dedication, unwavering diligence, and spirit of excellence 
amidst the year’s challenges are deeply inspiring.  
We applaud your outstanding achievements and  
tireless professionalism.
As we move forward, the MNRB Group remains 
committed to maintaining an unyielding resilience and 
pursuing long-term growth. As we focus on creating 
sustainable value for all our shareholders, partners, and 
stakeholders, we thank you in advance for your ongoing 
support and confidence in MNRB. As we forge ahead, 
we do so with a steely determination to achieve shared 
success and deliver greater value to all. Thank you.
Zaharudin Daud
President & Group Chief Executive Officer
31 July 2024
enhance our ability to deliver exceptional takaful 
solutions to a broader customer base.
During the year, the company also collaborated 
with Labuan Re to launch the IKHLAS Halal Care 
Takaful product and partnered with Sterling 
Insurance Broker Sdn Bhd as the exclusive 
distributor for IKHLAS Halal Care. Created with a 
profound understanding of the importance of halal 
certification, this groundbreaking product offers 
comprehensive coverage, safeguarding business 
operators from the risk of certificate withdrawal. 
This highlights our commitment to providing 
innovative solutions for the halal industry.
Additionally, Takaful IKHLAS General launched the 
IKHLAS Secure Travel Takaful, a comprehensive 
travel insurance plan, which includes a claim 
upgrade, notably in terms of the flight delay benefit. 
This improvement, which focuses on consumer 
convenience, assures a smoother claims process. 
This enhancement highlights IKHLAS Secure 
Travel’s dedication to providing exceptional service 
and support to valued customers, strengthening the 
company’s position as a reliable travel protection 
provider.
Emphasising digitalisation, particularly by 
leveraging RPA technology, the general takaful 
business also deployed several RPA initiatives to 
enhance operational efficiency, including systems 
for payments, endorsements, cancellations, claims 
intimation and fee approvals, No Claim Discount 
(“NCD”) information, fraud tagging, and CAB 
Inward processes.
The general takaful business remains committed 
to advancing its prominence in the industry by 
enhancing digital platforms and accessibility for 
improved customer outreach as well as amplifying 
exposure and visibility through robust branding 
and promotional initiatives. Our branding initiatives 
are strategically spread through online platforms, 
taking advantage of social media to increase our 
online reach and engagement, as well as through 
selected and targeted traditional advertising 
platforms that reach out to the masses. We believe 
that by having a strong visual presence online 
and offline, the Takaful IKHLAS brand is more 
visible and closer to all Malaysians in general. All 
in all, Takaful IKHLAS is determined to uphold an 
unwavering commitment to delivering exceptional 
customer experiences.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS


---- Page 20 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
3736
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Today, the insurance and takaful 
industry is increasingly aligning with 
global and local sustainability goals and 
regulations, integrating sustainability 
ideals within business practices and 
operational activities. This strategic 
shift aims to enhance the relevance 
and value proposition of insurance 
and takaful offerings, positioning the 
industry as a key contributor to tackling 
the impacts of climate-related and 
societal challenges while advancing 
sustainable development. 
Recognising the MNRB Group’s 
pivotal role in fostering resilience 
and mitigating risks associated with 
sustainability matters including 
climate-related risks, the Group 
remains committed to initiatives 
focused on customer-centricity, 
digital transformation, and sustainable 
development. This approach not only 
aligns with broader economic trends, 
but also enhances growth opportunities 
within our operational sphere while 
contributing to broader societal and 
business interests.
ABOUT THIS STATEMENT
Reporting Scope and Boundary
This Sustainability Statement (“Statement”) focuses on MNRB Holdings 
Berhad and its subsidiaries, branches and premises, as well as business 
and operating activities (collectively referred to as “the MNRB Group” or 
“MNRB” or “the Group” or “we” or “our” or “us”). It covers the reporting 
period from 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024 or Financial Year 2024 
(“FY2024”), unless specified otherwise. 
This Statement attempts to address all material issues that are important 
to the MNRB Group, determining the scope based on the significant 
impact of our operations on the economy, environment, and community. 
To ensure clarity and avoid redundancy, our focus will be on highlighting 
the latest developments in our sustainability-related policies, governance, 
and initiatives during the reporting period. 
Assurance Statement 
This Sustainability Statement has not been subjected to an assurance 
process. The Group is currently in the process of establishing an 
internal review process for the Sustainability Statement to strengthen 
its credibility. As part of this effort, we will consider seeking external 
assurance to reinforce our commitment to transparency and  
accountability in sustainability reporting.
Alignment with Reporting Standards and Sustainability Frameworks
This Statement has been prepared in accordance to the guidelines outlined in Bursa Malaysia’s Sustainability 
Reporting Guide (3rd Edition). It also aligns with globally recognised sustainability reporting best practices, including 
the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“UN 
SDG”) Framework. This ensures that our sustainability efforts are in line with industry benchmarks and contribute 
positively towards global sustainability objectives.
We continue to ensure that our sustainability efforts are in accordance with the United Nations Environment 
Programme Finance Initiative Principles of Sustainable Insurance (“UNEP FI PSI”), which underscores the 
importance of responsible financial practices that foster environmental and social well-being. In addition, we are 
guided by Bank Negara Malaysia or BNM’s Value-Based Intermediation Framework (“VBIF”) and the Malaysian 
Takaful Association’s Value-Based Intermediation for Takaful Framework (“VBIT”), ensuring ethical and inclusive 
practices in our operations. These frameworks complement our commitment to sustainability and contribute to the 
overarching objectives of promoting financial sector resilience, inclusivity, and environmental stewardship. 
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY 
This Statement has been prepared with care and forethought to provide our stakeholders with a comprehensive 
and objective view of our economic, environmental, social and governance performance. The MNRB Group aims to 
present the information in a transparent and easy-to-understand manner, ensuring clarity and accessibility for all 
stakeholders.
TOWARDS RESILIENT RECOVERY
At the commencement of the MNRB 
Group’s financial year in April 2023, 
Malaysia’s economic landscape was 
exhibiting resilience and continued 
recovery, with the expected 
expansionary momentum. As the 
nation steadfastly emerged from 
the severe impacts of the pandemic 
and ongoing geopolitical and socio-
economic uncertainties, the insurance 
and takaful industry experienced 
growth, driven by a renewed emphasis 
on sustainability and climate change 
matters. In line with this, there was 
heightened demand for products and 
services addressing environmental and 
social risks across various sectors.
WE PROTECT EVERYONE
The MNRB Group is driven by our core purpose of “We Protect Everyone”, which is consistent with our 
operational and commercial activities in the takaful, reinsurance and retakaful sector. This purpose further 
demonstrates our commitment to Maqasid Shariah objectives, particularly in fostering social and economic 
justice within the space in which we operate. The principles of Maqasid Shariah propagate promotion of 
well-being and prevention of harm for all stakeholders, which is in harmony with our core purpose. 
Through our reinsurance/retakaful and takaful subsidiaries, we deliver financial protection and risk 
management solutions to a wide spectrum of clients, including corporate entities and retail customers 
respectively. We provide a diverse range of reinsurance/retakaful and takaful offerings, tailoring solutions 
to meet the specific needs of each client. This approach underscores our ongoing commitment to their 
financial well-being and broader societal impact. 
Our primary goal is to assist affected parties in recovering from adversity and catastrophic events by helping 
them regain a sense of normality in their lives and livelihoods. We strive to facilitate their journey back to 
stability, demonstrating our dedication to protecting individuals and businesses and empowering them to 
be resilient through challenging times.
Through our IKHLAS Barakah House or IBH programme, we undertake social initiatives that focus on building 
sustainable communities. Through IBH, we are continuously embarking on activities to provide access to 
quality education, healthcare services, skills development for economic empowerment, and initiatives to 
enhance the quality of life while preserving natural resources. In line with our commitment to customer 
centricity, we are dedicated to enhancing our digital touchpoints and mobile apps to enable convenient 
access to our takaful services, thereby improving the overall customer experience. 
As we embark on this sustainability journey with a greater sense of purpose, we will continue to gather 
feedback from our customers and stakeholders. This feedback loop ensures that we can effectively uphold 
our purpose of protecting everyone within our operating space.


---- Page 21 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
3938
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY @ MNRB
Our Sustainability Aspirations
At MNRB, we strive to be a responsible and caring 
corporate citizen, by creating meaningful impact 
and generating long-term value that safeguards the 
environment, society, and communities we serve. 
We are deeply committed to balancing our good 
economic performance with positive environmental 
stewardship and social considerations, while also 
delivering sustainable financial outcomes and 
fostering good stakeholder relations. 
We continuously integrate sound environmental, 
social, and governance (“ESG”) considerations into 
our business and operations, alongside providing 
retakaful and reinsurance solutions, and undertaking 
responsible investment. We focus on executing the 
initiatives in our Group Sustainability Roadmap and 
refining our strategies as needed throughout the 
year. 
Recognising the rise in climate-related events, the 
MNRB Group, as a key reinsurance and retakaful 
player within the industry, acknowledges the 
significance of our contribution to the advancement 
of the sustainability agenda. Our goal is to work 
towards mitigating climate change and to achieving 
Net Zero carbon emissions by 2050 by reducing 
our carbon footprint and greenhouse gas (“GHG”) 
emissions. 
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
We are also cognisant of our responsibility to create 
positive social impact, particularly for communities 
and their related stakeholders. We acknowledge 
that our activities can significantly influence the 
well-being of not just our customers, but also our 
employees, partners, suppliers, and communities. 
Thus, we aim to consistently foster a culture of 
inclusivity and diversity, while adhering to ethical 
business practices that prioritise the welfare of all 
relevant stakeholders. 
Our sustainability commitments are outlined in 
the subsequent section, categorised under the 
respective ESG pillars. These pillars represent our 
aspirations and guide our actions towards a more 
sustainable future.
Our goal is to work towards 
mitigating climate change 
and to achieving Net Zero 
carbon emissions by 2050 by 
reducing our carbon footprint 
and greenhouse gas (“GHG”) 
emissions
Note: 
* The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) is an organisation established by the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) to develop 
recommendations for more effective climate-related disclosures that could promote better informed investment, credit, and insurance underwriting 
decisions.
Transitioning to  
A Green Economy
Empowering Our People and 
Enhancing Society Well-being
Advancing a Good  
Governance Culture
Given the urgent need to 
address climate change, the 
Group acknowledges that we 
can play a significant role in 
supporting the transition to a 
green economy by: 
• Minimising the impact of 
carbon emissions arising 
from our business activities 
and supply chain as 
we move 
towards our Net Zero targets; 
• Promoting the alignment 
of our current underwriting 
and investment activities 
with the Net Zero pathway, 
thereby encouraging efforts 
to mitigate climate change as 
we transition to a low-carbon 
economy; and 
• Developing products that 
contribute positively to the 
environment throughout their 
entire life cycle.
Recognising that the well-
being and development of our 
employees and communities are 
fundamental to our sustainability 
approach, the Group remains 
focussed on:
• Supporting the physical 
and mental health and well-
being of our workforce, 
intermediaries and larger 
communities; 
• Encouraging a culture of 
continuous learning and 
professional development 
across all aspects of our 
business, ensuring our 
people are equipped with the 
knowledge and skills to thrive 
in a rapidly changing world; 
and
• Upholding our tradition 
of creating positive social 
impact through meaningful 
initiatives and partnerships, 
contributing to the overall 
well-being of society. 
In delivering sustainable 
economic value to safeguard the 
interest of our 
stakeholders, we 
recognise that it is imperative 
to uphold the highest standards 
of corporate governance and 
transparency. Therefore, we 
are committed to championing 
excellence in governance by: 
• Continuously practicing 
sound governance principles 
in all aspects of our business 
operations; 
• Communicating our 
governance policies and 
strategies to both internal 
and external stakeholders in 
a clear and concise manner;
 
and
• Implementing robust 
monitoring mechanisms 
and ensuring transparent 
disclosure to demonstrate the 
effectiveness and integrity of 
our governance framework.
Our Sustainability Commitments
ENVIRONMENT SOCIAL GOVERNANCE
People-centric Workplace Effective Sustainability 
Management
Giving Back to Society TCFD-aligned Disclosures*
Responsible Products & 
Services
Intensified Awareness & 
Advocacy
Net Zero Carbon Enterprise 
by 2030
Net Zero Carbon Investment 
Portfolio by 2050
Net Zero Carbon Business 
Portfolio by 2050
The Group’s Sustainability Commitments will continue to evolve and be refined as and when necessary. They will 
be reviewed periodically to ensure seamless alignment with our business strategy and associated risk mitigation 
efforts. They will serve as guidelines to help reinforce our commitment to championing long-term sustainability and 
strengthening stakeholder confidence in MNRB.


---- Page 22 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
4140
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE
Governance Structure
The MNRB Group is committed to upholding robust sustainability governance standards through a comprehensive 
governance framework that includes our Board of Directors (“the Board”), Senior Management, Sustainability 
Champions, and the respective business units, comprising multifunctional experts from various departments across 
all operating entities. 
The Group’s sustainability strategy and performance are continuously monitored by the Board and are further 
supported by key committees such as the Risk Management Committee of the Board (“RMCB”), Group Shariah 
Committee (“GSC”), Group Management for Risk and Compliance Committee (“GMRCC”) and the Sustainability 
Working Group (“SWG”). 
During the reporting year, we made significant progress in our sustainability efforts with the establishment of a 
dedicated Group Sustainability Management Department (“GSMD”) in October 2023. This strategic move underscores 
the Group’s heightened awareness of the pressing need to address sustainability matters more effectively. 
With the establishment of the GSMD, the Group aims to enhance sustainability awareness within the workforce, 
bridge knowledge gaps and equip our workforce with the essential competencies required to meet evolving 
sustainability demands. This includes adhering to regulatory policies, conducting accurate impact measurements, 
meeting stakeholders’ expectations and staying abreast of industry developments, thereby ensuring our ability to 
capitalise on relevant opportunities and maintain a competitive edge. 
Diagram 1: Sustainability Governance
Board of Directors
Sustainability Working Group (SWG)
Group Sustainability Management 
Department (GSMD)
Entities’ Sustainability Champions 
(SCs)
Risk Management Committee 
of the Board (RMCB)
Group Shariah Committee 
(GSC)
Group Management Risk & 
Compliance Committee (GMRCC)
Business Units (BUs)
Collaborative 
Relationship
Management Level
Board Level
Implementation Level
The Board’s key responsibilities include effectively 
overseeing the MNRB Group’s operations and 
ensuring alignment with the best interests of 
the Group and its stakeholders. This oversight is 
exercised through compliance with all relevant 
Acts and Regulations, including the adoption 
of principles and best practices as outlined in 
the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 
(“MCCG”), the Main Market Listing Requirements 
(“MMLR”), and the Bank Negara Malaysia Policy 
Document on Corporate Governance (“BNM PD 
CG”). The Board is also tasked with deliberating 
and resolving key matters such as the approval of 
quarterly and annual results, major acquisitions and 
disposals, significant capital expenditures, budgets, 
business plans, and succession planning for top 
management.
In line with the updated Board Charter as of 
November 2023, the Board has expanded its 
responsibilities to address sustainability matters 
and climate-related risks. The Board is now actively 
involved in developing sustainability strategies and 
engaging in regular discussions on these critical 
issues. This proactive approach underscores 
the Board’s commitment to understanding and 
addressing relevant sustainability matters, including 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
Furthermore, the Board continuously enhances its 
knowledge relating to sustainability management 
through periodic capacity-building programmes. 
These programmes ensure that Board members 
remain well-informed about emerging sustainability 
trends, best practices in sustainability reporting, 
and strategies for integrating sustainability into the 
Group’s long-term strategic planning. This ongoing 
education empowers the Board to make informed 
decisions that drive sustainable growth and value 
creation for all stakeholders. 
The RMCB is a board-level committee that meets 
on a regular basis, at least once every quarter to 
fulfil the responsibilities delegated to it by the 
Board, which are mainly related to effective risk 
and compliance oversight.
The RMCB reports to the Board to keep it abreast 
of RMCB activities, key deliberations and decisions 
regarding matters delegated to the RMCB. One 
of the primary responsibilities of the RMCB is to 
assist the Board in providing effective oversight in 
addressing sustainability risks and opportunities, 
including the management of climate-related risks 
to safeguard the Group from the adverse impacts 
of climate change. 
The respective Head of Risk Management at 
each of the operating entities provides the RMCB 
with quarterly updates on risk assessments and 
monitoring, including potential catastrophic and 
climate change events that may affect the Group 
and its operating entities’ financial performance.
Roles and Responsibilities
Board of Directors Risk Management Committee of the Board 
(“RMCB”)
The GSC is responsible for overseeing the 
delegation of duties by the Board relating to the  
implementation of Shariah-related strategies. 
In March 2024, the MNRB Board approved an 
enhanced GSC Charter which incorporates 
the GSC’s responsibility for overseeing the 
delegation of duties by the Board relating to the 
implementation of the Shariah aspects within 
the Group’s sustainability strategies. For the 
Group’s takaful entities, the GSC ensures that 
the Group Sustainability Policy aligns with the 
Shariah Governance Framework and advances the  
intended objectives under Maqasid Shariah. 
Group Shariah Committee (“GSC”)


---- Page 23 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
4342
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Group Sustainability Management Department 
(“GSMD”)
The GSMD was established in October 2023 with 
the primary objective of centralising and effectively 
managing all sustainability-related matters within 
the Group. This includes developing medium-term 
and long-term sustainability strategies, managing 
the implementation of the Sustainability Roadmap 
action plans and working towards our commitment 
to becoming a Net Zero carbon organisation by 
2050. 
The GSMD facilitates a focused and dedicated 
approach to pursuing and achieving these critical 
deliverables. It reflects the Group’s unwavering 
commitment to comprehensive sustainability 
management, encompassing activities such 
as raising awareness, fostering knowledge 
development, cultivating a sustainability mindset 
among the workforce, engaging stakeholders 
for insights and continuous knowledge sharing, 
developing structured monitoring mechanisms, and 
ensuring regulatory compliance. This underscores 
the Group’s proactive stance towards sustainability, 
ensuring alignment with global best practices and 
stakeholder expectations while driving positive 
impact across the organisation and beyond.
Sustainability Working Group (“SWG”)Group Management Risk & Compliance 
Committee (“GMRCC”) 
Sustainability Champions (“SCs”)
The SWG, chaired by the Group Chief Strategy 
Officer, is responsible for the development and 
implementation of the Group’s Sustainability 
Roadmap and initiatives to address the Group’s 
Sustainability Matters. This includes integrating 
sustainability considerations into our business and 
operations to effectively mitigate pertinent risks 
and capitalise on opportunities.
Furthermore, the SWG oversees the implementation 
of the Sustainability Roadmap action plans by the 
Sustainability Champions and respective Business 
Units to ensure seamless integration and ongoing 
commitment. The progress and achievements of 
the action plans are reviewed during the quarterly 
SWG meetings. Key decisions are presented to the 
GMRCC and subsequently to the RMCB for approval 
or notation, thereby ensuring rigorous oversight 
and alignment with our sustainability objectives.
The SCs are represented by dedicated Subject 
Matter Experts from Malaysian Reinsurance 
Berhad (“Malaysian Re), Takaful Ikhlas Family 
Berhad (“Takaful IKHLAS Family”) and Takaful 
Ikhlas General Berhad (“Takaful IKHLAS General”). 
They are permanent members of the SWG and 
are responsible for aligning and coordinating the 
comprehensive integration of sustainability efforts 
into the commercial and operational activities of 
their respective entities, in line with the Group’s 
sustainability strategy. 
Their responsibilities include providing regular 
reports and updates on the latest sustainability 
initiatives and accomplishments of the respective 
entities. Additionally, they play a crucial role in 
providing up-to-date data and information for the 
Group’s Sustainability Statement.
Furthermore, the SCs are encouraged to actively 
participate in various sustainability capacity-
building programmes to enhance their knowledge 
and understanding of sustainability topics, 
particularly focusing on climate-related risks 
and other pertinent sustainability matters and 
developments. 
In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities related 
to the risk and opportunities associated with the 
Group’s strategy and strategic decision making, 
the GMRCC assists the RMCB on risk management-
related matters.
The GMRCC is tasked with conducting at least 
four (4) meetings annually. One of the primary 
responsibilities of the GMRCC is sustainability 
risk management, in which it provides effective 
oversight in addressing sustainability risk and 
opportunities, including the management of 
climate-related risks to safeguard the Group from 
the adverse impacts of climate change.
The Group Risk Management function routinely 
reports to the GMRCC on key trends and 
developments in major risk areas, such as the trend 
of catastrophe losses, which have a substantial 
impact on MNRB’s financial performance.
MATERIALITY 
At MNRB, we are deeply committed to performing 
our role as a sustainability-driven financial holding 
company. We prioritise considering and assessing the 
environmental and social implications of our day-to-
day business operations, all whilst upholding good 
governance practices. This approach is especially crucial 
considering the emerging climate-related challenges the 
world is currently facing. 
Back in FY2023, we conducted a group-wide materiality 
assessment to identify and prioritise our stakeholders’ 
key sustainability concerns. Building on this foundation, 
a limited-scale materiality review was conducted in 
FY2024, reaffirming that the material matters identified 
in the previous year remained highly relevant to both 
the Group and our stakeholders. By implementing an 
ongoing materiality assessment process, we are ensuring 
that MNRB remains connected with the evolving 
sustainability landscape, is able to responsibly manage 
the risks associated with our business operations, and 
is able to prudently leverage opportunities through our 
sustainability initiatives.
Materiality Assessment Process
Our materiality assessment process plays a crucial role 
in helping us identify and prioritise the sustainability 
matters that are significant to us and our stakeholders. 
This ensures that our sustainability management 
efforts are focused on key areas that drive value and 
meaningful impact. The process also adheres to Bursa’s 
Sustainability Reporting Guide 2022. This allows us 
to conduct a thorough review of materiality matters 
biennially while continually enhancing our disclosures 
each year. 
Materiality Matrix 
Following the FY2023 materiality assessment exercise, 
we pinpointed nine material matters that were crucial to 
our sustainability journey, as reflected in our materiality 
matrix. We have maintained consistency in our approach 
this year, with no significant changes made during the 
review process. These results were validated through 
deliberations with SWG members and correspondingly 
approved by the GMRCC and the RMCB.
Diagram 2: Sustainability Materiality Matrix
Materiality Matrix (MNRB Group)
Overall Influence on Stakeholder Assessments and Decisions
Significance of MNRB Group’s Sustainability Impacts
96%
94%
92%
90%
88%
86%
84%
82%
0% 10% 30% 50%20% 40% 60% 70% 80%
Digital Transformation
Ethical Business Practices
Responsible Investment
Employee Experience Centric
Community Improvement
Sustainability 
Governance Cybersecurity  
Data Privacy
Responsible Products & Services
Climate Risk and 
Emissions Management


---- Page 24 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
4544
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Stakeholder Engagement 
As part of our commitment to championing sustainability, we prioritise creating shared value with our stakeholders. 
Our approach to stakeholder engagement emphasises continuous improvement, where we actively identify, engage, 
and integrate our sustainability value with our key stakeholders. This ongoing engagement occurs through various 
business activities and touchpoints, ensuring a two-way communication process built on mutual trust and good 
faith.
We are mindful of potential barriers such as gender, cultural differences, and social status, and we are proactively 
working to eliminate them from the engagement process. Our goal is to foster meaningful and inclusive interactions 
with our stakeholders, valuing their interests, concerns, and ideas. We believe that our stakeholders are our key 
partners who will help us deliver on our mandate of “protecting everyone”. 
Diagram 3: Stakeholder Prioritisation Matrix
Stakeholder Prioritisation Matrix
Stakeholders’ Dependence on MNRB Group
Stakeholders’ Influence on MNRB Group
3.5
3.0
2.5
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5
0.0
0.0 0.5 1.5 2.51.0 2.0 3.0 3.5 4.0 4.5
EmployeesClients
Business Partners/
Intermediaries
Investors/Shareholders
Regulators/
Governments Bodies
Board of Directors
Communities
Rating Agencies
Media/Analysts
Industry/Trade 
Associations
10 9 8 7
5
46
3
2 1
Stakeholder Engagement
Our
Key Stakeholders
How We Engage 
with Them
Areas of 
Interest
Our 
Responses
1
Employees
• Quarterly Townhalls
• Internal portal 
(ICEbox)
• Emails  
(Sustainability Buzz)
• Engagement activities  
and surveys
• Training sessions
• Meetings
• Performance reviews
• Company working culture
• Employee compensation 
and benefits
• Career development
• Occupational safety and 
health (OSH)
• Promoting work-life 
balance
• Training and development
• OSH Committee
2
Clients
• Corporate websites
• IKHLAS GO ecosystem
• Social media platforms
• Customer service 
hotline and email
• High-quality services
• A new line of products
• Digitalisation
• Protection of clients’ 
privacy and personal data
• Enhancing the customer 
experience
• Digital transformation 
through the IKHLAS GO 
Ecosystem
• New products and services
• Cybersecurity and data 
privacy
3
Business Partners/ 
Intermediaries
• Meetings • Responsible sourcing 
practices
• Enhanced procurement 
process
4
Investors/ 
Shareholders
• Annual General 
Meeting
• Analyst briefing
• Media releases
• Corporate website
• Financial performance
• Market outlook
• Responsible investing
• Strengthening  
sustainability governance
5
Regulators/ 
Government  
Bodies
• Conferences
• Working groups
• Meetings
• Seminars/workshops 
and webinars
• Compliance with laws and 
regulations
• Best practices in 
corporate governance 
and compliance to meet 
regulatory requirements
• A strong compliance 
culture within the Group
• The promotion of financial 
inclusion


---- Page 25 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
4746
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Our
Key Stakeholders
How We Engage 
with Them
Areas of 
Interest
Our 
Responses
6
Communities
• Volunteering activities
• CSR and VBIT activities
• Involvement in community 
development activities
• Opportunities for grants 
and scholarships
• IKHLAS Barakah House 
(IBH)
• IKHLAS Waqf and 
Endowment (IWE)
• Program Lestari Cemerlang
• MNRB Scholarship
7
Board of  
Directors
• Meetings
• Training sessions
• Financial performance
• Sustainability-related 
performance
• Compliance with laws and 
regulations
• Best practices in 
corporate governance 
and compliance to meet 
regulatory requirements
• Regular updates at Board 
meetings
8
Rating  
Agencies
• Meetings • Financial performance
• Company sustainability- 
related performance
• Sustainability disclosures
• Annual Report
• Sustainability Statement
9
Media/Analysts
• Corporate websites
• Events
• Media releases
• Interviews
• Company financial 
performance
• Company sustainability-
related performance
• Regular engagement 
with media, e.g. press 
conferences, press releases 
and special interviews
10
Industry/ 
Trade Associations
• Conferences
• Working group
• Meetings
• Seminars/workshops  
and webinars
• Advocacy for new 
policies and regulatory 
requirements
• Industry-wide collaboration
• Industry participation
• Enhanced sustainability-
related policies and 
processes
Governance
Cybersecurity & Data Privacy
Our cybersecurity and data 
privacy measures ensure 
secure digital infrastructure 
and safeguard personal data, 
contributing to building resilient 
and sustainable technological 
systems.
Ethical Business Practices
Our adherence to ethical 
business practices, rooted 
in values that promote 
responsibility and sustainability, 
contributes to building trust and 
a positive public image of the 
Company.
Sustainability Governance
Our sustainability management 
ensures alignment with our 
overall business strategy, 
promotes strong institutional 
governance, and fosters 
transparency and accountability 
within our organisation.
Materiality Matters
The principle of materiality, as demonstrated through our materiality assessment process, enables us to identify the 
current nine materiality matters crucial to the Group and our key stakeholders. These materiality matters represent 
issues that we collectively prioritise due to their significant impact on our business and the value delivered to 
our stakeholders. In our sustainability reporting, we focus on these identified matters, outlining our strategies for 
managing them effectively. Our approach includes setting suitable targets aligned to each material issue, reflecting 
our commitment to achieve tangible goals that drive sustainable outcomes. 
Diagram 4: Sustainability Matters FY2024
Environment
Responsible Investment
Our investment approach 
integrates ESG factors when 
making investment decisions for 
sustainable economic growth. 
Digital Transformation
Our digital transformation 
leverages technology to 
revolutionise our business 
operations, ensuring operational 
efficiency and delivering 
sustainable value to our 
stakeholders. 
Climate Risk & 
Emissions Management
Our processes and practices 
to address climate change 
challenges including managing 
and mitigating the climate risks 
while also striving to reduce our 
emissions.
Social
Community Improvement
Our ongoing efforts to improve 
communities’ overall quality of 
life, making positive changes 
by addressing social, economic, 
and environmental challenges.
Responsible Products & 
Services
Our commitment to develop 
takaful and reinsurance solutions 
that actively minimise negative 
environmental and social impacts 
throughout their lifecycle. This 
includes promoting sustainable 
risk assessment practices, 
encouraging responsible 
underwriting and claims 
management, and fostering 
partnerships that support 
sustainable business practices 
within the industry.
Employee Experience Centric
Our strategic focus on 
enhancing employee well-being 
and creating a conducive work 
environment where we prioritise 
employees’ needs and promote 
a healthy workforce.


---- Page 26 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
4948
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Risks and Opportunities for Each Material Matter 
In today’s challenging business environment, MNRB actively engages with our stakeholders to identify and manage 
risks while leveraging on opportunities. This forward-looking approach is crucial in enhancing our value proposition, 
ensuring the protection of all stakeholders, and realising our long-term goal of becoming a Net Zero carbon 
organisation by 2050. 
Risks Opportunities
Climate Risk & 
Emissions Management
Exposure to climate-related events 
such as floods, storms, or wildfires 
may lead to increased insurance, 
takaful claims and operational 
disruptions.
An opportunity to develop climate-
resilient insurance and takaful 
products and implement emission-
reduction strategies to mitigate risks 
and attract sustainability conscious 
clients.
Responsible  
Investment
Investment in environmentally or 
socially controversial sectors may 
lead to reputational damage and 
financial losses.
An opportunity to implement 
responsible investment practices that 
consider ESG factors to generate 
sustainable returns and support 
ethical businesses.
Digital 
Transformation
Failure to adapt to new digital trends 
and technologies may lead to loss 
of market competitiveness and 
operational inefficiencies.
An opportunity to embrace the latest 
digital enhancements to improve 
the customer experience, streamline 
operations, and develop innovative 
digital insurance and takaful solutions.
Employee Experience 
Centric
A poor employee satisfaction 
engagement index, low morale, and 
high turnover rates may impact 
productivity, customer service, and 
our company culture.
An opportunity to prioritise employee 
well-being, career development, 
customised benefits and 
empowerment to foster a positive 
work environment and enhance 
employee engagement.
Community 
Improvement
Negative community impact from 
business operations may lead to 
reputational damage and stakeholder 
distrust.
An opportunity to engage in 
community development initiatives 
and stakeholder dialogue to create 
positive social impact and build 
strong community relationships.
Risks Opportunities
Responsible  
Products & Services
Offering products or services with 
negative social or environmental 
impacts may lead to customer 
dissatisfaction and reputational harm.
An opportunity to develop 
responsible products and services 
that meet stakeholders needs while 
aligning with sustainability principles 
and Maqasid Shariah.
Sustainability 
Governance
Inadequate governance structures 
and processes may lead to non-
compliance, ethical breaches, and 
stakeholder distrust.
An opportunity to strengthen 
sustainability governance 
frameworks, policies, and 
accountability mechanisms to ensure 
compliance, transparency, and 
stakeholder engagement.
Cybersecurity &  
Data Privacy
Cyberattacks, data breaches, and 
privacy violations may lead to 
financial losses, reputational damage, 
and regulatory penalties.
An opportunity to invest in robust 
cybersecurity measures and data 
privacy protocols to protect sensitive 
information, safeguard customer 
trust, and comply with data protection 
regulations.
Ethical Business 
Practices
Engaging in unethical conduct such 
as bribery, corruption, or unfair 
business practices may lead to legal 
liabilities, reputational damage, and 
loss of stakeholder trust.
An opportunity to embed ethical 
principles into business operations, 
fostering a culture of integrity, and 
adhering to ethical codes of conduct.


---- Page 27 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
5150
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
In an era defined by unprecedented environmental challenges, the MNRB Group recognises the critical role we 
must play in mitigating these rapidly evolving issues. We are committed to embarking on a journey of consistently 
showcasing our concerted efforts to preserve the environment. Acknowledging the dynamic business landscape, 
we acknowledge the need to not only adapt but also lead in adopting sustainable practices. 
This section serves as a testament to our unwavering dedication to environmental stewardship, highlighting 
key initiatives across the Group. From tree planting campaigns and energy efficiency improvements to waste  
management strategies and digital innovation, each initiative aims underscores our focus on environmental 
consciousness as we progress towards our long-term goal of achieving Net Zero emissions by 2050. 
By integrating sustainability into our everyday operations, we manage our risks while capitalising on opportunities 
to drive innovation, efficiency, and organisational resilience. Through these initiatives, we aspire to position MNRB 
as the leader in environmental stewardship within the industry, demonstrating our commitment to a sustainable 
future for all. 
Reducing Carbon Footprint through Operational Excellence
Sustainability Commitment: Net Zero Carbon Enterprise by 2030 and Net Zero Carbon Business Portfolio  
by 2050
Materiality Matter: Climate Risk & Emissions Management
ENVIRONMENT
TANGIBLE STRIDES IN ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP Reduced Paper  
Consumption by 
14 million sheets 
and 700,000 
envelopes
Average Savings on  
Printing Costs
RM2.5 
million
cost savings, manifesting our efforts to ensure sustainable practices. Annually, 
this initiative has generated an average savings of over RM2.5 million in 
printing costs as well as reduced paper consumption by more than 14 million 
sheets and 700,000 envelopes. 
Additionally, we have transitioned 67% of our takaful agent training to 
online platforms by leveraging on Learning Management Systems (“LMS”) 
and Training Management Systems (“TMS”). This shift has empowered our 
agents with digital capabilities, contributing to a more sustainable operating 
model and demonstrating our commitment to continuous improvement and 
sustainable practices. Recent data analysis shows a steady increase in trained 
agents, from 3,684 agents in March 2023 to 5,520 agents by March 2024, 
highlighting the success and scalability of our online training initiatives. 
These efforts not only reduce our own carbon footprint but also inspire our 
stakeholders to embrace sustainable practices. By integrating environmental 
considerations into our business operations and promoting digital adaptation, 
we mitigate environmental risks and create long-term value for our stakeholders, 
contributing to a more sustainable and resilient business environment.
The MNRB Group is committed to minimising the 
environmental impact of our business operations 
while upholding operational excellence. The Group 
has embarked on a strategic initiative to reduce our 
carbon footprint through innovative measures that are 
consistent with our sustainability goals and benefit our 
stakeholders, including integrating sustainability into 
our business-as-usual practices. 
A focal point of this initiative is the adoption of electronic 
certificates (“e-certs”) in our takaful and reinsurance/
retakaful operations. The transition from the traditional 
paper-based certifications to e-certs has significantly 
reduced paper consumption and printing needs, allowing 
us to capitalise on the environmental benefits of digital 
documentation. 
Notably, we have delivered 100% of our motor takaful 
certificates electronically, marking a substantial 
reduction in paper usage. In the area of family takaful, 
we provide e-certs during customer onboarding, while 
allowing customers the option of hardcopy reprints, 
ensuring flexibility without compromising sustainability. 
Our ongoing objective is to fully digitise all certificates, 
further decreasing paper dependency and our overall 
environmental impact. 
Concurrently, our implementation of electronic claims 
processing via the Merimen e-Claims system has 
enhanced operational efficiency and improved customer 
satisfaction. Currently, 100% of claims are routed through 
Merimen, resulting in considerable paper reduction and 
Emissions Management 
Sustainability Commitment: Net Zero Carbon Enterprise by 2030 and Net Zero Carbon Business Portfolio  
by 2050
Materiality Matter: Climate Risk & Emissions Management
The MNRB Group is actively managing its emissions footprint responsibly in alignment with the vision of the Twelfth 
Malaysia Plan to achieve Net Zero GHG emissions by 2050. Recognising the urgency and importance of mitigating 
the impact of climate change, we are committed to making notable strides in this area.
During the reporting period, we initiated comprehensive GHG emissions training and workshops to assess our 
organisational readiness for the transition to a Net Zero emissions model by 2050. These efforts were initially aimed 
at the Board and senior management, with plans for progressive expansion to all our workforce. This approach 
ensures that our carbon emission reduction goals are understood and aligned across the Group.
Furthermore, we are currently finalising the appropriate GHG calculation methodology for the Group, covering 
Scope 1, Scope 2, and related Scope 3 emissions. This includes defining measurement frameworks, organisational 
boundaries, and sources of emission factors, all of which lay the groundwork for the exercise to assess our baseline 
GHG emissions in the next reporting period. These initiatives highlight our approach towards emissions management 
and underscore our dedication to good environmental stewardship.


---- Page 28 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
5352
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Developed Portfolio Carbon Emissions 
Assessment Template 
We have introduced a template to assess the 
carbon emissions of our portfolio, a crucial 
step towards effectively managing our carbon 
footprint. In FY2022, our portfolio’s carbon 
footprint was measured at 133,493 tCO2e*.
Projected Carbon Emission Reduction:
We are projecting a reduction in our portfolio 
carbon emissions of approximately 40%** by 
2025.
Sustainable Investments:
In 2023, we acquired a total of RM30 million in 
Sustainable and Responsible Investment (“SRI”) 
Sukuk, demonstrating our commitment to 
responsible investment. 
Recent Developments/Notable Advancements:
Climate Change Principle-based Taxonomy 
(“CCPT”) Due Diligence:
In line with the CCPT submission to BNM, we 
conducted thorough due diligence assessments on 
all corporate bonds and listed equities, adhering 
to BNM’s requirements.
Industry Engagement:
We actively engaged with the industry working 
group through the Joint Committee on Climate 
Change’s (“JC3”) CCPT Implementation Group, 
collaborating to address climate-related 
challenges within the financial industry. 
Utilisation of FTSE4Good Index for Exclusion:
We excluded sectors such as tobacco, weapons, 
and coal pure play from our equity investments 
using the FTSE4Good Index, aligning with our 
ESG criteria.
Notes: 
* Portfolio scope covering Fixed Income and Listed Equity; covering Scope 1 and Scope 2 of GHG emissions. 
** Using the Network for Greening the Financial System (“NGFS”) designed scenarios of Net Zero 2050 scenario.
Our investment portfolio has been meticulously constructed with ESG criteria that adhere to specific ESG  
standards. One of the recent developments is the enhancement of our ESG selection criteria methodology, ensuring 
that the inclusion of high-quality ESG assets are in line with our Group Sustainable Investing Guideline. During the 
reporting period, approximately 60% of our investment assets, including fixed income, listed equities and unit 
trusts, were found to be ESG-compliant based on the revised methodology outlined in the Group Sustainability 
Investing Guideline, reflecting our commitment to responsible and sustainable investment practices.
Digital Transformation
Sustainability Commitment: Net Zero Carbon Enterprise by 2030, Net Zero Carbon Business Portfolio by 
2050, Responsible Products and Services
Materiality Matter: Digital Transformation
The rapid technological advancements taking place today pose both a challenge and opportunity for insurance and 
takaful operators (“ITO”). These advancements also present a transition risk and demand climate adaptation. Market 
trends, data proliferation, and heightened consumer expectations necessitate industry transformation, especially in 
addressing the aging workforce and cybersecurity concerns. 
At MNRB, we view digitalisation as a pivotal strategy to navigate these complexities and drive sustainability ahead. 
Under the Group Transformation Programme (“GTP”), the Digital and Innovation Department (“DNI”) spearheads 
our digital transformation initiatives. Our primary focus is on enhancing stakeholder engagements, optimising 
operational efficiency, and reducing operational costs through digital integration. Through our IKHLAS GO 
Ecosystem, we provide seamless access to our products and services for our stakeholders, fostering a customer-
centric approach.
IKHLAS GO 
Ecosystem Purpose Impact Number of Projects Completed  
and Key Highlights
Web-based platform 
for post-sales services 
catering to both 
customers and agents.
Enhances customer 
capabilities by offering 
post sales self-services 
through an online portal.
7 projects completed: 
• General and Family e-Claim 
Portal.
• Self Service Bantuan IKHLAS 
Road Assist.
Web-based services for 
customers to directly 
purchase our products 
and services.
Facilitates swift 
customer onboarding 
and improves 
accessibility to new 
products for our 
customers.
18 projects completed:
 
• Online Motorcar and Motorcycle.
• Online Digital Roadtax Renewal.
• Online Travel Takaful. 
• Direct Hospital Income Benefit.
Web-based and mobile 
app platform designed 
for General Agents 
to streamline sales 
processes.
Offers a new platform 
for General Takaful 
agents to onboard
 
customers seamlessly 
through both an online 
portal and mobile apps.
1 project completed: 
• Enhancements to mobile apps 
and web-based functionalities 
to increase adoption by our 
General Takaful agents.
Facilitates sales for the 
Banca and Corporate 
Channels.
Business uplift by 
enhancing customer 
capabilities and 
experience.
4 projects completed: 
• Offering the Takaful IKHLAS 
Motor product to CIMB and BSN 
Bank.
Responsible Investment 
Sustainability Commitment: Net Zero Carbon Investment Portfolio by 2050
Materiality Matter: Responsible Investment
At MNRB, we view investment not only as the means to achieve financial returns, but also as a platform for promoting 
responsible and sustainable practices. The Group’s investment management strategy prioritises capital preservation, 
liquidity management, and returns optimisation through a systematic and structured investment process. 
We integrate ESG criteria into our Investment Policy Statement (“IPS”) and Group Sustainable Investing Guideline. 
The Board oversees investment activities through the Group Investment Committee (“GIC”), leveraging on their 
expertise to review Strategic Asset Allocation activities and ensure alignment with our long-term sustainability 
objectives. This reinforces our commitment to responsible and impactful investment practices, enabling us to better 
manage risks and generate sustainable long-term returns by considering key sustainability factors in our investment 
decisions. 
Additionally, our responsible investment approach actively promotes climate transition with the aim of achieving 
our “Net Zero Carbon Investment Portfolio by 2050” Sustainability Commitment.


---- Page 29 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
5554
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Resource Efficiency and Conservation
Sustainability Commitment: Net Zero Carbon Enterprise by 2030, Net Zero Carbon Business Portfolio by 
2050 and Effective Sustainability Management
Materiality Matter: Climate Risk & Emissions Management
Effective resource management is critical to moderating environmental impact, optimising operational costs, and 
fostering long-term sustainability. At MNRB, we understand the inter-connectedness of energy, water, and waste 
management in achieving our sustainability goals. As we embark on our journey towards our Net Zero target, we 
begin by establishing a baseline for our resource management using data as of FY2024, while addressing the unique 
challenges posed by the hybrid working arrangement and related operational considerations. 
Energy Management  
In FY2024, our electricity usage stood at 4,318,037 kWh, indicating an increase  
from FY2023. This increase was mainly attributable to the ongoing 
renovation activities at Bangunan Malaysian Re (“BMR”) which often requires 
prolonged and intensive electricity usage. While these were essential for 
infrastructure enhancement, they have impacted our energy usage metrics.  
In alignment with our Sustainability Roadmap, we are establishing a baseline 
for our carbon footprint and refining our strategies to meet our long-term 
decarbonisation objectives.
Water Management
Efficient water management is crucial for reducing waste and consumption 
impacts. The Group prioritises effective water management practices at our 
main office and branches to optimise operational costs and utilisation of 
natural resources. Despite the return of employees to the office post-COVID-19,  
our water consumption decreased from 32,868 m 3 in FYE2023 to 27,079 m 3 in 
FYE2024, demonstrating our commitment to conserving water.
Waste Management
Effective waste management is integral to resource conservation and pollution 
reduction. We have set performance targets post-FY2024 to enhance our 
waste management practices. Our data reflects a positive trend, with paper 
waste decreasing from 9,634 kg in FY2022 to 6,165 kg in FY2024. We have also 
initiated transparent monitoring of waste disposal to landfills since early 2024,  
identifying opportunities for waste reduction and diversion efforts.
Our future initiatives include stringent waste segregation practices, more  
employee sustainability awareness programmes, and a variety of additional 
projects. These efforts aim to foster a sustainability culture within our organisation 
and drive continuous improvement in resource efficiency and conservation 
practices.
IKHLAS GO 
Ecosystem Purpose Impact Number of Projects Completed  
and Key Highlights
Platform for potential 
partners to access our 
API suites.
Promotes integration of 
an open API platform 
with new digital 
partners.
2 projects completed: 
• API capability for Motor and 
Travel product to partners.
Mobile-based services 
for family agents to 
facilitates sales.
Introduces a new 
platform for Family 
Takaful agents to 
onboard customer via 
mobile apps.
For GO prime, we continued to 
focus on enhancing mobile apps 
and 
web-based functionality. 
Specifically, we improved the 
e-quotation and e-submission 
processes and further integrated 
our systems with those of our 
Family Takaful intermediaries.
In FY2022, Takaful IKHLAS General embarked on a Branch Transformation project, aimed at expanding our 
digital presence through the establishment of Virtual IKHLAS Points (“VIP”). These non-physical VIP branches 
are strategically designed to enhance our outreach to agents and offer customers more flexible, accessible, and 
personalised experiences when they utilise our services. With ten (10) VIP branches operational nationwide since 
its inception, our digital expansion has garnered positive reception, leading to an additional five (5) VIP branches 
launched during the reporting period. 
5 New 
Virtual IKHLAS Points 
(VIP) Branches
The launch of an additional two (2) VIP branches in Kuala Lumpur and three (3) 
in Selangor (Subang), Terengganu (Kemaman) and Johor (Kluang) signify our 
commitment to digital innovation and technological advancement. Leveraging 
cutting-edge technologies including cloud computing, machine learning, and artificial 
intelligence, we have optimised both front-end experiences and back-end processes. 
This approach not only streamlines our operations but also enhances our service 
delivery, positively impacting communities and the environment within our domain.
Electricity Usage
4,318,037 
kWh
Increased from
3,748,211 kWh in FY2023
Paper Waste
6,165 kg
Decreased from 
9,634kg in FY2022
Water Consumption
27,079 m
3
Decreased from 
32,868 m3 in FY2023


---- Page 30 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
5756
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Tree of Tomorrow (“ToT”)
Sustainability Commitment: Intensified Awareness and Advocacy
Tree of Tomorrow participants at Hutan Simpan Bukit Lagong, Selayang Expedition to Taman Eko Rimba Kuala Lumpur
At MNRB, we believe that by empowering our employees to thrive personally and professionally, we are enabling 
them to render their best at work. This empowerment allows them to excel in their specific roles and effectively 
serve the needs of the business to achieve long-term organisational success. This includes all employees who 
directly engage with our main stakeholders including our customers, agents, distributors, and investors. As such, 
the Group, through Group Human Capital Management (“GHCM”), is fully committed to driving efforts around key 
areas that foster growth, promote physical well-being, mental resilience, and inclusivity within our workforce. 
Training and Development
Sustainability Commitment: People Centric Workplace
Materiality Matter: Employee Experience Centric and Community Improvement
Our training and development programmes are designed to equip our 
workforce with the essential skills and knowledge required not only 
to succeed in their roles within the MNRB Group, but also to enhance 
their capabilities and adaptability so they are future-ready and well-
prepared for the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. From 
technical training to leadership development, this holistic approach 
ensures that our workforce remains agile and is future-ready. 
With an investment of RM2.1 million in staff training and development 
interventions, we organised a total of 155 programmes during FY2024 
to enhance employees’ competencies. On average, each employee 
attended at least one training programme, or 11 learning hours per year. 
In addition, we also supported certification programmes to increase 
our pool of professionally certified talent.
Total Hours of Training by Employee Category
Employee Category FY2024
Senior Vice Presidents and above 878
Total Hours
10,774
Vice Presidents 1,853
Assistant Vice Presidents 3,329
Executive 4,330
Personal Assistant 96
Clerk 166
Uniform 122
Total Expenditure on  
Training and Development
RM2.1 mil
Total 
Programmes
155
Number of Employees Certified with  
Professional Industry Certificates
5
Average Learning 
Programmes  
per Employee
1
Average 
Learning Hours 
per Employee
11
Total Number  
of Employees
1,123
In FY2023, the President & GCEO of MNRB, Zaharudin Daud, made a  
pledge to plant fifty (50) trees in fifty (50) areas to commemorate  
MNRB’s 50th Anniversary in tandem with the Group’s sustainability efforts. 
The ToT initiative commenced on 27 February 2024, with an inaugural tree 
planting event at Hutan Simpan Bukit Lagong, Selayang. In collaboration 
with Jabatan Perhutanan Semenanjung Malaysia (“JPSM”) and Jabatan 
Perhutanan Wilayah Persekutuan (“JPWP”), we planted sixty (60) trees 
with the participation of fifty-three (53) volunteers, including President & GCEO of MNRB, Zaharudin Daud, and  
President & CEOs of our operating entities, namely Ahmad Noor Azhari Abdul Manaf (Malaysian Re), Dato’ Rudy 
Rodzila Che Lamin (Takaful IKHLAS General), and Muhammad Fikri Mohamad Rawi (Takaful IKHLAS Family) 
together with the staff representing the respective entities.
This initiative was part of MNRB’s contribution to the Malaysian Government’s “Kempen Penanaman 100 Juta 
Pokok, 2021-2025” (Kempen Penghijauan Malaysia), where the growth of each tree will be monitored until maturity,  
with assistance from JPSM and JPWP, allowing us to assess our contribution to carbon sequestration.
Furthermore, the ToT initiative reflects our dedication to raising environmental awareness internally and externally. 
It serves as a cornerstone project in our sustainability journey, complementing our goal to become a Net Zero 
carbon organisation by 2050. We aim to complete the pledge by the next financial year, in collaboration with Takaful 
IKHLAS branches, government agencies, universities, NGOs, and local communities, reflecting our commitment to 
upholding sustainable partnerships and practices.
SOCIAL
EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES’ GROWTH AND WELLBEING


---- Page 31 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
5958
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Mental Health and Well-Being Initiatives 
Sustainability Commitment: People Centric Workplace
Materiality Matter: Employee Experience Centric and Community Improvement
The Group recognises the critical importance of prioritising the mental well-being of our employees, as it forms 
the cornerstone of our long-term success. We are dedicated to fostering a supportive working environment by 
implementing a range of initiatives aimed at enhancing an understanding of mental health and addressing the 
mental health concerns within the MNRB community. 
Over the course of FY2024, GHCM implemented several initiatives designed to promote mental health and  
well-being. 
Through these initiatives, MNRB seeks to destigmatise the conversations around the topic of mental health and 
empower employees to seek the support they need within a safe environment. We believe that promoting good and 
resilient mental health is essential for maintaining a healthy and productive workforce.
Initiatives for FY2024 Purpose Impact
Number of 
Participants
Weekly/Monthly Sports 
Activities 
(Futsal/Football/
Zumba/Badminton/ 
Brisk Walk) 
Help employees improve 
their overall physical health 
and promote cardiovascular 
fitness, strength, flexibility, 
and endurance, leading to 
better health outcomes in the 
long term.
Improved mental health 
outcomes, including reduced 
stress, anxiety, and depression 
that may lead to enhanced 
moods, increased energy 
levels, and better overall 
mental well-being, resulting 
in higher job satisfaction and 
productivity.
100-150
Hybrid Working 
Arrangement
Offer employees flexibility in 
where and when they work, 
allowing them to better 
balance their professional and 
personal commitments, thus 
reducing stress.
Positive impact on mental 
health by reducing stress, 
anxiety, and burnout 
associated with traditional 
office-based work, and 
increased job satisfaction with 
reduced work-related stress.
All
Employee Engagement
Sustainability Commitment: Intensified Awareness & Advocacy
Materiality Matter: Employee Experience Centric
At MNRB, we provide a psychologically safe environment where our employees can freely provide feedback on 
areas of success and areas needing improvement. We believe that capturing employees’ verbatim responses is 
crucial for understanding their genuine perspectives and fostering a culture of open communication.
To foster employee engagement, we conduct annual surveys aimed at measuring staff engagement levels within 
the Group. These surveys serve as tools to detect signs of disengagement, enabling us to focus on areas that require 
improvement. The feedback gathered from these surveys shapes our approach in implementing tailored strategies 
to enhance overall engagement and satisfaction.
Furthermore, we have implemented a range of activities across all organisational levels to ensure that every 
employee feels valued and engaged. These activities include:
Initiatives Purpose Impact
Employee 
Engagement 
Survey
Provides insights into the overall health of the 
organisation by measuring employees’ level 
of engagement, satisfaction, and commitment 
to their work and the organisation.
Provides assurance to employees’ that 
their opinions matter, boosting their 
morale and job satisfaction, as employees 
feel valued and heard.
Young Talent 
Network (YTN)
Provides a platform for new graduates to 
connect, learn, and grow within the Group.
Provides new graduates with opportunities 
to acquire essential skills and knowledge.
Coffee Sessions 
with Senior 
Management
Celebrates cultural and festive events 
together to build a sense of community and 
inclusiveness.
Fosters a sense of belonging and unity 
among employees through shared 
celebrations.
Festive 
Activities
Celebrates cultural and festive events 
together to build a sense of community and 
inclusiveness.
Fosters a sense of belonging and unity 
among employees through shared 
celebrations.
Sports 
Activities
Encourages physical well-being and 
teamwork through organised sports events.
Promotes health and wellness, reduces 
stress, and improves overall physical 
health among employees.
Quarterly 
Townhall: 
Sustainability 
Shout Out
Provides a refresher on Sustainability 
Commitments and celebrates Sustainability 
Champions’ contributions.
Sparks an interest in sustainability topics 
and encourages employees to integrate 
sustainable practices within their roles and 
daily lives.
Tree of 
Tomorrow 
(ToT)
Offers hands-on sustainability-related 
activities for employees.
Increases awareness about environmental 
conservation and the role of individuals in 
sustainability efforts.
Malaysian Re’s 
ESG Awareness 
Day
Celebrates Malaysian Re’s new workspace 
and promote sustainable practices at work 
and at home.
Enhances understanding of ESG principles 
and sustainability ideals among employees.


---- Page 32 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
6160
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Our primary objective is to inspire and involve employees in sustainable practices through engaging activities 
infused with sustainability elements. These initiatives foster a collaborative workplace culture and raise awareness 
about environmental and social issues while promoting sustainable behaviours among employees, empowering 
them to champion sustainability both within and beyond the workplace.
At MNRB, we are committed to creating an environment where employees feel safe, valued, and engaged. Through 
our comprehensive engagement activities and focus on sustainability, we aim to cultivate a workplace culture that 
supports our employees’ well-being and nurtures a sense of purpose and community. We believe this approach 
drives both individual and organisational success, making MNRB an exceptional place to work for everyone. 
MNRB
Malaysian Re
Takaful IKHLAS 
Family
Takaful IKHLAS 
General
Engagement Index per Entity Favourability Score for Sustainability Activities
2024 2023
81%
96%
88%
91%
85%
93%
88%
87%
Flexi Working Policy
Sustainability Commitment: People Centric Workplace
Materiality Matter: Employee Experience Centric
MNRB is dedicated to fostering a flexible work culture through our Flexi Working Policy. We understand the 
importance of achieving a harmonious balance between work responsibilities, personal commitments, and individual 
interests. Our Flexi Working Policy encompasses flexible work hours, allowing employees and their supervisors to 
mutually agree on start-finish times or core work hours, ensuring that agreed deliverables are met. 
Additionally, we embrace a Hybrid Work Arrangement, which caters to office-based employees with the majority 
spending a variable number of days in the office each week. Under this arrangement, different roles within the 
organisation may have varying levels of flexibility. We believe in a two-way flexibility approach, where Heads of 
Departments (“HODs”) are committed to optimising personal flexibility for their team members (where applicable), 
and employees, in turn, may need to exhibit flexibility to meet the evolving needs of the business.
This policy not only supports our employees in managing their work-life balance effectively but also contributes 
to creating a work environment where individuals feel supported, empowered, and motivated to contribute their 
best towards our collective success. Looking ahead, we are committed to continuously refining our flexible working 
arrangements to ensure that employees can effectively fulfil their roles while enjoying the benefits of flexible  
work arrangements. 
Initiatives Purpose Impact
Hari Raya Token for 
Single Mothers
Empower single mothers by easing their 
financial burdens during festive seasons, 
enabling them to celebrate with greater 
joy and peace of mind.
Recognises and appreciates the 
unique contributions of single mothers, 
offering financial and emotional 
support, while promoting inclusivity 
and diversity in the workplace.
Mother’s Day 
Celebration
Recognise and honour the contributions 
of all mothers within the Group who 
always strive to balance their professional 
roles and responsibilities with their roles 
as mothers at home.
Boosts morale and engagement 
among female employees, fostering a 
sense of recognition and value within 
the workplace.
Riang Ria Aidilfitri 
Bazaar
Celebrate the festive season of Aidilfitri, 
promoting cultural inclusivity and 
camaraderie among employees.
Creates a festive and joyous 
atmosphere, strengthening bonds 
within the internal community and 
promoting a sense of belonging.
International 
Women’s Day 
Celebration
Show appreciation for the invaluable 
contributions of all 627 women within 
the Group, at both our HQ and branches 
nationwide.
Raises awareness about gender issues 
and inspires female employees to 
continuously advance and grow with 
the Group.
These initiatives further reinforce NEW’s commitment to empowering women within the Group, by fostering solidarity 
and promoting personal and professional growth as well as upholding the well-being of our female employees.  
We encourage leaders to discuss flexible working arrangements with female employees to help them balance  
their roles as mothers while meeting job requirements. Furthermore, our offices are equipped with mother’s rooms 
to provide a more conducive working environment, especially for female employees who require comfortable 
nursing facilities.
Network of Empowered Women (“NEW”) 
Sustainability Commitment: People Centric Workplace and Intensified Awareness & Advocacy
Materiality Matter: Employee Experience Centric and Community Improvement
Introduced in March 2023, NEW serves as a safe and dedicated platform for female employees within the MNRB 
Group to network, access mentorship opportunities, and address well-being and performance-related concerns in 
the workplace. 
This initiative is a key component of the Group’s sustainability agenda, aimed at advancing gender inclusivity and 
empowerment while nurturing the development of female talent as future leaders within the MNRB Group. This effort 
contributes significantly to creating a fairer and more equitable work environment. NEW aims to enhance gender 
equitability by providing a supportive and flexible space for women, ultimately enhancing our female employees’ 
overall workplace experience while cultivating professionalism and inclusivity. 
The initiatives conducted throughout the year include:
85%
95%
80%
95%
84%
92%
84%
85%


---- Page 33 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
6362
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
At MNRB, we are committed to maintaining a fair and inclusive work environment that values and respects the 
rights and contributions of every employee. Through a range of mechanisms and initiatives, we strive to nurture a 
workplace that fosters collaboration, promotes mutual respect, and provides equal opportunities for development 
and growth among our diverse workforce. We believe that by prioritising fairness and inclusivity, we can enhance 
overall employee well-being, and strengthen talent retention, bolster our brand reputation, and contribute to the 
overall success of our organisation. 
ENSURING A FAIR AND INCLUSIVE WORK ENVIRONMENT
Labour Practices and Standards 
Sustainability Commitment: People Centric Workplace
Materiality Matter: Ethical Business Practices, Employee Experience Centric
The MNRB Group is deeply committed to conducting its operations in alignment with the highest standards of 
professionalism, honesty, integrity, and ethics. Central to this commitment is our dedication to effectively managing 
issues and policies related to labour rights, recognising their profound impact on workforce strength, productivity, 
wellbeing, and long-term shareholder value.
To operationalise this commitment, we have identified six Key Material Issues that form the foundation of our labour 
rights policy. These Key Material Issues are as follows:
i Fair Wages and Benefits iv Occupational Safety and Health
ii Diversity, Non-discrimination and Inclusion v Talent Development
iii Freedom of Association vi Upskilling and Education
We are committed to providing our employees with greater scheduling flexibility to fulfil their obligations, ensuring 
equitable access to rewards, resources, and opportunities irrespective of race, gender, nationality, social origin, 
ethnicity, religion, age, or disability. Furthermore, we acknowledge and respect our employees’ rights to organise 
and engage in collective bargaining and social dialogue in a healthy and equitable manner, safeguarding their 
physical, mental, and emotional well-being.
Our commitment extends to creating a conducive occupational and environmental setting, facilitating access to 
training, upskilling, and continuous development to enhance efficiency and cultivate a highly productive workforce. 
This focus on employee well-being and development lies at the core of the MNRB Group’s sustainability commitments.
Employee Rights and Grievance Mechanism
Sustainability Commitment: People Centric Workplace
Materiality Matter: Employee Experience Centric 
MNRB is committed to upholding the rights of our employees, including fair treatment, non-discrimination, freedom 
from harassment, and privacy protection. We have procedures to safeguard these rights and provide avenues 
for employees to voice concerns or grievances. We have also established transparent and accessible grievance 
mechanisms to ensure that employees can raise concerns or complaints without fear of retaliation. 
It is important to note that we have not received any substantiated grievances over the past three years. This serves 
as a testament to our proactive approach in fostering a positive work environment. Our process includes impartial 
investigations and appropriate actions to address grievances in a timely and effective manner, fostering a culture of 
trust and accountability within the organisation. We are also working on a suitable mechanism to gather employee 
feedback on the effectiveness of our grievance mechanisms to continually improve our practices. 
Diversity and Inclusion
Sustainability Commitment: People Centric Workplace
Materiality Matter: Employee Experience Centric 
Fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace for every individual within MNRB remains a key priority for us as it 
creates an environment where everyone can thrive. We are dedicated to ensuring that individuals from different 
generations, genders, backgrounds, and cultures feel valued, respected, and are given equal opportunities to excel. 
Embracing diversity enables us to tap into a broader talent pool, where each person brings valuable perspectives, 
experiences, and skills to the table.
We are committed to cultivating an equal and inclusive workplace by ensuring fair treatment and freedom from 
discrimination for all our people. We value diversity, actively pursue equity, and prioritise transparency to foster an 
inclusive environment. Our commitment to equal opportunities is reflected in our employment decisions, which are 
based on relevant qualifications, merit, performance, and other job-related factors, in compliance with all applicable 
laws and regulations. We do not tolerate any form of unlawful discrimination based on gender, race, disability, age, 
or religion.
We uphold high standards of professionalism, exercising due care, skill, competence, and diligence in our 
interactions with others. Our policy prohibits taking advantage of others through manipulation, concealment, abuse 
of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other unfair business practice. Furthermore, 
we have zero tolerance for harassment and violence, including derogatory comments based on gender, race, or 
ethnic characteristics, as well as unwelcome sexual advances. 
Our recruitment strategy prioritises talents from diverse backgrounds, cultures, and experiences, enriching our 
organisation with inclusivity and a broad spectrum of perspectives. This approach allows us to embrace differences, 
fostering a workplace environment that leverages the diverse capabilities and strengths of our people. 


---- Page 34 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
6564
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Women Representation in Leadership Roles
Board of 
Directors
Group Shariah  
Committee
Group Senior 
Management
Senior Vice 
Presidents
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%
FY2022 FY2024FY2023
Employee Benefits
Sustainability Commitment: People Centric Workplace
Materiality Matter: Employee Experience Centric 
Employees of the MNRB Group benefit from competitive wages, comprehensive benefits packages, and fair 
working hours. We prioritise employee well-being by providing access to healthcare, insurance coverage, financial 
assistance, and other perks that contribute to a positive work-life balance. We continuously evaluate our employee 
benefits package to ensure that it remains competitive and addresses the needs of different employee groups 
within the organisation, in support of our sustainability agenda and progressing industry standards. 
Benefits Category List of Benefits Future Considerations
Health and 
Wellness
• Medical coverage
• Dental and vision care
• Child vaccinations
• Maternity leave
• Annual medical check-up (for VPs and above)
• Elderly care
Financial 
Assistance
• Interest-free loans to purchase laptops
• Housing loan subsidies  
(for new and existing loans)
• Motor vehicle loan subsidies  
(for new and existing loans)
• Car allowance scheme (for VPs and above)
• Handphone and broadband allowance  
(for VPs and above)
• Parking subsidies
• For selected staff’s children  
(staff in the lower income 
bracket)
Work-Life Balance • Annual leave 
• Maternity leave  
(including for adoptive children)
• Paternity leave  
(including for adoptive children)
• Sabbatical leave
• Birthday leave
• Childcare-related benefits
• Religious leave for non-Muslims 
(similar to Pilgrimage Leave)
Recognition and 
Rewards
• Long Service Awards • Academic Awards  
(for employees who obtained 
additional skills on their own 
accord)
Sustainability 
Benefits
• – • Car-pooling or public transport 
incentives
• Retirement age medical coverage
• Volunteering leave
• Sustainability living incentives
Ethnic Diversity
Age Group for MNRB Board of Directors
Above 50
IndianMalay OthersChinese
Note: The ethnic diversity data is consistent over 
the last three years
6%
3% 1%
90%
Gender Diversity
Female Male
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
100%
80%
60%
40%
20%
0%
45% 44% 43%
55% 56% 57%
Age Representation
40-49<30 >5030-39
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
100%
90%
80%
70%
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%
30% 29% 28%
40%
10%
37% 37%
20% 18% 15%
16% 20%
33%
33%
43%
20%20%
17%
23%
46%
50%
30%
33%
36%
FY2024
100%


---- Page 35 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
6766
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Workplace Safety and Health 
Sustainability 
Commitment:
People Centric Workplace
Materiality 
Matter: 
Employee Experience Centric and 
Ethical Business Practices
The MNRB Group is dedicated to ensuring the safety 
and well-being of all employees, adhering to relevant 
Occupational Safety and Health (“OSH”) laws and 
regulations. We uphold employees’ rights to a safe and 
healthy work environment, including the right to refuse 
unsafe working conditions.
Despite the inherently low-risk nature of our operations, 
our commitment to workplace safety and health remains 
steadfast. The safety and welfare of every individual 
within our organisation including employees, tenants, 
and visitors are one of our top priorities. We have 
implemented a comprehensive Occupational Safety and 
Health policy aligned with the Malaysian Occupational 
Safety and Health Act (“OSHA”) – 1994 (Amendment 
2022). This policy guides us in maintaining practical, 
healthy working conditions and procedures, ensuring 
the well-being of all associated with our organisation. 
At MNRB, we believe that the physical, mental, and 
emotional well-being of employees is essential to 
ensure the organisation’s long-term productivity and 
sustainable returns. We are committed to providing a 
quality working environment based on the principles 
below:
Safety and Comfort at the Workplace 
We comply with all safety and hygiene regulations, 
striving to create physically and mentally safe 
workplaces.
Prompt Response to Accidents and Prevention 
of Recurrence
In case of accidents, outbreaks, or environmental 
issues, we take immediate measures and 
cooperate with efforts to prevent recurrences.
Injury and Illness Prevention
Our OSH programmes aim to prevent workplace 
injuries, illnesses, and deaths through rigorous 
risk management efforts, including Hazard 
Identification, Risk Assessment, and Risk Control. 
By upholding these principles, we are ensuring a 
safe, healthy, and productive work environment 
for all.
During the reporting period, our key achievements 
included the following:
Key Achievements
Zero Work-Related Fatalities and Zero Lost-
Time Incident Rate
Demonstrates our proactive approach to 
maintaining a safe and healthy work environment 
for employees.
Appointment of an OSH Competent Person
(since October 2023)
Enhances our internal capabilities in managing 
occupational hazards and risks, promoting a safe 
and healthy work environment, and protecting 
the well-being of employees.
Certified 14 First Aiders
By equipping first aiders with first aid kits, CPR 
skills, and AED device operation expertise, we 
are facilitating prompt and effective responses 
to medical emergencies.
Installation of 3 AED Devices
Enhances our emergency response capabilities 
and improves the outcomes in sudden cardiac 
arrest cases. AEDs have been installed at the 
following locations: 
1) Ground Floor of Bangunan Malaysian Re 
(BMR)
2) Level 12 of BMR
3) Lobby of IKHLAS Point (IP)
Appointment of 28 Floor Wardens for BMR and 
23 Floor Wardens at IP
Facilitates orderly evacuation procedures and 
ensures 
the safety of all employees during 
emergencies.
Ongoing Engagement on Safety and Health 
Awareness
The implementation of safety and health 
modules within onboarding sessions for 
new staff and regular Group OSH e-bulletins 
via email circulation helps keep safety and 
health awareness top-of-mind for the Group’s 
employees.
1
2
3
Through these initiatives, the Group OSH 
Committee continues to play a pivotal role 
in promoting a culture of safety across our 
organisation. The Committee meets six 
time a year to review and improve our OSH 
practices, staying abreast of national-level 
Acts and Regulation, reflecting the Group’s 
commitment to upholding the highest 
standards of health and safety.
Certified first aider training 
Our proactive measures to enhance employee satisfaction and engagement have resulted in a notable 
improvement in our turnover ratio. By prioritising a supportive work environment, offering opportunities 
for growth and development, as well as implementing effective employee retention strategies, we have 
successfully reduced our turnover rates. This positive trend reflects our commitment to fostering a workplace 
where employees feel valued, motivated, and eager to contribute to our organisation’s success.
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Employment Type Permanent: Contract 24:1 19:1 24:1
Turnover Ratio 15% 15% 10%
Retention Rate 84% 84% 86%
Total Employee Turnover by Employee Category
Designation FY2024
Senior Vice Presidents and above 2
Vice Presidents 20
Assistant Vice Presidents 33
Executive 55
Personal Assistant 0
Clerk 1
Uniform 1
First aiders stationed at an off-site event


---- Page 36 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
6968
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
IKHLAS Barakah House
Sustainability Commitment: Responsible Products & Services and Giving Back to Society
Materiality Matter: Responsible Products & Services and Community Improvement
The IKHLAS Barakah House or IBH initiative is a transformative initiative by the MNRB Group, integrating charitable 
elements such as waqf, sadaqah and zakat into a holistic platform designed for equitable wealth distribution. Rooted 
in the principles of Maqasid Shariah, IBH aims to enhance overall community well-being by channelling resources 
from the privileged to those in need. 
This shariah-compliant fundraising platform by Takaful IKHLAS reflects our deep commitment to social responsibility, 
addressing fundamental societal needs to foster social welfare and facilitate sustainable community development. 
Through IBH initiatives, it is hoped that the targeted communities can build resilience, improve their wellbeing and 
achieve self-sufficiency. 
1
2
3
4
5
Driven by sound governance and prudent fund management practices, IBH strives to instil positive values while 
nurturing a sense of unity and community spirit among individuals and communities. Funding primarily comprises 
contributions from the IKHtLAS Waqf and Endowment (“IWE”) programme, IKHLAS Rider contributions and 
zakat payable by the Group and its entities. The IBH initiatives encompass identified programmes and activities 
that realise positive outcomes within the five (5) primary pillars:
Health: Providing access to healthcare treatment and services; 
Education: Ensuring access to a quality education including financial literacy programmes; 
Community: Enriching the overall quality of life within communities; 
Economic: Providing access to training and skills development for economic empowerment; and 
Environment: Promoting the preservation of natural resources and advocating the use of renewable energy.
IBH Highlights Purpose Impact
Tube Well 
Initiative
Ensure availability of treated water for the 
community in Kota Bharu Kelantan and 
Sungai Petani, Kedah; a transition from the 
frequent water supply interruptions to a 
reliable and sustainable water resources.
Addresses the water scarcity in Kelantan and 
Kedah by providing access to clean water, 
which prioritises public health and hygiene. 
This initiative safeguards water resources for 
the community, contributing to an improved 
quality of life.
School 
Upgrade
Transform dilapidated school buildings into 
conducive, more engaging and supportive 
learning environments, thus improving 
educational facilities in Sekolah Kebangsaan 
Penambang, Kota Bharu Kelantan for the 
students. 
Enhances the overall learning experience for 
students and contributes to long-term social 
and economic development by empowering 
the community’s next generation with quality 
education opportunities.
Assisting 
Bedridden 
Patients
Alleviate the burden of underprivileged 
patients in Kuantan, Pahang by providing 
essential medical care and support services.
Enhances patients’ health conditions and fosters 
a more caring society by addressing healthcare 
disparities and promoting patients’ well-being.
Medical 
Equipment 
Supply
Ensure enhanced healthcare services and 
support for patients at the respiratory ward in 
Institut Perubatan Respiratori, Kuala Lumpur 
by addressing critical healthcare needs and 
patient care.
Enhances healthcare infrastructure, reduces 
treatment barriers, and contributes to better 
health outcomes for patients with improved 
access to vital medical resources.
Operating in alignment with sustainable development principles and Value-based Intermediation for Takaful or 
VBIT ideals, IBH emphasises the importance of community empowerment, financial resilience, and environmental 
stewardship. Through impactful initiatives such as installing tube wells, upgrading schools, providing medical 
equipment to respiratory wards, and assisting bedridden patients, over 10,000 individuals have benefited. IBH 
remains committed to continuously creating tangible and positive impacts for individuals and targeted communities.
IBH Initiatives  
by Pillar for FY2024
Amount
Invested 
Number of 
Initiatives
Number of 
Beneficiaries
Health RM229,650 3 395
Education RM126,962 4 679
Community RM527,800 15 893
Economic RM271,500 1 10
Environment RM200,000 1 450
Overall Total RM1,358,912 24 12,537
IBH Metrics 
Amount Invested
RM1,358,912
Number of Initiatives
24
By nurturing holistic development and fostering a sense of belonging, IBH aims to create sustainable communities. 
This bodes well with the Group’s dedication to create lasting positive impacts that improve the lives of individuals 
we interact with and contributes to building healthier, more resilient communities through initiatives that reflect 
our core values and business ethos.
At MNRB, our commitment to sustainability is reflected in a series of meaningful initiatives designed to benefit the 
communities that we serve. As a responsible corporate citizen, we recognise our critical role in driving positive 
change and building resilience within communities. Our dedication to community empowerment goes beyond 
traditional philanthropy, we understand the need for proactive and strategic efforts that address the fundamental 
needs and diverse challenges faced by individuals and communities alike. 
Through a diverse range of initiatives, we strive to create meaningful impacts by leveraging on our resources and 
expertise to promote inclusive growth within the communities we engage with. Our approach is collaborative and 
holistic, guided by the economic, social, and environmental aspects of sustainability. This ensures that our initiatives 
generate shared values, strengthen social cohesion, and deliver measurable outcomes, leading to lasting impacts 
that effectively address specific challenges. Our ongoing commitment serves to consistently empower individuals 
and targeted communities, enhance livelihoods, and contribute to nationwide sustainable development. 
PROACTIVE STEPS TOWARDS COMMUNITY EMPOWERMENT AND RESILIENCY 


---- Page 37 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
7170
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
IKHLAS Waqf and Endowment
Sustainability Commitment: Responsible Products & Services and Giving Back to Society
Materiality Matter: Responsible Products & Services and Community Improvement
The IKHLAS Waqf and Endowment or IWE is a meaningful initiative under the ambit of Takaful IKHLAS General that 
offers participants the opportunity to contribute to the welfare of those in need. Effective 1 April 2019, individual 
participants who sign up or renew their general takaful certificates enjoy a complimentary IWE benefit. This benefit 
ensures that in the unfortunate event of accidental death, a sum of money is channelled as waqf or endowment 
under the participant’s name, creating a lasting impact derived from their participation in takaful.
The IWE benefit of RM1,000, under the name of the benefiting participants, is channelled to selected waqf or 
endowment institutions chosen by Takaful IKHLAS every year. These distributions support a variety of noble 
causes, encouraging the joy of giving and fostering a sense of unity and community spirit among participants. By 
participating in Takaful IKHLAS’ general products and embracing the IWE benefit, the individuals not only secure 
protection for themselves and their loved ones, but also contribute to building a more resilient and supportive 
community that will benefit for generations to come. 
During the reporting period, RM25,000 was distributed to Institut Perubatan Respiratori (“IPR”) in Kuala Lumpur 
through the IWE initiative.
MNRB Scholarship Programme 
Sustainability Commitment: Giving Back to Society
Materiality Matter: Community Improvement 
The MNRB Scholarship Programme is an integral part of our sustainability efforts, aimed at nurturing talent and 
fostering the development of high calibre professionals within the Malaysian insurance and takaful industry. By 
providing promising students access to quality education, the programme contributes directly to the growth and 
sustainability of the talent pool which is essential for the industry’s growth and longevity. 
Total Cumulative 
Investment
RM19.2 
million
Focused on key areas such as actuarial science, insurance and risk management, 
accounting, Shariah, and information technology, the MNRB Scholarship Programme 
identifies strategic fields crucial for industry advancement and future-proofing. Since its 
establishment in 1998, we have invested over RM19.2 million in this initiative, reflecting our 
long-term commitment to education, talent development, and the overall sustainability of 
the insurance and takaful sectors.
Since the programme’s inception up until the end of this reporting period, 151 individuals have been absorbed as 
part of the MNRB Group’s workforce. Leveraging on their knowledge and skills acquired through the scholarship 
programme, these individuals bring fresh perspectives that drive innovation and excellence within our organisation. 
This symbiotic relationship between the scholarship programme and our workforce development strategy 
underscores our dedication to sustainable talent management and industry leadership.
Metrics FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Number of Scholarships Awarded 10 10 10
Number of Scholarship Recipients Integrated into  
MNRB’s Workforce 5 10 15
Amount Invested (RM) RM559,584 RM533,587 RM581,373
Program Lestari Cemerlang MNRB (“PLC” MNRB)
Sustainability Commitment: Giving Back to Society
Materiality Matter: Community Improvement
 
Total Number of 
Adopted Schools
5
Amount Invested  
in FY2024
Total Number of Students  
from Adopted Schools  
with Good SPM Results 
Receiving MNRB 
Scholarships
Total Number of 
Scholarship Recipients 
from the PLC 
Integrated into MNRB’s 
Workforce
RM69,000
9 7
MNRB’s Program Lestari Cemerlang (“PLC”) is a  
significant initiative aimed at empowering local 
communities, particularly in rural areas, through 
educational support programmes. This programme 
underscores MNRB’s commitment to sustainable 
community development by focusing on education, 
which is a key driver of social progress and economic 
empowerment. It is a testament of our ongoing  
dedication to supporting education building in 
underserved regions.
This adopt-a-school programme launched in 2011 has 
positively impacted four schools, and currently we are 
engaging a fifth school, namely SMK Ungku Aziz in 
Sabak Bernam, Selangor. By providing comprehensive 
academic programmes, enhancing learning facilities, 
and organising engaging co-curricular activities, we 
aim to create a conducive learning environment that 
maximises students’ potential while encouraging them 
to pursue higher education.
The selection of schools to be adopted involves 
collaboration with local education authorities such as the 
Ministry of Education and Jabatan Pendidikan Negeri. 
The factors considered in the school selection process 
include location in rural areas, potential for academic 
and co-curricular excellence, a multiracial population, 
and a majority of students from low-income families. 
The programme addresses the schools’ needs by 
providing additional academic classes, workshops to 
enhance exam preparation skills, and special motivation 
camps for students facing major examinations like the 
Sijil Peperiksaan Malaysia (“SPM”). Furthermore, in 
line with the digital era, we are upgrading the school 
infrastructure to establish a conducive digital learning 
zone. This is exemplified by our sponsorship of the 
“MNRB – SMKUA Smart e-Learning Room”, equipped 
with smart TVs and internet connectivity.
Beyond academic support, the programme also places 
an emphasis on holistic development by supporting each 
schools’ sports team and promoting healthy lifestyles 
among students through sponsoring sports equipment, 
sports attire, and coaching assistance. This multi-faceted 
approach aims to not only improve academic outcomes 
but also foster a well-rounded development among 
students, contributing to the overall sustainability and 
resilience of the local community.


---- Page 38 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
7372
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Empowering Local Communities through Local Supplier Spending
Materiality Matter: Community Improvement and Ethical Business Practices
We place great importance on empowering our local community through responsible business practices. One of 
our key initiatives in this regard is our commitment to prioritising local suppliers in our procurement processes. By 
sourcing goods and services locally, we not only contribute to the economic growth of our communities but also 
reduce our carbon footprint by minimising transportation and logistics movements.
Our emphasis on local supplier spending aligns with our sustainability goals, promoting socio-economic development 
and building strong partnerships within our local ecosystem. Through these efforts, we support job creation, 
skills development, and the overall well-being of our local communities. This approach reflects our dedication to 
sustainable business practices that benefit both our organisation and the communities we operate in.
In cases where comparable local alternatives are unavailable, particularly in addressing regulatory requirements 
and technological advancements, we engage with overseas suppliers. While we anticipate a marginal increase of 
overseas spending over the next few years due to limited local options for meeting these specific demands, our 
commitment to local empowerment remains steadfast. 
MNRB
Malaysian Re
Takaful IKHLAS 
Family
Takaful IKHLAS 
General
98.5%
98.9%
98.7%
95.8%
96.4%
97.0%
98.8%
99.2%
98.0%
99.7%
100.0%
100.0%
Percentage of Local Spending
FY2022 FY2024FY2023
Nurturing Industry Talent via Market Training Programmes 
Sustainability Commitment: Responsible Products & Services and Intensified Awareness & Advocacy
Materiality Matter: Responsible Products & Services
The Marketing Training Programmes initiative is a vital aspect of the MNRB Group’s dedication to empowering 
industry talent and enhancing industry resilience in response to evolving trends. These specialised programmes, 
organised by the Market Services Department of Malaysian Re, are designed to equip participants with essential 
industry knowledge and skills. One key focus of these programmes is to foster sustainability awareness among 
the participants where environmental considerations, social responsibility, and governance factors are specifically 
tailored to the nuances of the insurance industry.
Programme 2023 YouLead!
Scheme for Insurance of 
Large & Specialised Risks 
(SILSR) Seminar
Malaysian Re’s Webinar
Theme/Topic YOULEAD: Leading the 
Insurance Industry Towards 
Sustainability and ESG.
Back to basics and prudent 
underwriting in Property-
Engineering Insurance.
Market Hardening in 
Insurance and Ramifications 
to Write Property Insurance.
Sub-Topic Sustainable Innovation and 
Leadership: Implementing 
Sustainable-Smart Solutions 
in the Insurance Industry.
ESG initiative by 2050 and 
how financiers respond to 
customer emissions.
Impact of ESG and 
decarbonisation - levy in 
cost of doing business.
Total Number  
of Participants
51 34 64
Level of 
Sustainability 
Integration
Thorough integration 
covering ESG factors relevant 
to roles within the insurance 
industry.
Holistic understanding of 
sustainability concepts in 
relation to 2050 target and 
how it is integrated into 
financial decision-making 
processes.
Knowledge on sustainability 
and decarbonisation.
Training 
Feedback
Training participants shared 
that they now have a 
better understanding of the 
importance of sustainability 
and are equipped with the 
necessary knowledge and 
skills to drive positive change 
within their organisations.
Informative and helpful, 
where training participants 
gained practical strategies to 
align business practices with 
ESG considerations.
Positive reception on 
cost-benefit insights and 
how sustainability factors 
influence operational 
expenses and profitability.
These training programmes which incorporate sustainability elements, act as a vital link between industry talent 
development and sustainability integration. They facilitate practical application and ensure that participants 
comprehend the significance of sustainability factors within their roles and organisational frameworks. Feedback  
from programme participants underscores the practical insights gained and the transformative value of  
understanding sustainability for their specific roles within the industry.
These training initiatives play a crucial role in nurturing a talent pool that is not only well-versed in sustainability 
principles but also capable of driving positive change and aligning business strategies with sustainability or 
ESG considerations. By empowering industry professionals through these programmes, we aim to contribute to 
strengthening the insurance and takaful sector’s overall capacity to embrace sustainable practices, effectively 
managing risks, and ultimately, seizing opportunities for business growth.


---- Page 39 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
7574
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Agent Empowerment for Sustainable Community Impact 
Sustainability Commitment: Responsible Products & Services and Intensified Awareness & Advocacy
Materiality Matter: Responsible Products & Services and Community Improvement 
MNRB believes in empowering its agents for lasting community impact. We believe in equipping our agents not only 
with the skills and knowledge to serve our customers effectively but also with the appropriate tools to empower 
themselves and contribute meaningfully to society, aligning with the principle of fardhu kifayah.
Through continuous training and development programmes, we empower our agents to enhance their professional 
capabilities, enabling them to offer tailored solutions that meet the diverse needs of our customers. This approach 
not only strengthens customer relationships but also fosters trust and loyalty within the communities we serve. 
Furthermore, our focus on agent empowerment goes beyond business objectives. We recognise the pivotal role 
agents play as community advocates and change agents. By equipping them with holistic training that encompasses 
financial literacy, social responsibility, and community engagement, we enable our agents to drive positive social 
change and resilience within their communities.
Our commitment to agent empowerment is rooted in the belief that empowered agents lead to empowered 
communities. By investing in their skills, knowledge, and well-being, we are creating a positive ripple effect that 
contributes to building healthier, more resilient and more sustainable communities for the future. This holistic 
approach to agent development is a cornerstone of our social pillar, reflecting our dedication to creating meaningful 
and lasting change for all stakeholders involved.
Metrics FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Number of Agents Trained and Upskilled 4,749 5,489 5,520
Amount Invested (RM) RM473,840 RM564,273 RM1,276,585
By nurturing holistic development and fostering a sense of belonging, the MNRB Group aims to significantly 
contribute to creating sustainable communities. This embodies our dedication to creating lasting positive 
impacts that improve the lives of individuals we interact with and contribute to building healthier, more resilient 
communities through initiatives aligned with the bedrock of our values and business practices. Together, we 
continue to forge a path towards a more sustainable and inclusive future for all.
Sustainability Commitment: Responsible Products & Services
Materiality Matter: Responsible Products & Services
SUSTAINABILITY-ORIENTED PRODUCTS AND RESPONSIBLE SERVICES 
At MNRB, our purpose of “We Protect Everyone” guides 
us to offer takaful, reinsurance, and retakaful solutions 
that can safeguard our customers from emerging 
economic, environmental, and social risks, benefitting 
both our stakeholders and the broader communities 
within our operational scope. While historically, our 
products and services have been developed in alignment 
with Islamic values, we recognise the need for a more 
conscious effort and clearer objective of developing a 
product moving forward.
Therefore, we are actively integrating sustainability 
considerations in our approach to provide responsible 
products and services. We will continue to prioritise 
financial protection for everyone, including underserved 
and unserved groups, and ensure meaningful 
engagement with customers throughout the takaful 
value chain. This reflects our belief in ensuring equitable 
access to financial security and meaningful ongoing 
engagement with participants and their loved ones.
By offering responsible financial solutions, we aim to 
enhance customer well-being and play a vital role in 
fostering a more sustainable and resilient community. 
We are committed to ensuring that sustainability 
and meaningful engagement are integral parts of our 
product development process, aligning closely with our 
core values and the evolving needs of our stakeholders.
IKHLAS Rider 
IKHLAS Rider serves as a practical embodiment of 
Maqasid Shariah principles, seamlessly integrating 
charitable giving with personal financial protection while 
upholding Islamic values. This Shariah-compliant takaful 
rider not only provides essential financial protection for 
participants and their loved ones but also provides an 
opportunity for them to contribute to broader human 
welfare and support initiatives promoting societal well-
being. These contributions indirectly aid programmes 
facilitated by IKHLAS Barakah House or IBH, such as 
educational endeavours, skills development initiatives, 
and community empowerment projects. By supporting 
these programmes, the participants contribute to 
enhancing the quality of life for marginalised communities, 
fostering intellectual growth, and unlocking human 
potential.
One of the key strengths of the IKHLAS Rider is its ability 
to allow individuals to fulfil their religious obligations 
(zakat, sadaqah) in a convenient and Shariah-compliant 
manner while safeguarding their own financial interests. 
This rider aligns with the principle of balancing wealth 
protection with charitable giving, offering participants 
a meaningful way to contribute to charitable initiatives 
while ensuring their financial security through takaful 
coverage. In essence, the IKHLAS Rider not only 
provides peace of mind and financial security but also 
empowers individuals to make a positive impact on 
society, embodying the core values of Islamic principles 
and responsible citizenship.


---- Page 40 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
7776
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
IKHLAS Merawat Personal Accident Takaful 
IKHLAS Merawat Personal Accident Takaful is designed 
to provide essential protection for daily paid workers 
such as delivery riders and e-hailing workers. This takaful 
coverage encompasses benefits for death or permanent 
disablement caused by accidental means, along with 
medical expenses coverage. 
We understand the unique circumstances of these 
individuals, where their work and income are tied to 
daily earnings. Therefore, this product offers a targeted 
protection to ensure that they are financially covered 
during unforeseen accidents providing them with 
peace of mind and stability in times of need. With the 
availability of this product, we aim to continuously 
support the well-being and livelihoods of these essential 
community members.
IKHLAS Membantu Personal Accident Takaful 
IKHLAS Membantu Personal Accident Takaful is tailored 
to provide crucial protection, especially for breadwinners 
from the B40 income group. This takaful product 
covers death or permanent disablement resulting from 
accidental means, including funeral expenses coverage. 
We understand the immense impact the loss of 
breadwinner can have on a family, particularly those in 
vulnerable income groups. The demise of the breadwinner 
can lead to significant financial challenges for the family, 
affecting their ability to meet basic needs and maintain 
their quality of life. Our product aims to assist these 
families during such challenging times, easing their 
financial burdens and supporting their overall well-being. 
By providing essential coverage to the participants and 
their loved ones, we can help the families regain stability 
and resilience as they work towards rebuilding their lives 
and pursue their aspirations. 
IKHLAS Clinic Niaga Takaful 
IKHLAS Clinic Niaga Takaful provides comprehensive 
coverage for medical officers, doctors, general 
practitioners, and clinics offering services such as dental 
care and minor surgeries. This takaful solution ensures 
these healthcare providers have the necessary financial 
protection, enabling them to focus on delivering essential 
medical services and quality healthcare services to their 
local communities while protected against unforeseen 
risks. 
IKHLAS Retail Niaga Takaful
IKHLAS Retail Niaga Takaful is meticulously crafted 
to provide extensive coverage for businesses such as 
provision shops, minimarts, tailors, small workshops, 
and contractors. This takaful product comprehensively 
addresses the diverse risks encountered by these 
specific enterprises, offering crucial financial protection 
against potential losses.
We recognise the pivotal role that SMEs play in local 
economies and communities. The impact of any losses 
on these businesses can be substantial, potentially 
hindering their ability to serve their communities 
effectively. By safeguarding the sustainability of these 
enterprises through our takaful product, we contribute 
to the resilience and growth of local economies. This, in 
turn, ensures the uninterrupted availability of essential 
services offered by these enterprises within their 
communities, fostering continuity and stability in local 
business environments.
Bantuan IKHLAS Road Assist
Bantuan IKHLAS Road Assist service underscores our 
dedication to upholding road safety and providing road 
support services to our customers. This round-the-
clock assistance service provides timely support and 
guidance during roadside emergencies, emphasising 
our commitment to delivering reliable and responsive 
services that prioritise customer security and safety. 
Our comprehensive assistance includes the following 
services:
• Jumpstart and battery replacement services;
• Changing of flat tyre services; 
• Petrol assistance services;
• Accident and breakdown towing services; and
• Locksmith services. 
Our coverage extends beyond Malaysia’s borders to 
include Singapore and the region of South Thailand 
and 
Brunei, within a 25 km radius of the Malaysian border. 
This ensures comprehensive assistance for customers 
travelling by car to neighbouring countries around 
Malaysia. 
As MNRB prioritises ease and a user-friendly interface, 
customers can now access Bantuan IKHLAS Road Assist 
anywhere and anytime with a simple click on the Self 
Service or Call Now button on our website, ensuring 
that they can quickly receive the assistance they need 
whenever and wherever they may be, providing our 
customers with peace of mind on every journey.
GO Serve Platform: Claims Made Easy 
Our GO Serve Platform simplifies claims processes, 
making it easy and convenient for our customers to 
access the platform and manage their takaful claims. 
This digital platform enhances the customer experience 
by offering a seamless and user-friendly interface that 
expedites claims processing and provides real-time 
monitoring of claim status. This ensures transparency 
and instills confidence in our service.
By leveraging technology to enhance our services, we 
are not only improving efficiency but also demonstrating 
our commitment to responsible and customer-
centric practices. The GO Serve platform also reduces 
administrative burdens, minimises paperwork and 
promotes environmental sustainability by embracing 
digital solutions as outlined in page 53 to 54 under the 
Environment Pillar: Digital Transformation.
This platform also fosters greater customer engagement 
and satisfaction by putting control in the hands of 
our customers, allowing them to manage their claims 
conveniently and effectively. Ultimately, the GO Serve 
Platform underscores our dedication to delivering 
innovative solutions and responsible services that 
prioritise the customer experience and well-being.
Transparent Claims and Ethical Surplus Distribution
Sustainability Commitment: Responsible Products & Services and Giving Back to Society
Materiality Matter: Responsible Products & Services, Community Improvement, Sustainability 
Governance and Responsible Business Practices
During the reporting period, our takaful participants collectively assisted their fellow participants who were in need 
due to unexpected events or sudden demise, reflecting our core takaful principles of mutual assistance and shared 
responsibility. Takaful IKHLAS played an instrumental role in facilitating the timely and transparent settlement of 
the various claims, benefiting the affected participants’ families by enabling them to gradually return to their normal 
lives and livelihoods. The financial support provided by the claims helped them recover from the adversities they 
faced and alleviated immediate hardships. This cooperative effort empowered the affected participants and their 
families to rebuild their lives, restore their livelihoods and navigate through difficult times, exemplifying the true 
spirit of takaful.
Category Claims Amount (RM mil) Number of Recipients
Family Takaful 266.1 36,096
General Takaful 409.2 73,903
Total 675.3 109,999
In addition to claims settlements, Takaful IKHLAS also distributed a portion of the FY2023 surplus from our 
Participants’ Risk Funds back to eligible participants, reflecting the mutual benefit principle and based on the 
provisions of our Surplus Management Policy. Specifically, Takaful IKHLAS General paid RM5.1 million to 978,221 
participants.
Through these initiatives, Takaful IKHLAS remains committed to responsible business and ethical financial practices, 
as well as community improvement, embodying our sustainability values in every aspect of our operations.


---- Page 41 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
7978
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Capacity Building
Sustainability Commitment: Effective Sustainability Management and Intensified Awareness & Advocacy
Materiality Matter: Sustainability Governance
GOVERNANCE
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP
The Group places a strong emphasis on fostering a culture of continuous learning and engagement throughout 
our workforce, specifically in sustainability-related areas. Our commitment to capacity building extends beyond 
the Board level to include management teams and all working levels throughout the organisation. This holistic 
approach ensures that sustainability principles are embedded at every level of the organisation, fostering a culture 
of sustainability and collective responsibility towards achieving the Group’s sustainability objectives.
These capacity building programmes are integral to our sustainability leadership efforts. By equipping our workforce 
with the knowledge and skills necessary to understand and address sustainability challenges, we empower them to 
become sustainability champions within their respective roles. This not only aligns with our sustainability goals but 
will also strengthen our position as a leader in sustainable business practices within the industry.
We have collaborated with subject matter experts to conduct several capacity building sessions covering a diverse 
range of sustainability topics. The table below provides an overview of the capacity building sessions conducted 
within the reporting year:
Session Participants
Sustainability Regulatory Development and 
Implementation Outlook
Board and Senior Management
Awareness on Climate Change and GHG Management Senior Management, Vice Presidents and above
Sustainability Reporting and Disclosure Requirements Senior Management, Vice Presidents and above
Additionally, we encourage our workforce to participate in complimentary webinars available online. These 
webinars aim to strengthen participants’ understanding of sustainability matters, identify sustainability risks and 
opportunities, share best practices, and draw insights from industry case studies.
Engaging in these webinars allows our workforce to deepen their understanding of sustainability principles and 
their practical application. The knowledge gained provides valuable lessons that would enrich our own sustainability 
efforts. By piquing the interest of our workforce in sustainability and enhancing their knowledge, we are empowering 
them to play an active role in driving sustainable initiatives within their respective areas of responsibility and 
contribute positively to our sustainability agenda.
These concerted efforts to build sustainability awareness and knowledge at all levels of our workforce are essential 
for equipping our people to support the Group in achieving our short-, medium-, and long-term sustainability goals. 
It underscores our commitment to developing a workforce that not only comprehends sustainability challenges but 
also possesses the skills to implement practical solutions effectively.
ASEAN Renewable Energy Pool (“AREP”): Driving 
Sustainable Energy Initiatives
Sustainability 
Commitment:
Responsible Products & Services 
and Intensified Awareness & 
Advocacy
Materiality 
Matter: 
Responsible Products & Services
The MNRB Group is proud to share that Malaysian Re has 
played a pivotal role in the establishment of the ASEAN 
Renewable Energy Pool or AREP. This groundbreaking 
initiative is aimed at supporting sustainable energy 
practices and fostering regional collaboration within the 
ASEAN region. 
On 8 December 2023, during the 5 th ASEAN Insurance 
Summit, a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) was 
signed to establish AREP under the ASEAN Insurance 
Council (“AIC”), as initially conceptualised by Malaysian 
Re in 2021. The MOU signifies a unified effort by ASEAN 
Reinsurance Working Committee (“ARWC”) members 
to support the ASEAN region’s pursuit of Net Zero 
emissions and effective climate change management. 
This initiative aims to offer reliable coverage for all phases 
of renewable energy projects, ensuring a diversified 
portfolio for reinsurers/insurers with steady premium 
income. The AREP initiative will enable participating 
reinsurers to pool resources and form an insurance pool 
to underwrite risks associated with renewable energy 
sources.
The AREP initiative, as spearheaded by Malaysian Re, 
stands as a testament to MNRB’s vision to drive positive 
change and advance sustainability practices within the 
insurance and reinsurance industry. The establishment 
of AREP signifies a pivotal step towards promoting 
investments in renewable energy and accelerating the 
transition to low-carbon economy. By pooling resources 
and expertise from the ASEAN region, AREP facilitates 
greater access to renewable energy projects, promotes 
knowledge sharing and strengthens regional resilience 
against the impact of climate change. 
Seminar of Sustainable Catastrophe Loss Management
Sustainability 
Commitment:
Responsible Products & Services 
and Intensified Awareness & 
Advocacy
Materiality 
Matter: 
Responsible Products & Services
MNRB, through Malaysian Re, organised a seminar in 
collaboration with the National Insurance & Takaful 
Claims Society (“NICS”) for the Malaysia Claims Society 
on Sustainable Catastrophe Loss Management. This 
initiative underscores our commitment to driving 
sustainable practices within the insurance and takaful 
industry. 
The seminar was designed to leverage on lessons learned 
from past experiences, both locally and internationally, 
and enhance the capacity of Claims Society members 
to handle catastrophe-related claims effectively and 
sustainably. It aimed to empower industry professionals 
with the insights and tools necessary to navigate and 
mitigate catastrophe-related risks effectively, fostering 
collaborative learning and knowledge sharing among 
industry players.
During the seminar, participants engaged in a discussion 
on innovative approaches and best practices in 
sustainable catastrophe risk management. The sessions 
included analyses of case studies, the sharing of 
experiences and the exploration of emerging trends that 
can drive efficiency, resilience, and sustainability across 
the claims value chain. The incorporation of international 
perspectives enriched these discussions, offering 
valuable insights into global standards and practices.
The impact of this initiative extended beyond the 
seminar itself. By equipping the Claims Society with 
enhanced capabilities in catastrophe loss management, 
MNRB contributed towards advancing sustainability 
goals within the industry. This included promoting 
best practices, reducing environmental impact, and 
ultimately enhancing the overall customer experience. 
We are leveraging on the insights gained from the 
seminar to drive ongoing initiatives that align with our 
sustainability vision and objectives. This includes further 
collaboration, research, and implementation of best 
practices to strengthen the resilience and sustainability 
of the insurance and takaful sector.


---- Page 42 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
8180
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Industry Engagement
Sustainability Commitment: Intensified Awareness & Advocacy
The Group is consistently demonstrating its commitment to nurture a culture of continuous learning and knowledge 
sharing. This is being achieved through the active involvement of our employees, from the management team to 
the working levels, in various industry working groups and committees. These engagements serve as opportunities 
for us to showcase our dedication and expertise, share valuable insights, and contribute to shaping the industry’s 
approach to sustainability. 
Participating in these collaborative platforms enables us to express our interests and perspectives effectively. We 
leverage on these platforms to advocate sustainable practices, influence industry direction, and collaborate with 
industry peers effectively to achieve shared sustainability goals. Through these collective efforts, we strive to drive 
positive change and make meaningful contributions to sustainable development within our industry and beyond.
Organisation Platform
Bursa Public Listed Companies Transformation (PLCT)
Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB) Sustainability Sub Committee
Malaysian Takaful Association (MTA)
FSB Strategic Thrusts: 2B (Financial Resilience)
FSB Strategic Thrusts: 3 (Tech Advancement)
FSB Strategic Thrusts: 4 (Gov)
Joint Committee of Climate Change 
(JC3)
JC3 Steering Comm 1 (SC1)
JC3 Physical Risk (PRWG)
JC3 Transition Risk (TRWG)
CCPT Implementation Group (IG)
CCPT IG Subgroup: Data
CCPT IG Subgroup: DDQ
CCPT IG Subgroup: FAQ
CCPT IG Subgroup: ITO
MNRB’s commitment to sustainability leadership is exemplified through our comprehensive approach encompassing 
capacity building, industry engagement, and pioneering industry projects. Through continuous learning and 
collaboration, we empower our workforce to champion sustainability initiatives, engage with industry stakeholders, 
and lead transformative projects that drive positive change. We will continue to collaborate with industry 
stakeholders and other relevant organisations, leveraging meaningful insights to drive initiatives that align with 
our sustainability vision and objectives. By championing knowledge sharing, capacity building, and best practices,  
we aim to create a more resilient and sustainable future for our industry and the communities we serve.
Anti-bribery and Corruption
Sustainability Commitment: Effective Sustainability Management
Materiality Matter: Sustainability Governance and Ethical Business Practices
The MNRB Group adopts a zero-tolerance approach towards bribery, corruption, and money laundering. We uphold 
values of integrity, collaboration, and expertise, prioritising the preservation of our stakeholders’ interest in all 
that we do. Our internal policies and protocols comprehensively address issues such as bribery, corruption, and 
money laundering, and are regularly communicated to all employees. Through the stringent implementation of 
these measures, we are committed to fostering an environment where ethical business conduct is necessary.
In accordance with Section 17A of the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (“MACC”) (Amendment) Act 2018, 
the Companies Act 2016, and the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (“MCCG”) 2021, there is a growing 
emphasis on enhancing board oversight and integrating sustainability considerations into a company’s strategy 
and operations. Upholding principles of good governance, the MNRB Group is dedicated to combating bribery 
and corruption while maintaining the integrity of our business operations and ensuring compliance with legal 
requirements. The following policies underscore our efforts to date: 
Group Whistleblowing Policy No Gift Policy
The Code outlines our business practices, zero-
tolerance stance against corruption, interactions 
with stakeholders, and personal accountability. 
Applicable to all MNRB Group employees, this Code 
serves as a cornerstone of our ethical conduct.
This policy establishes a secure and confidential 
channel for directors, employees, and other 
stakeholders to report concerns regarding any 
unacceptable practices or misconduct. Individuals 
are encouraged to raise issues without fear of 
reprisal or unfair treatment, ensuring transparency 
and accountability throughout our organisation.
This policy mandates that MNRB Group employees 
shall not, directly or indirectly, offer, promise, give, 
solicit, accept, or agree to accept, or attempt 
to obtain bribes in order to achieve business or 
personal advantages for themselves or others, or 
engage in any transaction that can be construed 
as having contravened the anti-corruption laws of 
Malaysia and applicable foreign laws.
To achieve the highest levels of trust and 
transparency in its business operations, the MNRB 
Group strictly upholds and adheres to a No-
Gift Policy in all its business dealings. This policy 
dictates that no Group employee shall accept or 
provide gifts to third parties so as to avoid conflicts 
of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest 
in any ongoing or potential business dealings of 
MNRB Group.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES
Our continuous efforts include regular anti-corruption awareness training for employees, with 100% of our 
workforce trained in FY2024. The launch of the MNRB Group Integrity Week further reflects our dedication to 
ethical practices. Additionally, we have conducted thorough assessments on our business operations, covering 
100% of our workforce, to identify and mitigate corruption-related risks among our workforce while promoting 
a culture of transparency and accountability. While there were no incidents of corruption reported during the 
reporting period, we remain vigilant in upholding our zero-tolerance policy towards corrupt practices. We are 
dedicated to continuously promoting ethical conduct and fostering a workplace free from corruption.
Group Code of Ethics Group Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy


---- Page 43 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
8382
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (“AML/CFT”) 
Sustainability Commitment: Effective Sustainability Management
Materiality Matter: Sustainability Governance and Ethical Business Practices
At MNRB Group, we are committed to upholding the highest standards of ethical conduct and financial integrity 
across all aspects of our operations. Our sustainability efforts extend beyond environmental and social considerations 
to include Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (“AML/CFT”) initiatives. Guided by 
regulatory requirements and international best practices, we have been implementing the appropriate AML/CFT 
policies and procedures. These measures safeguard our business from financial crime and foster a transparent 
and responsible financial ecosystem. Our dedication to ethical business practices reinforces our commitment to 
ensuring financial integrity, contributing to a more sustainable and secure future.
Data Privacy and Security 
Sustainability Commitment: Effective Sustainability Management
Materiality Matter: Sustainability Governance, Ethical Business Practices and Cybersecurity &  
Data Privacy
The MNRB Group places paramount importance on safeguarding customer privacy and protecting sensitive data as 
these are crucial elements in upholding stakeholders’ trust and confidence. To this end, we continuously prioritise 
the enhancement of our cybersecurity control measures through ongoing investments in the latest IT infrastructure 
and comprehensive employee awareness programmes.
Our group-wide cybersecurity awareness efforts, in collaboration with our external partner KnowBe4, include regular 
cybersecurity training, phishing tests, and awareness programmes for employees, covering essential security topics 
such as password protection, phishing prevention, privacy, and compliance. The weekly newsletter, “ICT Tips of the 
Day”, serves as a valuable platform to ensure a collective understanding of cybersecurity best practices among our 
workforces. Complementing our robust cybersecurity measures, we have implemented a comprehensive Personal 
Data Protection Policy as well as Privacy Notices, setting stringent compliance standards for personal data collection 
and processing.
During the reporting period, we are pleased to report that there were no cybersecurity data breaches. However, 
there was one isolated incident of a data compromise due to a glitch in our Online Customer Account portal. We 
promptly took corrective action and addressed the issue. This incident, while regrettable, has provided valuable 
insights that have strengthened our ongoing efforts to enhance data privacy and security measures across the 
organisation.
To mitigate any recurrence, we have deployed a range of security solutions. These include the Hybrid Security 
Operations Centre (“SOC”), Web Application Firewall (“WAF”), Multi-factor Authentication (“MFA”), Distributed 
Denial of Services (“DDoS”), Privileged Access Management, Data Loss Prevention (“DLP”) Solution, Advanced 
Persistent Threat Solution, Web Gateway, and Endpoint Protection Security Software Suite.
We remain steadfast in our commitment to transparency, accountability, and maintaining open communication with 
stakeholders while preserving their trust and confidence in our data privacy and security practices. 
Shariah Governance Framework
Sustainability Commitment: Effective Sustainability Management
Materiality Matter: Sustainability Governance
MNRB’s Shariah Governance Framework stands as a pillar of confidence for stakeholders, ensuring our adherence 
to shariah principles in all facets of our operations. In FY2024, we strengthened this framework by integrating 
sustainability considerations into it. Our latest strategic enhancement mandates that our Group Shariah Committee 
(“GSC”) oversee the Shariah-related aspects of our sustainability strategies. 
Additionally, the GSC is also responsible for ensuring that the Group’s Sustainability Policy adheres to the Shariah 
Governance Framework’s parameters. This will ensue we are continuously incorporating Value-Based Intermediation 
Takaful or VBIT principles and Maqasid Shariah principles into our sustainability initiatives, further strengthening the 
Group’s ethical and sustainability practices.
The Group has proactively integrated sustainability principles into our business activities and practices by engaging 
in active discussions with relevant stakeholders to gather their perspectives and feedback. These discussions 
are focused on enhancing various operational areas, including investment, procurement processes, product 
development, underwriting, pricing, and other support functions.
As part of our internal awareness efforts, we continuously encourage our internal stakeholders to consider 
incorporating a basic sustainability checklist or basic sustainability due diligence questions within their operational 
processes. This effort aims to jumpstart the integration of a sustainability mindset and promote a basic understanding 
of sustainability among our workforce in all aspects of their roles, especially in their day-to-day responsibilities.
This proactive step ensures that we not only meet regulatory requirements but also address public expectations 
and evolving sustainability standards locally and internationally. These actions will enable us to effectively manage 
sustainability within the Group and ensure that our governance of sustainability-related matters remains robust and 
steadfast as we become more conscious of our approach to sustainability.
. 
INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY PRINCIPLES INTO BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
AND PRACTICES


---- Page 44 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
8584
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Measure and Monitor Portfolio Carbon Emissions
We have developed a Portfolio Carbon Emissions assessment template using methodologies aligned 
with the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) and the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Route to Achieving a Net Zero Carbon Investment Portfolio by 2050
Compliance with Regulatory Requirements
We have evaluated our financial investment activities in the portfolio by incorporating guiding principles 
and classification requirements outlined in the BNM’s Climate Change Principle-based Taxonomy  
(CCPT) guidelines, ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements.
Classifying Climate Assets to Support Climate Mitigation and Adaption Efforts
Adhering to ESG Criteria
• We prioritise investments in companies listed in FTSE 4Good Index, which aligns with the  
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
• We focus on sovereign issuances included in the FTSE ESG World Government Bond Index.
• We exclude sensitive sectors such as tobacco, weapons, and coal pure play from our equity investment, 
as outlined in the FTSE’s guidelines.
• We have access to the SRI Sukuk and SRI Fund granted by the Securities Commission Malaysia.
• Moreover, some issuers within our portfolio have developed their own internal ESG frameworks.
Selecting Best-in-Class ESG Criteria Across Asset Classes to Steer Responsible Investing
Embracing Value-based Practices
• We strictly adhere to the Maqasid Shariah approach in our investment process, which involves the 
exclusion of securities engaged in activities forbidden in Islam such as gambling, gaming, alcohol, 
tobacco, and any non-permissible actions under Shariah law.
• These principles are applicable to all investments in Shariah-compliant instruments as per the MNRB 
Group’s policies and guidelines.
Incorporating the Maqasid Shariah Approach into the Investment Process
Sustainable Investing Guideline
Sustainability Commitment: Net Zero Carbon Investment Portfolio by 2050 and Effective Sustainability 
Management
Materiality Matter: Sustainability Governance and Responsible Investment
The Board oversees the investment process through the Group Investment Committee, which also evaluates 
investments based on sustainable criteria. The Group Investment Department and Group Investment Management 
Committee diligently monitor and assess investment portfolios in alignment with our Investment Policy Statement 
(“IPS”), ensuring robust risk management. Strategic Asset Allocations are rigorously safeguarded by the Investment 
Department, where investment portfolios are thoroughly reviewed and approved by the Board.
Our climate and responsible actions are integrated into the Group Sustainable Investing Guideline to facilitate the 
transition to achieve our Net Zero Carbon Investment Portfolio by 2050 commitment. Furthermore, the Group’s 
Sustainable Investing Guideline has undergone considerable enhancement, focusing on key areas such as Portfolio 
Carbon Footprint Approach, CCPT Assessment Approach, and ESG Investing Assessment Approach.
CLIMATE-RELATED COMMITMENTS AND DISCLOSURE 
Sustainability Commitment: Net Zero Carbon Enterprise by 2030, Net Zero Carbon Investment Portfolio 
by 2050, Net Zero Carbon Business Portfolio by 2050, Effective Sustainability 
Management and TCFD-aligned Disclosures
Materiality Matter: Climate Risk & Emissions Management, Responsible Investment and 
Sustainability Governance
With climate change emerging as one of the most 
pressing concerns globally, MNRB remains vigilant about 
the impacts associated with it. The interconnected 
environmental shifts on a global scale introduce significant 
uncertainties in terms of risks and opportunities. In line 
with this understanding, we are committed to enhancing 
our climate-related disclosures to ensure alignment 
with TCFD recommendations. This initiative reflects our 
recognition of the importance of providing comprehensive 
and transparent information to our stakeholders regarding 
climate-related risks and opportunities. 
Moving forward, MNRB aims to disclose its climate-related 
commitments and relevant basic financial disclosures 
by FY2025 by incorporating key TCFD elements such 
as governance, strategy, risk management, metrics 
and targets, business activities, and operations. These 
enhanced disclosures would strengthen our transparency 
practices and equip our investors and stakeholders with 
the essential information to more effectively assess 
climate-related risks and opportunities within MNRB’s 
business, investment activities, and overall operations.
Adhering to Regulatory Frameworks
MNRB is dedicated to managing climate risks and 
integrating sustainability seamlessly into our operations. 
Our approach aligns meticulously with regulatory 
guidelines, notably BNM’s Climate Change and Principle-
Based Taxonomy or CCPT guidance. This alignment 
underscores the transparency and consistency of our 
reporting on underwriting and investment activities, 
including the submission of our half-yearly exposure 
reports to BNM since July 2022. We are also in the midst 
of assessing our investment portfolio, covering listed 
equity, corporate bonds, and sukuk.
Compliance and Action Plans
In compliance with BNM’s Climate Risk Management 
and Scenario Analysis (“CRMSA”) policy document, 
we have set in place a comprehensive group-wide and 
entity-specific plan since 2023. This plan focuses on 
implementing climate risk management across critical 
areas such as governance, strategy, risk management, 
metrics and targets as well as business activities and 
operations.
Climate Risk Management Aspiration
Our aspiration is to emerge as a leading entity in climate-
related risk management within Malaysia’s financial sector. 
To achieve this goal, we are initiating a comprehensive 
internal assessment exercise where we plan to collaborate 
with consultants to identify physical and transitional risks 
related to our business. This initiative, combined with 
the recently issued Climate Risk Stress Testing (“CRST”) 
paper from BNM, will evaluate our financial resilience 
against climate-related risks.
Integration into Group Risk Management Framework
We employ advanced tools such as the AIR Worldwide 
CAT Modelling Tool and Risk Management Solution to 
monitor catastrophe risk exposure effectively. Our Group 
Risk Management Framework and Policy, aligned with the 
Board’s defined risk appetite and BNM’s Risk Governance 
Guidelines, ensures a systematic approach to identify, 
assess, measure, control, mitigate and continuously 
monitor the risks that affect the Group and its entities.
Furthermore, we actively engage with our stakeholders, 
reinsurance brokers, and industry working groups to 
enhance our understanding and management of climate-
related risks. This includes reviewing retakaful and 
retrocession arrangements to bolster risk protection 
against catastrophe losses.
ESG Integration and Sustainability Framework
Recognising the growing importance of ESG issues, we 
have integrated ESG risk categories, with climate change 
as a sub-risk, into our Group Risk Landscape. We are also 
developing a new Group Sustainability Risk Management 
Framework to further strengthen our commitment to 
sustainability and contribute to broader environmental 
objectives.
Through the above initiatives, we aim to fortify our 
business resilience, ensure long-term sustainability, 
and play a proactive role in contributing to the broader 
environmental objectives of sustainable development.


---- Page 45 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
8786
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
Sustainability Commitment: Effective Sustainability Management and Intensified Awareness & Advocacy
Materiality Matter: Sustainability Governance
In our steadfast commitment to nurturing a sustainability mindset within the MNRB Group, our newly formed Group 
Sustainability Management Department or GSMD has been collaborating with various departments to drive internal 
awareness initiatives. These pilot initiatives are essential for aligning with our governance pillar and fostering a 
holistic approach to sustainability management.
Townhall Engagement
Our quarterly townhall engagements aim to raise awareness and garner support from our internal community 
for sustainability initiatives crucial to achieving our sustainability goals, both for the short and long term. These 
engagements serve as s platform to foster open dialogue, share the current progress of our sustainability efforts, 
seek input and feedback, as well as encourage commitment from the workforce.
Sustainability Buzz
A cornerstone of our internal awareness strategy is the “Sustainability Buzz” newsletter, distributed biweekly via 
our intranet platform. This newsletter facilitates engagement by showcasing sustainability initiatives, promoting 
sustainability awareness, and highlighting upcoming events and training opportunities. It also features updates on 
past initiatives such as the Tree of Tomorrow tree planting event and senior management sustainability training.
Network of Sustainability Champions
Integral to our internal awareness efforts is the appointment of sustainability champions across the MNRB 
Group. These dedicated individuals, driven by a passion for sustainability, play a pivotal role in integrating 
sustainability principles into day-to-day operations at their respective entities. They act as catalysts for change, 
facilitate initiatives to embed the sustainability principles into their business operations, report progress to senior 
management committees and stakeholders, and actively participate in capacity-building programmes to enhance 
their sustainability understanding and expertise.
Tree of Tomorrow
The ToT initiative that stems from our pledge to plant 2,500 trees alongside the Group’s 50 th anniversary serves as 
a catalyst, igniting internal awareness within our workforce and sparking greater interest in sustainability efforts. 
Leveraging on the Group’s pledge, the initiative supports environmental preservation and fosters a collective ethos 
of environmental responsibility within the workforce, reinforcing MNRB’s dedication to championing a sustainable 
future.
Through these internal awareness approaches, we aim to cultivate a culture of sustainability awareness and action 
within the Group. We will accomplish this by empowering employees at all levels to collectively contribute to the 
Group’s sustainability objectives and drive positive impact, by cascading this internally group-wide and outwardly 
among our external stakeholders.
INTERNAL AWARENESS INITIATIVES FUTURE OUTLOOK
Embracing Sustainability with Greater Purpose
Looking ahead, the MNRB Group is committed to embracing sustainability with greater purpose and conviction, 
going beyond regulatory requirements. Our primary focus remains on integrating sustainability ideals within our 
business operations, strategies, and culture, infusing our workforce with a DNA that embodies sustainability values 
and reflecting those values in our business approach, including our products and service offerings.
As a responsible corporate citizen, we aim to make conscious choices that will positively impact our bottom line 
and benefit the communities and environments in which we operate. Moving forward, our sustainability approach 
will be guided by meaningful actions and conscious decisions. We will continue to invest in sustainable practices, 
technologies and innovations that can help us reduce our environmental footprint, enhance social well-being, and 
promote ethical governance. 
Our commitment extends to fostering collaboration and partnerships, working closely with stakeholders, industry 
peers and communities to co-create sustainable solutions and drive positive change. The Group remains dedicated 
to transparency, accountability, and continuous improvement, ensuring our sustainability journey remains impactful 
and meaningful, aligned with global best practices while adhering to regulatory requirements. 


---- Page 46 ----
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
8988
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement 
Unit 2024
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption  
by employee category
 Senior Vice Presidents and above Percentage 100.00
 Vice Presidents Percentage 100.00
 Assistant Vice Presidents Percentage 100.00
 Executive Percentage 100.00
 Personal Assistant Percentage 100.00
 Clerk Percentage 100.00
 Uniform Percentage 100.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 0
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are 
external to the listed issuer 
MYR 2,034,285.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number 12,549
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee 
category
 Age Group by Employee Category
 Senior Vice Presidents and above Under 30 Percentage 0.00
 Senior Vice Presidents and above 30 - 39 Percentage 8.00
 Senior Vice Presidents and above 40 - 49 Percentage 28.00
 Senior Vice Presidents and above Above 50 Percentage 64.00
 Vice Presidents Under 30 Percentage 0.00
 Vice Presidents 30 - 39 Percentage 11.00
 Vice Presidents 40 - 49 Percentage 45.00
 Vice Presidents Above 50 Percentage 44.00
 Assistant Vice Presidents Under 30 Percentage 3.00
 Assistant Vice Presidents 30 - 39 Percentage 39.00
 Assistant Vice Presidents 40 - 49 Percentage 43.00
 Assistant Vice Presidents Above 50 Percentage 15.00
 Executive Under 30 Percentage 36.00
 Executive 30 - 39 Percentage 42.00
 Executive 40 - 49 Percentage 15.00
 Executive Above 50 Percentage 6.00
 Personal Assistant Under 30 Percentage 0.00
 Personal Assistant 30 - 39 Percentage 23.00
 Personal Assistant 40 - 49 Percentage 32.00
 Personal Assistant Above 50 Percentage 45.00
 Clerk Under 30 Percentage 0.00
 Clerk 30 - 39 Percentage 52.00
 Clerk 40 - 49 Percentage 9.00
 Clerk Above 50 Percentage 39.00
 Uniform Under 30 Percentage 0.00
 Uniform 30 - 39 Percentage 0.00
Indicator Measurement 
Unit 2024
 Uniform 40 - 49 Percentage 67.00
 Uniform Above 50 Percentage 33.00
 Gender Group by Employee Category
 Senior Vice Presidents and above Male Percentage 64.00
 Senior Vice Presidents and above Female Percentage 36.00
 Vice Presidents Male Percentage 68.00
 Vice Presidents Female Percentage 32.00
 Assistant Vice Presidents Male Percentage 49.00
 Assistant Vice Presidents Female Percentage 51.00
 Executive Male Percentage 35.00
 Executive Female Percentage 65.00
 Personal Assistant Male Percentage 0.00
 Personal Assistant Female Percentage 100.00
 Clerk Male Percentage 48.00
 Clerk Female Percentage 52.00
 Uniform Male Percentage 75.00
 Uniform Female Percentage 25.00
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
 Male Percentage 57.00
 Female Percentage 43.00
 Under 30 Percentage 0.00
 30 - 39 Percentage 0.00
 40 - 49 Percentage 0.00
 Above 50 Percentage 100.00
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption* Megawatt 24.49
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate (“LTIR”) Rate 0.00
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number 1
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
 Senior Vice Presidents and above Hours 878
 Vice Presidents Hours 1,853
 Assistant Vice Presidents Hours 3,329
 Executive Hours 4,330
 Personal Assistant Hours 96
 Clerk Hours 166
 Uniform Hours 122
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 4.00
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
 Senior Vice Presidents and above Number 2
 Vice Presidents Number 20
 Assistant Vice Presidents Number 33
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE


---- Page 47 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
91
ANNUAL REPORT 2024
90
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD
Indicator Measurement 
Unit 2024
 Executive Number 55
 Personal Assistant Number 0
 Clerk Number 1
 Uniform Number 1
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number 0
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 98.50
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy 
and losses of customer data
Number 0
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 27.079000
*Note: 
The total energy consumption is 4,318,037 kWh = 4,318.037 MWh = 15,545 GJ 
Conversion rates used are 1 kWh = 0.001 MWh and 1 MWh = 3.6 GJ.
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
20241
RM’000
20231
RM’000
20222
RM’000
20212
RM’000
20202
RM’000
Revenue 3,511,916 2,838,304 3,257,512 2,836,375 2,553,108
Profit before zakat and tax 505,782 144,684 127,482 223,236 150,922
Profit after zakat and tax 433,539 118,280 114,422 189,495 132,907
Total assets 12,580,630 11,389,275 11,272,159 9,910,213 9,214,807
Shareholders’ fund 3,123,632 2,736,622 2,471,674 2,418,320 2,271,787
Share capital 738,502 738,502 738,502 738,502 738,502
Earnings per share (sen) 55.4 15.1 14.6 24.2* 17.2
Net assets per share (RM) 4.0 3.5 3.16 3.09* 2.90
Profit before zakat and tax to 
Shareholders’ fund (%) 16.19 5.29 5.16 9.23 6.64
Profit after zakat and tax to 
Shareholders’ fund (%) 13.88 4.32 4.63 7.84 5.85
* on enlarged Share Capital persuant to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (“DRP”) exercise
1 Represent number under MFRS 17
2 Represent number under MFRS 4


---- Page 48 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
9392
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
FIVE-YEAR GROUP PERFORMANCE
REVENUE
(RM’000)
2,836,376
2,553,108
3,257,512
2,838,304
3,511,916
20’ 22’ 21’ 23’ 24’
RM3,511,916
2024
TOTAL ASSETS
(RM’000)
9,910,213
9,214,807
11,272,15912,580,630
11,389,275
20’ 22’ 21’ 23’ 24’
EARNINGS PER SHARE
(sen)
14.6
24.2
15.1
17.2
55.4
20’ 22’ 21’ 23’ 24’
PROFIT BEFORE ZAKAT  
AND TAX
(RM’000)
127,482
223,236
144,684
150,922
505,782
20’ 22’ 21’ 23’ 24’
RM505,782
2024
SHAREHOLDERS’ FUND
(RM’000)
2,471,674
2,418,320
2,736,622
2,271,787
3,123,632
20’ 22’ 21’ 23’ 24’
RM3,123,632
2024
NET ASSET PER SHARE
(RM)
3.2
3.1
3.5
2.9
4.0
20’ 22’ 21’ 23’ 24’
RM4.0
2024
RM12,580,630 RM55.4
2024 2024
INVESTORS INFORMATION
1/4/23-31/3/24 1/4/22-31/3/23 1/4/21-31/3/22 1/4/20-31/3/21 1/4/19-31/3/20 1/4/18-31/3/19
Closing Price (RM) 1.79 0.93 1.08 1.30 0.565 1.03
Highest Price (RM) 1.93 1.12 1.43 1.47 1.19 1.99
Lowest Price (RM) 0.93 0.85 0.98 0.55 0.47 0.85
Total Volume Traded
(‘000)
 139,881  139,870  164,720  344,640  113,710  202,783 
Gross Dividend Yield 
(%)
 -   4.78 3.70 2.31 4.42 0.00
Price Earning Ratio (x) 3.23 6.20 7.20 5.42 3.32 5.15
Source: Bloomberg @ 18/07/2024
SHARE PRICES AND VOLUME TRADED (JANUARY 2022- MARCH 2024)
COUNTER: MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD
PERFORMANCE OF SHARES (JANUARY 2022 - MARCH 2024)
Volume Traded Closing Price of MNRB Share (RM)
1.80
1.50
1.20
0.90
0.60
0.30
0.00
60,000.00
45,000.00
30,000.00
15,000.00
-
Volume Traded (‘000)Volume Traded (‘000)
Closing Price (RM)
Jan-22
Feb-22
Mar-22
Apr-22
May-22
Jun-22
Jul-22
Aug-22
Sep-22
Oct-22
Nov-22
Dec-22
Jan-23
Feb-23
Mar-23
Apr-23
May-23
Jun-23
Jul-23
Aug-23
Sep-23
Oct-23
Nov-23
Dec-23
Jan-24
Feb-24
Mar-24
1.80
1.50
1.20
0.90
0.60
0.30
0.00
1,700.00
1,620.00
1,540.00
1,460.00
1,380.00
1,300.00
Closing Price (RM)
Jan-22
Feb-22
Mar-22
Apr-22
May-22
Jun-22
Jul-22
Aug-22
Sep-22
Oct-22
Nov-22
Dec-22
Jan-23
Feb-23
Mar-23
Apr-23
May-23
Jun-23
Jul-23
Aug-23
Sep-23
Oct-23
Nov-23
Dec-23
Jan-24
Feb-24
Mar-24
Closing Price of MNRB Share (RM) FBM KLCI Index (points)
MFRS 4 MFRS 17


---- Page 49 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
95
ANNUAL REPORT 2024
94
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD
FINANCIAL CALENDAR 2024
UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS
Date of Notice of AGM
31 July 2024
AGM Date
27 September 2024
51
ST
ANNUAL 
GENERAL 
MEETING
Report as at
30 June 2023
Report as at
31 December 2023
Q1
Q3
Quarterly Result
Quarterly Result
Q2
Q4
Quarterly Result
Quarterly Result
DIRECTORS’ PROFILE
Non-Independent Non-Executive Chairman
Date of Appointment: 1 October 2017
71 M 11/11
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
DATUK JOHAR CHE MAT
Announcement Date
30 August 2023
Announcement Date
7 February 2024
Report as at
30 September 2023
Report as at
31 March 2024
Announcement Date
17 November 2023
Announcement Date
8 May 2024
• Not related to any Director and/or major shareholder of MNRB, except being a Nominee Director of Permodalan Nasional Berhad.
•	Does	not	have	any	conflict	of	interest	or	potential	conflict	of	interest,	including	interest	in	any	competing	business	with	MNRB	or	its	subsidiaries.
•	Has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences,	other	than	traffic	offences,	if	any,	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
•	Has	never	been	imposed	public	sanction	or	penalty	by	the	relevant	regulatory	bodies	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2024.
Board Committee Membership 
• Member of Risk Management Committee of the Board
Other Committee Membership
• Member of Group Investment Committee
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Bachelor of Economics Degree, University of Malaya 
Skill and Experience 
• Datuk Johar has thirty-seven (37) years of experience in 
the banking industry. He joined Malayan Banking Berhad 
(“Maybank”) in 1976, where he served in various divisions 
including in senior positions as the Manager/Senior Manager 
covering the transactional banking (operations), retail 
finance, retail marketing 
and private banking. From 1993 to 
1995, he was appointed as the Regional Manager for Maybank 
branches in Selangor and Negeri Sembilan.
• In 1996, he was promoted as the General Manager, 
Commercial Banking Division and subsequently served as the 
Senior General Manager, Corporate Banking and Enterprise 
Banking Division in 2000.
• In 2002 he was promoted as the Senior Executive Vice 
President, Retail Financial Services and was thereafter 
appointed 
as the Chief Operating Officer of the Maybank 
Group from 2006 till 2010.
Directorship in Other Companies
Listed Entities
• Edelteq Holdings Berhad
• Dagang NeXchange Berhad
Other Public Companies
• Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad
• Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad
• Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad
• Malaysian Re (Dubai) Ltd
• Ping Petroleum Limited


---- Page 50 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
9796
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS’ PROFILEDIRECTORS’ PROFILE
Board Committee Membership 
• Chairman of Audit Committee
• Member of Group Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Fellow Member of Association of Chartered Certified 
Accountants (UK)
• Member of Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants
• Member of Malaysian Institute of Accountants
Skill and Experience 
• Khalid has considerable experience in the banking industry 
having held several senior positions, namely, Managing 
Director of Bank Kerjasama Rakyat Malaysia Berhad, General 
Manager, Consumer Banking of Malayan Banking 
Berhad and 
Executive Director of United Merchant Finance Berhad.
• He had previously managed three (3) listed companies as 
Executive Director of Tronoh Mines Malaysia Berhad, as 
Deputy Executive Chairman of Furqan Business Organisation 
Berhad and as Group Managing Director of Seacera Tiles
 
Berhad.
Directorship in Other Companies
Listed Entities
• Nil
Other Public Companies
• Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad 
• Kuwait Finance House (Malaysia) Berhad
Other Appointment
• Employees Provident Fund
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 1 October 2019 
68 M 11/11
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
KHALID SUFAT
Board Committee Membership 
• Chairman of Group Nomination & Remuneration Committee
• Member of Risk Management Committee of the Board
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• LLB (Hons), University of Warwick, United Kingdom
• Barrister-at-Law at Gray’s Inn, United Kingdom
• Master of Business Administration, University of Strathclyde, 
United Kingdom
Skill and Experience 
• Zaida Khalida began her career in 1991 in legal practice with 
Messrs. Zain & Co. Thereafter, in 1997, she joined Permodalan 
Nasional Berhad (“PNB”) as legal advisor to the corporate 
finance group and subsequently appointed as the 
Senior 
Compliance Officer & Head of Legal Department. She was 
also appointed as the joint Company Secretary of PNB.
• She joined Khazanah Nasional Berhad (“Khazanah”) in 
January 2007 as a Senior Vice President of Investments and 
was subsequently appointed as Director of Investments in 
April 2009. During her stint in Khazanah, she oversaw the 
real estate and education investments of Khazanah. She 
served Khazanah as an Executive Director of Investments 
until January 2019.
• Zaida Khalida was later appointed as Chief Executive Officer 
of 
Yayasan AMIR, a non-profit organisation that focus to 
improve accessibility to quality education in public schools 
through a Public-Private Partnership with the Ministry of 
Education Malaysia from 1 June 2020 until 30 June 2022. On 
1 July 2022, she was appointed as an Advisor for Yayasan 
AMIR.
• She is also the Advisor of Yayasan MeReka, an alternative 
education entity that aims to level up the youth skills on the 
necessary digital and other skills for the future.
Directorship in Other Companies
Listed Entities
• UEM Sunrise Berhad
• Cement Industries of Malaysia Berhad
• AEON Co. (M) Berhad.
Other Public Companies
• Pelaburan Hartanah Nasional Berhad
• Prima Ekuiti (UK) Limited
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 1 October 2019 
ZAIDA KHALIDA SHAARI
56 F 10/11
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
• Not related to any Director and/or major shareholder of MNRB.
•	Does	not	have	any	conflict	of	interest	or	potential	conflict	of	interest,	including	interest	in	any	competing	business	with	MNRB	or	its	subsidiaries.
•	Has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences,	other	than	traffic	offences,	if	any,	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
•	Has	never	been	imposed	public	sanction	or	penalty	by	the	relevant	regulatory	bodies	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2024.
• Not related to any Director and/or major shareholder of MNRB.
•	Does	not	have	any	conflict	of	interest	or	potential	conflict	of	interest,	including	interest	in	any	competing	business	with	MNRB	or	its	subsidiaries.
•	Has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences,	other	than	traffic	offences,	if	any,	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
•	Has	never	been	imposed	public	sanction	or	penalty	by	the	relevant	regulatory	bodies	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2024.
Board Committee Membership 
• Member of Audit Committee
• Member of Group Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Diploma in Investment Analysis, Institut Teknologi MARA
• Bachelor of Business Administration majoring in Finance, 
Western Michigan University, United States of America
Skill and Experience 
• Junaidah began her career as an Executive Officer of Bank
 
Bumiputra Malaysia Berhad (now CIMB Bank Berhad) in 
1984.
• Her career in central banking began in 1988 when she joined 
Bank Negara Malaysia (“BNM”). Her over 30-year experience 
in BNM had been mainly in the regulation and supervision 
of the insurance and insurance-related industry including
 
insurance broking and loss adjusting.
• Throughout her career in the central bank, she had 
contributed significantly to the development of the Malaysian 
insurance industry driving major policy initiatives among
 
which include liberalisation of the motor and fire tariffs, 
development of micro insurance framework, optimisation of 
national retention, introduction of deferred annuity scheme 
and establishment of Protection and Indemnity Malaysia (a 
Malaysian P&I Club).
Directorship in Other Companies
Listed Entities
• Nil
Other Public Companies
• Nil
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 1 October 2019 
65 F 11/11
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
JUNAIDAH MOHD SAID
Board Committee Membership 
• Chairman of Risk Management Committee of the Board
• Member of Audit Committee
Other Committee Membership  
• Member of Group Investment Committee 
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants 
(UK)
• Member of Malaysian Institute of Accountants
• Member of Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Skill and Experience 
• He has thirty-eight (38) years of experience in the insurance 
industry. He began his insurance career in 1981 when he joined 
American International Assurance Company Limited as an 
Accountant. In 1999, he was transferred to AIG Lippo Life 
Insurance Company, Indonesia as Vice President-Director. 
Subsequently, in 2000, 
he joined TATA AIG Life Insurance 
Company, India as Managing Director.
• He later joined ACE INA Holdings Inc, India as Country 
Head/CEO in 2002 and thereafter in 2003 he was 
appointed Chairman/Managing Director of ACE Life, Egypt, 
concurrently.
• In 2007, he joined the Dubai International Financial Centre, 
UAE as the Executive Director, Business Development. In 
2010, he was appointed as the CEO & General Representative, 
Assicurazioni Generali, S.p.A. for the Middle East and North 
African Region based in Dubai.
Directorship in Other Companies
Listed Entities
• Nil
Other Public Companies
• Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad 
• Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad
• Malaysian Re (Dubai) Ltd
• Labuan Reinsurance (L) Ltd
• Labuan Re Underwriting Ltd
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 1 January 2018 
70 M 11/11
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
GEORGE OOMMEN


---- Page 51 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
9998
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Board Committee Membership 
• Member of Risk Management Committee of the Board
Other Committee Membership
• Member of Information Technology Oversight Committee 
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Bachelor of Arts (Economics) University of Malaya
Skill and Experience 
• She began her career as a systems engineer at IBM in 1993 
and developed her career through leadership positions in 
services delivery, technical support, sales and operations 
functions.
• She has 28 years of experience in the technology field 
and 
last served as the General Manager for Industries in IBM. She 
worked with large enterprises across multiple industries such 
as banking & insurance, oil & gas, travel & transportation, 
telecommunications and government agencies to explore 
and deploy leading edge technologies such as hybrid Cloud, 
mobile, IoT, AI/data analytics and Blockchain in creating 
competitive advantage.
• In the course of her career, she had collaborated with subject 
matter experts from around the world to share global best 
practices and implement transformation programmes 
to build robust, open and flexible business 
architectures 
that are resilient and secure. She brings with her a deep 
understanding and knowledge of organisation structures and 
agile ways of working to transform and build new business 
models and revenue streams as well as enhance efficiency 
and improve customer experience through digitalisation.
• Her interest in women leadership development led to her 
contribution to ICAEW’s Women In Leadership programme 
and participation as a mentor for Lean-In Malaysia Career 
Comeback initiative in 2019. She is a member of the Institute 
of Corporate Directors Malaysia and 30% Club in support of 
diversity, equality and inclusion.
Directorship in Other Companies
Listed Entities
• Nil
Other Public Companies
• Nil
• Not related to any Director and/or major shareholder of MNRB.
•	Does	not	have	any	conflict	of	interest	or	potential	conflict	of	interest,	including	interest	in	any	competing	business	with	MNRB	or	its	subsidiaries.
•	Has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences,	other	than	traffic	offences,	if	any,	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
•	Has	never	been	imposed	public	sanction	or	penalty	by	the	relevant	regulatory	bodies	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2024.
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 1 October 2023 
DIRECTORS’ PROFILE
CHIN SEE MEI
55 F 8/8
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
GROUP SHARIAH COMMITTEE’S PROFILE
SAHIBUS SAMAHAH ASSOC. PROF. 
DATUK DR. LUQMAN HAJI ABDULLAH
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Bachelor in Usul al Fiqh from Emir University of Islamic 
Sciences Algeria
• Masters in Usul al-Fiqh from International Islamic University 
Malaysia
• Ph.D in Usul al-Fiqh from University of Malaya
Skill and Experience 
• Holding the esteemed designation of Registered Financial 
Planner (RFP) under the Malaysian Financial Planning Council 
(MFPC), he brings a wealth of expertise in 
financial planning 
and advisory services to the table.
• As a distinguished member of the Accounting and Auditing 
Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) 
Shariah sub-committee, he contributes to shaping global 
standards and best practices in Islamic finance.
• Currently, he serves as a Senior Researcher and Deputy 
Director of Research Development and Innovation at 
the International Shari’ah Research Academy for Islamic 
Finance (ISRA), where his insights drive pioneering research 
initiatives in the field.
• Additionally, he holds the esteemed position of Professor 
at INCEIF University, Malaysia, where he imparts invaluable 
knowledge and expertise to the next generation of Islamic 
finance professionals.
• In his capacity as Deputy Chairman of the Shariah Committee 
of Al-Rajhi Bank, Malaysia, he plays a pivotal role in ensuring 
compliance with Shariah principles within the banking 
sector. He also serves as the sole Shariah advisor for Kuwait 
Retakaful (Labuan), showcasing his expertise in the realm of 
Islamic insurance. Furthermore, he serves 
as the Chairman 
of the Shariah Council of experts for Salam Takaful, Nigeria, 
and as the Deputy Chairman of Aljazair Mutahidah Takaful 
company in Algeria, underscoring his global influence and 
leadership in Islamic finance.
• Previously, he held esteemed positions such as Chairman of 
the Shari’ah board of Munich Re Retakaful and a member of 
the Shariah Committee of HSBC Amanah Malaysia, further 
highlighting his extensive experience and trusted reputation 
in the industry.
• With nearly 23 years of experience, he has taught Islamic 
finance subjects such as Takaful and Retakaful courses at 
the 
master’s and Ph.D. levels. His scholarly contributions extend 
to the publication of articles and books in Islamic Banking 
and Finance, particularly focusing on Takaful and Retakaful, 
enriching the academic discourse in the field.
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• B.A Shariah (Hons), University of Malaysia
• Ph.D in Islamic Law of Property, University of Edinburgh, 
Scotland
Skill and Experience 
• Currently, he holds the esteemed position of Mufti of Wilayah 
Persekutuan.
• Additionally, he serves as a distinguished Shariah Committee 
Member of MBSB Bank, offering expert insights to ensure 
compliance with Shariah principles in the banking sector. 
He is also appointed as a Shariah Panel Expert of Jabatan 
Kemajuan Islam Malaysia (JAKIM), further showcasing his 
expertise and influence in matters of Islamic governance.
• As a dedicated member of the Association of Shariah 
Advisors in Islamic Finance (ASAS), he contributes to 
shaping industry standards and best practices. Moreover, 
he holds significant roles as a Committee 
Member of the 
Shariah Advisory Council of Amanah Raya Berhad (ARB) 
demonstrating his commitment to advancing Islamic finance 
and philanthropy.
• Beyond his professional engagements, he serves as the 
Chairman of Madrasah Rahmaniah Pondok Lubuk Tapah, 
Pasir Mas, Kelantan, where he plays a pivotal role in 
nurturing Islamic education and values in the community. His 
dedication to academic pursuits is further 
evidenced by his 
tenure as a Visiting Scholar at the University of Edinburgh, 
Scotland in 2013.
• Previously, he held the esteemed position of Head of the Fiqh 
and Usul/Islamic Jurisprudence Department at the University 
of Malaya, where he contributed significantly to academic
 
discourse and scholarship. His areas of specialization 
encompass Islamic Law of Property, Islamic Jurisprudence/
Legal Theories, and Shariah/Fiqh Textual Studies (Dirasah 
Nassiyyah), reflecting his profound expertise in these 
domains.
Chairman
Date of Appointment: 3 November 2022
Member
Date of Appointment: 3 November 2020
PROF. DR. YOUNES SOUALHI
56 M 8/8
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
54 M 7/8
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
Board Committee Membership 
• Member of Risk Management Committee of the Board
Other Committee Membership
• Chairman of Group Investment Committee 
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Diploma in Accountancy, Institut Teknologi MARA
• Bachelor of Science in Finance, Northern Illinois University, 
United States of America
• Master in Business Administration, Governors State 
University, United States of America
Skill and Experience 
• Dato’ Wan Roshdi began his career with Permodalan Nasional 
Berhad (“PNB”) in 1985. During his early years, he had held 
various positions including Head of Corporate Services and 
Finance Department, during which he was responsible for 
the monitoring of investee companies and value enhancing
 
and strengthening of PNB’s strategic investment through 
corporate and capital restructuring, rationalisation, and 
listing.
• In 2004, he was appointed as Chief Investment Officer which
 
he held until 2015. During this period, he was involved in the 
setting of strategic direction for accomplishment of PNB’s 
investment goals. This includes the management and delivery 
of outcomes of PNB proprietary fund and unit trust funds 
through the formulation, recommendation and oversight of 
investment strategies relating to asset allocation, economic 
and sector allocation and financial market outlook.
• Prior to Dato’ Wan Roshdi retirement in June 2016, he held 
the position as Chief Risk Officer where he handled 
risk 
management and performance portfolio assessment for the 
business unit of PNB.
Directorship in Other Companies
Listed Entities
• Nil
Other Public Companies
• Nil
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment: 1 April 2020
DATO’ WAN ROSHDI WAN MUSA
66 M 11/11
Age Gender Nationality Attendance


---- Page 52 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
101100
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Bachelor of Shariah (First Class Honours), University of 
Malaya
• Master of Shariah, University of Malaya
• Ph.D specialising in Fiqh & Usul Fiqh from University of 
Jordan
Skill and Experience 
• She was an Associate Professor at the Academy of Islamic 
Studies in University of Malaya and a Senior Researcher at 
International Shari’ah 
Research Academy for Islamic Finance 
(ISRA).
• Her distinguished presence extends to multiple Shariah 
Committees of prestigious financial institutions, where she 
is entrusted with 
navigating complex Shariah issues with 
assurance.
• Currently, she holds esteemed positions as a Member of the 
Shariah Supervisory Council of Bank Islam Malaysia Berhad, 
the Shariah Committee of SME Bank, and the Shariah 
Committee of the Association of Islamic Banking Institutions 
Malaysia (AIBIM).
• Additionally, she serves as a Shariah Consultant at IBFIM, 
contributes to the Shariah Committee of Lembaga Zakat 
Selangor, and offers Shariah counsel to Pertubuhan Peladang 
Kebangsaan and Jawatankuasa Penasihat Ibadat Haji  
TH-JAKIM (AJPIH).
• Her extensive portfolio also includes past memberships on 
the Shariah Advisory Council of the Securities Commission 
Malaysia and the Shariah Committee of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad.
• She has lent her Shariah expertise to institutions such as 
Standard Chartered Bank, Bank Muamalat Malaysia Berhad, 
Standard Chartered Saadiq Berhad, JAKIM, Medic IG 
Holdings, BIMB Investment, and BIMB Securities Sdn Bhd.
• Notably, she served on the esteemed Shariah Advisory 
Council of Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) from 2013 to 2019. 
Throughout her career, her focus has remained steadfast 
on Islamic transactions, where she has garnered profound 
insights and made substantial contributions.
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Bachelor of Economics (Honours), International Islamic 
University Malaysia
• Bachelor of Islamic Studies (Shariah), The National University 
of Malaysia
• Master’s in actuarial science (with distinction) City University 
of London, United Kingdom
Skill and Experience 
• Currently, he serves as a respected Shariah Committee 
member for the Islamic Banking window at Citibank Berhad.
• With an illustrious career spanning over three decades, he 
has held various pivotal roles within Bank Negara Malaysia 
(BNM) since 1987. Notably, he served as Manager in the 
Financial Sector Development Department and Manager of 
the Insurance Development Department, where he played a 
key role in steering compliance review processes.
• His contributions to BNM were multifaceted, including 
involvement in strategic initiatives such as the formulation 
of the Balance Score Card for Life Insurance/Family Takaful 
Agents under the LIFE framework and the Development of
 
Business Plan of the Insurance Development Department, 
which became an integral part of the Bank’s overarching 
business strategy.
• He played a pivotal role in shaping policy frameworks, 
including the formulation of the policy document on direct
 
channels and the establishment of dedicated departments 
like the Islamic Banking and Takaful Department, which 
propelled the progress and development of the Islamic 
Financial System.
• Furthermore, his extensive expertise extends to insurance 
regulations and operations, where he has demonstrated 
a keen 
understanding and proficiency in navigating the 
intricacies of this sector.
Member
Date of Appointment: 3 November 2020
Member
Date of Appointment: 3 November 2020
GROUP SHARIAH COMMITTEE’S PROFILEGROUP SHARIAH COMMITTEE’S PROFILE
DR. SHAMSIAH MOHAMAD SHAHRIR SOFIAN
57 F 8/8
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
60 M 8/8
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Bachelor of Syariah (Hons.) University of Malaya
• Master of Syariah, University of Malaya
• Ph.D in Islamic Banking and Finance from International 
Islamic University of Malaysia
Skill and Experience 
• Currently, he holds the esteemed position of Senior Lecturer 
at Universiti Islam Selangor (UIS), where he specializes in 
Fiqh Muamalat (Islamic Law of Transactions) and Islamic 
Economics & Banking.
• He serves as the Chairman of the Shariah Committee at OCBC 
Al-Amin Bank Berhad, demonstrating his leadership and 
proficiency in ensuring compliance with Shariah principles 
within the banking sector. Additionally, he is a respected
 
member of the Shariah Committees at KOPSYA and Afshaa 
Shariah Advisory Sdn Bhd, where his insights contribute to 
informed decision-making processes.
• His extensive experience includes serving as a Member of 
the Shariah Committee at HSBC Amanah Berhad and FWD 
Takaful Bhd, underscoring his trusted reputation within the 
Islamic finance industry. He 
is also an ordinary member of the 
Association of Shariah Advisors in Islamic Finance (ASAS), 
further cementing his standing as a respected authority in 
the field.
• Throughout his career as a lecturer, he has contributed 
significantly to the advancement of Islamic finance through 
the publication of several articles and research papers. 
His 
scholarly contributions enrich the discourse surrounding 
Islamic finance and serve as a testament to his dedication to 
the field.
Academic/Professional Qualification 
• Degree in Fiqh and Usul al-Fiqh from al Al-Bayt University 
Jordan
• Master’s degree in Fiqh and Usul al-Fiqh from International 
Islamic University Malaysia
Skill and Experience 
• Formerly, he served as a lecturer at the esteemed Department 
of Fiqh and Usul al-Fiqh at the Kulliyah of Islamic Revealed 
Knowledge and Human Sciences of the International Islamic 
University Malaysia, where he contributed significantly to 
the 
academic landscape in Islamic jurisprudence.
• Known for his dynamic presence and expertise, he is highly 
active in delivering speeches and specialized training on 
Shariah principles, particularly in the areas of Fiqh 
Muamalat, 
Islamic Economics, and Fiqhi-Medico, garnering admiration 
for his insightful contributions.
• With a wealth of experience in Shariah consultation, he has 
played pivotal roles such as module developer and member 
of the Working Group for MS 1900:2014 Standard (Shariah-
based Quality Management Systems – Requirement with 
Guidance) secretariat by SIRIM. Additionally, he has served
 
as a Shariah Advisor for Yayasan Muamalat Belia, Tissue 
Bank HUSM Kubang Kerian, and as a Shariah Committee 
Representative to BKRM’s BOD Meeting and JAKIM’s 
Muamalat Panel of Experts.
• Currently, he holds esteemed positions including Board 
member and Chairman of the Shariah Committee at AEON 
Bank (M) Berhad, Shariah Committee member of AgroBank 
Berhad, and Shariah Committee member of Tabung Haji. 
He also serves as 
the Wakaf Committee member of Majlis 
Agama Islam dan Adat Istiadat Melayu Kelantan, Panel 
Consultant Member for the International Research Centre in 
Islamic Economy and Finance (IRCIEF) at UIS, and a Member 
of the International Union for Muslim Scholars (Ittihad al-
‘Alami li ‘Ulama’ al-Muslimin), Qatar.
• Previously, he held significant roles such as Chairman of the
 
Shariah Board at Al-Rajhi Bank Malaysia Berhad, Shariah 
Committee Member of Bank Kerjasama Rakyat, and Shariah 
Committee Member of PruBSN Takaful.
• Additionally, he served as an Executive Committee (EXCO) 
member of the Association of Shariah Advisors in Islamic
 
Finance (ASAS), further underscoring his commitment to 
advancing the principles of Shariah in the finance industry.
DR. KHAIRUL ANUAR AHMAD WAN RUMAIZI WAN HUSIN
Member
Date of Appointment: 1 July 2022
Member
Date of Appointment: 1 August 2023
50 M 5/8
Age Gender Nationality Attendance
49 M 6/6
Age Gender Nationality Attendance


---- Page 53 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
103102
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM
AHMAD NOOR AZHARI 
ABDUL MANAF
LENA ABD LATIF
DURRAINI BAHARUDDIN
NUR AZLINA MOHD 
YAZID
LEONG JOE YEE
NG CHEE SANG
MUHAMMAD FIKRI 
MOHAMAD RAWI
DATO’ RUDY RODZILA 
CHE LAMIN
SHARMINI 
PERAMPALAM
MASTURA MOHD SAFFAI 
@ MOHD SHAFIE
HANIZA FILZAH 
HAYANI ABU HANIFFA
ZAHARUDIN DAUD
KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM’S PROFILE
ZAHARUDIN DAUD AHMAD NOOR AZHARI ABDUL MANAF
Not	a	Director	in	any	public	companies	or	listed	issuer.	Not	related	to	any	Director	and/or	major	shareholders	of	MNRB.	Does	not	have	any	conflict	
of	interest	with	MNRB	and	has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
Skill and Experience 
He joined MNRB on 1 September 2020 as the GCEO 
Designate prior to his official appointment as the 
President & GCEO of MNRB Holdings Berhad on  
23 November 2020.
He obtained an Advanced Diploma in Business Studies 
from Institute Teknologi Mara and has been an Associate 
of The Chartered Insurance Institute (ACII) since 1992. 
Additionally, he has been a Chartered Professional in 
Islamic Finance (CPIF) by The Chartered Institute of 
Islamic Finance Professional since 2019 and completed 
the Senior Management Development Program by 
Harvard Business School Alumni Club of Malaysia in 2010. 
He started his career in an insurance Broking house and 
has exposures in Sales and Marketing, Operations, Retail 
Underwriting and Product Design in his over thirty (30) 
years of experience in the general insurance business. 
He was also the Management Committee member of 
the Persatuan Insurans Am Malaysia (“PIAM”) and Life 
Insurance Association of Malaysia (“LIAM”) until 2018, 
and was a Board member of ISM Insurance Services 
Malaysia Berhad (“ISM”) until August 2020. In early 2010, 
he was redeployed to Singapore to be the Principal 
Officer of Etiqa Singapore before returning to Malaysia 
to assume the position of the CEO of Etiqa Insurance 
Berhad in September 2014. He was the Chief Executive 
Officer of Etiqa General Takaful Berhad from January 
2018 to August 2020. 
He was appointed as a Non-Independent Executive 
Director of Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad, Takaful Ikhlas 
Family Berhad and Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad on 
23 November 2020. He is also a Director of associate 
company, Motordata Research Consortium Sdn. Bhd. 
On 21 January 2021, he was appointed as a Director of 
Malaysian Re (Dubai) Ltd.
Skill and Experience 
He is the President & CEO of Malaysian Reinsurance 
Berhad. A product of Universiti Teknologi MARA (“UiTM”) 
and Malaysian Insurance Institute (“MII”) majoring in 
Investment Analysis and Insurance (Risk Management) 
respectively, he brings with him nearly three (3) decades 
of experience in insurance and reinsurance. Ahmad Noor 
Azhari has worked with leading companies such as Etiqa 
Insurance (MNI), Hannover Re, Malaysia and Kuwait Re 
Far East Regional Office where the last position held was 
as the Principal Officer. 
He has been a part of Malaysian Re since August 2016 
and has served as the Chief Underwriting Officer since 
December 2021. In his previous role, Ahmad Noor 
Azhari was responsible for the underwriting of Business 
Region 2 (East Asia, ASEAN, Africa & Europe) and has 
contributed significantly to the growth and success of 
Malaysian Re. He was appointed as President & CEO of 
Malaysian Re on 1 April 2023.
President	&	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer President	&	Chief	Executive	Officer,
Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad
Age Gender Nationality
58 M
Age Gender Nationality
53 M


---- Page 54 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
105104
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MUHAMMAD FIKRI MOHAMAD RAWI DATO’ RUDY RODZILA CHE LAMIN
Not	a	Director	in	any	public	companies	or	listed	issuer.	Not	related	to	any	Director	and/or	major	shareholders	of	MNRB.	Does	not	have	any	conflict	
of	interest	with	MNRB	and	has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
Skill and Experience 
He obtained his Bachelor of Business Administration 
from Western Michigan University, Kalamazoo, USA.  
He has over thirty (30) years of combined experience 
in banking, insurance and takaful. Prior to joining  
Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad, he was the CEO of Sun 
Life Malaysia Takaful Berhad. He was appointed as  
President & CEO of Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad on  
14 January 2022.
Skill and Experience 
He obtained his Master of Management from International 
Islamic University Malaysia and hold a professional  
body accountancy qualification (AAIA) from The 
Association of International Accountants (UK). He 
has over thirty (30) years of combined experience in 
the financial, banking and insurance industries. Prior 
to joining Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad, he was the 
Executive Vice President, Head of Regional Distribution 
in Etiqa Group. He joined Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad 
on 1 November 2021 as the President & CEO Designate. 
He was appointed as President & CEO of Takaful Ikhlas 
General Berhad on 30 November 2021.
President	&	Chief	Executive	Office,	
Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad
President	&	Chief	Executive	Office,	
Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad
KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM’S PROFILEKEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM’S PROFILE
Age Gender Nationality
59 M
Age Gender Nationality
55 M
SHARMINI PERAMPALAM DURRAINI BAHARUDDIN
Not	a	Director	in	any	public	companies	or	listed	issuer.	Not	related	to	any	Director	and/or	major	shareholders	of	MNRB.	Does	not	have	any	conflict	
of	interest	with	MNRB	and	has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
Skill and Experience 
She graduated in 1993 with an Honours degree in 
Accountancy from Universiti Putra Malaysia (“UPM”) 
and is a Chartered Accountant of the Malaysian 
Institute of Accountants and an Associate Member of 
the Malaysian Institute of Insurance (“AMII”) . After an 
early careeras a tax consultant and Internal Auditor she 
joined the then Malaysian National Reinsurance Berhad 
in 1995 as an Internal Audit Executive and moved up 
the ranks to Manager before being transferred to the 
Finance Department. She was promoted to Senior Vice 
President & Head of Finance in 2011. She left MNRB to 
join a general insurer as Chief Financial Officer in 2017 
before returning as Group Head of Finance, MNRB on  
15 January 2021. On 1 March 2024, she was appointed  
as the Group Chief Financial Officer. She is also a 
Director of Sinar SerojaBerhad, MMIP Services Sdn  
Bhd, and Labuan Reinsurance (L) Ltd.
She is a Reinsurance Accounting specialist, with a 
wealth of experience in insurance operations and is 
known for driving operations management to align 
finance functions with business operations and increase 
efficiency and bottom-line profit.
Skill and Experience 
She holds a Bachelor of Laws (LLB) from King’s College, 
University of London, and a Masters of Applied Finance 
from Kaplan Professional, Australia. Durraini embarked 
on her career in 2007 as an Investment Analyst with 
Permodalan Nasional Berhad, and become Regional 
Fund Manager for Permodalan Nasional Berhad and 
its subsidiary, Singapore Unit Trusts Limited. In 2016,  
she transitioned to Franklin Templeton Malaysia, 
focusing on Business Development, before assuming 
the role of Chief Executive Officer at Value Partners 
Malaysia in 2018. She joined MNRB on 13 February 2023 
as the Group Chief Investment Officer, overseeing the 
group’s investment portfolio.
Senior Vice President & 
Group	Chief	Financial	Officer
Senior Vice President & 
Group	Chief	Investment	Officer
Age Gender Nationality
56 F
Age Gender Nationality
41 F


---- Page 55 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
107106
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM’S PROFILE KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM’S PROFILE
LEONG JOE YEE MASTURA MOHD SAFFAI @ 
MOHD SHAFIE
Not	a	Director	in	any	public	companies	or	listed	issuer.	Not	related	to	any	Director	and/or	major	shareholders	of	MNRB.	Does	not	have	any	conflict	
of	interest	with	MNRB	and	has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
Senior Vice President & 
Group	Chief	Compliance	Officer
 Senior Vice President &  
Group	Chief	Risk	Officer
Skill and Experience 
He graduated in year 2000 with Bachelor of Science in 
Business Administration, Actuarial Science from Drake 
University, Iowa USA. He began his career as an actuarial 
consultant in the USA and returned to Malaysia in 2003. 
He has extensive experience in driving risk management 
and operational changes in organizations, partnering 
with business and underwriting teams in transforming 
the business by leveraging on analytics, driving the 
implementation of business intelligence, and providing 
independent insights and perspective to Board of 
Directors. Prior to joining MNRB, he was the Chief Risk 
Officer for Hannover Re Malaysian Branch. He joined 
MNRB on 10 March 2021 as the Group Chief Risk Officer.
Skill and Experience 
She is the Senior Vice President & Group Chief 
Compliance Officer of MNRB. She holds a Bachelor in 
Business Administration, Finance from MARA University 
of Technology and a Chartered Islamic Finance 
Professional from INCEIF. In 2022, she was awarded 
the Certified Shariah Practitioner by the Association 
of Shariah Advisors in Islamic Finance. She began her 
career as a dealer representative in TA Securities  
Berhad in 1997 and two (2) years later she joined Bank 
Negara Malaysia as a Senior Supervisor, Financial 
Conglomerates Supervision Department. She served 
in this function for sixteen (16) years during which 
she gained experience in the areas of governance, 
compliance and risk management. She left Bank Negara 
Malaysia in 2015 to join Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ 
and later employed by several other commercial banks. 
She joined MNRB on 4 January 2023.
Age Gender Nationality
46 M
Age Gender Nationality
51 F
LENA ABD LATIF NUR AZLINA MOHD YAZID
Not	a	Director	in	any	public	companies	or	listed	issuer.	Not	related	to	any	Director	and/or	major	shareholders	of	MNRB.	Does	not	have	any	conflict	
of	interest	with	MNRB	and	has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
Senior Vice President, Head of Legal &
Secretarial & Group Company Secretary
Senior Vice President & 
Head of Group Human Capital Management
Skill and Experience 
She holds a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) Degree from 
the International Islamic University Malaysia and was 
called to the Malaysian Bar. Up till now she has over 
thirty (30) years of accumulated working experience in 
legal, secretarial and corporate affairs starting at Utusan 
Melayu (Malaysia) Berhad and Land & General Berhad. 
She joined the then Malaysian National Reinsurance 
Berhad in 2003 as Manager, Legal & Secretarial and was 
appointed as its Company Secretary in February 2004. 
She was promoted to her current position as Senior Vice 
President & Head of Legal & Secretarial in 2011. She is 
also the Company Secretary of Malaysian Reinsurance 
Berhad, Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad, Takaful Ikhlas 
General Berhad, Sinar Seroja Berhad, Malaysian Re 
(Dubai) Ltd and MMIP Services Sdn Bhd.
Skill and Experience 
She graduated in year 1991 with Bachelor of Law 
(“LLB”) from University of East London. She has more 
than twenty-five (25) years of experience in diverse 
industries including Legal, Manufacturing, IT, Oil & 
Gas and Shared Services. Throughout her career, 
she has led organizations in improving Performance 
and Leadership, Talent Management and Workforce 
Planning, Organization Development and Capability 
Building, Transformation and Change Management, 
Diversity & Inclusiveness as well as focusing on Positive 
Employee Relations and Industrial Relations. She is also 
a Certified Lean Practitioner and has helped businesses 
drive continuous improvement efficiencies by focusing 
on simplifications and standardization of work process. 
Prior to joining MNRB Holdings Berhad, she was General 
Manager HR Upstream in Shell Malaysia. She joined 
MNRB on 2 March 2022.
Age Gender Nationality
57 F
Age Gender Nationality
57 F


---- Page 56 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
109108
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Not	a	Director	in	any	public	companies	or	listed	issuer.	Not	related	to	any	Director	and/or	major	shareholders	of	MNRB.	Does	not	have	any	conflict	
of	interest	with	MNRB	and	has	never	been	convicted	for	any	offences	within	the	past	five	(5)	years.
KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM’S PROFILE
HANIZA FILZAH HAYANI ABU HANIFFA NG CHEE SANG
Senior Vice President & 
Group	Chief	Technology	Officer
Senior Vice President & 
Group Chief Internal Auditor
Skill and Experience 
She is a Chartered Accountant (“C.A.”), an Associate 
member of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and 
Administrators (“ICSA”) and also a Chartered member 
of the Institute of the Internal Auditors (“CMIIA”). She 
also holds a Bachelor in Accountancy Degree from the 
International Islamic University Malaysia in 1992. She 
started her career in 1992 with Messrs. Arthur Andersen & 
Co. and later served in an associate company of Petronas 
for about eight (8) years as the Head of Corporate 
Services and Finance before moving on to MAS where 
she was given the opportunity to work closely with the 
Turnaround office as the Manager, Group Reporting & 
Control. In 2007, she joined Syarikat Takaful Malaysia 
Berhad (“STMB”) and moved her way up from Senior 
Manager to Head of the Internal Audit Division until 
April 2019. She left STMB in April 2019 to join MNRB on  
3 May 2019. She has vast experience in both external and 
internal auditing, besides other areas in finance field. 
Skill and Experience 
He graduated in 1993 with a Bachelor of Science, Computer 
& Information Science from the National University of 
Singapore. He began his career as a software developer 
with a network provider in Singapore before returning 
to Malaysia in 1997. He has more than twenty-five (25) 
years of working experience as an IT professional. He 
held various roles and responsibilities in the Insurance/
Takaful industry and was instrumental in helping the 
insurance companies transform and strengthen the IT 
divisions/departments. He has successfully implemented 
many IT solutions which have helped to support business 
growth, reduce the turnaround time and cost of doing 
business. He joined MNRB on 13 September 2021.
Age Gender Nationality
55 F
Age Gender Nationality
54 M
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW 
STATEMENT
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) of MNRB Holdings Berhad (“MNRB” or “Company”) presents this 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement (“CG Overview Statement”) to provide shareholders and 
investors with an overview of the principal features of the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ (“Group”) 
corporate governance practices during the financial year ended 31 March 2024 (“financial year”) as  
well as key focus areas and future priorities in relation to corporate governance. 
The Board remains committed towards maintaining a high standard of corporate governance throughout 
the Group and strives to continuously improve the effective application of the principles and best 
practices as laid down in the following:
(a) Companies Act, 2016;
(b) Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance issued by the Securities Commission Malaysia  
(“MCCG 2021”); and
(c) Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”).
In addition to the above, as a Financial Holding Company approved by Bank Negara Malaysia (“BNM”), 
the Board also applies the standards set out in BNM’s Policy Document on Corporate Governance  
(“BNM PD CG”).
MNRB accords high regard to the effective application of these principles and best practices in 
addition to upholding high standard of business integrity in all activities undertaken by the Group. This 
includes a commitment to emulate good industry practices and to comply with policy documents and 
recommendations by regulatory authorities. 
Set out below is a statement on how MNRB has applied the principles and complied with the best 
practices as prescribed under the MCCG 2021, the MMLR and the B
NM PD CG during the financial year.
This CG Overview Statement is prepared in compliance with MMLR and is to be read together with 
MNRB’s Corporate Governance Report 2024 (“CG Report’), based on prescribed format as outlined in 
Paragraph 15.25(2) of MMLR. 
The CG Report shall provide a detailed articulation on the extent of the Company’s compliance with the 
corporate governance practices set out in the MCCG 2021. The CG Report is available on the Company’s 
website, www.mnrb.com.my as well as via an announcement on Bursa Securities’ website.
 
This CG Overview Statement should also be read in conjunction with the other statements in this annual 
report (e.g. Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control, Reports on Audit and Sustainability 
Statement) as the 
application of certain corporate governance enumerations may be more briefly 
explained in the context of the respective statements.
Corporate Governance Approach


---- Page 57 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
111110
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENTCORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES
The Board is responsible for the proper stewardship of the Group’s resources, the achievement of the Group’s 
objectives and good corporate citizenship. It discharges these responsibilities by complying with all the relevant 
Acts, Guidelines and Regulations, including adopting the principles and best practices of the MCCG 2021, the 
MMLR and the BNM PD CG.
The Board exercises effective oversight role in the conduct of the Group’s affairs. This includes the responsibility 
to determine the Group’s development and overall strategic direction. Key matters such as the approval of 
quarterly and annual results, major acquisitions and disposals, major capital expenditures, budgets, business 
plans and succession planning for top management, are reserved for the Board or its appointed committees to 
deliberate and resolve.
There is also a financial and business review of the Group’s quarterly performance including operating performance 
to date, against the annual budget and business plan previously approved by the Board for that year.
The functions of the Board and Management are clearly demarcated to ensure the effectiveness of the Company’s 
business and its day-to-day operations as outlined in the Board Charter. The Board delegates the day-to-
day management of the Company’s business to the Senior Management Team, but reserves for the Board’s 
consideration reserved matters, as disclosed in detail under Appendix A of the Board Charter.
A Code of Ethics and Whistleblowing Policy (“said Code”) have been put in place to foster an ethical culture 
and allow legitimate concerns to be raised in confidence without the risk of reprisal. The said Code is reviewed 
periodically by the Board and published on the Company’s website.
To enable the Board to discharge its responsibilities 
in meeting the goals and objectives of the Company 
and in line with the MCCG 2021, the Board is 
required to adhere to the following:-
• together with senior management, promote good 
governance culture within the Company which 
reinforces ethical, prudent and professional 
behaviour;
• review, challenge and decide on Management’s 
proposals for the Company, and monitor their 
implementation by Management;
• ensure that the strategic plan of the Company will 
support long-term value creation and includes 
strategies on economic, environmental and social 
considerations underpinning sustainability; 
• supervise and assess management performance 
to determine whether the business is being 
properly managed;
• ensure the availability of sound framework for 
internal controls and risk management;
• understand the principal risks of the Company’s 
business and recognise that business decisions 
involve the taking of appropriate risks;
• set the risk appetite within which the Board 
expects Management to operate and ensure 
that there is an appropriate risk management 
framework to identify, analyse, evaluate, manage 
and monitor significant financial and non-
financial risks;
• ensure the Senior Management has the necessary 
skills and experience, and measures are in place 
to provide for the orderly succession of the 
Board and Senior Management;
• ensure that the Company has in place procedures 
to enable effective communication with 
stakeholders; and
• ensure the integrity of the Company’s financial 
and non-financial reporting.
Independent 
Non-Executive Directors 6/786%
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Chairman/Director1/714%
During the year, a strategic meeting involving the 
Boards of the four (4) entities within the Group was 
held to deliberate on matters concerning the way 
forward towards achieving the vision of the Group. 
This collaboration was envisaged to promote better 
coherence among the business of the subsidiaries and 
to enhance group strategy. 
BOARD COMPOSITION
The Board is committed to ensuring diversity and 
inclusiveness in its composition and deliberations. It 
embraces the proposition that having a diverse Board 
would have a positive, value-relevant impact on the 
Group. 
The Board comprises members with relevant expertise 
and experience drawn from business, financial and 
technical fronts which strengthened leadership and 
management.
During the financial year, the Board comprised 
seven (7) members, all of whom are Non-Executive 
Directors, including the Chairman. Six (6) members 
are Independent Non-Executive Directors and one (1) 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Chairman/Director. 
The presence of majority independent directors allows 
the Board to apply heightened professional vigilance 
and challenge the Management in an unbiased 
manner and prevent dominance and complacency in 
the boardroom.
As at the date of this report, the percentage of the 
Board composition is as follows:
By virtue of this composition, the Company is in 
compliance with:
• Paragraph 15.02(1)(a) of the MMLR which requires 
at least two (2) directors or one-third (1/3) of the 
Board, whichever is the higher, to be independent;
• Paragraph 11.3 of the BNM PD CG which requires 
the Chairman of the Board to be a Non-Executive 
Director; and
• Paragraph 11.4 of the BNM PD CG which requires 
the Board to comprise not more than one Executive 
Director which currently, the Board does not have 
any as its member.
The above remained as the tenets of the Board’s 
holistic approach in determining its size, composition, 
and level of independence wherein the Board, to the 
extent possible, also takes into account the following 
principles in determining its composition and ideal 
size:
• to have only one Executive Director as a member 
of the Board (which currently, the Board does not 
have any as its member); 
• to appoint a Chairman of the Board who is a Non-
Executive Director;
• to ensure that the role of the Chairman of the 
Board is separate from the President & Group Chief 
Executive Officer (“President & GCEO”);
• to ensure that the Chairman of the Board does not 
chair any of the Board Committees;
• to ensure that Board Committees comprise a 
majority of Independent Non-Executive Directors; 
• to ensure that the Chairman of all Board Committees 
are Independent Non-Executive Directors; and
• to appoint a Senior Independent Director from 
among the Independent Non-Executive Directors.


---- Page 58 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
113112
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENTCORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
BOARD DIVERSITY
The Board fully recognises the importance of boardroom diversity including but not limited to, gender, age and 
experience in driving the Group’s aspirations. To this effect, a Policy on Diversity was established in 2016.
The Board values the different expertise that each Director brings to the Board due to his or her diverse 
background, skills and experience. 
Although the Board has no specific targets on gender diversity, it endeavours to maintain the number of women 
directors subject to their suitability and competency. During the financial year, the Board has three (3) women 
members, representing 43% of the total Board Members. 
In order to comply with regulatory requirements and to have a well-balanced Board, the existing appointment 
process for a new Board member takes into consideration the required skill sets, experience, competency, gender 
and age of the individual candidates as well as the appropriate size, structure and composition of the Board as 
a whole. The Board is now largely equipped with knowledge in the field of reinsurance, regulatory, accounting, 
banking, legal, information technology, investment and business operations.
The table below depicts the qualification/experience as well as tenure of the existing Directors during the 
financial year:
Name Qualification/Experience Tenure in the Company
Datuk Johar Che Mat Banking 6 years, 6 months
George Oommen Accounting, Insurance & Reinsurance 6 years, 3 months
Khalid Sufat Accounting & Banking 4 years, 6 months
Junaidah Mohd Said Regulatory & Reinsurance 4 years, 6 months
Zaida Khalida Shaari Law & Investment 4 years, 6 months
Dato’ Wan Roshdi Wan Musa Corporate Risk & Investment 4 years
Chin See Mei Information Technology 6 months
BOARD MEETINGS
The Board meeting dates for the ensuing financial year are scheduled in advance before the end of the current 
financial year in order for the Directors to plan their schedules ahead of time. 
The Board has scheduled meetings of at least six (6) times a year, besides the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). 
During the financial year, the Board met eleven (11) times consisting of six (6) scheduled meetings and five (5) 
special meetings. The additional five (5) special meetings were due to deliberations on Sukuk Programme and 
Issuance, Quarterly Financial Results and Strategic Planning for MNRB Group and its Subsidiaries.
Technology is effectively used in Board meetings and communications with the Board. Board meeting materials 
are shared electronically and where required, Directors may participate in meetings via video conference. 
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
Datuk Johar Che Mat
Chairman/Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
11/11100%
George Oommen
Senior Independent  
Non-Executive Director
11/11100%
Khalid Sufat
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
11/11100%
Junaidah Mohd Said
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
11/11100%
Zaida Khalida Shaari
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
10/1191%
Dato’ Wan Roshdi Wan Musa
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
11/11100%
Chin See Mei
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
(Appointed with effect from 1 October 2023)
8/8100%
DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
Remuneration Policy and Procedure 
The Group Nomination & Remuneration Committee 
(“GNRC”) recommends to the Board the appropriate 
remuneration packages in order to attract, motivate 
and retain the Directors for MNRB Group. The MNRB 
Group Non-Executive Directors Remuneration Policy 
is to reward the Directors competitively, taking 
into account performance, market comparison and 
competitive pressure in the industry. Whilst not 
seeking to maintain a strict market position, the 
GNRC takes into account comparable roles in similar 
organisations that may be of similar in size, market 
sector or business complexity.
After the 49th AGM of the Company, all Non-Executive 
Directors were paid Directors’ fees on monthly 
basis instead of quarterly. The Board was of the 
view that this arrangement is just and equitable as 
the Non-Executive Directors had discharged their 
responsibilities and rendered their services to the 
Company.
The remuneration structure for the Non-Executive 
Directors of the Company is as follows:
• Fees for duties as a Director and as a member of 
the various Committees of the Board as well as 
additional fees for undertaking responsibilities 
as Chairman of the Board and the various Board 
Committees.
• Benefits which consist of cash and non-cash 
benefits of monetary value. 
The Directors’ 
fees and benefits for all Non-Executive 
Directors are recommended by the Board to the 
shareholders for their approvals.
Pursuant to the MMLR, all Directors are required to 
attend at least fifty percent (50%) of Board meetings 
while under Paragraph 9.3 of the BNM PD CG, all 
Directors are required to attend at least seventy five 
percent (75%) of Board meetings held during the 
financial year. During the financial year, all Directors 
have complied with both the requirements.
The details of attendance of the Directors at Board 
meetings held during the financial year are as follows:


---- Page 59 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
115114
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENTCORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
The Board, through the recommendation of the GNRC, had agreed to maintain the same fee structure as 
used in the previous year for computing the fee for each Non-Executive Director for the financial year ended  
31 March 2024. This would include the Directors’ fees for the GNRC and Group Investment Committee which  
was established on 1 January 2022:
Meeting Attendance 
Allowance
RM
Annual fees
RM
Board
Chairman
RM1,500 
for each meeting 
attended
130,000 
Member 70,000 
Audit Committee
Chairman 22,000 
Member 17,000 
Risk Management Committee of the Board
Chairman 22,000
Member 17,000
Group Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Chairman 17,000
Member 12,000
Group Investment Committee
Chairman 17,000
Member 12,000
Further details on the total remuneration of each Director of the Company can be found in the CG Report, 
accessible on the Company’s website at www.mnrb.com.my. In addition, the CG Report has been uploaded 
alongside this Annual Report under the “Annual Report” section on the Bursa Securities website.
Remuneration Policy in respect of the President & GCEO and Board Appointees of the Company 
The objective of the Company’s remuneration policy is to attract, motivate, reward and retain high performance 
personnel. 
The remuneration of the President & GCEO and the Board Appointees of the Company are reviewed at the point 
of contract renewal by the GNRC.
The basic component of the remuneration package comprises a monthly basic salary. The variable components 
have been designed to link rewards to corporate and individual performance, based on appropriate and 
meaningful performance measures set up by the Company, and reviewed by the GNRC and approved by the 
Board. Such components comprise a performance-based variable bonus, which are generally paid/awarded 
once a year. In awarding this variable component, the President & GCEO and Board Appointees’ corporate 
and individual performances are measured using a balanced scorecard approach that encourages business 
sustainability and prudent risk taking.
Staff engaged in all control functions including Actuarial and others, do not carry business profit targets in their 
goal sheets and hence, are compensated independent of the business profit achievements. Their compensation 
is dependent on the achievement of key results in their respective domain.
The annual budget for salary increments and performance-related variable bonus, reviewed by the GNRC is 
submitted to the Board for approval. 
The competitiveness of the Company’s compensation structure is reviewed annually relative to a peer group of 
companies that is considered relevant, for compensation purposes to ensure continued appropriateness. The 
review is done through comparison to data source from various remuneration surveys conducted independently 
by remuneration consultants.
The Company’s variable compensation varies in line with its financial performance and in meeting BNM PD CG 
requirements.
The total value of remuneration for the President & GCEO and Board Appointees (i.e. Group Chief Financial 
Officer, Group Chief Investment Officer, Group Chief Risk Officer, Group Chief Internal Auditor and Group Chief 
Compliance Officer) and Senior Management Officers for the financial year are as follows:
Fixed
Remuneration Grade
Unrestricted
RM
Deferred
RM Remark
Cash-Based
President & GCEO 1,607,230 -
Salaries, allowance and EPF
BA & SM 6,243,582 -
Others
President & GCEO 18,300 -
Benefit-in-kind
BA & SM - -
Variable
Remuneration Grade Unrestricted Deferred Remark
Cash-Based
President & GCEO 632,500 - Variable Bonus and  
EPF on bonus
BA & SM 1,123,181 -
Others
President & GCEO - -
BA & SM - -
BA: Board Appointees
SM: Senior Management 
BOARD EDUCATION & DEVELOPMENT
Induction Programme for Newly Appointed Director
The Company acknowledges that continuous education is vital for the Board members to gain insight into the 
regulatory updates and market developments to enhance the Directors’ skills and knowledge in discharging their 
responsibilities.
During the financial year, all Directors attended various seminars and programmes to strengthen their skills 
set and knowledge to effectively discharge their responsibilities, as well as to acquire sound understanding of 
current issues and developments in the financial and business environment.


---- Page 60 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
117116
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENTCORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
Pursuant to the requirements of Bursa Malaysia, a 
newly appointed Director is required to attend the 
Mandatory Accreditation Programme (“MAP”) and 
also the Leading for Impact (LIP) MAP Part II. 
In addition to the above, being a Director of a financial 
institution, a newly appointed Director is required to 
attend the Financial Institution Directors’ Education 
(“FIDE”) programme and complete the same within 
one (1) year from the date of appointment. 
In the event that the new Director had previously 
completed the same in another financial institution, 
the Director should provide a copy of his/her FIDE 
certificate to the Company Secretary. 
All new Directors are required to undergo an 
induction programme to be apprised of amongst 
others, information about the Group, the Board’s role, 
powers that have been delegated to the Company’s 
Senior Management and Management committees as 
well as the latest financial information of the Group. 
This is to quickly familiarise the Directors on the ‘DNA’ 
of the Company for early and effective contribution.
To supplement the programme, a Director’s Handbook 
is furnished by the Company Secretary upon a 
Director’s appointment containing information such 
as disclosure obligations of a Director, Board Charter, 
Code of Ethics, Board Committees’ Term of Reference, 
schedule of meetings, amongst others. 
Directors’ Continuous Education and Development
The Company, via the Company Secretary also 
facilitates the organisation of internal training 
programmes and Directors’ participation in external 
programmes to ensure the Directors are kept 
abreast of new developments pertaining to laws 
and regulations, changing business risks, as well as 
technology and cyber security issues, which may 
affect the Company.
The Company Secretary keeps a complete record of 
the trainings received or attended by the Directors. 
Details of trainings/conferences/workshops attended 
by the Directors during the financial year are set out 
in the CG Report.
REPORT BY THE GROUP NOMINATION & 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The GNRC was established on 1 January 2022 with 
the objective to better enhance the efficiency and 
governance of the Nomination Committee and 
Remuneration Committee functions in discharging 
its duties and responsibilities throughout the MNRB 
Group.
It functions on a Group basis and is empowered to 
consider related matters across the MNRB Group. 
The Board views this approach as an effective way 
to promote consistency of standards and practices 
within the Group where governance, human capital 
and rewards are concerned.
The functions and responsibilities of the GNRC are 
set out in its Terms of Reference which is available on 
MNRB’s website.
The GNRC comprises three (3) Independent Non-
Executive Directors and is chaired by an Independent 
Non-Executive Director. The Chairman of the GNRC 
updates the Board on matters that have been 
deliberated and considered by the said Committee at 
its meetings.
Attending the GNRC meetings are one (1) permanent 
invitee from each subsidiary. The President & GCEO, 
MNRB and the President & Chief Executive Officers 
(“President & CEOs”) of the subsidiaries also attend 
the GNRC meetings as and when necessary. 
The representation from subsidiaries in the GNRC 
enables an inclusive discussion at the meetings prior 
to recommending the matters to the subsidiaries’ 
respective Boards for final decision.
MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE
During the financial year, the GNRC convened seven 
(7) meetings. 
Details of members’ attendance are as follows:
Zaida Khalida Shaari 
Chairman/Independent  
Non-Executive Director
7/7100%
Junaidah Mohd Said
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
7/7100%
Khalid Sufat
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
Represent Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad
7/7100%
Ooi Bee Hong
Permanent Invitee, Takaful Ikhlas  
Family Berhad
7/7100%
Dr Wan Zamri Wan Ismail
Permanent Invitee, Takaful Ikhlas  
General Berhad
7/7100%
DIRECTORS AND KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
OFFICERS APPOINTMENT
The Board ensures that a formal and transparent 
nomination process for the appointment of Directors, 
Group Shariah Committee Members and Key Senior 
Management Officers is continuously maintained and 
improved pursuant to its nomination framework.
Individuals appointed to the Board, Group Shariah 
Committee and relevant senior positions must be fit and 
proper to discharge their prudential responsibilities 
during the course of their appointment.
They are assessed by the GNRC in accordance with the 
MNRB Group Fit & Proper Policy. These assessments 
and verifications are carried out on the declarations 
by each individual, including the record of material 
academic/professional qualification and the carrying 
out of checks by independent party on matters such 
as bankruptcy and regulatory disqualification.
The MNRB Group Fit & Proper Policy outlines the 
following criteria in assessing the suitability of the 
candidate:
• Probity, personal integrity and reputation, where 
the candidate must have personal qualities such 
as honesty, integrity, diligence, independence of 
mind, fairness and ethical behaviour;
• Competence and capability, where the candidate 
must have the skills, experience, ability and 
commitment to carry out the role; and
• Financial integrity, where the candidate must be 
financially sound and be able to manage his/her 
debts or financial affairs prudently.
At least two (2) members of GNRC conduct interview
 
session with the potential candidates and assess them 
based on their skills and experience, independence (as 
the case may be) and objectivity, sound judgement as 
well as other relevant perspectives before presenting 
to the Board for approval.
The Board’s expectations on the time commitment 
and contribution from the new Directors are clearly 
communicated to the potential candidates. The GNRC 
will evaluate the candidates’ ability to discharge their 
duties and responsibilities as well as assess their 
commitment to devote their time as a Director prior 
to recommending their appointment as Directors for 
approval.
Pursuant to BNM PD CG, MNRB is required to make 
an application to BNM before the appointment/
reappointment of a Director, Group Shariah Committee 
member and its President & GCEO.


---- Page 61 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
119118
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENTCORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
During the year, there were three (3) new 
recommendations made by the GNRC namely to 
appoint a new member of the Board, a new member  
for the Group Shariah Committee and the  
redesignation of Puan Sharmini Perampalam as the 
Group Chief Financial Officer.
BOARD EVALUATION & ASSESSMENT
During the financial year, the GNRC had also performed 
the Annual Assessment on the Effectiveness of the 
Board, Directors’ Peer Evaluation for the MNRB Group 
as well as the Evaluation of the President & GCEO and 
President & CEOs of the subsidiaries. 
The process was externally conducted by Boardroom 
Corporate Services Sdn Bhd through questionnaires 
circulated and interview sessions held with the Board 
covering a spectrum of qualities associated with the 
Board’s Effectiveness, Strategic Plan, Composition, 
Operations, Performance of the President & GCEO 
and President & CEOs of the subsidiaries as well as 
Directors’ Peer Evaluation that encapsulates amongst 
others contribution, performance and calibre of 
each Individual Director. A 360° assessment were 
conducted where the Key Senior Management were 
interviewed to provide feedback on the Board’s 
performance.
These questionnaires were designed and reviewed by 
the Chairman of the GNRC to ascertain the Board’s 
and Individual Directors’ strength and gaps or areas 
for improvement.
The results and the report on the assessment were 
presented to the GNRC for recommendation prior 
to tabling to the Board for approval. The findings 
also form part of the Board’s evaluation for the 
reappointments of the existing Directors within MNRB 
Group and the President & GCEO of MNRB as well as 
the President & CEOs of the subsidiaries.
 
In addition to the Board Annual Assessment described 
above, the GNRC also reviewed the term of office and 
performance of the Audit Committee and its members 
in line with the requirement under paragraph 15.20 of 
the MMLR. Based on the Corporate Governance Guide 
issued by Bursa Malaysia, the assessment of the Audit 
Committee would include assessment on the Quality 
& Composition, Skills & Competencies and Meeting 
Considerations & Conduct.
The GNRC, having deliberated the findings, would 
report the results to the Board and highlight those 
matters that require further discussion and direction 
from the Board.
SUMMARY OF THE GROUP NOMINATION & 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE’S ACTIVITIES IN THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR 2023/2024
During the financial year, the GNRC considered and 
made recommendations to the respective Boards on 
the following matters:
• Reviewed the appointments and reappointments of 
Directors and Group Shariah Committee within the 
MNRB Group; 
• Reviewed renewal of the Contract of Appointment 
of Key Senior Management Officers within the 
MNRB Group;
• Assessed the Board Effectiveness Evaluation for 
the Board and Individual Directors for the financial 
year ended 31 March 2024;
• Assessed the results of the Audit Committee 
Evaluation and the assessment on Audit Committee 
Effectiveness; 
• Assessed the results of the Annual Assessment on 
the Effectiveness of the Group Shariah Committee 
and its Members for financial year ended 31 
March 
2024;
• Assessed the findings of the Fit and Proper 
Assessment of Directors and Key Senior 
Management within the MNRB Group;
• Reviewed the Compositions of the Board and Board 
Committees of the MNRB Group;
• Reviewed the MNRB Group Directors’ Fees for the 
Financial Year Ended 31 March 2023 and Proposed 
Revision to the Directors’ Fees from Annual General
 
Meeting 2024 to 2025; 
• Assessed the Annual Increment & Bonus for 
financial year ended 31 March 2024;
• Reviewed the MNRB Group 2023 Benefits Review 
Report & Implementation Plan;
• Reviewed the proposed mandate for the collective 
bargaining with the National Union of Commercial 
Workers (NUCW) for the term of 2022 to 2025;
• Reviewed the outcomes and recommendation of 
MNRB Pay Benchmarking; 
• Reviewed the MNRB Group Retention Strategy of 
Talent and Employees with Critical Skills, and the 
Proposed Implementation Plan;
• Reviewed the Proposed Appointment of New Group 
Shariah Committee Member of MNRB Holdings 
Berhad;
• Reviewed the Proposed Redesignation of Group 
Chief Financial Officer;
• Reviewed the revision of Total Benefit; and
• Reviewed the Proposed Appointment of an External 
Consultant for the Board & Individual Director’s 
Effectiveness Evaluation.
GROUP SHARIAH COMMITTEE 
The Group Shariah Committee was established
 
to cater for the Group’s Takaful and Retakaful 
businesses. It resides at MNRB and is leveraged by 
the other subsidiaries within the Group. The Group 
Shariah Committee is tasked with the responsibility 
of ensuring that the Group’s Takaful and Retakaful 
business activities are in compliance with Shariah 
principles at all times. 
The establishment of Group Shariah Committee is in 
compliance with the Islamic Financial Services Act, 
2013 and BNM’s Shariah Governance Policy Document 
which outlines the Bank’s strengthened expectations 
for effective Shariah governance arrangements that 
are well-integrated with business and risk strategies 
of the Islamic financial institutions. 
The Shariah control functions i.e. Shariah Review, 
Shariah Audit and Shariah Risk is responsible for the 
effective management of the Shariah non-compliance 
risk. A periodic report on Shariah non-compliance risk 
or non-compliance events and highlights on action 
plans undertaken to address the issues is reported 
to the Group Shariah Committee and the Board for 
deliberation and decision.
The Group Shariah Committee plays a significant role 
in providing objective and sound advice to the Group’s 
Takaful and Retakaful businesses to ensure that its 
aims and operations, business, affairs, and activities 
are in compliance with Shariah. This includes: 
(a) providing a decision or advice on the application 
of any rulings of the Shariah Advisory Council 
(“SAC”) or standards on Shariah matters that are 
applicable to the operations, business, affairs and 
activities of the Group’s Takaful and Retakaful 
businesses; 
(b) providing a decision or advice on matters which 
require a reference to be made to the SAC of 
BNM; 
(c) providing a decision or advice on the operations, 
business, affairs and activities of the Group’s 
Takaful and Retakaful businesses which may 
trigger a Shariah non-compliance event; 
(d) deliberating and affirming a Shariah non-
compliance finding by any relevant 
functions; 
and 
(e) endorsing rectification measures to address any 
Shariah non-compliance event. 
 
During the financial year, the Board had appointed  
one (1) 
new Group Shariah Committee member  
namely, Encik Wan Rumaizi Wan Husin with effect  
from 1 August 2023. His appointment further adds 
diversity to the knowledge of the Group Shariah 
Committee which now comprises of takaful,  
regulatory, economic, banking, and business 
operations.


---- Page 62 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
121120
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENTCORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
A total of eight (8) Group Shariah Committee meetings were held during the financial year. 
Details of the Group Shariah Committee members’ attendance are as follows:
Sahibus Samahah Assoc. Prof. 
Datuk Dr. Luqman Abdullah
Member
7/888%
Dr. Shamsiah Mohamad
Member 8/8100% Dr. Khairul Anuar Ahmad
Member 5/863%
Prof. Dr. Younes Soualhi
Chairman 8/8100%
Shahrir Sofian
Member 8/8100% Wan Rumaizi Wan Husin
(Appointed with effect from 1 August 2023) 6/6100%
The remuneration of the Group Shariah Committee members is decided by the Board. The Meeting Allowance 
and Annual Fees of the Group Shariah Committee members are funded equally by subsidiaries of MNRB, 
namely Takaful Ikhlas Family Berhad, Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad (for its Retakaful Division) and Takaful 
Ikhlas General Berhad. 
PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT
AUDIT COMMITTEE
During the financial year, the Audit Committee 
comprises three (3) members. The Company has 
complied with Paragraph 15.09 of the MMLR, which 
requires all members of the Audit Committee to 
be Non-Executive Directors with majority being 
Independent Directors. Two (2) members of the 
Audit Committee are qualified Accountants and 
members of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants.
The Audit Committee’s duties, as spelt-out in the 
Audit Committee Report on pages 124 to 126 of this 
Annual Report, include primarily, the duties as spelt 
out in paragraph 15.12 of the MMLR.
The Audit Committee assists the Board in scrutinising 
information for disclosure to ensure accuracy, 
adequacy and completeness. The Directors are 
responsible for ensuring that the accounting 
records are kept properly and that the Group’s 
financial statements are prepared in accordance 
with applicable approved accounting standards in 
Malaysia. The Statement by Directors pursuant to 
Section 251(3) of the Companies Act 2016 is set out 
on page 144 of this Annual Report. 
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD 
The Board believes that an effective Risk Management 
Framework is essential for the Group to achieve its 
corporate objectives, sustained profitability and 
enhancement of shareholders’ value in today’s 
rapidly changing market environment.
Undertaking oversight role on risk governance is 
a dedicated Risk Management Committee of the 
Board (“RMCB”) which oversees the implementation 
of an enterprise-wide risk management framework. 
The RMCB comprises five (5) members, a majority of 
whom are Independent Non-Executive Directors and 
chaired by the Senior Independent Non-Executive 
Director.
George Oommen
Chairman/Senior Independent 
Non-Executive Director
6/6100%
Dato’ Wan Roshdi Wan Musa
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
6/6100%
Chin See Mei
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
(Appointed with effect from 1 October 2023)
4/4100%
Datuk Johar Che Mat
Non-Indepentdent 
Non-Executive Director
6/6100%
Zaida Khalida Shaari
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
6/6100%
The RMCB assists the Board in meeting the 
expectations on risk management including ensuring 
the effective implementation of the Enterprise Risk 
Management Framework. The RMCB met six (6) 
times during the financial year.
Details of members’ attendance are as follows:
For the year under review, the Board confirmed 
its satisfaction with the performance of the RMCB 
in discharging its duties and responsibilities in 
accordance with its Terms Reference.
Details on the Group’s Internal Control and Risk 
Management is presented in the Statement on Risk 
Management and Internal Control as set out on 
pages 127 to 132 of this Annual Report.


---- Page 63 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
123122
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENTCORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL 
RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Company has been transparent and accountable in maintaining the commitment to communicate effectively 
with shareholders. The Board is also committed to ensure that the shareholders and other stakeholders are 
well informed of major developments of the Group and the information is communicated to them through 
various channels including Annual Report, disclosures and announcements to Bursa Securities, press release, 
dialogues and presentations at general meetings and online investor relations on the Company’s website.
INVESTOR RELATIONS
As part of the initiatives in developing and implementing an investor relations programme, regular briefings 
are held between the Group with analysts and investors.
Presentations based on permissible disclosures are made to explain the Group’s performance and major 
development initiatives. Price-sensitive information about the Group is however, not disclosed at these 
briefings until after the prescribed announcement to Bursa Securities has been made.
ANNUAL REPORT
The Group’s Annual Report is the main channel of communication between the Group and its stakeholders.  
The Annual Report communicates comprehensive information of the financial results and activities undertaken 
by the Group. As a listed corporation, the contents and disclosure requirements of the Annual Report are also 
governed by the MMLR.
The Company disseminates its Annual Report to its shareholders either in hard copy or access to the 
website via QR code. All information to shareholders is available electronically in the Company’s website  
www.mnrb.com.my as soon as it is announced or published.
CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS
The AGM is the principal forum for dialogue with shareholders. The Company’s AGM is normally well attended as 
it provides the shareholders direct access to the Board as well as provide the opportunity for the shareholders 
to participate effectively and to vote accordingly.
As a precautionary measure amid the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company’s 50 th AGM held on 20 September 
2023 and was again conducted virtually and entirely via Remote Participation and Electronic Voting (RPEV) 
facilities in compliance with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 and Article 68 of the Company’s 
Constitution. 
All resolutions as set out in the Notice dated 27 July 2023 were conducted by way of poll via e-polling and 
were duly passed by the shareholders. The Share Registrar of the Company, Boardroom Share Registrars 
Sdn Bhd, acted as the Poll Administrator and KPMG Management & Risk Consulting Sdn Bhd (“KPMG”) was 
appointed as the Independent Scrutineer to verify and confirm the results of the poll.
PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL 
RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Besides the normal agenda for the AGM, the President & GCEO presented a comprehensive and concise review 
of the Group’s financial performance in addition to key development and progress achieved by the Group. 
This review is supported by the presentation of key points and key financial figures. The President & GCEO 
also presents the progress and performance of the Group in the Annual Report and provides opportunities for 
shareholders to raise questions pertaining to the business activities of the Group. 
For the 50th AGM, shareholders were invited to send questions before the meeting via email to the Company’s 
Investor Relations. The Chairman also encouraged shareholders to participate at the meeting by submitting 
typed questions in real time on the meeting platform. Questions that were submitted prior to the 50 th AGM 
and those that were posed at the meeting were addressed during the meeting. 
For transparency, the questions which had been addressed/answered were published for viewing of 
shareholders on the RPEV facilities. KPMG was appointed as the Moderator in line with the advice from the 
Minority Shareholders Watch Group to appoint an independent party to moderate the Questions & Answers 
session in a fair and impartial manner.
Six (6) Directors, Members of Senior Management and partners from the external audit firm were present at 
the 50th AGM to provide responses to the questions posed by shareholders. 
The poll results were announced by the Company via BursaLINK on the same day for the benefit of all 
shareholders. The minutes of the 50th AGM including all questions raised and answers thereto were made 
available on the Company’s website within 30 business days after the AGM.
QUARTERLY ANNOUNCEMENTS & PRESS RELEASES
The Group makes announcements on its quarterly results and other announcements to Bursa Securities to 
provide stakeholders with key information that affects their decision-making, thus enhancing the level of 
transparency. 
To promote wider publicity and dissemination of publicly available information, the Group also issues press 
releases to the Media on all significant corporate developments and business initiatives to keep the investment 
community and all stakeholders apprised on the progress and development of the Group.
This Corporate Governance Overview Statement is made in accordance with the resolution of the Board of 
Directors dated 5 July 2024.


---- Page 64 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
125124
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE
Chairman
KHALID SUFAT
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Members
GEORGE OOMMEN
Senior Independent 
Non-Executive Director
JUNAIDAH MOHD SAID
Independent 
Non-Executive Director
MEMBERSHIP
The Audit Committee shall be appointed by the Board 
and comprises at least three (3) members of whom 
all members must be non-executive directors and the 
majority shall be independent directors. At least one 
(1) member of the Committee must be a member of 
the Malaysian Institute of Accountants or eligible for 
membership.
The members of the Audit Committee must elect a 
Chairman among themselves who is an independent 
director.
As at the financial year end, the Audit Committee 
comprises three (3) Independent Non-Executive 
Directors (“INEDs”). Two (2) members of the Committee 
are qualified accountants and members of the Malaysian 
Institute of Accountants.
The composition including the tenure of the Audit 
Committee members as well as the performance of the 
Audit Committee and each of its members had been 
reviewed during the financial year.
AUTHORITY
The Audit Committee is authorised by the Board to 
undertake any activity within its terms of reference 
and must have unlimited access to all information and 
documents relevant to its activities, to both the Internal 
and External Auditors, as well as to all employees of the 
Group.
It must be able to convene meetings with the External 
Auditors, the Internal Auditors or both, excluding the 
attendance of other directors and employees of the 
listed issuer, whenever deemed necessary.
It must also have the authority to obtain independent 
legal or other professional advice as it considers 
necessary.
Khalid Sufat 9/9100%
George Oommen 9/9100%
Junaidah Mohd Said 9/9100%
MEETINGS
A quorum shall consist of at least two-thirds of the 
members with independent directors forming the 
majority.
A minimum of four (4) meetings per year is planned. 
Additional meetings may be called at any time if so 
requested by any Committee member, the Management, 
the Internal or External Auditors.
The Chairman of the Audit Committee shall invite any 
person to be in attendance to assist the Committee in 
its deliberations.
After each meeting, the Audit Committee shall report 
and update the Board on significant issues and concerns 
discussed and where appropriate, make the necessary 
recommendations to the Board. The minutes of the 
meetings shall also be circulated to the Board after 
confirmation.
The Secretary to the Audit Committee shall be the 
Company Secretary.
ACTIVITIES
For the financial year under review, a total of nine 
(9) Audit Committee Meetings were held. Details of 
members’ attendance are as follows:
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
The main activities that took place during the meetings were:
• Deliberated on significant matters raised 
by the External Auditors including 
financial 
reporting issues, significant judgements made by 
Management, significant and unusual events or 
transactions and received progress updates from 
Management on actions taken for improvements;
• Reviewed the External Auditors’ management 
letter and Management’s response thereto. A 
meeting without the presence of the Management 
was also held with the External Auditors on 15 
June 2023. Matters discussed during the meeting 
include key reservations noted by the External 
Auditors during the course of their annual audit;
• Deliberated on matters pertaining to the 
implementation of MRFS 17 Insurance Contract;
• Reviewed the terms of reference of the Audit 
Committee and the Internal Audit Charter;
• Reviewed the actual and proposed Key 
Performance Indicators of the Internal Audit 
Department for the financial years ended 31 
March 2023 and 31 March 2024 respectively;
• Reviewed the Internal Audit plan for FY 
2024/2025 and External Auditors’ audit plan for 
the financial year ended 31 March 2024;
• Reviewed the results of the internal audit 
reports for the Company on the adequacy and 
effectiveness of governance, risk management 
and compliance processes;
• Reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of 
corrective actions taken by Management on all 
significant matters raised by both the Internal and
 
External Auditors including status of completion 
achieved; and
• Reviewed the compliance with the Policy 
Document on Anti-Money Laundering, 
Countering Financing of Terrorism and Targeted 
Financial Sanctions for Financial Institutions as 
well as evaluated the effectiveness of the overall
 
compliance risk of the Company.
In respect of the Company’s Employees’ Share 
Option Scheme (“ESOS”), there were no allocation of  
options in the year for the Audit Committee to review.
• Reviewed the quarterly results, unaudited interim 
financial statements and year-end financial 
statements prior to approval by the Board;
• Reviewed the disclosures in the audited financial 
statements to be in compliance with regulatory 
requirements;
• Reviewed the Statement of Directors’ 
Responsibility in Relation to the Financial 
Statements, Audit Committee Report and 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal 
Control for inclusion in the Annual Report to be 
in compliance with Bursa Malaysia requirements;
• Evaluated the performance and recommended 
to the Board, the appointment and remuneration 
of the External Auditors for the 
financial year 
ended 31 March 2024;
• Deliberated on, and recommended to the Board, 
the payment of dividend for the financial year 
ended 31 March 2023;
• Deliberated on, and recommended to the 
Board, the adoption of new Malaysian Financial  
Reporting Standards (“MFRSs”) and 
Amendments/Annual Improvements to MFRSs 
that are effective for the financial 
year ended  
31 March 2024;
• Reviewed and recommended to the Board, 
the adoption of the MNRB Group Policy on 
the Engagement of External Auditors for Non-
Assurance Services;
• Reviewed and recommended to the Board, the 
adoption of amendments to the Accounting 
Policies of the Company;
• Reviewed the appointment and remuneration 
of the Tax Consultant for transfer pricing 
documentation for FY 2023 until 2025;
• Reviewed the tax matters affecting the Company;
• Reviewed the Related Party Transactions as 
entered into by the Company on a periodic basis, 
including understanding the relationship of the 
transacting parties, the 
nature of these parties’ 
business, the nature and timing of transactions 
and comparing the terms of the transactions 
with other third party transactions;


---- Page 65 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
127126
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
INTERNAL AUDIT DEPARTMENT
The Audit Committee is assisted by the Internal Audit Department in the discharge of their duties and responsibilities. 
The Internal Audit Department is independent of operations and was set up in-house on 2 January 1991.
As at the financial year end, the Internal Audit Department is staffed by twenty seven (27) auditors. Some of the 
the Internal Audit Department staff have professional qualification such as the Association of Chartered Certified 
Accountants and are members of the Institute of Internal Auditors. With the exception of one (1) Internal Audit 
Department staff who exercised the Company’s ESOS in 2004 and holds shares of the Company, the rest of the 
Internal Audit Department staff are free from any relationship or conflict of interest. This does not result in the 
impairment of objectivity and independence of the internal audit function as a whole.
The Internal Audit Department’s duties are guided by prevailing internal policies and procedures and the Institute 
of Internal Auditors’ International Professional Practice Framework as well as professional standards set within the 
Institute of Internal Auditors Code of Ethics.
Their primary responsibility is to provide assurance to the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the governance, 
risk management and internal control process within the Company and its subsidiaries. Internal audit reports 
are issued to the Management of the operational units and contain audit findings, management responses and 
recommendations for improvement in areas with risk and internal control deficiencies.
For the financial year ended 31 March 2024, the total costs incurred for the Internal Audit Department were 
RM4,450,753.
A summary of its activities for the year is as follows:
1.  Conducted audits of the various business portfolios/departments of the Company and its subsidiaries, including 
the reviews performed over key risk areas i.e. underwriting, 
claims, finance, customer relationship management, 
information and communication technology, management of customer information and permitted closure, 
outsourcing of external parties and review the Policy Document on Anti-Money Laundering, Countering 
Financing of Terrorism and Targeted Financial Sanctions for Financial Institutions;
2. Conducted special reviews and investigations over possible threats to the safeguarding of assets and matters 
concerning organisational level reputational risks; 
3. Follow-up on audit findings rectification and actions taken by Management 
to resolve the issues identified 
during the audits; and
4. Prepared annual audit plans for the Audit Committee’s consideration.
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT
AND INTERNAL CONTROL
This Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control (the “Statement”) is made pursuant to  
Paragraph 15.26(b) of the Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad and consistent with the 
guidance provided in the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors of 
Listed Issuers.
RESPONSIBILITY
The Board of MNRB Holdings Berhad (“MNRB”) 
acknowledges its overall responsibility for the 
establishment and oversight of the Group’s (comprising 
MNRB and its main operating subsidiaries, namely 
Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad, Takaful Ikhlas Family 
Berhad and Takaful Ikhlas General Berhad) risk 
management and internal control system, as well as the 
review of its adequacy and effectiveness. The Board 
also recognises that risk management is a continuous 
process, designed to manage risks impacting the 
Group’s business strategies and objectives, within the 
risk appetite and tolerance established by the Board. In 
pursuing these objectives, the internal control system 
can only provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance 
against any material financial misstatement, fraud, or 
losses.
The Board has established a group-wide risk 
management framework, i.e. the Group Risk 
Management Framework and Policy (“RM Framework”) 
that describes the structure, approach, and process for 
identifying, evaluating, responding to, monitoring, and 
managing the significant risks faced by the Group. The 
RM Framework has been in place for the whole of the 
financial year ended 31 March 2024 and the latest review 
was completed in February 2023. 
The RM Framework is applicable across the Group 
and serves as a central risk management framework, 
supported by related sub-frameworks, policies, and 
underlying procedures. It is consistent with the risk 
appetite defined by the Board, Group Management Risk 
& Compliance Committee (“GMRCC”) and based on 
principles of risk governance stipulated in Bank Negara 
Malaysia (“BNM”) Risk Governance Guidelines.
 
The Board is confident that the RM Framework provides 
reasonable 
assurance on the effectiveness and efficiency 
of the strategic, financial, and operational aspects of 
MNRB and its main operating subsidiaries. The RM 
Framework is regularly reviewed by the Board.
RISK MANAGEMENT GOVERNANCE
Dedicated Board Committees known as the Risk 
Management Committee of the Board have been 
established at MNRB and each of its main operating 
subsidiaries to support the Board in meeting the 
expectations and responsibilities on risk and compliance 
management, provides assurance to the Board that 
the processes have been carried out effectively and 
inculcates a strong risk management culture on a group-
wide basis. There are clearly defined responsibilities and 
reporting to the Risk Management Committee of the 
Board from the management to provide oversight and 
governance over the Group’s activities, which aims to 
safeguard shareholders’ interests and the Group’s assets, 
as well as to manage the risks of MNRB and its main 
operating subsidiaries for the entirety of the financial 
year ended 31 March 2024.
The Group Shariah Committee (“GSC”) was established 
to provide objective and sound advice to the Group to 
ensure that its aims and operations, business, affairs and 
activities are in compliance with Shariah. 
The Group Management Committee (“GMC”), together 
with the Senior Management Committee (“SMC”) of its 
main operating subsidiaries oversee the implementation 
of risk and compliance management processes, establish, 
and implement appropriate organizational structures 
and systems for managing financial and non-financial 
risks.
Dedicated Management Committee known as the Group 
Management Risk & Compliance Committee (“GMRCC”), 
which comprises the President & Group Chief Executive 
Officer, the President & Chief Executive Officer and 
selected members of Senior Management from MNRB 
and its main operating subsidiaries has been established 
to support the GMC/respective SMCs to implement the 
risk and compliance management processes, establish 
clear guidance in managing the Group’s risks to ensure 
their alignment to their respective risk appetite for all 
business strategies and activities.


---- Page 66 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
129128
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLSTATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The risk governance structure is aligned across the 
Group through the adoption of the RM Framework 
in order to embed a streamlined and coherent risk 
management culture. The day-to-day responsibility for 
the risk management function lies primarily with those 
entrusted with risk management responsibilities in the 
business and support units. The Group Chief Risk Officer 
(“GCRO”) oversees risk governance across the Group 
and is supported by the Head of Risk Management of 
the main operating subsidiaries. Together, they assist 
the GMRCC and the respective Risk Committees of 
the Board in ensuring effective implementation and 
maintenance of RM Framework and its sub-framework.  
Primarily, the main operating subsidiaries provide the 
necessary infrastructure to carry out the risk management 
function and the Risk Management Department acts 
as the central contact and guide for risk management 
issues within the respective companies.
The Group adopts the ‘Three Lines of Defence (“LOD”)’ 
governance model which provides a formal, transparent 
and effective risk governance structure to promote 
active involvement from the Board, Senior Management 
and all staff in the risk management process across the 
Group.
i. First LOD: Risk Ownership and Steering is carried out by 
the business and support functions, which have primary 
responsibility for risk management and control activities embedded in day-to-day business operations.
ii. Second LOD: Risk oversight and monitoring is carried out by the risk management, (including Shariah risk 
management and review functions), actuarial and compliance functions, which have the primary responsibility 
for setting up risk and risk-related policies, frameworks, guidelines, and procedures, as well as providing support 
and direction to the business with regard to risk.
iii. Third LOD: Independent assurance is carried out by Group Internal Audit function who provides independent 
and objective assurance on the overall effectiveness of risk management and internal controls within the Group.
Direct Reporting Line Interaction
MNRB/Entity Board of Directors (Board)
Group Shariah Committee 
(GSC)
MNRB/Entity Risk Management 
Committee of the Board (RMCB)
MNRB/Entity Audit Committee 
of the Board (ACB)
Group Management Committee 
(GMC)/Entity Senior  
Management Committee (SMC)
Group Management Risk & Compliance 
Committee (GMRCC)
1st Line of Defense
• Operational and Business 
functions (“Risk Owners”)
• Embedded Risk Manager 
(“eRM”)
• Shariah Business Advisory 
function
3rd Line of Defense
• Internal Audit and Shariah 
Audit function
2nd Line of Defense
• Risk Management and Shariah 
Risk Management function
• Compliance and Shariah 
Review function
• Actuarial Services function
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL STRUCTURE
The key features that the Board has established in reviewing 
the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management 
framework and internal control system include the following:
1. GROUP RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK AND POLICY
 RM Framework
• The Board believes that an effective RM Framework and strong internal control system is essential to 
the Group in its pursuit to achieve its business 
objectives, especially on the continued profitability and 
enhancement of shareholders’ value in today’s rapidly changing market environment.
Risk Management Process
BUSINESS AND RISK STRATEGY
GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
RISK CULTURE
Risk Appetite
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP)
Communication 
& Consult
Identification
Measure & 
Access
Control & 
Mitigate
Monitor & 
Report
Risk Appetite
• Defining risk appetite is an essential element of the Group’s 
risk management. When deciding on its risk 
appetite, the Group considers its risk capacity, i.e. the amount and type of risk the Group is able to support 
in pursuit of its business objectives, taking into account its capital structure and access to financial markets. 
• The Risk Appetite Statement (“RAS”) is established by the Boards of MNRB and the respective main 
operating subsidiaries and reviewed on a yearly basis, according to the desired level of risk exposures. 
Management operationalises the RAS into risk tolerance levels for specific risks.


---- Page 67 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
131130
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
 Highlights on Key Risks
 The Group, through its normal day-to-day business, 
is exposed to different types of risks that could
 
adversely affect the Group’s operating results and 
financial position. Key risks are constantly monitored 
by the Management and escalated to the GMRCC 
and Risk Management Committee of the Board,  
and periodically reviewed by the Board.
 The Group’s key risks are described in the relevant 
sections of the Financial Statements.
2. INTERNAL AUDIT
• The Audit Committee complements the oversight 
role of the Board by providing an independent 
assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness 
of governance, risk management and internal 
controls. The Audit Committee is assisted by
 
an independent Internal Audit Department in 
performing its role.
• The internal audit function of the Group is 
undertaken by the Internal Audit Department 
established at MNRB. The department reports 
directly to the 
respective Audit Committees of 
the Group. 
• The Internal Audit Department performs regular 
reviews of the business processes of the Group 
to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of 
governance, risk management and internal 
controls.
• The Internal Audit Department provides 
recommendations to improve on the effectiveness 
of risk management, controls and governance
 
processes. Control lapses are escalated to 
Management and Board for deliberation, where 
necessary. Status of rectification is tracked and 
monitored by Management and Audit Committee, 
within the committed timeline. Management 
will accordingly follow through to ensure the 
resolution of recommendations agreed upon. 
Audit reviews are carried out on functions that 
are identified on a risk-based approach, in the 
context of the Group’s evolving business and 
its regulatory environment, while also taking 
into consideration inputs of Senior Management 
as well as inputs from the respective Audit 
Committees.
• The Audit Committees meet at least once every 
quarter to review matters identified in reports 
prepared by the Internal Auditors, External 
Auditors, 
and Regulatory Authorities. It further 
evaluates the effectiveness and adequacy of 
the Group’s internal control system. The Audit 
Committees have active oversight on the Internal 
Auditors’ independence, scope of work and 
resources. The activities undertaken by the Audit 
Committees during the year are highlighted in 
the Audit Committee Reports of MNRB and its 
main operating subsidiaries.
3. OTHER KEY ELEMENTS OF INTERNAL CONTROL
1) The Board ensures that all decisions are 
communicated promptly to staff of all levels 
within the Group and vice-versa where feedback 
and suggestions on improvements could be 
communicated to the Management and the
 
Board.
2) The Group has a well-defined organisational 
structure with clear lines of responsibility and 
accountability. Further, to minimize errors and 
reduce the possibilities of fraud, segregation of 
duties 
is practised by ensuring conflicting tasks 
are assigned to different employees.
3) Annual business plans and budgets are 
developed in line with the Group’s strategies and 
risk appetite and submitted to the respective 
Boards for approval. Financial performance and 
major variances against targets are reviewed by 
the Management on a regular basis and reported 
to the Boards on a quarterly basis.
4) The Group’s financial systems record all 
transactions to produce performance 
reports that are submitted to the respective 
Managements within internally stipulated 
timelines. These performance reports and the
 
Quarterly Bursa Announcements are tabled to 
the Group Management Committee (“GMC”) 
before being tabled to the respective Audit 
Committee and approved by the Boards.
5) The Underwriting Guidelines for reinsurance, 
retakaful and takaful businesses have been 
put in place to manage risks that are being 
underwritten.
6) Retrocession / retrotakaful and retakaful 
programmes are in place as risk mitigation 
initiatives, supported by a spread of reinsurers 
and retakaful operators with acceptable ratings 
from accredited agencies. The credit ratings 
of these companies are reviewed 
on a regular 
basis.
7) Departmental policies and procedures are 
available and act as guidance to employees 
on the necessary steps to be taken in a given 
set of circumstances. It also specifies relevant
 
authority limits to be complied with by each 
level of Management.
8) Every employee of the Group is contractually 
bound to observe the MNRB Group Code of 
Ethics, which promotes a culture of compliance, 
professionalism, ethical standards and 
responsible conduct. The Group expects each 
employee to perform and work with honesty 
and integrity at all times and uphold the Group’s 
values without fail. 
9) The Group utilises the Skills Competency 
Matrix that provides a comprehensive 
view of the types and levels of skills and 
competencies needed for any particular job 
role. The competence of personnel is maintained 
through a structured recruitment process, a 
performance measurement and rewards system 
and a wide variety of training and development 
programmes.
10) The Group implements the annual Mandatory 
Block Leave (“MBL”) to create a positive talent 
management culture where the organisation 
does not have an overreliance on any particular 
employee, and as a prudent operational risk 
management measure particularly with regard 
to employees posted in sensitive positions 
or areas of operations such as underwriting, 
treasury, procurement or investment.
11) An annual employee engagement survey is 
conducted with the objective to gauge the 
engagement level of employees, to gather their 
feedback on the effectiveness / ineffectiveness 
of the various employee touch points and 
to develop the necessary action plans for 
improvement of those areas.
12) The Group Anti-Fraud Policy has been 
established to provide a consistent approach to 
prevent, detect and manage fraud, and to make 
a clear 
statement to all employees that the 
Group does not tolerate fraud of any form.
13) The Group Anti-Bribery and Corruption (“Group 
ABC”) Policy has also been established to state 
the Board’s and Management’s commitment and 
stance on bribery and corruption risks, which 
include disciplinary actions for non-compliance,
 
misconduct or breach of the policy.
 The Group ABC Policy addresses general 
guidelines on both internal and external concerns 
on bribery and corruption risk, such as Conflict
 
of Interest, Illegal Gratification and Corrupt 
Practices, Gift & Entertainment, Corporate 
Social Responsibility activities, sponsorship and 
donations, as well as dealing with public officials 
and third parties.
14) The Group has established the Group Anti-
Money Laundering and Countering Financing 
of Terrorism and Targeted Financial Sanctions 
(“AML/CFT & TFS”) 
Policy that reflects the 
Group’s commitment in combating money 
laundering and financing of terrorism. It also 
sets out the Group’s expectations on its relevant 
entities to be vigilant in ensuring proper controls 
and monitoring mechanisms to safeguard the 
entities against being used for money laundering 
or terrorism financing (ML/TF) purposes. 
15) A Group Whistleblowing Policy has been put in 
place for employees, external parties and other 
stakeholders to raise concerns about illegal, 
unethical or unacceptable practices. This policy 
governs the disclosures, reporting, investigation 
of misconduct and protection offered to 
the person(s) making those 
disclosures in 
accordance with the Whistleblowing Protection 
Act 2010.
16) A structured Business Continuity Management 
(“BCM”) Programme is in place to ensure 
resumption of critical business operations within 
the pre-defined 
Maximum Tolerable Downtime 
(“MTD”). The Group has also established a 
Disaster Recovery Plan (“DRP”) which outlines 
the processes and set of procedures to recover 
the Group’s IT infrastructure within a set 
Recovery Time Objective (“RTO”). 


---- Page 68 ----
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OTHER 
INFORMATION
133132
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
 The BCM Programme and DRP are validated by 
conducting regular tests and updated as and 
when necessary.
17) Sufficient insurance and takaful coverage, 
including covers for properties, employee-
related, cyber security breaches, and Directors 
and Officers liabilities, are 
in place to ensure the 
Group is adequately protected against these 
risks and/or claims that could result in financial 
or reputational loss.
18) The Group Information Technology Steering 
Committee (“Group ITSC”), chaired by the 
President & Group Chief Executive Officer, is 
established to oversee the implementation
 
of IT strategic plans and provide direction in 
support of IT related initiatives and activities. 
ITSC has also been established at respective 
main operating subsidiaries. An Information 
Technology Oversight Committee, represented 
by the President & CEOs of MNRB, Takaful 
IKHLAS Family and Takaful IKHLAS General 
as well as the Group Chief Technology Officer, 
have been established for Takaful IKHLAS 
Family and Takaful IKHLAS General, to assist the 
Board in discharging its responsibility to ensure 
that material investments in MNRB Group of 
Companies’ technology projects and programs 
are aligned with its organisational strategy, 
achieve intended business outcomes, and are 
effectively managed in a way that mitigates 
risks.
19) The Information Communication & Technology 
Department (“ICTD”) and Information Systems 
& Services Department (“ISSD”) are established 
and responsible for continuously monitoring and 
responding to IT security threats, conducting 
awareness programmes, as well as performing 
assessments and network penetration test 
programmes. 
20) MNRB holds a 20% effective equity interest in 
its associated company, Labuan Reinsurance 
(L) Ltd. (“Labuan Re”) through its subsidiary, 
Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad and a 40% 
effective equity interest 
in another associated 
company, Motordata Research Consortium Sdn. 
Bhd. (“MRC”). MNRB safeguards its interests in 
its associates by ensuring that there is adequate 
representation from MNRB on the Board of 
Directors of the associates. During the year, 
Malaysian Re has two representatives on the 
Board of Labuan Re, whilst MNRB has two 
representatives on the Board of MRC.
ASSURANCE
The Board, through the Audit Committee, Risk 
Management Committee of the Board and reports 
from the Senior Management; with assurance from the 
President & GCEO and the Group Chief Financial Officer 
(“GCFO”), is of the view that the risk management 
and internal control system is sound and operating 
adequately and effectively, in all material aspects to 
safeguard shareholders’ interests and the Group’s assets, 
as well as to manage the Group’s risks.
REVIEW OF THE STATEMENT BY EXTERNAL AUDITORS
As required by paragraph 15.23 of the Main Market  
Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad, the external auditors have reviewed this 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control. 
Their review was performed in accordance with Audit 
and Assurance Practice Guide (AAPG) 3 issued by 
the Malaysian Institute of Accountants. Based on their 
review, the external auditors have reported to the  
Board that nothing has come to their attention that 
causes them to believe that this Statement, intended 
to be included in the annual report, is not prepared,  
in all material respects, in accordance with the 
disclosures required by paragraphs 41 and 42 of the  
Risk Management and Internal Control Statement: 
Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuer, nor is the 
Statement factually inaccurate. The external auditors 
are not required by AAPG 3 to consider whether this 
Statement covers all risks and controls, or to form 
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk 
management and control procedures.
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY 
IN RELATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Pursuant to paragraph 15.26(a) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
The Directors are required to prepare the financial statements which gives a true and fair view of the state of affairs 
of the Group and the Company as at 31 March 2024 and of their results and cash flows for the year then ended.
The Directors consider that, in preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2024,
• the Group and the Company have used appropriate accounting policies, which are consistently applied;
• reasonable and prudent judgements and estimates were made;
• all applicable approved accounting standards in Malaysia have been followed; and
• the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.
The Directors are responsible for ensuring that the Group and the Company maintain accounting records that 
disclose with reasonable accuracy the financial position of 
the Group and the Company, and which enable them to 
ensure that the financial statements are drawn up in accordance with the requirements of the applicable approved 
Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board and the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2016.
The Directors have general responsibilities for taking such steps that are reasonably available to them to safeguard 
the assets of the Group and the Company, in that context, to have proper regard to the establishment of appropriate 
systems of internal control with a view to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.
The Directors consider that they have pursued the actions necessary to meet their responsibilities as set out in this 
Statement.
This statement was approved by the Board on 19 July 2024.


---- Page 69 ----
134
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD
ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION
The information set out below is disclosed in compliance with the Listing Requirements:
1. UTILISATIONS OF PROCEEDS RAISED FROM CORPORATE
 The Company had early redeemed its existing Subordinated Sukuk Murabahah 
of RM320 million on its first 
call date on 22 March 2024 and issued an RM420 million nominal value subordinated sukuk. The subordinated  
MTN carries a tenure of ten (10) years from issue date on a 10-years, non-callable 5-year basis with a fixed profit 
rate of 4.46% per annum payable in semi-annually in arrears.
2. AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES
 The amount of audit and non-audit fees paid to external auditors by the Group and the Company for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2024 were as follows:
Service
Group
(RM’000)
Company
(RM’000)
Audit fees 2,945 160
Non-audit fees 185 104
3. MATERIAL CONTRACTS
 There were no material contracts entered into by the Group and the Company involving directors’ and major 
shareholders’ interests, which subsisted at the end of the 
financial year ended 31 March 2024 or, if not then 
subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year.
FINANCIAL STATEMENT
136 Directors’ Report
144 Statement by Directors 
144 Statutory Declaration
145 Independent Auditors’ Report
155 Income Statements
157 Statements of Comprehensive Income
158 Statements of Financial Position
160 Statements of Changes In Equity
162 Statements of Cash Flows
164 Notes to the Financial Statements


---- Page 70 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
137136
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Directors' Report
Principal Activities
Results
Group Company
RM'000 RM'000
Net profit for the financial year 433,539       73,077          
Reserves and Provisions
Dividend
RM'000
In respect of the financial year ended 31 March 2023:
34,847          
Options Granted Over Unissued Shares
Subsequent Event
The Directors have pleasure in submitting their report together with the audited financial statements
of the Group and the Company for the financial year ended 31 March 2024.
The Company is an investment holding company, principally engaged in the provision of
management services to its subsidiaries.
The principal activities and other information of the subsidiaries are as disclosed in Note 16 to the
financial statements.
There were no material transfers to or from reserves or provisions during the financial year other than
as disclosed in the financial statements.
In the opinion of the Directors, the results of the operations of the Company during the financial year
were not substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature,
other than those arising from the adoption of Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards ("MFRS") 17
Insurance Contracts, as disclosed in Note 2.22.
The amount of dividend declared and paid by the Company since the end of the previous financial
year was as follows:
No options were granted to any person to take up unissued shares of the Company since the
beginning of the financial year to the date of this report.
Final single-tier dividend of 4.45 sen per ordinary share declared on
21 September 2023 and paid on 31 October 2023
There are no significant adjusting events after the statements of financial position date up to the date 
when the financial statements are authorised for issuance.
1
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Share capital and debentures
Directors
Holding 
Company
MNRB* Malaysian Re* Takaful IKHLAS 
Family*
Takaful IKHLAS 
General* MRDL* MSSB* SSB*
 Appointed on 1 
August 2023  --
 -  --
 -----
 ------
George Oommen
Datuk Johar Che Mat 
< ------------------------------------------ Directors of the entities ------------------------------------------- >
Name of Directors
Subsidiaries
Khalid Sufat
Junaidah Mohd Said
There were no changes in the issued and paid-up capital of the Company during the financial year.
The names of the Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries in office since the beginning of the financial year to the date of this report are:
On 22 March 2024, the Company had early redeemed its existing Subordinated Sukuk Murabahah of RM320 million on its first call date on 22 March
2024 and issued an RM420,000,000 nominal value subordinated sukuk which qualifies as Tier-2 capital under the RBC/RBCT Framework issued byBNM. The subordinated Medium Term Notes ("MTN") carries a tenure of ten (10) years from issue date on a 10-year, non-callable 5-year basis with afixed interest rate of 4.46% per annum payable semi-annually in arrears.
2


---- Page 71 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
139138
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Directors (cont'd.)
Holding 
Company
MNRB* Malaysian Re* Takaful IKHLAS 
Family*
Takaful IKHLAS 
General* MRDL* MSSB* SSB*
 ------
 ------
-  --
Datin Joanne Marie Lopez -  -----
-  -----
--  ----
Md Azmi Abu Bakar - -  ----
Azizul Mohd Said - -  ----
---  ---
---  ---
---  ---
Dr. Wan Zamri Wan Ismail - - -  ---
--
Resigned on 1 
September 
2023
 ---
Shareen Ooi Bee Hong
Dato' Wan Roshdi Wan Musa
The names of the Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries in office since the beginning of the financial year to the date of this report are (cont'd.):
Velayudhan Harikes
Zaida Khalida Shaari
< ------------------------------------------ Directors of the entities ------------------------------------------- >
Name of Directors
Subsidiaries
Rosinah Mohd Salleh
Dato' Amirudin Abdul Halim
Woon Tai Hai
Arul Sothy S Mylvaganam
Zaharudin Daud
3
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Directors (cont'd.)
Holding 
Company
MNRB* Malaysian Re* Takaful IKHLAS 
Family*
Takaful IKHLAS 
General* MRDL* MSSB* SSB*
----- 
Appointed on 1 
October 2023 ------
- Appointed on 1 
August 2023 -----
--
Appointed on 1 
September 
2023
----
---- Appointed on 1 
April 2023
Appointed on 
31 December 
2023
-
------
Appointed on 
31 December 
2023
----- Resigned on 2 
January 2024
Resigned on 2 
January 2024
Sharmini Perampalam
Name of Directors
Subsidiaries
The names of the Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries in office since the beginning of the financial year to the date of this report are (cont'd.):
< ------------------------------------------ Directors of the entities ------------------------------------------- >
Ahmad Noor Azhari Abdul Manaf
Ekmarrudy Othman
Rizal Mohd Zin
Suharti Mohd Ali
Chin See Mei
Wan Zamri Wan Zain
4


---- Page 72 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
141140
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Directors (cont'd.)
* MNRB - MNRB Holdings Berhad
Malaysian Re - Malaysian Reinsurance BerhadTakaful IKHLAS Family - Takaful Ikhlas Family BerhadTakaful IKHLAS General - Takaful Ikhlas General BerhadMRDL - Malaysian Re (Dubai) Ltd.MSSB - MMIP Services Sdn. Bhd.SSB - Sinar Seroja Berhad 
In accordance with the Company's Constitution, the following Directors will be retiring at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and, being eligible,
offer themselves for re-election:i. Clause 90 - Datuk Johar Che Mat and Zaida Khalida Shaariii. Clause 95 - Chin See Mei
5
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Directors (cont'd.)
Directors' Benefits
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Directors' fee 1,346           1,233            710              667                 
Meeting allowances 445              363               224              171                 
1,791           1,596            934              838                 
Directors' Indemnity
Directors' Interest
Other Statutory Information
(a)
(i)
(ii)
According to the register of Directors' shareholdings, none of the Directors in office at the end of
the financial year had any interest in shares of the Company or its related corporation during the
financial year.
Neither at the end of the financial year, nor at any time during that year, did there subsist any
arrangement to which the Company or its subsidiaries were a party, whereby the Directors might
acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other
body corporate.
Since the end of the previous financial year, no Director has received or become entitled to
receive any benefit (other than those shown below) by reason of contract made by the Company
or a related corporation with the Director or with a firm of which the director is a member or with a
company in which the Director has a substantial financial interest.
During the financial year, the Company purchased Directors and Officers Liability Takaful cover to
provide indemnity to all directors of the MNRB Group for a limit of RM50 million at a contribution
of RM110,671.
Before the income statements, statements of comprehensive income and statements of
financial position of the Group and the Company were made out, the Directors took
reasonable steps:
CompanyGroup
to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts
and the making of allowance for doubtful debts and satisfied themselves that there were
no known bad debts and that adequate allowance had been made for doubtful debts;
and
to ensure that any current assets which were unlikely to realise their values as shown in
the accounting records in the ordinary course of business had been written down to an
amount which they might be expected to realise.
6


---- Page 73 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
143142
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Other Statutory Information (cont'd.)
(b)
(i)
(ii)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(i)
(ii)
(f) In the opinion of the Directors:
(i)
(ii)
any contingent liability of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of
the financial year other than those arising in the normal course of business of the Group
and the Company. 
no contingent liability or other liability has become enforceable or is likely to become
enforceable within the period of twelve (12) months after the end of the financial year
which will or may affect the ability of the Group or of the Company to meet their
obligations when they fall due; and
no item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature has arisen in the interval
between the end of the financial year and the date of this report which is likely to affect
substantially the results of the operations of the Group or of the Company for the
financial year in which this report is made.
any charge on the assets of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the
end of the financial year which secures the liabilities of any other person; or
At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances which have
arisen which would render adherence to the existing method of valuation of assets or
liabilities of the Group and of the Company misleading or inappropriate.
At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise
dealt with in this report or in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company which
would render any amount stated in the financial statements misleading.
As at the date of this report, there does not exist:
At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances which would
render:
it necessary to write-off any bad debts or the amount of the allowance for doubtful debts
in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company inadequate to any
substantial extent; and
the values attributed to the current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of
the Company misleading.
7
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Other Statutory Information (cont'd.)
Auditors and Auditors' Remuneration
Datuk Johar Che Mat Khalid Sufat
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the Directors dated 26 July
2024. 
For the purpose of paragraphs (e)(ii) and (f)(i) above, contingent or other liabilities do not include
liabilities arising from reinsurance, takaful and retakaful contracts underwritten in the ordinary
course of business of the reinsurance/retakaful and takaful subsidiaries and associate
companies.
The retiring auditors, Messrs. Ernst & Young PLT, have expressed their willingness to accept re-
appointment. The auditors' remuneration of the Group and the Company during the year are
RM5,138,000 and RM264,000 respectively.
8


---- Page 74 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
145144
Datuk Johar Che Mat Khalid Sufat
Subscribed and solemnly declared by      )
the above named Sharmini Perampalam )
at Kuala Lumpur in Wilayah Persekutuan )
on 26 July 2024.) Sharmini Perampalam
Before me,
Commissioner for Oaths
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statement by Directors
Pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act, 2016
We, Datuk Johar Che Mat and Khalid Sufat, being two of the Directors of MNRB Holdings 
Berhad, do hereby state that, in the opinion of the Directors, the accompanying financial 
statements set out on pages 155 to 378 are drawn up in accordance with Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the 
requirements of the Companies Act, 2016 in Malaysia, so as to give a true and fair view of the 
financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 March 2024 and of the results and 
the cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the year then ended. 
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the Directors dated 26 July 
2024.
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Statutory Declaration
Pursuant to Section 251(1)(b) of the Companies Act, 2016
I, Sharmini Perampalam (MIA membership no. 20010), being the officer primarily responsible for 
the financial management of MNRB Holdings Berhad, do solemnly and sincerely declare that the 
accompanying financial statements set out on pages 155 to 378 are in my opinion correct, and 
I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true and by virtue of 
the provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1960.
9
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of MNRB Holdings Berhad, which comprise the 
statements of financial position as at 31 March 2024 of the Group and of the Company, and 
the income statements, statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity 
and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the year then ended, and 
notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, as set out 
on pages 155 to 378. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial 
position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 March 2024, and of their financial 
performance and their cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the 
requirements of the Companies Act, 2016 in Malaysia.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and 
International Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are further 
described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of 
our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Independence and other ethical responsibilities
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on 
Professional Ethics, Conduct and Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“By-
Laws”) and the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including 
International Independence Standards) ("IESBA Code"), and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code.
10


---- Page 75 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
147146
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad (cont'd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most 
significance in our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the 
current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements of the Group andthe Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, 
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our 
description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of 
the financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. 
Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our 
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of 
our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, 
provide the basis of our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.
1. Initial Application of Malaysian Financial Reporting Standard ("MFRS") MFRS 17 Insurance 
Contracts 
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts replaced MFRS 4 Insurance Contracts for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2023. As described in the accounting policies outlined in Note 
2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group applied MFRS 17 to insurance 
contracts/takaful certificates issued and reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held 
retrospectively from 1 April 2022. The 1 April 2022 opening balance sheet figures as 
presented in these consolidated financial statements have been restated for the adoption of 
MFRS 17.
Auditing the Group’s Initial Application of MFRS 17 was complex as it is related to the Group's 
measurement of the insurance contract/ takaful certificate liabilities and required the 
application of significant auditor judgment due to the complexity of the models, accounting 
interpretations made and the development of fair value assumptions used in the 
determination of the transition Contractual Service Margin ("CSM"). This involved 
professionals with specialised skills and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence 
obtained. 
Accordingly, we have identified the Initial Application as a key audit matter.
The significant accounting judgments and the impact related to the Initial Application are 
disclosed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
11
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad (cont'd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Key audit matters (cont'd.)
1. Initial Application of Malaysian Financial Reporting Standard ("MFRS") MFRS 17 Insurance 
Contracts (cont'd.)
Our audit procedures were executed with the assistance of our actuarial specialist and focused 
on the following key areas:
• We obtained an understanding of the evaluated design and tested the operating 
effectiveness of selected key controls over the implementation of the standard. The 
controls we tested included controls related to management’s selection of accounting 
policies, the determination of the transition approach, as well as controls related to the 
development of fair value and actuarial models, the integrity of data used and the 
implementationof new models.
• Evaluating the Group’s accounting policies as described in Note 2 to the consolidated 
financial statements and actuarial methodologies to assess compliance with MFRS 17. 
• Assessing the appropriateness and consistency of key assumptions used in the calculation 
of the transition balances, publicly available market data, and our knowledge of the 
products and the requirements of MFRS 17. 
• Testing the methodology and calculation of the MFRS 17 insurance contract/takaful 
certificate liabilities and transition CSM, either through review of the calculation logic within 
the newly implemented models, or through calculating an independent range estimate of 
the insurance contract/takaful certificate liability for a sample of insurance contract/takaful
certificate. 
• Evaluating the adequacy of the Group’s presentation and disclosures of the consolidated 
financial statements regarding the adoption of MFRS 17 financial impacts and implications.
12


---- Page 76 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
149148
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad (cont'd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Key audit matters (cont'd.)
2. Measurement of the liability for incurred claims ("LIC")
As of 31 March 2024, the Group recorded a LIC of RM3,926.9 million on its consolidated 
statements of financial position. The measurement of the liability for incurred claims in 
insurance business includes an estimate of future cash flows, the adjustment of this estimate 
to reflect the time value of money (discounting) and a risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
Estimating future cash flows includes all cash flows for incurred claims that have not yet been 
settled such as claims payments, claims settlement expenses and administration costs. MFRS 
17 requires an entity-specific estimate of all future cash flows. Entities shall incorporate all 
information available without undue cost or effort. The estimates shall be updated at each 
measurement date.
Estimation of future cash flows is subject to considerable judgement. Future cash flows are 
projected using actuarial models, considering past experience and assumptions about future 
developments, including social, economic or technological factors. Expected future claims 
payments are estimated on the basis of historical observations for the entity’s own portfolio
(settlement patterns) and, if necessary, with reference to external reference data and expert 
estimates. In this context, past experience is used as a basis for making assumptions about 
future premiums and ultimate loss ratios, as well as the time frames, factors, speed of claims 
settlement, and inflation of claims.
Under MFRS 17, an entity shall discount the estimate of future cash flows in order to reflect 
the time value of money. The discount rates shall reflect the characteristics of the cash flows –
including liquidity characteristics – of the insurance contracts/takaful certificates and be 
consistent with observable current market prices for financial instruments with cash flows 
whose characteristics are consistent with those of the insurance contracts/takaful certificates 
in terms of timing, currency and liquidity. The discount rates used shall be updated at each 
measurement date, using different interest rates as a reference for the update depending on 
the measurement model.
MFRS 17 requires a risk adjustment for non-financial risk to be added to the present value of 
the expected future cash flows to account for the uncertainty about the amount and timing of 
the cash flows that arises from non-financial risk. The risk adjustment for non-financial risk 
shall be updated at each measurement date.
13
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad (cont'd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Key audit matters (cont'd.)
2. Measurement of the liability for incurred claims ("LIC")  (cont'd.)
In light of the uncertainty and the use of judgement in estimating future cash flows and 
determining the discount rates as well as the risk adjustment for non-financial risk, there is a 
risk of material misstatement of the liability for incurred claims of the Group. We therefore 
determined this to be a key audit matter.
Our audit procedures were focused on the following key areas:
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of 
a sample of controls over methods selection, completeness and accuracy of the underlying 
data, relevant information technology and assumption setting used by management related to 
the estimation of the LIC.
• To test the LIC, our audit procedures were executed with the assistance of our actuarial
specialists and included, for certain lines of business selected based on risk.
• Testing the completeness and accuracy of data utilised by the Group in estimating the LIC
by reconciling such amounts to the underlying accounting records and performing data-
enabled audit procedures and claims data plausibility checks on selected samples.
• Evaluating the actuarial methods and assessing key assumptions used within projection
techniques by the Group via quantitative and qualitative analysis.
• Comparing the LIC to our independently developed range of LIC.
3. Measurement of the liabilities for remaining coverage ("LFRC") under the General 
Measurement Model ("GMM") and Variable Fee Approach ("VFA")
As of 31 March 2024, the Group recorded liabilities for remaining coverage measured under 
the VFA and the GMM of RM3,755.0 million on its consolidated statements of financial position.
At initial recognition, the Group measures a group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates 
under GMM and VFA as the total of:
- Fulfilment cash flows, which comprise of:
(i) estimates of future cash flows, adjusted to reflect the time value of money and financial 
risks.
(ii) risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
- Contractual service margin (CSM), which represents the unearned profit the Group will 
recognise as it provides service under the related insurance contracts/takaful certificates.
14


---- Page 77 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
151150
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad (cont'd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Key audit matters (cont'd.)
3. Measurement of the liabilities for remaining coverage ("LFRC") under the General 
Measurement Model ("GMM") and Variable Fee Approach ("VFA") (cont'd.)
LFRC are associated with significant uncertainties requiring the use of expert judgment 
within complex actuarial models relying on subjective assumptions in relation to future 
events. Key assumptions include mortality, lapse and expense assumptions as well as 
modelled future decisions of management and of policyholders. Moreover, because of the 
long duration of the insurance/takaful products, relatively small changes in key assumptions 
may have a significant impact on LFRC.
The determination of LFRC requires the use of complex formulas as well as the construction 
of models and other computational tools that may be incorrectly designed or configured, 
and for which inadequate assumptions and/or incomplete or inaccurate input data may be 
used. Accordingly, we have identified LFRC as a key audit matter.
Our audit procedures were focused on the following key areas:
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness 
of a sample of controls over methods selection, completeness and accuracy of the 
underlying data, relevant information technology, assumption setting, and the models used 
by management related to the estimation of LFRC.
• To test LFRC, our audit procedures were executed with the assistance of our actuarial 
specialists and included, for certain lines of business selected based on risk.
• Testing of the completeness and accuracy of data, including in-force policyholder data as 
utilised by the Group to value estimated future cash flows by reconciling such amounts to 
the underlying accounting records. 
• Assessing key best estimate assumptions used in selected actuarial models via 
quantitative and qualitative analysis, including considerations of their reasonableness 
based on experience studies, our knowledge of the Group and local markets, products 
offered, publicly available market and macroeconomic data. 
• Reviewing a sample of experience studies supporting specific assumptions.
• Challenging the nature, timing and completeness of changes in key assumptions, models 
and methods and assessing whether individual changes were errors or refinements of 
estimates.
15
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad (cont'd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Key audit matters (cont'd.)
Information other than the financial statements and auditors’ report thereon
3. Measurement of the liabilities for remaining coverage ("LFRC") under the General 
Measurement Model ("GMM") and Variable Fee Approach ("VFA") (cont'd.)
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Directors' Report and the Annual Report, but does 
not include the financial statements of the Group and of the Company and our auditors’ report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the 
other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our 
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other 
information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to 
the date of this auditor's report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this 
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this 
regard.
• Testing the models used through review of the calculation logic on a sample basis and 
evaluating the results to those of the Group.
• Performing analytical review procedures, including period-to-period analysis of changes 
in LFRC and assessing whether such changes appropriately reflect current period facts 
and circumstances.
• Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures in the Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements.
16


---- Page 78 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
153152
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad (cont'd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of financial statements of 
the Group and of the Company that give a true and fair view in accordance with Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the 
requirements of the Companies Act, 2016 in Malaysia. The directors are also responsible for 
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
financial statements of the Group and of the Company that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the directors are 
responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the 
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of 
the Group and of the Company as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on 
Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and 
International Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgement and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the 
Group and of the Company, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit 
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may 
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing 
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the Company’s internal control.
17
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad (cont'd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (cont'd.)
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s or the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in 
the financial statements of the Group and of the Company or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Group or the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the 
Group and of the Company, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements 
of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where 
applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of 
most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for 
the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our 
auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in 
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the 
entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial 
statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance 
of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
18


---- Page 79 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
155154
197201001795 (13487-A)
Independent auditors' report to the members of 
MNRB Holdings Berhad (cont'd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Ernst & Young PLT Ahmad Hammami Bin Muhyidin
202006000003 (LLP0022760-LCA) & AF 0039  No. 03313/07/2025 J
Chartered Accountants Chartered Accountant
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
26 July 2024
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, We report that 
the subsidiary of which we have not acted as auditors, are disclosed in Note 16 to the financial 
statements.
Other matters
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with 
Section 266 of the Companies Act, 2016 in Malaysia and for no other purpose.  We do not 
assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.
19
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Income statements
for the year ended 31 March 2024
Note 2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Insurance/takaful revenue 3(a) 3,098,154    2,522,676    -                  -                  
Insurance/takaful service expenses 3(b) (2,433,776)  (2,353,589)  -                  -                  
Insurance/takaful service result
before reinsurance/retakaful
contracts/certificates held664,378       169,087       -                  -                  
Allocation of reinsurance/retakaful
   premiums/contributions(604,752)     (367,536)     -                  -                  
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers/
retakaful operators for incurred claims 434,778       267,909       -                  -                  
Net expense from reinsurance/
retakaful contracts/certificates held 6 (169,974)     (99,627)       -                  -                  
Insurance/takaful service result 494,404       69,460         -                  -                  
Investment income 7 410,784       316,251       109,357       27,928         
Net realised (losses)/gains 8 (3,018)         4,060           (67)              -                  
Net fair value gains on 
financial assets at fair value 
through profit and loss145,230       25,484         -                  -                  
Net foreign exchange gain on 
investments 9 48,009         13,901         -                  -                  
Investment results 601,005       359,696       109,290       27,928         
Net insurance/takaful finance
expenses from insurance/
takaful contracts/certificates issued(458,913)     (191,985)     -                  -                  
Net reinsurance/retakaful profit/finance 
income from reinsurance/retakaful 
contracts/certificates held 11,518         8,085           -                  -                  
Unallocated surplus attributable to 
participants (90,091)       (34,417)       
Net insurance/takaful financial
results 10 (537,486)     (218,317)     -                  -                  
Group Company
20


---- Page 80 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
157156
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Income statements
for the year ended 31 March 2024 (cont'd.)
Note 2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Fees and other operating income 4(a) 49,354         35,613         57,484         61,488         
Management and other operating
   expenses4(b) (93,771)       (79,682)       (70,532)       (58,673)       
Finance cost (27,270)       (21,605)       (16,842)       (16,668)       
Other expenses (71,687)       (65,674)       (29,890)       (13,853)       
Share of results of associates 44,623         15,985         -                  -                  
Profit before zakat and taxation 530,859       161,150       79,400         14,075         
Tax attributable to the participants 11 (25,078)       (16,466)       -                  -                  
Profit before zakat and taxation
attributable to equity holders of
the Holding Company505,781       144,684       79,400         14,075         
Zakat (1,334)         (1,428)         -                  -                  
Taxation 12 (70,908)       (24,976)       (6,323)         (1,519)         
Net profit for the year attributable to 
equity holders of the Holding Company 433,539       118,280       73,077         12,556         
Basic and diluted earnings per share
attributable to equity holders of the
Holding Company (sen) 26 55.4             15.1             
Group Company
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial
statements.
21
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 March 2024
Note 2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Net profit for the year 433,539       118,280       73,077         12,556         
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
to be reclassified to income statements
in subsequent periods:
Effects of post-acquisition foreign 
exchange translation reserve on
investment in associate(16,702)       (28,390)       -                  -                  
Effects of foreign exchange translation
reserve on investment in subsidiary 877              601              -                  -                  
Net losses on financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income ("FVOCI"):
Net gains on fair value changes9,491           7,926           120              73                
Realised losses/(gains) transferred to 
   income statements8 340              (2,852)         -                  -                  
Deferred tax relating to net (gains)/loss
on financial assets at FVOCI 19 101               (2,394)         29                87                
Other comprehensive income
attributable to participants (7,454)         (2,729)         -                  -                  
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
not to be reclassified to income 
statements in subsequent periods:
Net (loss)/gain on fair value changes on
financial assets at FVOCI 548              (70)              -                  -                  
Revaluation of land and buildings 13 4,905            3,625           -                  -                  
Deferred tax relating to revaluation of
land and buildings 19 (3,787)         (407)            -                  -                  
Other comprehensive income
attributable to participants -                  -                  -                  -                  
Total comprehensive income
for the year 421,858       93,590         73,226         12,716         
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial
statements.
Group Company
22


---- Page 81 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
159158
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of financial position 
as at 31 March 2024
Note 31.03.2024 31.03.2023 01.04.2022 31.03.2024 31.03.2023
Restated Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Assets
Property, plant and equipment 13 234,972            225,802            211,213            8,448                9,204                
Intangible assets 14 117,118            124,797            75,136              6,633                4,732                
Right-of-use assets 15 2,827                3,368                5,554                2,314                -                       
Investments in subsidiaries 16 -                       -                       -                       1,304,476         1,304,476         
Investments in associates 17 174,911            147,390            162,378            1,957                1,957                
Financial and other assets 18 11,275,697       10,014,331       8,956,605         298,433            150,046            
Deferred tax assets 19 47,391              36,867              26,040              5,397                3,998                
Insurance/takaful contract assets 20 66,334              64,409              65,393              -                       -                       
Reinsurance/retakaful contract assets 20 511,081            523,586            612,189            -                       -                       
Tax recoverable 21 26,698              45,920              59,383              13,506              19,684              
Cash and bank balances 115,604            205,462            214,050            481                   277                   
Total assets 12,572,633       11,391,932       10,387,941       1,641,645         1,494,374         
Group Company
23
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of financial position 
as at 31 March 2024 (cont'd.)
Note 31.03.2024 31.03.2023 01.04.2022 31.03.2024 31.03.2023
Restated Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Liabilities and participants' funds
Borrowing 22 620,000            520,000            320,000            420,000            320,000            
Insurance/takaful contract liabilities 20 8,493,145         7,882,211         7,199,665         -                       -                       
Reinsurance/retakaful contract liabilities 20 31,938              5,579                3,613                -                       -                       
Lease liabilities 15 3,016                3,426                5,476                2,373                -                       
Other payables 23 233,530            208,799            161,959            25,811              19,473              
Deferred tax liabilities 19 37,212              21,850              18,866              -                       -                       
Tax payable 21 27,499              11,243              14,000              181                   -                       
Provision for zakat 2,661                2,203                1,754                -                       -                       
Total liabilities and participants' funds 9,449,001         8,655,311         7,725,333         448,365            339,473            
EquityShare capital 24 738,502            738,502            738,502            738,502            738,502            
Reserves 2,385,130         1,998,119         1,924,106         454,778            416,399            
Total equity attributable to equity 
holders of the Holding Company 3,123,632         2,736,621         2,662,608         1,193,280         1,154,901         
Total liabilities, participants' 
   funds and equity 12,572,633       11,391,932       10,387,941       1,641,645         1,494,374         
-                                                        (0)                                                      (0)                                                      -                                                        
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Group Company
24


---- Page 82 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
161160
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2024
 
Distributable
 Foreign
exchange
Share translation Fair value Revaluation Retained
capital reserve reserve reserve profits Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
At 1 April 2022 (as previously reported) 738,502     45,966      25,973        49,575         1,611,658      2,471,674   
Impact of initial application of MFRS 17 -                 15,091      7,773          -                   168,070         190,934      
At 1 April 2022 (restated) 738,502     61,057      33,746        49,575         1,779,728      2,662,608   
Net profit for the year -                  -                 -                 -                   118,280         118,280      
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year -                 (27,789)      (119)           3,218           -                    (24,690)       
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year -                 (27,789)      (119)           3,218           118,280         93,590        
Dividend paid during the year (Note 25) -                  -                 -                 -                   (19,577)          (19,577)       
At 31 March 2023 (restated) 738,502     33,268      33,627        52,793         1,878,431      2,736,621   
At 1 April 2023 738,502     33,268      33,627        52,793         1,878,431      2,736,621   
Net profit for the year -                  -                 -                 -                   433,539         433,539      
Other comprehensive income for the year -                 (15,825)     3,026          1,118           -                    (11,681)       
Total comprehensive income for the year -                 (15,825)     3,026          1,118           433,539         421,858      
Dividend paid during the year (Note 25) -                  -                 -                 -                   (34,847)          (34,847)       
At 31 March 2024 738,502     17,443      36,653        53,911         2,277,123      3,123,632   
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
< ----------- Attributable to equity holders of the Holding Company ------------- >
< ------------------------- Reserves -------------------------- >
< ---------- Non-distributable ---------- >
25
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 March 2024 (cont'd.)
 
 < - Non-distributable - > Distributable
Share Fair value Retained
capital reserve profits Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Company
At 1 April 2022 738,502 (435)             423,695 1,161,762   
Net profit for the year -                 -                   12,556 12,556
Other comprehensive income for the year -                 160              -                    160             
Total comprehensive income for the year -                 160              12,556           12,716
Dividend paid during the year (Note 25) -                 -                   (19,577)          (19,577)       
At 31 March 2023 738,502 (275)             416,674 1,154,901
Net profit for the year -                 -                   73,077 73,077
Other comprehensive income for the year -                 149              -                    149
Total comprehensive income for the year -                 149              73,077           73,226        
Dividend paid during the year (Note 25) -                 -                   (34,847)          (34,847)       
At 31 March 2024 738,502 (126)             454,904 1,193,280
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
<-- Attributable to equity holders of the Company -->
Company 
26


---- Page 83 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
163162
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of cash flows
for the year ended 31 March 2024
2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
Note RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before zakat and taxation 505,781        144,684       79,400        14,075        
Adjustments for:
Depreciation of:
- property, plant and equipment 13 9,103            7,892           1,119          1,210          
- right-of-use assets 15 1,530            1,404           1,157          1,023          
Amortisation of intangible assets 14 22,469          20,723         2,503          1,295          
Finance costs on 
- lease liabilities 15 114               125              151             28               
- borrowing 27,156          21,480         16,640        16,640        
Gain from disposal of:
- property, plant and equipment 8 67                 (16)               67               -                  
- intangible asset 8 -                    (398)             -                  -                  
Realised losses/(gains) on disposal of
investments 8 2,951            (3,646)          -                  -                  
Net amortisation of premiums on 
investments 7 4,977            4,873           -                  -                  
Interest/profit income 7 (404,274)       (307,526)      (6,444)         (4,451)         
Dividend income 7 (12,685)         (13,895)        (102,913)     (23,477)       
Rental income 4(a) (4,992)           (2,167)          -                  -                  
Share of results of associates (44,623)         (15,985)        -                  -                  
Net foreign exchange gains 9 (3,426)           (4,403)          -                  -                  
Net fair value gains on financial assets
at FVTPL (26,570)         (25,484)        -                  -                  
Loss on lease modification 15 687               (1,007)          -                  -                  
Write-off of intangible assets 4(b) -                    2,197           -                  -                  
Allowance for impairment of:
- financial assets at FVOCI 4(b) 41                 11                11               1                 
- other receivables 4(b) -                    1,607           -                  -                  
Writeback of impairment of: 
- financial assets at FVOCI 4(a) -                    (707)             -                  1                 
- financial assets at amortised cost 4(a) -                    (1)                 -                  -                  
-  building 4(a) (21)                (144)             -                  -                  
Tax borne by participants 11 25,078          16,466         -                  -                  
Operating cash flows before working
capital changes 103,363        (153,917)      (8,309)         6,345          
Changes in working capital:
Net (purchase of)/proceeds of financial assets (1,073,686)    (1,059,334)   (154,611)     32,699        
Decrease in staff financing 484               790              62               390             
Increase in net takaful certificate assets 609,009        683,526       -                  -                  
Increase in net retakaful certificate assets 38,864          90,569         -                  -                  
(Increase)/decrease in financial assets (438,572)       35,664         194             68               
Net change in balances with subsidiaries -                    -                   7,027          (27,721)       
Group Company
27
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statement of cash flows
for the year ended 31 March 2024 (cont'd.)
2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
Note RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000
Cash flows from operating activities (cont'd.)
Changes in working capital: (cont'd.)
Increase in tax, zakat, other payables and
lease liabilities 28,097          47,127         5,388          8,567          
(Decrease)/increase in ROU (1,018)           748              3,471          -                  
Interest/profit income received 681,109        302,427       5,787          4505
Dividend income received 12,814          17,078         148             477             
Rental received 4,991            2,147           -                  -                  
Income tax and zakat paid (60,516)         (42,067)        (1,335)         (858)            
Net cash (used in)/generated from
operating activities (95,061)         (75,242)        (142,178)     24,472        
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 13 (16,267)         (18,621)        (3,339)         (7,694)         
Purchase of intangible assets 14 (15,003)         (85,647)        (4,404)         (2,554)         
Proceed from disposal of property, plant
and equipment 52                 16                -                  -                  
Proceed from disposal of intangible asset -                    13,464         -                  -                  
Dividend received from subsidiaries and
associates -                    -                   102,913      23,000        
Net cash used in investing activities (31,218)         (90,788)        95,170        12,752        
Cash flows from financing activity
Repayment of borrowing 22 (320,000)       -                   (320,000)     -                  
Proceed from borrowing 22 420,000        200,000       420,000      -                  
Payment of lease liabilities 15 (1,576)           (1,501)          (1,250)         (1,101)         
Interest/profit paid (27,156)         (21,480)        (16,691)       (16,640)       
Dividend paid 25 (34,847)         (19,577)        (34,847)       (19,577)       
Net cash used in financing activities 36,421          157,442       47,212        (37,318)       
Cash and bank balances
Net (decrease)/increase during the year(89,858)         (8,588)          204             (94)              
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 205,462        214,050       277             371             
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 115,604        205,462       481             277             
115,604        205,462       
(1)                  (0)                 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Group Company
28


---- Page 84 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
165164
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
Notes to the financial statements - 31 March 2024
1. Corporate information
2. Material accounting policies
2.1 Basis of preparation
The financial statements of the Group and of the Company have been prepared in
accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards ("MFRSs"), International
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRSs") and the requirements of the Companies Act, 2016
in Malaysia. 
At the beginning of the current financial year, the Group and the Company had adopted the
amended MFRSs applicable for annual financial periods beginning on or after 1 January
2023, as fully described in Note 2.22.
As at the end of the financial year, the reinsurance/retakaful and takaful subsidiaries have
met the minimum capital requirements as prescribed by the Risk-Based Capital for Insurer
("RBC") Framework and Risk-Based Capital for Takaful Operators ("RBCT") Framework
issued by Bank Negara Malaysia ("BNM").
The financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors in accordance with a
resolution on 26 July 2024.
The Company is a public limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in Malaysia, and is
listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. The registered office of the
Company is located at 12th Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re, No. 17, Lorong Dungun, Damansara
Heights, 50490 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The Company is an investment holding company, principally engaged in the provision of
management services to its subsidiaries.
The principal activities of the subsidiaries are as disclosed in Note 16. There have been no
significant changes in the nature of the principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries
during the financial year.
The number of employees in the Group and in the Company at the end of the financial year were
1,123 and 302 (2023: 1,042 and 256) respectively.
29
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.1 Basis of preparation (cont'd.)
Basis of measurement
Functional and presentation currency
Use of estimates and judgements
(a)
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in
any future periods affected.
There are no significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying
accounting policies that have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
statements other than those disclosed in the following notes:
Takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation
uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year
are discussed below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates on parameters
available when the financial statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and
assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes
or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are
reflected in the assumptions when they occur. The Group dissaggregates information
to disclose takaful certificates issued with reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates
separately. This aggregation determined based on how the Group is managed.
The financial statements of the Group and the Company have been prepared under the
historical cost convention, unless otherwise stated in the accounting policies. 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the
statements of financial position, only when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the
recognised amounts and the entity intends either to settle on a net basis or to realise the
asset and settle the liability simultaneously. Income and expense will not be offset in the
income statements and the statements of comprehensive income unless required or
permitted by any accounting standard or interpretation, as specifically disclosed in the
accounting policies of the Group and of the Company.
The financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia ("RM") and all values are
rounded to the nearest thousand (RM'000) except when otherwise indicated.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with MFRS and IFRS requires
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of
accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
Actual results may differ from these estimates.
30


---- Page 85 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
167166
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.1 Basis of preparation (cont'd.)
Use of estimates and judgements (cont'd.)
(a)
(i) Estimates of future cash flows
• Mortality and morbidity rates
• Longevity
• Lapse and surrender rates
Cash flows are attributed to acquisition activities and other fulfilment activities
either directly or estimated based on the type of activities performed by the
respective business function. Cash flows attributable to acquisition and other
fulfilment activities are allocated to groups of certificates using methods that are
systematic and rational and will be consistently applied to all costs that have
similar characteristics, such as based on total contributions, number of certificates
or number of claims.
For family takaful businesses, the following assumptions were used when
estimating future cash flows:
Takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates (cont'd.)
The estimates of future cash flows reflect the Group’s view of current conditions at
the reporting date and current expectations of future events that might affect those
cash flows.
Cash flows within the boundary of a certificate are those that relate directly to the
fulfilment of the certificate, including those for which the Group has discretion over
the amount or timing. These include payments to (or on behalf of) cedents,
participants, insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows and other costs that are
incurred in fulfilling contracts/certificates. Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows
and other costs that are incurred in fulfilling contracts/certificates comprise both
direct costs and an allocation of fixed and variable overheads.
In estimating the future cash flows, the Group incorporates, in an unbiased way, all
reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or
effort at the reporting date. This information includes both internal and external
historical data about claims and other experiences, updated to reflect current
expectations of future events.
31
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.1 Basis of preparation (cont'd.)
Use of estimates and judgements (cont'd.)
(a)
(ii) Discount rates
Takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates (cont'd.)
The general takaful business and reinsurance/retakaful businesses of the Group
generally determines risk-free discount rates through a risk neutral measurement
technique (i.e., risk-free rate plus illiquidity premium) using a bottom-up approach. 
For the reinsurance/retakaful businesses specificallly, in economically developed
countries, the observed government bond yield curve was used as the source of
liquid risk-free yield curve as politically stable governments are commonly believed
to have a low probability of defaulting on their debts. For countries where
government bond rates are not readily available, another similar (government yield
curve under similar macro economic settings was considered; or if the currency is
pegged to another currency, the yield curve of the other currency was considered.
Using the Smith-Wilson method, the yield curve is extrapolated beyond the last
available market data point to an ultimate forward rate, which reflects long-term
real interest rate and inflation expectations. The ultimate forward rate is subject to
revision on an annual basis. Illiquidity premium is assumed to be zero as
reinsurance/retakaful products are generally short-term.
32


---- Page 86 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
169168
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.1 Basis of preparation (cont'd.)
Use of estimates and judgements (cont'd.)
(a)
(ii) Discount rates (cont'd.)
Discount rates applied thereon are summarised below:
Takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates (cont'd.)
The Family takaful business of the Group generally determines risk-free discount rates using the observed yield curves of
government securities. The derivation of the illiquidity premium leverages the volatility adjustment bases in accordance with theBNM’s discounting approach, with calibration made to reference the portfolio of the Group's insurance/takaful and shareholder'sfunds. The yield curve will be interpolated between the last available market data point and an ultimate forward rate, which reflectslong-term real interest rates and inflation expectations. The ultimate forward rate may be subject to revision, it is expected to beupdated only if significant changes in the long-term expectations being observed.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates issued and reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held
FYE24 FYE23 FYE24 FYE23 FYE24 FYE23 FYE24 FYE23 FYE24 FYE23 FYE24 FYE23
Local (MYR)
General Takaful               3.33% 3.16% 3.49% 3.37% 3.65% 3.58% 3.78% 3.85% 3.86% 4.04% 3.92% 4.26%
Family Takaful  3.33%-3.53% 3.16%-3.36% 3.66%-3.86% 3.58%-3.78% 3.98%-4.18% 4.06%-4.26% 4.17%-4.37% 4.60%-4.80% 4.07%-4.27% 4.48%-4.68% 4.18%-4.38% 4.82%-5.02%
Reinsurance 3.41% 3.39% 3.52% 3.45% 3.86% 3.88% 4.32% 4.56% 4.08% 4.10% 4.28% 4.40%
Retakaful 3.25% 3.08% 3.57% 3.57% 3.92% 4.04% 4.23% 4.60% 4.08% 4.19% 4.32% 4.55%
Overseas
CNY 1.82% 2.21% 2.30% 2.81% 2.47% 2.99% 2.66% 3.25% 2.09% 2.93% 1.67% 3.17%
EUR 3.50% 2.68% 2.04% 1.92% 2.29% 2.01% 2.29% 2.06% 2.61% 2.25% 2.93% 2.47%
IDR 6.41% 6.03% 6.60% 5.93% 6.74% 7.09% 6.80% 7.77% 6.77% 6.60% 7.28% 7.60%
INR 7.05% 7.28% 7.09% 6.97% 7.06% 7.57% 7.03% 7.44% 7.05% 7.45% 7.11% 7.52%
USD 5.03% 4.00% 4.03% 3.60% 4.08% 3.19% 4.35% 3.50% 4.29% 3.35% 4.91% 4.35%
1 yearPortfolio 3 years 5 years 7 years 10 years 15 year
33
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.1 Basis of preparation (cont'd.)
Use of estimates and judgements (cont'd.)
(a)
(iii) Risk adjustment for non-financial risk
(iv) Contractual Service Margin ("CSM")
• Identifying the coverage units in the group;
•
•
Allocating the CSM at the end of the period (before recognising any amounts
in profit or loss to reflect the services provided in the period) equally to each
coverage unit provided in the current period and expected to be provided in
the future years; and
Recognising in profit or loss the amount allocated to coverage units provided
in the period.
The number of coverage units in a group is the quantity of coverage provided by
the contracts/certificates in the group, which is determined by considering for each
contract/certificate the quantity of the benefits provided and its expected coverage
duration.
Takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates (cont'd.)
Risk adjustments for non-financial risk are determined to reflect the compensation
that the Group would require for bearing non-financial risk and its degree of risk
aversion. The Group applies a confidence level technique to determine the risk
adjustments for non-financial risk of its insurance contracts and takaful certificates.
Under a confidence level technique, the Group estimates the probability
distribution of the expected value of the future cash flows at each reporting date
and calculate the risk adjustment for non-financial risk as the excess of the value
at risk at the target confidence level over the expected present value of the future
cash flows allowing for the associated risks over all future years. The target
confidence level is 75th percentile, in line with the regulatory requirement of BNM
under the RBC and RBCT Framework.
The CSM is a component of the asset or liability for the group of insurance
contracts and takaful certificates that represents the unearned profit the Group will
recognise as it provides services in the future. An amount of the CSM for a group
of insurance contracts and takaful certificates is recognised in profit or loss as
insurance and takaful revenue in each period to reflect the services provided under
the group of insurance contracts and takaful certificates in that period. The amount
is determined by:
34


---- Page 87 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
171170
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.1 Basis of preparation (cont'd.)
Use of estimates and judgements (cont'd.)
(a)
(iv) Contractual Service Margin (cont'd.)
(v) Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows
•
•
(vi) Financial Assets
Impairment losses on financial assets
The measurement of impairment losses under MFRS 9 across relevant financial
assets requires judgement, in particular for the estimation of the amount and
timing of future cash flows when determining impairment losses and the
assessment of a significant increase in credit risk. These estimates are driven by
the outcome of modelled ECL scenarios and the relevant inputs used.
(i) to that group; and
(ii) to groups that include insurance contracts/takaful certificates that are 
     expected to arise from the renewals of the insurance contracts/takaful 
     certificates in that group.
Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows directly attributable to a portfolio of
insurance contracts/takaful certificates that are not directly attributable to a
group of contracts/certificates, to groups in the portfolio.
Takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates (cont'd.)
For family takaful certificates, the quantity of benefit is the contractually agreed
sum covered over the duration of the certificates. The total coverage units of each
group of takaful certificates are reassessed at the end of each reporting period to
adjust for the reduction of remaining coverage for claims paid, expectations of
lapses and cancellation of certificates in the period. They are then allocated based
on probability-weighted average duration of each coverage unit provided in the
current period and expected to be provided in the future.
Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows arise from the costs of selling,
underwriting and starting a group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates (issued
or expected to be issued) that are directly attributable to the portfolio of insurance
contracts/takaful certificates to which the group belongs.
The Group uses a systematic and rational method to allocate:
Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows that are directly attributable to a
group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates:
35
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.2 Accounting period
2.3 Subsidiaries, associates and basis of consolidation
(a) Subsidiaries
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
In the Company’s financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost
less any accumulated impairment losses. On disposal of such investments, the
difference between net disposal proceeds and their carrying amounts is included in the
income statements.
the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of its returns. 
The Company re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and
circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of
control.
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control. To
support this presumption and when the Company has less than a majority of the voting
or similar rights of an investee, the Company considers all relevant facts and
circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including: 
the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
the Company’s voting rights and potential voting rights. 
For the general reinsurance business, the Group adopts quarterly accounting periods
ending on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December, insofar as the insurance
service results for Market Cessions business is concerned. This is to correspond with the
ceding companies' accounting periods. 
Insurance/takaful service results in respect of other businesses and all other income and
expenditure are for the 12 months period ended 31 March 2024. 
A subsidiary is an entity over which the Company has all of the following:     
power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct
the relevant activities of the investee);  
exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its investment with the investee; and 
36


---- Page 88 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
173172
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.3 Subsidiaries, associates and basis of consolidation (cont'd.)
(b) Basis of consolidation
(c) Takaful and retakaful operations and funds
In accordance with the Islamic Financial Services Act ("IFSA") 2013, the assets and
liabilities of the takaful/retakaful funds are segregated from those of the shareholder's
funds of the takaful/retakaful subsidiaries, a concept known as segregation of funds.
However, in compliance with MFRS 10Consolidated Financial Statements, the assets,
liabilities, income and expenses of the takaful and retakaful funds are consolidated with
those of the shareholders' funds to represent the control possessed by the
takaful/retakaful subsidiaries over the respective funds.
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the
Company and its subsidiaries as at the financial year end. The financial statements of
the subsidiaries used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are
prepared for the same reporting date as the Company.
Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the
Company obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such
control ceases. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all intragroup assets
and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
between members of the Group are eliminated in full. Uniform accounting policies are
adopted in the consolidated financial statements for transactions and events in similar
circumstances. 
Acquisitions of subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method. The
acquisition method of accounting involves allocating the cost of the acquisition to the
fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed at the
date of acquisition. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the fair
values, at the date of exchange, of the assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and
equity instruments issued, plus any costs directly attributable to the acquisition.  
Any excess of the cost of the acquisition over the Company’s interest in the net fair
value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities represents goodwill.
Any excess of the Company’s interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets,
liabilities and contingent liabilities over the cost of acquisition is recognised immediately
in the income statements.
Under the concept of takaful/retakaful, participants/cedants make contributions to a
pool which is managed by a third party with the overall aim of using the monies to aid
fellow participants in times of need. Accordingly, the takaful/retakaful subsidiaries
manage the general and family takaful/retakaful funds in line with the principles of
Wakalah (agency). Under the Wakalah model, takaful/retakaful subsidiaries are not
participants in the funds but manage the funds (including the relevant assets and
liabilities) towards the purpose outlined above. 
37
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.3 Subsidiaries, associates and basis of consolidation (cont'd.)
(c) Takaful and retakaful operations and funds (cont'd.)
(d) Associates
Goodwill relating to an associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment
and is not amortised. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the
associates' identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over the cost of the
investments is excluded from the carrying amount of the investments and is instead
included as income in the determination of the Group’s share of the associates' profit or
loss in the period in which the investments are acquired.
In preparing the Group financial statements, the balances and transactions of the
shareholder's funds of takaful/retakaful subsidiaries were amalgamated and combined
with those of the takaful and retakaful funds respectively. Interfund assets and
liabilities, income, expenses and cash flows are eliminated in full during amalgamation
and consolidation.
The takaful and retakaful funds of the takaful/retakaful subsidiaries are consolidated
and amalgamated from the date of control and continue to be consolidated until the
date such control ceases.
Associates are entities in which the Group has significant influence and that is neither a
subsidiary nor an interest in a joint venture. Significant influence is the power to
participate in the financial and operating policies decisions of the investee but not in
control or joint control over those policies.
Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements
using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, the investments in
associates are carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
adjusted for post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the
associates. The Group’s share of the net profit or loss of the associates is recognised
in the consolidated income statements. Where there has been a change recognised
directly in the equity of the associates, the Group recognises its share of such changes. 
In applying the equity method, unrealised gains and losses on transactions between the
Group and the associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the
associates. After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is
necessary to recognise any additional impairment loss with respect to the Group’s net
investments in the associates. The investments in associates are accounted for using
the equity method from the date the Group obtains significant influence until the date
the Group ceases to have significant influence over the associates or the investments
become subsidiaries.
38


---- Page 89 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
175174
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.3 Subsidiaries, associates and basis of consolidation (cont'd.)
(d) Associates (cont'd.)
2.4 Business combination from third party
When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities
assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual
terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This
includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair
value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as equity is not
remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent
consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the
scope of MFRS 9Financial Instruments ("MFRS 9"), is measured at fair value with the
changes in fair value recognised in the statement of comprehensive income in accordance
with MFRS 9. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of MFRS 9 is
measured at fair value at each financial year end with changes in fair value recognised in
income statements.
When the Group’s share of losses in associates equal or exceed its interest in the
associates, including any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the
Group’s net investments in the associates, the Group does not recognise further
losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the
associates. 
The most recent available audited financial statements of the associates are used by
the Group in applying the equity method. Where the dates of the audited financial
statements used are not coterminous with those of the Group, the share of results is
derived from the last audited financial statements available and management financial
statements to the end of the accounting period. Uniform accounting policies are
adopted for transactions and events in similar circumstances.
In the Group's and Company’s financial statements, investments in associates are
stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
On disposal of such investments, the difference between net disposal proceeds and the
carrying amount is included in the income statements.
Business combinations involving entities not under common control are accounted for by
applying the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of
the consideration transferred, which is measured at acquisition date fair value, and the
amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree. For each business combination, the
Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or
at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs
are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses.
39
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.4 Business combination from third party (cont'd.)
2.5
Goodwill is initially measured at cost (being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration 
transferred and the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any previous 
interest held over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed). If the fair 
value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the 
Group re-assesses whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the 
liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be 
recognised at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair 
value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is 
recognised in the income statements.
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment 
losses. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination 
is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units ("CGU") 
that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or 
liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.
Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU and part of the operation within that unit is 
disposed of, the goodwill associated with the disposed operation is included in the carrying 
amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal. Goodwill disposed in 
these circumstances is measured based on the relative values of the disposed operation 
and the portion of the CGU retained.
Insurance contracts and takaful certificates classification
An insurance contract/takaful certificate is a contract/certificate under which the 
reinsurance/retakaful and takaful subsidiaries have accepted significant insurance/takaful 
risk from another party by agreeing to compensate the party if a specified uncertain future 
event ("the insured/covered event") adversely affects the party. A contract/certi ficate 
is considered to have significant insurance/takaful risk if, and only if, an insured event 
could cause a reinsurer/takaful operator to pay additional amounts that are significant in 
any single scenario, excluding scenarios that lack commercial substance. 
The Group issues insurance contracts and takaful certificates that contain insurance/takaful 
risk or a combination  of insurance/takaful risk and financial risk.
Financial risk is the risk of a possible future change in one or more of a specified interest 
rate, financial instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index of price or 
rate, credit rating or credit index or other variables, provided in the case of a non-financial 
variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contracts/certificates. 
Insurance/takaful risk is risk other than financial risk.
The Group also cedes insurance/takaful risk in the normal course of its business. Ceded 
reinsurance/retakaful arrangements do not relieve the Group from its obligations to 
policyholders/participants. For both ceded and assumed reinsurance/retakaful businesses, 
contracts/contributions, claims and benefits paid or payable are presented on a gross basis.
40


---- Page 90 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
177176
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.5 Insurance contracts and takaful certificates classification (cont'd.)
2.6
Reinsurance/retakaful arrangements entered into by the Group, that meet the classification 
requirements of insurance contracts/takaful certificates as described above are accounted 
for as noted below. Arrangements that do not meet these classification requirements are 
accounted for as financial assets.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful 
certificates held accounting treatment
Separation of components
At inception of insurance contracts/takaful certificates issued and reinsurance 
contracts/retakaful certificates held, the Group assesses to determine whether they contain 
distinct components which must be accounted for under another MFRS: derivatives 
embedded within insurance contracts/takaful certificates that are required to be separated 
(MFRS 9); cash flows relating to distinct investment components (MFRS 9); and promises to 
transfer distinct goods or distinct non-insurance or non reinsurance services/non-takaful or 
non-retakaful (MFRS 15) rather than MFRS 17. After separating any distinct components, 
an entity must apply MFRS 17 to all remaining components of the (host) insurance 
contracts/takaful certificates issued and reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held. 
Currently, the Group’s products do not include distinct components that require separation.
MFRS 17 defines investment components as the amounts that an insurance contract 
and takaful certificate require the Group to repay to a participant in all circumstances, 
regardless of whether a covered event occurs. Investment components which are highly 
inter-related with the takaful certificate of which they form a part of are considered non-
distinct and are not separately accounted for. However, receipts and payments of the 
investment components are recorded outside of profit or loss.
41
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Level of aggregation
i. A group of contracts that are onerous at initial recognition;
ii.
i. The beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts/certificates.
ii.
iii.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
The level of aggregation for the Group is determined firstly by dividing the business written
into portfolios. Portfolios comprise groups of contracts/certificates with similar risks which
are managed together.
For a group of onerous contracts, as soon as facts and circumstances indicate that the
group is onerous.
The insurance contracts and takaful certificates portfolios are divided into:
A group of contracts that at initial recognition have no significant possibility of becoming
onerous subsequently; and
iii. A group of the remaining contracts in the portfolio.
The Group makes an evaluation of whether a series of contracts/certificates can be treated 
together in making the profitability assessment based on reasonable and supportable 
information, or whether a single contract/certificate contains components that need to be 
separated and treated as if they were stand-alone contracts/certificates.
The portfolio is a group of insurance contracts and takaful certificates issued based on the 
fact that the products are subject to similar risks and managed together. In determining 
groups of contracts, the reinsurance/retakaful and takaful businesses have elected to 
include in the same group contracts where its ability to set prices or levels of benefits for 
participants/cedants with different characteristics is constrained by regulation.
Recognition
The Group recognises groups of insurance contracts/takaful certificates that it issues from 
the earliest of the following:
The date when the first payment from a participant in the group is due, or when the first
payment is received if there is no due date.
42


---- Page 91 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
179178
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Recognition (cont'd.)
i.
ii.
Onerous groups of contracts/certificates
Only insurance contracts/takaful certificates that meet the recognition criteria by the end of
the reporting period are included in the groups. When contracts/certificates meet the
recognition criteria in the groups after the reporting date, they are added to the groups in the
reporting period in which they meet the recognition criteria, subject to the annual cohorts’
restriction. Composition of the groups is not reassessed in subsequent periods.
The profitability of group of contracts/certificates is assessed by actuarial valuation models
that take into consideration existing and new business. The Group assumes that no
contracts/certificates in the portfolio are onerous at initial recognition unless facts and
circumstances indicate otherwise. For contracts/certificates that are not onerous, the Group
assesses, at initial recognition, that there is no significant possibility of becoming onerous
subsequently by assessing the likelihood changes in applicable facts and circumstances.
If the facts and circumstances indicate that a group is expected to be onerous, a loss
component should be recognised in the statement of financial position and the
corresponding loss should be recognised in profit or loss accordingly as disclosed in Note
3(b).
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
The Group recognises a group of reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held from the
earliest:  
The beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held. However, the Group delays the recognition of a group of reinsurance
contracts/retakaful certificates held that provide proportionate coverage until the date
when any underlying insurance contract/takaful certificate is initially recognised, if that
date is later than beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance
contracts/retakaful certificates held; and
The date the Group recognises an onerous group of underlying insurance
contracts/takaful certificates if the Group entered into the related reinsurance
contracts/retakaful certificates held at or before that date.
The Group adds new insurance contracts/takaful certificates to the group in the reporting
period in which the contracts/certificates meets one of the criteria set out above.
43
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Contract boundary
i.
ii. Both of the following criteria are satisfied:
•
•
The Group has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the particular participant
and, as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects those risks; or
The Group has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the portfolio that contain
the contract and, as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects
the risk of that portfolio; and
The pricing of the premiums/contributions for coverage up to the date when the
risks are reassessed does not take into account the risks that relate to periods
after the reassessment date.
A liability or asset relating to expected premiums/contributions or claims outside the
boundary of the insurance contracts/takaful certificates is not recognised. Such amounts
relate to future insurance contracts/takaful certificates.
For insurance contracts/takaful certificates with renewal periods, the Group assesses
whether premiums/contributions and related cash flows that arise from the renewed contract
are within the contract boundary. The pricing of the renewals are established by the Group
by considering all the risks covered for the cedants/participant by the Group. This is
considered when the Group underwrites equivalent contracts on the renewal dates for the
remaining coverage. The Group reassess the contract boundary of each group at the end of
each reporting period.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
The Group includes in the measurement of a group of insurance contracts and takaful
certificate all the future cash flows within the boundary of each contract in the group. Cash
flows are within the boundary of an insurance contract and takaful certificates if they arise
from substantive rights and obligations that exist during the reporting period in which the
Group can compel the participant/cedants to pay the premiums/contributions or in which the
Group has a substantive obligation to provide the participant/cedants with services. A
substantive obligation to provide services ends when:
44


---- Page 92 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
181180
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Measurement - Insurance contracts and takaful certificates
i. Contracts measured under Premium Allocation Approach (PAA)
Initial measurement
•
•
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
The Group applies the premium allocation approach (PAA) to all the takaful certificates
that it issues and retakaful certificates that it holds, as:
The coverage period of each certificate in the group is one year or less, including
coverage arising from all contribution within the contract boundary; or
For certificates longer than one year, the Group has modelled possible future
scenarios and reasonably expects that the measurement of the liability for
remaining coverage ("LFRC") for the group containing those certificates under the
PAA does not differ materially from the measurement that would be produced
applying the general model.
Under the PAA, the liability for remaining coverage is measured as the amount of
contribution received net of acquisition cash flows paid, less the net amount of
contribution and acquisition cash flows that have been recognised in profit or loss over
the expired portion of the coverage period based on the passage of time. The
measurement of the liability for incurred claims is identical under all three measurement
models, apart from the determination of locked-in interest rates used for discounting.
The Group applies PAA models for retakaful certificates held by general takaful
business, depending on the specific certificate boundaries for each retakaful
certificates.
Where facts and circumstances indicate that certificates are onerous at initial
recognition, the Group performs additional analysis to determine if a net outflow is
expected from the certificate. Such onerous contract are separately grouped from other
certificates and the Group recognises a loss in profit or loss for the net outflow,
resulting in the carrying amount of the liability for the group of certificates being equal to
the fulfilment cash flows ("FCF"). A loss component is established by the Group for the
liability for remaining coverage for such onerous group depicting the losses recognised.
45
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Measurement - Insurance contracts and takaful certificates (cont'd.)
i. Contracts measured under Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) (cont'd.)
Subsequent measurement
•
•
•
•
ii.
Initial measurement
•
•
The Group estimates the liability for incurred claims as the fulfilment cash flows related
to incurred claims. The fulfilment cash flows incorporate, in an unbiased way, all
reasonable and supportable information available without undue cost or effort about the
amount, timing and uncertainty of those future cash flows, they reflect current estimates
from the perspective of the Group, and include an explicit adjustment for non-financial
risk (the risk adjustment).
Takaful acquisition cash flows are allocated on a straight-line basis as a portion of
contribution to profit or loss (through takaful revenue).
Contracts not measured under PAA (General Measurement Model ("GMM") and
Variable Fee Approach ("VFA"))
At initial recognition, the Group measures a group of insurance contracts/takaful
certificates as the total of:
fulfilment cash flows, which comprise of estimates of future cash flows, adjusted to
reflect the time value of money and financial risks, and a risk adjustment for non-
financial risk; and 
a contractual service margin (“CSM”), which represents the unearned profit the
Group will recognise as it provides service under the insurance contracts. 
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
The Group measures the carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage at the
end of each reporting period as the liability for remaining coverage at the beginning of
the period:
Plus contributions received in the period;
Minus takaful acquisition cash flows;
Plus any amounts relating to the amortisation of the takaful acquisition cash flows
recognised as an expense in the reporting period for the group and any adjustment
to the financing component, where applicable; and
Minus the amount recognised as takaful revenue for the services provided in the
period.
46


---- Page 93 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
183182
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Measurement - Insurance contracts and takaful certificates (cont'd.)
ii.
Initial measurement (cont'd.)
Subsequent measurement
• effect of new contracts added to the group; 
• interest accreted on the carrying amount of CSM, measured at locked-in rate;
• effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM; 
•
• recognition of insurance/takaful revenue for services provided in the year. 
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
Contracts not measured under PAA (General Measurement Model ("GMM") and
Variable Fee Approach ("VFA")) (cont'd.)
In determining the fulfilment cash flows, the Group uses estimates and assumptions
considering a range of scenarios which have commercial substance and give a good
representation of possible outcomes. The Group’s CSM is a component of the
insurance/takaful asset or liability for the group of insurance contracts/takaful
certificates and results in no income at initial recognition. The unit of account for CSM is
on a group of contracts/certificates basis consistent with the level of aggregation
specified above. If the fulfilment cash flows allocated to the group of insurance
contracts/takaful certificates, any previously recognised insurance/takaful acquisition
cash flows and any cash flows arising from the contracts/takaful at the date of initial
recognition in total are a net outflow then the group of contracts/certificates is
considered to be onerous. A loss from onerous insurance contracts/takaful certificates
is recognised in profit and loss immediately. The Group establishes the groups at initial
recognition and may add contracts/certificates to the groups after the end of a reporting
period, however, the Group does not reassess the composition of the groups
subsequently.
In the subsequent periods, the carrying amount of a group of insurance
contracts/takaful certificates at each reporting date is the sum of the liability for
remaining coverage (“LFRC”) and the liability for incurred claims (“LFIC”). The LFRC
comprises the fulfilment cash flows that relate to services to be provided in the future
and any remaining CSM at that date. The LFIC comprises the fulfilment cash flows for
incurred claims and expenses that have not yet been paid. The fulfilment cash flows at
the reporting dates are measured using the current estimates of expected cash flows
and current discount rates.
The carrying amount of CSM at end of the reporting period is adjusted to reflect the
following changes to the GMM for contracts without direct participation features: 
changes in fulfilment cash flows that relate to future services (non-financial),
except for loss component; and 
47
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Measurement - Insurance contracts and takaful certificates (cont'd.)
ii.
Subsequent measurement (cont'd.)
• 
• 
• 
• 
Changes in estimates of the present value of future cash flows in the liability for
remaining coverage, except those relating to the time value of money and changes
in financial risk (recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income rather than adjusting the CSM).
Differences between any investment component expected to become payable in
the period and the actual investment component that becomes payable in the
period.
Changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk that relate to future service. A
loss is created when there is an increase in fulfilment cash flows that exceeds the
carrying amount of the CSM. Once a change in fulfilment cash flows reduces CSM
to zero, the excess establishes a loss which is recognised in expense
immediately. Any subsequent decrease in the fulfilment cash flows will reverse the
losses previously recognised in expense. Any remaining loss will be released
based on a systematic allocation of subsequent changes relating to future service
in the fulfilment cash flows.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
Contracts not measured under PAA (General Measurement Model ("GMM") and
Variable Fee Approach ("VFA")) (cont'd.)
The CSM is recognised into insurance/takaful revenue over the duration of the group of
insurance contracts/takaful certificates based on the respective coverage units. The
locked-in discount rate is the weighted average of the rates applicable at the date of
initial recognition of contracts/certificates that joined a group over a 12-month period.
The discount rate used for accretion of interest on the CSM is determined using the
bottom-up approach.
The changes in fulfilment cash flows relating to future service that adjust the CSM
comprise of:  
Experience adjustments that arise from the difference between the
premium/contribution receipts (and any related cash flows such as takaful
acquisition cash flows and takaful contribution taxes) and the estimate, at the
beginning of the period, of the amounts expected. Differences related to
premium/contributions received (or due) related to current or past services are
recognised immediately in profit or loss while differences related to
premium/contributions received (or due) for future services are adjusted against
the CSM.
48


---- Page 94 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
185184
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
i. Contracts measured under PAA
ii.
Initial measurement
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Any change in the fulfilment cash flows of a reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates
held due to the changes of the liability for incurred claims of the underlying
contracts/certificates is taken to profit and loss and not the contractual service margin
of the reinsurance contracts and retakaful certificates held.
The Group determines the risk adjustment for non-financial risk so that it
represents the amount of risk being transferred to the reinsurers/retakaful
operators.
The Group recognises both day 1 gains and day 1 losses at initial recognition in
the Statement of Financial Position as a CSM and releases this to profit or loss as
the reinsurer/retakaful operator renders services, except for any portion of a day 1
loss that relates to events before initial recognition.
Changes in the fulfilment cash flows are recognised in profit or loss if the related
changes arising from the underlying ceded contracts/certifictaes have been
recognised in profit or loss. Alternatively, changes in the fulfilment cash flows
adjust the CSM.
Changes in the fulfilment cash flows that result from changes in the risk of non-
performance by the issuer of a reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held do
not adjust the contractual service margin as they do not relate to future service.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
Measurement - Reinsurance contracts and retakaful certificates held
The Group applies the same accounting policies for initial measurement and
subsequent measurement as those for takaful certificate issued to measure a group of
retakaful certificates, adapted where necessary to reflect features that differ from those
of takaful certificates.
Contracts not measured under PAA (General Measurement Model ("GMM")
The measurement of reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates follows the same
principles as the GMM, with the following exceptions or modifications specified in this
section below. Reinsurance contracts/ retakaful certificates held and assumed cannot
use the VFA.
Measurement of the cash flows include an allowance on a probability-weighted
basis for the effect of any non-performance by the reinsurers/retakaful operators,
including the effects of collateral and losses from disputes.
49
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
ii.
Initial measurement (cont'd.)
Subsequent Measurement
Where a loss-recovery has been setup at initial recognition or subsequently, the
Group adjusts the loss-recovery component to reflect changes in the loss component of
an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts/takaful certificates. 
The carrying amount of the loss-recovery component must not exceed the portion of
the carrying amount of the loss component of the onerous group of underlying
insurance contracts/takaful certificates that the Group expects to recover from the
group of reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates. On this basis, the loss-recovery
component recognised at initial recognition is reduced to zero in line with reductions in
the onerous group of underlying insurance contracts/takaful certificates and is zero
when loss component of the onerous group of underlying insurance contracts/takaful
certificates is zero.
The carrying amount of a group of reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates at each
reporting date is the sum of the remaining coverage component and the incurred claims
component. The remaining coverage component comprises (a) the fulfilment cash flow
("FCF") that relate to services that will be received under the contracts in future periods
and (b) any remaining CSM at that date.
For reinsurance contracts/retakaful contracts, when the Group recognises a loss on
initial recognition of an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts/takaful
certificates or when further onerous underlying insurance contracts/takaful certificates
are added to a group, the Group establishes a loss-component of the asset for
remaining coverage for a group of reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held
representing the recovery of losses.
Where a loss component has been set up subsequent to initial recognition of a group of
underlying insurance contracts/takaful certificates, the portion of income that has been
recognised from related reinsurance contracts/retakaful certicates held is disclosed as
a loss-recovery component.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
Measurement - Reinsurance contracts and retakaful certificates held (cont'd.)
Contracts not measured under PAA (General Measurement Model ("GMM")
(cont'd.)
Where a loss component has been set up subsequent to initial recognition of a group of
underlying insurance contracts and takaful certificates, the portion of income that has
been recognised from related reinsurance contracts and retakaful certificates held is
disclosed as a loss-recovery component.
50


---- Page 95 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
187186
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Liability for remaining coverage - Insurance/takaful receivables and payables
Modification and derecognition
The Group derecognises insurance contracts/takaful certificates when: 
i.
ii.
The liability for remaining coverage disclosed under insurance contracts/takaful certificates
liabilities includes insurance/takaful receivables and payables.
The impairment on insurance/takaful receivables are measured at initial recognition and
throughout its life at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. The ECL is calculated using a
provision matrix based on historical data where the insurance/takaful and
reinsurance/retakaful receivables are grouped based on different sales channel and
different reinsurance/retakaful contribution type's arrangement respectively. The impairment
is calculated on the total outstanding balance including all aging buckets from current to 12
months and above. Roll rates are to be applied on the outstanding balance of the aging
bucket which forms the base of the roll rate. Forward-looking information has been included
in the calculation of ECL.
The rights and obligations relating to the contracts/certificates are extinguished (i.e.,
discharged, cancelled or expired); or
The contract/certificate is modified such that the modification results in a change in the
measurement model, or the applicable standard for measuring a component of the
contract/certificate. In such cases, the Group derecognises the initial contract/certificate
and recognises the modified contract/certificate as a new contract/certicate.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
When a modification is not treated as a derecognition, the Group recognises amount paid or 
received for the modification with the contracts/certificates as an adjustment to the relevant 
liability for remaining coverage.
Qard
For takaful and retakaful businesses, any deficit in the participants' risk fund within the 
takaful/retakaful fund is made good via a Qard, which is a profit free financing, granted by 
the shareholder’s fund to the participants' risk fund. In the participants' risk fund, the 
Qard is included in fulfilment cash flows used to measure the takaful liabilities under MFRS 
17.
Qard is measured in the fulfilment cash flows at a value discounted for time value of money, 
which reflects the economic effect of the expected future cash flow, consistent with all the 
other cash flows measured in fulfilment cash flows. This accounting measurement does not 
affect the retakaful Fund’s obligation to repay the nominal amount of Qard, nor does it affect 
or change any rights or obligations of the shareholder's fund.
The Qard shall be repaid from future surpluses of the participants' risk fund.
51
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows
The Group uses a systematic and rational method to allocate:
i.
•  to that group; and
• 
i.
ii.
Where insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows have been paid or incurred before the
related group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates is recognised in the statement of
financial position, a separate asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is recognised for
each related group.
The asset for insurance/takaful acquisition cash flow is derecognised from the statement of
financial position when the insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows are included in the initial
measurement of the CSM of the related group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates.
The Group expects to derecognise all assets for insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows
within insurance/takaful coverage period.
At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises amounts of insurance/takaful
acquisition cash flows allocated to groups of insurance contracts/takaful certificates not yet
recognised, to reflect changes in assumptions related to the method of allocation used.
After any re-allocation, the Group assesses the recoverability of the asset for
insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows, if facts and circumstances indicate the asset may
be impaired. When assessing the recoverability, the Group applies:
An impairment test at the level of an existing or future group of insurance
contracts/takaful certificates; and
An additional impairment test specifically covering the insurance/takaful acquisition
cash flows allocated to expected future contract/certificate renewals.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows arise from the costs of selling, underwriting and
starting a group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates (issued or expected to be issued)
that are directly attributable to the portfolio of insurance contracts/takaful certificates to
which the group belongs.
Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows that are directly attributable to a group of
insurance contracts/takaful certificates:
to groups that include insurance contracts/takaful certificates that are expected to
arise from the renewals of the insurance contracts/takaful certificates in that group.
52


---- Page 96 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
189188
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows (cont'd.)
Presentation and disclosure
i. Insurance/takaful revenue
Contracts measured under PAA
The takaful revenue for the period is the amount of expected contribution receipts
(excluding any investment component) allocated to the period. The Group allocates the
expected contribution receipts to each period of takaful certificates services on the
basis of the passage of time. But if the expected pattern of release of risk during the
coverage period differs significantly from the passage of time, then the allocation is
made on the basis of the expected timing of incurred takaful service expenses.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
If an impairment loss is recognised, the carrying amount of the asset is adjusted and an
impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss. The Group recognises in profit or loss a
reversal of some or all of an impairment loss previously recognised and increases the
carrying amount of the asset, to the extent that the impairment conditions no longer exist or
have improved.
The Group has presented separately in the statement of financial position the carrying
amount of groups of insurance contracts/takaful certificates issued that are assets, groups
of insurance contracts/takaful certificates issued that are groups of liabilities, reinsurance
contracts/retakaful certificates held that are assets and groups of reinsurance
contracts/retakaful certificates held that are liabilities.
Any assets or liabilities for insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows recognised before the
corresponding insurance contracts/takaful certificates are included in the carrying amount of
the related groups of insurance contracts/takaful certificates issued.
The Group does not disaggregate the change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk
between a financial and non-financial portion and includes the entire change as part of the
insurance/takaful service result.
The Group separately presents income or expenses from reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held from the expenses or income from insurance contracts/takaful certificates
issued.
53
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Presentation and disclosure (cont'd.)
i. Insurance/takaful revenue (cont'd.)
Contracts measured under PAA (cont'd.)
Contracts not measured under PAA
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
For management judgement applied to the amortisation of CSM, please refer to Note
2.1(a)(iv).
Insurance/takaful service expenses, excluding any amounts relating to the risk
adjustment for non-financial risk, excluding any amounts allocated to the loss
component of the liability for remaining coverage.
Amounts related to tax that are specifically chargeable to the cedants/participants.
The risk adjustment for non-financial risk, excluding any amounts allocated to the
loss component of the liability for remaining coverage.
The CSM release.
The experience adjustments for premium/contribution received other than those
that relate to future service.
Amount related to insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
The Group changes the basis of allocation between the two methods above as
necessary, if facts and circumstances change. The change is accounted for
prospectively as a change in accounting estimate.
For the periods presented, all revenue has been recognised on the basis of the
passage of time.
The Group’s insurance/takaful revenue depicts the provision of coverage and other
services arising from a group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates at an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
those services. Insurance/takaful revenue from a group of insurance contracts/takaful
certificates is therefore the relevant portion for the period of the total consideration for
the contracts/certificates, (i.e., the amount of premiums/contribution paid to the Group
adjusted for financing effect (the time value of money) and excluding any distinct
investment components).
The total consideration for a group of contracts/certificates covers amounts related to
the provision of services and is comprised of:
54


---- Page 97 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
191190
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Presentation and disclosure (cont'd.)
ii. Loss component
• 
• 
iii. Loss-recovery components 
The loss component is also updated for subsequent changes in estimates of the
fulfilment cash flows related to future service. The systematic allocation of subsequent
changes to the loss component results in the total amounts allocated to the loss
component being equal to zero by the end of the coverage period of a group of
contracts/certificates (since the loss component will have been materialised in the form
of incurred claims). The Group uses the proportion on initial recognition to determine
the systematic allocation of subsequent changes in future cash flows between the loss
component and the liability for remaining coverage excluding the loss component.
When the Group recognises a loss on initial recognition of an onerous group of
underlying insurance contracts/takaful certificates or when further onerous underlying
insurance contracts/takaful certificates are added to a group, the Group establishes a
loss-recovery component of the asset for remaining coverage for a group of
reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held depicting the recovery of losses.
Where a loss component has been set up subsequent to initial recognition of a group of
underlying insurance contracts/takaful certificates, the portion of income that has been
recognised from related reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held is disclosed as
a loss-recovery component.
Where a loss-recovery component has been set up at initial recognition or
subsequently, the Group adjusts the loss-recovery component to reflect changes in the
loss component of an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts/takaful
certificates.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
The Group has grouped contracts/certificates that are onerous at initial recognition
separately from contracts/certificates in the same portfolio that are not onerous at initial
recognition. Groups that were not onerous at initial recognition can also subsequently
become onerous if assumptions and experience changes. The Group has established a
loss component of the liability for remaining coverage for any onerous group depicting
the future losses recognised.
A loss component represents a notional record of the losses attributable to each group
of onerous insurance contracts/takaful certificates (or contracts/certificates profitable at
inception that have become onerous). The loss component is released based on a
systematic allocation of the subsequent changes in the fulfilment cash flows to:
the loss component; and
the liability for remaining coverage excluding the loss component.
55
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Presentation and disclosure (cont'd.)
iii. Loss-recovery components  (cont'd.)
iv. Net income or expense from reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held
v. Insurance/takaful finance income and expenses
• 
• 
Finance income and expenses for all issued insurance contracts/takaful certificates
except for family takaful certificates is not dissaggregated because the related financial
assets are managed on a fair value basis and measured at fair value through profit or
loss.
The Group presents the net amounts of income or expense expected to be
recovered/paid from/to reinsurers/retakaful operators on profit or loss.
The Group treats reinsurance/retakaful cash flows that are contingent on claims on the
underlying contracts/certificates as part of the claims that are expected to be
reimbursed under the reinsurance contract/retakaful certificate held, and excludes
investment components and commissions from an allocation of reinsurance/retakaful
premiums/contributions presented on the face of the statement of profit or loss and
other comprehensive income. Amounts relating to the recovery of losses relating to
reinsurance/retakaful of onerous direct contracts/certificates are included as amounts
recoverable from the reinsurer/retakaful operator.
Insurance/takaful finance income or expenses comprise the change in the carrying
amount of the group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates arising from:
The effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of money.
The effect of financial risk and changes in financial risk.
The Group defines the reinsurance/retakaful/takaful fund as an underlying item. Hence,
changes in measurement of a group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates caused
by changes in the value of the fund is reflected in insurance/takaful finance/profit
income or expenses.
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
The carrying amount of the loss-recovery component must not exceed the portion of
the carrying amount of the loss component of the onerous group of underlying
insurance contracts/takaful certificates that the Group expects to recover from the
group of reinsurance contracts/retakaful certificates held. On this basis, the loss-
recovery component recognised at initial recognition is reduced to zero in line with
reductions in the onerous group of underlying insurance contracts/takaful certificates.
56


---- Page 98 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
193192
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.6
Presentation and disclosure (cont'd.)
v. Insurance/takaful finance income and expenses (cont'd.)
2.7 Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
(a) Recognition and measurement
Any revaluation surplus is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
in equity under the asset revaluation reserve, except to the extent that it reverses a
revaluation decrease of the same asset previously recognised in the income
statements, in which case the increase is recognised in the income statements. A
revaluation deficit is recognised in the income statements, except to the extent that it
offsets an existing surplus on the same asset carried in the asset revaluation reserve. 
Insurance contracts/takaful certificates and reinsurance contracts/retakaful
certificates held accounting treatment (cont'd.)
The Group systematically allocates expected total insurance/takaful finance/profit
income or expenses over the duration of the group of contracts/certificates to profit or
loss using discount rates determined on initial recognition of the group of
contracts/certificates, see Note 2.1(a)(ii) for current discount rates.
In the event of transfer of a group of insurance contracts/takaful certificates or
derecognition of an insurance contracts/takaful certificates, the Group reclassifies the
insurance/takaful income finance or expense to profit or loss as a reclassification
adjustment to any remaining amounts for the group (or contracts/certificates) that were
previously recognised in other comprehensive income.
All items of property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. The cost of an
item of property, plant and equipment are recognised as an asset, if, and only if, it is
probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group
and the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. Subsequent to
recognition, property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation and any impairment losses, whilst properties are stated at revalued
amounts less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent impairment
losses. Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the
asset.
In respect of freehold land and buildings, valuations are performed with sufficient
frequency to ensure that the carrying amount does not differ materially from the fair
value of the freehold land and buildings at the financial year end. 
57
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.7 Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (cont'd.)
(a) Recognition and measurement (cont'd.)
(b) Subsequent costs
(c) Depreciation
Buildings 2% to 4%
Computer equipment 10% to 33.3%
Office equipment 10% to 33.3%
Furniture and fittings 10% (2022: 10% to 15%)
Motor vehicles 20%
Depreciation of other property, plant and equipment is provided for on a straight-line
basis to write-off the cost of each asset to its residual value over its estimated useful
life, at the following annual rates:  
Any accumulated depreciation as at the revaluation date is eliminated against the gross
carrying amount of the asset and the net amount is restated to the revalued amount of
the asset. On disposal of property, plant and equipment, the difference between net
proceeds and the carrying amount is recognised in the income statements and the
unutilised portion of the revaluation surplus on that item is taken directly to retained
profits.
Only assets costing above RM300 will be capitalised. Assets costing RM300 and below
are charged to the income statements in the year of purchase.
Assets costing more than RM300 up to a maximum of RM1,000 are written down to
RM1 in the year of purchase. The write down is charged to the income statements as
depreciation.
The cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in
the carrying amount of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits
embodied within the part will flow to the Group and the Company and their cost can be
measured reliably. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property, plant and
equipment are recognised in the income statements as incurred.
Freehold land has an unlimited useful life and therefore is not depreciated. Work in
progress is also not depreciated as it is not available for use. When work in progress is
completed and the asset is available for use, it is reclassified to the relevant category of
property, plant and equipment and depreciation of the asset begins. During the period
in which the asset is not yet available for use, it is tested for impairment annually.
58


---- Page 99 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
195194
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.7 Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (cont'd.)
(c) Depreciation (cont'd.)
(d) Derecognition
2.8 Intangible assets
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible
assets with finite lives are amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic
useful lives. The preferred partnership fees are amortised based on actual contribution
received over total committed contribution or a straight-line basis over the estimated
economic useful lives depending on the pattern in which the future economic benefit are
expected to be consumed by the Group. Intangible assets are assessed for impairment
whenever there is an indication that the intangible assets may be impaired. The amortisation
period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are
reviewed annually at the end of each financial year. Amortisation is charged to the income
statements. 
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised but tested for impairment
annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value may be impaired either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. The useful life
of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is also reviewed annually to determine whether
the useful life assessment continues to be supportable.
The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of
each financial year to ensure that the amount, method and period of depreciation are
consistent with previous estimates and the expected pattern of consumption of the
future economic benefits embodied in the items of property, plant and equipment.
An item of property and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. On disposal of equipment,
the difference between net proceeds and the carrying amount is recognised in the
income statements and the unutilised portion of the revaluation surplus on that item is
taken directly to retained profits.
All intangible assets are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to recognition, intangible
assets are stated at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses.
Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. 
On disposal of intangible assets, the difference between net proceeds and the carrying
amount is recognised in the income statements.
59
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.8 Intangible assets (cont'd.)
(a) Software development in progress
(b) Computer software and licences 
(c)
2.9 Financial assets
The preferred partnership fee represents an upfront fee paid by the Group to the
financial institutions under a 5-year preferred bancatakaful arrangement.
Following the initial recognition of the cost of preferred partnership fee, the fee is
amortised based on the straight-line method, until the expiry of the contract which is
within five (5) years. Upon the expiry of the contract, if the total projected production is
not met, the contract may be extended for an additional period of time as mutually
agreed between the Group and the financial instituitions.
Financial assets are recognised in the statements of financial position when, and only when,
the Group and the Company become a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. 
Financial assets are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets (other than financial assets at fair
value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial
assets, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately
in the income statements.
Software development in progress represent development expenditure on software.
Following the initial recognition of the development expenditure, the cost model is
applied requiring the asset to be carried at cost less any accumulated impairment
losses. When development is complete and the asset is available for use, it is
reclassified to computer software and amortisation of the asset begins. It is amortised
over the period of expected future use. During the period in which the asset is not yet
available for use, it is tested for impairment annually.
The useful lives of computer software and licences are considered to be finite because
computer software and licences are susceptible to technological obsolescence.
The acquired computer software and licences are amortised at 10% to 33% using the
straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Impairment is assessed whenever
there is an indication of impairment and the amortisation period and method are also
reviewed annually at the end of each financial year.
Preferred partnership fee in relation to bancatakaful arrangement
60


---- Page 100 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
197196
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.9 Financial assets (cont'd.)
(a) Classification and subsequent measurement
•
•
•
•
•
•
Financial assets at AC (for debt instruments);
Financial assets at FVOCI with recycling of cumulative gains and losses (for debt
instruments);
Financial assets designated at FVOCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and
losses upon derecognition (for equity instruments); or
Financial assets at FVTPL.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at AC or FVOCI, it needs to
give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”)’ on
the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and
is performed at an instrument level.
The Group and the Company’s business model for managing financial assets refers to
how they manage their financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business
model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows,
selling the financial assets, or both.
Despite the foregoing, the Group and the Company may make the following irrevocable
election/designation at initial recognition of a financial asset: 
the Group and the Company may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes
in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if certain
criteria are met; and
the Group and the Company may irrevocably designate a debt investment that
meets the amortised cost or FVOCI criteria as measured at FVTPL if doing so
eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch. 
For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in four
categories:
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the Group and the
Company's business model for managing the financial assets and the financial asset's
contractual cash flow characteristic, as described in Notes 2.9(b) and 2.9(c). All
recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either
amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets. 
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as financial assets measured at
amortised cost (“AC”), fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) and
fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”).
61
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.9 Financial assets (cont'd.)
(a) Classification and subsequent measurement (cont'd.)
(i) Financial assets at AC
•
• the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
amount outstanding.
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective
interest/profit method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are
recognised in income statements when the asset is derecognised, modified or
impaired.
The effective interest/profit method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of
a debt instrument and of allocating interest/profit income over the relevant period.
For financial assets other than purchased or originated credit impaired financial
assets (i.e. assets that are credit impaired on initial recognition), the effective
interest/profit rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts
(including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the
effective interest/profit rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
excluding expected credit losses, through the expected life of the debt instrument,
or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross carrying amount of the debt
instrument on initial recognition. For purchased or originated credit impaired
financial assets, a credit adjusted effective interest/profit rate is calculated by
discounting the estimated future cash flows, including expected credit losses, to
the amortised cost of the debt instrument on initial recognition. 
The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is
measured at initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative
amortisation using the effective interest/profit method of any difference between
that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance. The
gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset
before adjusting for any loss allowance.
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured at amortised
cost: 
the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold
financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
62


---- Page 101 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
199198
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.9 Financial assets (cont'd.)
(a) Classification and subsequent measurement (cont'd.)
(i) Financial assets at AC (cont'd.)
(ii) Financial assets at FVOCI with recycling of cumulative gains and losses
•
•
Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are measured at FVOCI:
the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is
achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial
assets; and
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest/profit on the
principal amount outstanding. 
For debt instruments at FVOCI, interest/profit income, foreign exchange
revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the income
statements and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at
AC. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in Other Comprehensive
Income ("OCI"). Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised
in OCI is recycled to the income statements.
Interest/profit income is recognised using the effective interest/profit method for
debt instruments measured subsequently at AC and at FVOCI. For financial assets
other than purchased or originated credit impaired financial assets, interest/profit
income is calculated by applying the effective interest/profit rate to the gross
carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have
subsequently become credit impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently
become credit impaired, interest/profit income is recognised by applying the
effective interest/profit rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If, in
subsequent financial years, the credit risk on the credit impaired financial
instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit impaired,
interest/profit income is recognised by applying the effective interest/profit rate to
the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.
For purchased or originated credit impaired financial assets, the Group and the
Company recognise interest/profit income by applying the credit adjusted effective
interest/profit rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from initial
recognition. The calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit
risk of the financial asset subsequently improves so that the financial asset is no
longer credit impaired.
63
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.9 Financial assets (cont'd.)
(a) Classification and subsequent measurement (cont'd.)
(iii)
•
•
•
(iv) Financial assets at FVTPL
•
Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost
or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. Specifically:
Investments in equity instruments are classified as financial assets at FVTPL,
unless the Group and the Company designate an equity investment that is
neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a business
combination as at FVOCI on initial recognition.
A financial asset is held for trading if:
it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; 
on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments
that the Group and the Company manage together and for which there is
evidence of a recent actual pattern of short‑term profit‑taking; or
it is a derivative (except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract
or a designated and effective hedging instrument).
Investments in equity instruments at FVOCI are initially measured at fair value plus
transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and
losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the 
fair value reserve. Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled
to the income statements. Dividends are recognised as investment income in the
income statements when the right to receive payment has been established,
except when the Group and the Company benefit from such proceeds as a
recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are
recorded in OCI. Equity instruments designated at FVOCI are not subject to
impairment assessment.
Financial assets designated at FVOCI with no recycling of cumulative gains
and losses upon derecognition
Upon initial recognition, the Group and the Company can make an irrevocable
election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair
value of an investment in equity instrument within the scope of MFRS 9 that is
neither held for trading nor is contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in 
a business combination. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-
instrument basis.
64


---- Page 102 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
201200
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.9 Financial assets (cont'd.)
(a) Classification and subsequent measurement (cont'd.)
(iv) Financial assets at FVTPL (cont'd.)
•
(b) Business model assessment
•
•
The Group holds financial assets to generate returns and provide a capital base to
provide for settlement of claims as they arise. The Group considers the timing, amount
and volatility of cash flow requirements to support insurance/takaful liability portfolios in
determining the business model for the assets as well as the potential to maximise
return for shareholders and participants as well as for future business development.
The Group and the Company's business models are not assessed on an instrument-by-
instrument basis, but at a higher level of aggregated portfolios that is based on
observable factors such as:
How the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within
that business model are evaluated and reported to the Group's and the Company's
key management personnel;
How participants are compensated - e.g. whether compensation is based on the
fair value of the assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected;
Debt instruments that fail the SPPI test are classified as financial assets at
FVTPL. In addition, debt instruments that meet either the amortised cost
criteria or the FVOCI criteria may be designated as financial assest at FVTPL
upon initial recognition if such designation eliminates or significantly reduces
an accounting mismatch that would arise from measuring assets or liabilities
or recognising the gains and losses on them on different bases. The Group
has designated debt instruments under the family takaful/retakaful fund as
financial assets at FVTPL.
Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each financial
year, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in the income statements to
the extent they are not part of a designated hedging relationship. The net gain or
loss recognised in the income statements includes any dividend, interest/profit
earned or foreign currency translation differences on the financial asset.
Derivatives are presented as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities
when the fair value is negative. Changes in the fair value of any derivatives that do
not qualify for hedge accounting are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
The Group and the Company determine their business model at the level that best
reflects how they manage groups of financial assets to achieve their business
objectives.
65
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.9 Financial assets (cont'd.)
(b) Business model assessment (cont'd.)
•
•
•
•
•
(c) The Solely Payments of Principal and Interest ("SPPI") Test
A change in the business model will occur only when the Group and the Company
begin or cease to perform an activity that is significant to their operation. Changes in
the objective(s) of the business model must be effected before the reclassification date.
The Group and the Company assess the contractual terms of financial assets to identify 
whether they meet the SPPI test.
‘Principal’ for the purpose of this test is defined as the fair value of the financial asset at
initial recognition and may change over the life of the financial asset (for example, if
there are repayments of principal or amortisation/accretion of the premium/discount).
The business model assessment is based on reasonably expected scenarios without
taking 'worst case' or 'stress case’ scenarios into account. If cash flows after initial
recognition are realised in a way that is different from the Group's and the Company's
original expectations, the Group and the Company do not change the classification of
the remaining financial assets held in that business model, but incorporate such
information when assessing newly originated or newly purchased financial assets going
forward.
The Group and the Company assess their business models at each financial year in
order to determine whether the models have changed since the preceding period.
Changes in business model are not expected to be frequent but should such an event
take place, it must be:
Determined by the Group's and the Company's key management as a result of
external or internal changes;
Significant to the Group's and the Company's operations; and
Demonstrable to external parties.
The stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those
policies in practice. These include whether management's strategy focuses on
earning contractual interest/profit income, maintaining a particular interest/profit
rate profile, matching the duration of the financial assets to the duration of any
related liabilities or expected cash outflows or realising cash flows through the sale
of the assets; and
The risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial
assets held within that business model) and, in particular, the way those risks are
managed.
66


---- Page 103 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
203202
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.9 Financial assets (cont'd.)
(c) The Solely Payments of Principal and Interest ("SPPI") Test (cont'd.)
(d) Reclassifications
(e) Offsetting of financial instruments
(f) Derecognition of financial assets
A financial asset is derecognised when:
•
•
(a)
(b)
the contractual right to receive cash flows from the asset has expired; or
the Group and the Company have transferred their rights to receive cash flows
from the asset or have assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full
without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and
either:
the Group and the Company have transferred substantially all the risks and
rewards of the asset; or
the Group and the Company have neither transferred nor retained
substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but have transferred
control of the asset.
The Group and the Company consider control to be transferred if and only if, the
transferee has the practical ability to sell the asset in its entirety to an unrelated third
party and is able to exercise that ability unilaterally and without imposing additional
restrictions on the transfer.
The most significant elements of interest within a debt arrangement are typically the
consideration for the time value of money and credit risk. In assessing the SPPI test,
the Group and the Company apply judgement and consider relevant factors such as the
currency in which the financial asset is denominated, and the period for which the
interest/profit rate is set.
The Group and the Company do not reclassify their financial assets subsequent to their
initial recognition, apart from the exceptional circumstances in which the Group and the
Company acquire, dispose of, or terminate a business line.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the
statements of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the
recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to realise the
asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
67
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.9 Financial assets (cont'd.)
(f) Derecognition of financial assets (cont'd.)
• Change in currency of the debt instrument;
• Introduction of an equity feature;
• Change in counterparty; and
•
2.10 Fair value measurement
(a) In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
(b)
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group and the
Company.
When assessing whether or not to derecognise an instrument, amongst others, the
Group and the Company consider the following factors:
If the modification is such that the instrument would no longer meet the SPPI
criterion.
If the modification does not result in cash flows that are substantially different, the
modification does not result in derecognition. Based on the change in cash flows
discounted at the original effective interest/profit rate, the Group and the Company
record a modification gain or loss.
The Group and the Company measure financial instruments such as financial assets at
FVTPL, financial assets at FVOCI and non-financial assets such as self-occupied properties
at fair value at each financial year end. Also, fair values of financial instruments measured at
amortised cost are disclosed in Notes 18 and 34.
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value
measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer
the liability takes place either:
In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or
liability.
When the Group and the Company have neither transferred nor retained substantially
all the risks and rewards and have retained control of the asset, the asset continues to
be recognised only to the extent of the Group's and the Company’s continuing
involvement, in which case, the Group and the Company also recognise an associated
liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that
reflects the rights and obligations that the Group and the Company have retained.
68


---- Page 104 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
205204
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.10 Fair value measurement (cont'd.)
Level 1 -
Level 2 -
Level 3 - Inputs that are not based on observable market data
An annual valuation is performed to reflect the fair value of the Group's self-occupied
properties. At the end of each financial year, accredited independent valuers having
appropriate recognised professional qualification are appointed to perform the annual
valuation. The valuation techniques used by the accredited independent valuers are verified
to ensure that they are in accordance with the requirements of MFRS 13Fair Value
Measurement .
Over-the-counter derivatives comprise of foreign exchange forward contracts. Over-the-
counter derivatives are revalued at each reporting date, based on valuations provided by the
respective counterparties in accordance with market conventions.
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis,
the Group and the Company determine whether transfers have occurred between levels in
the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each financial year. The
fair value hierarchy of assets that are measured at fair value and/or for which fair value are
disclosed is presented in Note 34.
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market
participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants
act in their economic best interest. A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes
into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset
in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the
asset in its highest and best use.
The Group and the Company use valuation techniques that are appropriate in the
circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising
the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial
statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on
the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Inputs that are based on observable market data, either directly or indirectly
69
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.11 Impairment of assets
(a) Financial assets
i. Financial assets measured at FVTPL;
ii. Equity instruments; and
iii.
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
Performing Non Performing Non Performing
12-months ECL Lifetime ECL Lifetime ECL
No significant 
increase in 
credit risk
Credit risk 
increased 
significantly
Credit-impaired 
assets
Recognition of interest/profit 
income
Gross carrying
amount
Gross carrying 
amount
Net carrying 
amount
Malaysian government securities ("MGS/GII") which are considered low credit risk
assets as the Malaysian federal government has strong capacity in repaying the
instruments upon maturity. In addition, there is no past historical loss experiences
arising from these government securities.
The ECL model also applies to irrevocable loan commitments and financial guarantee
contracts, which will include loans, advances, financing, insurance/takaful receivables
and contract assets under MFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk
since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default
events that are possible within the next 12 months (12-month ECL). For those credit
exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining
life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).
The Group and the Company will generally be required to apply the 'three-bucket'
approach based on the change in credit quality since initial recognition:
ECL Approach
Criterion
The Group and the Company recognise an allowance for expected credit losses
("ECL") for all financial assets measured at amortised cost or FVOCI, except for
investments in equity instruments. ECLs are based on the difference between the
contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that
the Group and the Company expect to receive, discounted at the appropriate effective
interest/profit rate.
The ECL model applies to all financial assets held by the Group and the Company
except for:
70


---- Page 105 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
207206
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.11 Impairment of assets (cont'd.)
(a) Financial assets (cont'd.)
Forward-looking information and ECL measurement
i. Probability of default ("PD")
ii. Exposure at default ("EAD")
iii. Loss given default ("LGD")
i. Debt instruments/sukuks at AC and FVOCI
In accordance to the 'three-bucket' approach, all newly purchased financial assets
shall be classified in Stage 1, except for credit impaired financial assets. It will
move from Stage 1 to Stage 2 when there is significant increase in credit risk
("SICR"), and Stage 2 to Stage 3 when there is an objective evidence of
impairment. Financial assets which have experienced a SICR since initial
recognition are classified as Stage 2, and are assigned a lifetime ECL.
The mechanics of the ECL calculations are outlined below and the key elements are, as 
follows:
The Probability of Default is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given
time horizon. It is estimated with consideration of economic scenarios and forward-
looking information.
The Exposure at Default is an estimate of the exposure at a future default date,
taking into account expected changes in the exposure after the financial year end,
including repayments of principal and interest/profit, whether scheduled by contract
or otherwise, and accrued interest from missed payments.
The Loss Given Default is an estimate of the loss arising in the case where a
default occurs at a given time. It is based on the difference between the
contractual cash flows due and those that the Group and the Company would
expect to receive. It is usually expressed as a percentage of the EAD.
In its ECL models, the Group and the Company rely on a broad range of forward-
looking information as economic inputs, such as government debt, consumer sentiment
index, residential property index, consumer price index, net foreign direct investment,
Gross Domestic Product ("GDP"), inflation, currency rate, base lending rate and stock
index.
The amount of credit loss recognised is based on forward-looking estimates that reflect
current and forecast economic conditions. The forward looking adjustment is
interpreted as an adjustment for the expected future economic conditions, as indicated
by different macroeconomic factors and/or expert experienced in credit judgement. 
71
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.11 Impairment of assets (cont'd.)
(a) Financial assets (cont'd.)
Forward-looking information and ECL measurement (cont'd.)
i. Debt instruments/sukuks at AC and FVOCI (cont'd.)
ii. Insurance/takaful receivables
(b) Non-financial assets
The ECLs for debt instruments/sukuks at AC and at FVOCI do not reduce the
carrying amount of these financial assets in the statements of financial position,
which remains at fair value. Instead, an amount equal to the allowance that would
arise if the assets were measured at amortised cost is recognised in OCI with a
corresponding charge to income statements. The accumulated gain recognised in
OCI is recycled to the income statements upon derecognition of the assets.
The impairment on insurance/takaful receivables is measured using the simplified
approach at initial recognition and throughout its lifetime at an amount equal to
lifetime ECL. The ECL is calculated using a provision matrix based on historical
data where the insurance/takaful receivables are grouped based on level of
business segregation and different reinsurance/retakaful premium/contribution
type's arrangement respectively. Impairment is calculated on the total outstanding
balances including those balances aged from current to 12 months and above. Roll
rates are applied on the outstanding balances in the ageing buckets which form
the base of the roll rates. A forward looking factor is taken into consideration in the
calculation of ECL.
For insurance/takaful receivables and reinsurance deposits of the reinsurance
subsidiary, the Group considers the balances to be in default when contractual
payments are two years past due and eighteen months past due respectively. As
for the takaful receivables of the takaful subsidiaries, receivables where the
contractual payments are one year past due are considered to be in default.
The carrying amounts of non-financial assets are reviewed at the end of each financial
year to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication
exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. For the purpose of
impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that
generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash
inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”). The goodwill
acquired in a business combination, for the purpose of impairment testing, is allocated
to cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
combination.
72


---- Page 106 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
209208
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.11 Impairment of assets (cont'd.)
(b) Non-financial assets (cont'd.)
(c) Write-offs
i. Non-financial assets
ii. Financial assets
Impairment losses are recognised in the income statements. Impairment losses
recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of the other assets in the unit (or groups of units) on a pro rata basis.
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets,
impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at the end of each financial
year for any indications that the losses have decreased or no longer exist.
An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to
determine the recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. An
impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised. Reversals of impairment
losses are credited to the income statements in the period in which the reversals are
recognised.
An estimate is made for doubtful debts based on review of all outstanding
balances as at reporting date. Any financial assets which were unlikely to realise
their values as shown in the accounting records in the ordinary course of business
will be written down to an amount which they might be expected so to realise. The
amount written off for bad debts in the financial statements of the Group and the
Company are expensed to income statements as disclosed in Note 31.
Non-financial assets are written off either partially or in their entirety only when the
Group and the Company have stopped pursuing the recovery. If the amount to be
written off is greater than the accumulated loss allowance, the difference is first
treated as an addition to the allowance that is then applied against the gross
carrying amount. Any subsequent recoveries are credited to credit loss expense.
The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value
in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated
future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate
that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the asset. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an
asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount.
73
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.12 Share capital and dividend expenses
2.13 Cash and cash equivalents
2.14 Leases
(i) The Group and the Company as lessee
(a) Right-of-use assets
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and at banks, excluding fixed and call
deposits with licensed financial institutions, which have an insignificant risk of changes in
value. The statements of cash flows have been prepared using the indirect method.
The Group and the Company assess at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains,
a lease. Leases arise when the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
The Group and the Company apply a single recognition and measurement approach for
all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group and
the Company recognise lease liabilities, representing the liability to make lease
payments and right-of-use ("ROU") assets representing the right to use the underlying
assets.
The Group and the Company recognise ROU assets at the commencement date
of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use). ROU assets
are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of ROU assets
includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and
lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
incentives received. ROU assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets unless
another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which
economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed. All ROU assets
recognised by the Group and the Company have shorter lease terms than their
estimated useful lives.
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the
Group and the Company after deducting all of their liabilities. Ordinary shares are recorded
at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable incremental transaction costs. Ordinary
shares are classified as equity. Dividends on ordinary shares are recognised in equity in the
period in which they are declared.
74


---- Page 107 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
211210
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.14 Leases (cont'd.)
(i) The Group and the Company as lessee (cont'd.)
(a) Right-of-use assets (cont'd.)
(b) Lease liabilities
The ROU assets are also subject to impairment as disclosed under Note 2.11(b).
The ROU assets are presented as a separate line in the statements of financial
position.
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group and the Company recognise
lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over
the lease term. The lease payments include fixed lease payments less any lease
incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate,
and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain
to be exercised by the Group and the Company and payments of penalties for
terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group and the Company
exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on
an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to
produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the
payment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, these are discounted by using
the rate implicit in the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined, the Group
and the Company use the incremental borrowing rate ("IBR"). After the
commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the
accretion of interest/profit and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition,
the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a
change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future
payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease 
payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying
asset. The Group and the Company did not make any such adjustments during the
financial year.
The lease liability is presented as a separate line in the statements of financial
position. 
If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group and the Company at the
end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option,
depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.
75
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.14 Leases (cont'd.)
(i) The Group and the Company as lessee (cont'd.)
(c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
(ii) The Group as lessor
2.15 Financial liabilities
The Group and the Company apply the short-term lease recognition exemption to
their short-term leases of equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of
12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase
option). 
The Group and the Company also apply the lease of low-value assets recognition
exemption to leases of equipment that are considered to be of low value (such as
laptops, personal computers, small items of office furniture and telephones). Lease
payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as
expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases.
Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases
are classified as operating leases.
Rental income arising is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and
is included in other operating revenue in the statement of comprehensive income due
to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an
operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised
over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are
recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.
Financial liabilities are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements
entered into and the definitions of a financial liability.
Financial liabilities are recognised in the statements of financial position when, and only
when, the Group and/or the Company become a party to the contractual provisions of the
financial instrument. Financial liabilities are classified as either financial liabilities at FVTPL
or other financial liabilities.
76


---- Page 108 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
213212
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.15 Financial liabilities (cont'd.)
(a) Financial liabilities at FVTPL
(b) Derivatives financial instruments
(c) Other financial liabilities
Insurance/takaful payables and other payables are recognised initially at fair value plus
directly attributable transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost
using the effective interest/profit method.
For other financial liabilities, gains and losses are recognised in the income statements
when the liabilities are derecognised, and through the amortisation process. 
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is extinguished.
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on
substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified,
such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and
the recognition of a new liability, and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is
recognised in the income statements.
Financial liabilities at FVTPL include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
liabilities designated upon initial recognition at FVTPL.
Financial liabilities held for trading include derivatives entered into by the Group that do
not meet the hedge accounting criteria. Derivative liabilities are initially measured at fair
value and subsequently stated at fair value, with any resultant gains or losses
recognised in the income statements. Net gains or losses on derivatives include
exchange differences.
The Group and the Company have not designated any financial liabilities at FVTPL nor
were there any financial liabilities held for trading during and at the end of the financial
year.
The Group and the Company use derivative financial instruments such as forward rate
contracts to manage certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates.
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on
which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair
value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as
financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.
The Group's and the Company's other financial liabilities include borrowings, lease
liabilities, insurance/takaful payables and other payables.
77
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.16 Provisions
2.17 Income tax and deferred tax
2.18 Employee benefits
(a) Short-term benefits
Deferred tax is not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition
of an asset or liability in a transaction which is not a business combination and, at the time
of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit. Deferred tax is
measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the asset is realised
or the liability is settled, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted
at the end of the financial year. Deferred tax is recognised in the income statements, except
when it arises from a transaction which is recognised directly in other comprehensive
income, in which case the deferred tax is also charged or credited directly in other
comprehensive income.
Wages, salaries, bonuses and social security contributions are recognised as an
expense in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees of the
Group and the Company. Short-term accumulating compensated absences such as
paid annual leave are recognised when services are rendered by employees that
increase their entitlement to future compensated balances. Short-term non-
accumulating compensated absences such as sick leave are recognised when the
absences occur.
Provisions are recognised when the Group and the Company have a present obligation as a
result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic
benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount can be
made. Provisions are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted to reflect the current
best estimate. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the amount of
provision is the present value of the expenditure expected to be required to settle the
obligation.
Income tax on income statements for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Current
tax is the expected amount of income taxes payable in respect of the taxable profit for the
year and is measured using the tax rates that have been enacted at the end of the financial
year.
Deferred tax is provided for, using the liability method, on temporary differences at the end
of the financial year between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
amounts in the financial statements. In principle, deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all
taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible
temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits to the extent that it is
probable that taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary
differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be utilised. 
78


---- Page 109 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
215214
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.18 Employee benefits (cont'd.)
(b) Defined contribution plan
(c) Employees' terminal benefits
2.19 Foreign currencies
(a) Functional and presentation currency
(b) Foreign currency transactions and balances
In preparing the financial statements, transactions in currencies other than the
functional currency ("foreign currencies") are recorded in the functional currency using
the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At each financial year
end, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates
prevailing on the financial year end. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are
denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date
when the fair value are determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of
historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
As required by law, the Group and the Company make contributions to the national
pension scheme, the Employees Provident Fund ("EPF"). The Group and the Company
also make additional contributions to the EPF for eligible employees by referring to their
earnings. Such contributions are recognised as an expense in the income statements
as incurred.
As required by the previous law in the United Arab Emirates, the Group has made
provision for terminal benefits for local employees of its Dubai subsidiary, based on the
employees’ salaries and number of years of service. The terminal benefits are paid to
the employees on termination or completion of their terms of employment.  
The Group has obtained an exemption from the requirements of the DIFC Employment
Regulations to pay end of service benefits contributions on behalf of its expatriate
employees into a DIFC Employee Workplace Savings (“DEWS”) plan and makes
contributions to a pension scheme, the EPF in Malaysia as described in Note 2.18(b).
The individual financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the
currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (“the
functional currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Ringgit
Malaysia ("RM"), which is also the Company’s functional currency.
79
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.19 Foreign currencies (cont'd.)
(b) Foreign currency transactions and balances (cont'd.)
(c) Foreign operations
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
All resulting exchange differences are taken to the foreign currency translation
reserve within equity; and
The results of an associate, Labuan Reinsurance (L) Ltd., are translated at the
closing rate prevailing at the financial year end with respect to the carrying amount
of the investment in associate, and at the exchange rate at the date of the
transactions with respect to the share of profits or losses. All resulting translation
differences are included in the foreign exchange translation reserve in
shareholders' equity.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating
monetary items during the financial year are recognised in the income statements
except for exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the Group's
net investment in foreign operations, which are recognised initially in other
comprehensive income and accumulated under the foreign currency translation reserve
in equity. The foreign currency translation reserve is reclassified from equity to the
income statements of the Group on disposal of the foreign operation. 
Exchange differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair
value are included in the income statements for the period except for differences arising 
on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and losses are
recognised directly in other comprehensive income. Exchange differences arising from
such non-monetary items are also recognised directly in other comprehensive income.
The financial results and financial position of the Company's foreign subsidiary and
operations that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency of
the consolidated financial statements are translated into RM as follows:
Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are
translated at the closing rate prevailing at the financial year end; 
Income and expenses for each income statements are translated at average
exchange rates for the year, which approximate the exchange rates at the dates of
the transactions; 
80


---- Page 110 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
217216
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.20 Other revenue recognition
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e) Management fees
2.21 Zakat
Zakat represents an obligatory amount payable by the takaful subsidiaries and retakaful
division to comply with the principles of Shariah. Zakat is computed using a method as
recommended by the GSC and approved by the Board. Only the zakat that is attributable to
the individual and corporate Muslim shareholders of the holding company was provided for
in the financial statements. The zakat computation is reviewed by the GSC. The Board has
the discretion to pay an additional sum above the obligatory amount payable.
Profit and investment income on Shariah compliant investments are recognised on an
accrual basis using the effective profit/yield of the asset.
Rental income
Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The
aggregate costs of incentives provided to lessees are recognised as a reduction of
rental income over the lease term on a straight-line basis. 
Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
Management fees are recognised when services are rendered.
Revenue is recognised when the performance obligation is satisfied at an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the Group and the Company expect to be entitled.
Interest and profit income
Interest and profit income are recognised on accrual basis using the effective
interest/profit method.
Profit and investment income
81
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.22
New standards, amendments and interpretations
Effective for annual
periods beginning
Description on or after
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts  and Amendments to MFRS 17 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 101 Presentation of Financial Statements
and MFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality
Judgements Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 108 Accounting Policies, Changes in
Accounting Estimates and Errors  - Definition of
Accounting Estimates 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 112 Income Taxes  - Deferred Tax
related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
Transaction 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts - Initial
Application of MFRS 17 and MFRS 9 Comparative
Information 1 January 2023
International Tax Reform - Pillar Two Model Rules
(Amendments to MFRS 112) 1 January 2023
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts
(i)    Changes to classification and measurement
The adoption of MFRS 17 will not change the classification of the Group’s insurance,
takaful, reinsurance and retakaful contracts.
MFRS 17 establishes specific principles for the recognition and measurement of
insurance/takaful contracts issued and reinsurance/retakaful contracts held by the
Group.
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
The accounting policies adopted by the Group and the Company are consistent with those
of the previous financial year except for the following:
At the beginning of the current financial year, the Group and the Company adopted the
following Amendments/Improvements which are mandatory for annual periods beginning on
or after 1 January 2023.
The effects arising from the adoption of MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts are as disclosed
below.
MFRS 17 replaces MFRS 4 Insurance Contracts for annual periods beginning on or after 1
January 2023. The Group has restated comparative information for financial year ended 31
March 2023 applying the transitional provisions. The nature of the changes in accounting
policies can be summarised, as follows:
82


---- Page 111 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
219218
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.22
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts  (cont'd.)
(i)   
• 
• 
• 
• 
-
-
• 
• Recognise an asset for insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows in respect of
acquisition cash flows paid, or incurred, before the related group of
insurance/takaful/reinsurance/retakaful contracts is recognised. Such an asset is
derecognised when the insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows are included in the
measurement of the related group of insurance/takaful/reinsurance/retakaful
contracts.
Separate specified embedded derivatives, distinct investment components and
distinct non-insurance goods or services from
insurance/takaful/reinsurance/retakaful contracts and accounts for them in
accordance with other applicable MFRS;
Divide the insurance/takaful/reinsurance/retakaful contracts into groups it will
recognise and measure;
Recognise and measure groups of insurance/takaful/reinsurance/retakaful
contracts at:
a risk-adjusted present value of the future cash flows (the fulfilment cash
flows) that incorporates all available information about the fulfilment cash
flows in a way that is consistent with observable market information; plus
an amount representing the unearned profit in the group of contracts (the
contractual service margin or "CSM")
Recognise profit from a group of insurance/takaful/reinsurance/retakaful contracts
over each period the Group provides insurance/takaful coverage, as the Group is
released from risk. If a group of contracts is expected to be onerous over the
remaining coverage period, the Group will recognise the loss immediately; and
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (cont'd.)
The Group has developed policies and approved technical positions that will address
the following key principles of MFRS 17:
Identify insurance, takaful, reinsurance and retakaful contracts as those under
which the Group accepts significant insurance/takaful risk from another party (the
policyholder/participant) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder/participant if a
specified uncertain future event adversely affects the policyholder/participant;
 Changes to classification and measurement (cont'd.)
83
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.22
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts  (cont'd.)
(i)   
(a)
(b)
(c)
(ii)
 
• 
• 
• 
• 
Portfolios of insurance/takaful contracts issued;
Portfolios of insurance/takaful contracts held;
Portfolios of retakaful/reinsurance contracts held that are assets; and
Portfolios of retakaful/reinsurance contracts held that are liabilities.
Groups of insurance/takaful contracts issued will include any assets for
insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows.
The portfolios of contracts are as established at initial recognition in accordance with
the requirements of MFRS 17.
This is the default measurement model for insurance/takaful/reinsurance/retakaful
contracts valued using fulfilment cash flows (the present value of expected future
cash flows, plus a risk adjustment) offset by the CSM which represents the
unearned profit which the Group will recognise as it provides services under the
contracts.
Variable Fee Approach (“VFA”)
VFA is use for insurance/takaful contracts with direct participation features where
payments to policyholders/participants are contractually linked to and substantially
vary with the underlying items.
The Group will be applying all the three models above for the insurance/takaful
contracts issued and reinsurance/retakaful contracts held.
Changes to presentation and disclosure
For presentation purposes, the Group will aggregate insurance/takaful and
reinsurance/retakaful contracts held and these will be presented separately in the
statement of financial position as follows:
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (cont'd.)
During the implementation period of MFRS 17, the Group has determined that its
insurance/takaful contracts issued and reinsurance/retakaful contracts held are eligible
for the measurement models below:
Premium Allocation Approach (“PAA”)
This model will be applied for policies which have contract boundaries (i.e.
coverage periods) of less than 1 year as well as for policies with contract
boundaries of more than 1 year but which are able to pass the PAA eligibility test.
General Measurement Model (‘’GMM’’)
 Changes to classification and measurement (cont'd.)
84


---- Page 112 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
221220
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.22
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts  (cont'd.)
(ii)
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
(iii)
• 
• 
• 
• Recognised any resulting net difference in equity.
Transition
On the transition date of 1 April 2022, the Group has:
Identified, recognised and measured each group of insurance/takaful and
reinsurance/retakaful contracts as if MFRS 17 had always applied (unless
impracticable), using the full retrospective approach;
Identified, recognised and measured assets for insurance/takaful acquisition cash
flows as if MFRS 17 had always applied;
Derecognised any existing balances that would not exist had MFRS 17 always
applied; and
The nature and extent of risks that arise from contracts within the scope of MFRS
17.
Insurance/takaful service results
Finance/profit income or expenses
Income or expenses from retakaful/reinsurance contracts held
MFRS 17 will also require more extensive disclosure requirements compared to MFRS
4. The Group will provide both qualitative and quantitative disclosures about insurance
contracts in three main areas:
Explanation of the amounts recognised in the Group's financial statements arising
from insurance/takaful contracts;
Significant judgements, and changes in those judgements, when applying MFRS
17; and
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (cont'd.)
Changes to presentation and disclosure (cont'd.)
The presentation of the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income will
change significantly upon the adoption of MFRS 17, with clear delineation of
underwriting and investment results. There will no longer be items such as gross, net or
earned premiums/contributions or net claims incurred shown on the statement of profit
or loss.
Instead, the statement of profit or loss will reflect the following items from the financial
year ending 31 March 2024, together with a restated statement of profit or loss under
MFRS 17 for the year ended 31 March 2023:
Insurance/takaful revenue
Insurance/takaful service expenses
85
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.22
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts  (cont'd.)
(iii)
(a) Full Retrospective Approach ("FRA")
(b) Fair Value Approach ("FVA")
Financial Effect arising from the adoption of MFRS 17
The comparative figures have been restated to confirm with current year's presentation
in accordance with MFRS 17. The effects of the adjustments on the assets, liabilities
and equity on the statement of financial position of the Group as at 1 April 2022 and 31
March 2023 and on the components of profit or loss for the financial year ended 31
March 2023 are presented below:
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (cont'd.)
Transition (cont'd.)
Where the Full Retrospective Approach ("FRA") has been determined to be
impracticable to apply during the implementation period, due to constraints on data or
other relevant inputs, the Group has applied the Fair Value Approach ("FVA"). These
are described in further detail below.
The determination of whether it is impracticable to adopt the FRA for group of
contracts/certificates as at the transition date was made after considering the cost
or effort required to collect the required information or create information where the
required data was unavailable (either due to system migrations in the past, data
retention policies, and changes in requirements introduced by MFRS 17) and if
hindsight was needed to determine the estimates at prior periods. , the retakaful
subsidiary has applied the full retrospective to all family retakaful certificates
issued on or after 1 December 2021 while general takaful subsidiary applied FRA
approach to all contracts regardless of its issuance date. The family takaful
subsidiary has applied FRA on transition to all certificates issued on or after 1 April
2020.
Under the FVA, the CSM is determined as the positive difference between the fair
value determined in accordance with MFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement and the
fulfilment cash flows (any negative difference will be recognised in retained
earnings at the transition date).
86


---- Page 113 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
223222
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.22
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts  (cont'd.)
Statement of financial position as at 1 April 2022
MFRS 17
01.04.2022
Group RM '000
Assets
Investment in associates 134,094 28,284 162,378
Financial and other assets 8,975,983 (19,378) 8,956,605
Insurance/takaful receivables 614,826 (614,826) -                         
Insurance/takaful contract 
assets -                      65,393 65,393                
Reinsurance/retakaful contract
 assets 952,271 (340,082) 612,189
Deferred tax assets 38,330 (12,290) 26,040
Tax recoverable 50,702 8,681 59,383
Other assets 505,953 -                          505,953
Total assets 11,272,159 (884,218) 10,387,941
Liabilities
Insurance/takaful contract 
liabilities 7,487,057 (287,392) 7,199,665
Participants' fund 394,409 (394,409) -                         
Reinsurance/retakaful contract
liabilities -                      3,613 3,613
Insurance/takaful 
payables 305,499 (305,499) -                         
Other payables 277,793 (115,834) 161,959
Deferred tax liabilities 3,178 15,688 18,866
Tax payable 5,319 8,681 14,000
Other liabilities 327,230 -                          327,230
Total Liabilities 8,800,485 (1,075,152) 7,725,333
Equity
Share capital 738,502 -                          738,502
Reserves 1,733,172 190,934 1,924,106
Total Equity 2,471,674 190,934 2,662,608
Total liabilities
  and equity 11,272,159 (884,218) 10,387,941
MFRS 4
01.04.2022 Adjustments
RM '000 RM '000
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (cont'd.)
Financial Effect arising from the adoption of MFRS 17 (cont'd.)
87
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.22
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts  (cont'd.)
Statement of financial position as at 1 April 2023
MFRS 17
01.04.2023
Group RM '000 RM '000
Assets
Investment in associates 122,164 25,226 147,390
Financial and other assets 10,033,716 (19,385) 10,014,331
Insurance/takaful receivables 706,541 (706,541) -                         
Insurance/takaful contract 
assets -                      64,409 64,409                
Reinsurance/retakaful assets
certificate assets 850,692 (327,106) 523,586
Deferred tax assets 42,618 (5,751) 36,867
Tax recoverable 42,423 3,497 45,920
Other assets 559,429 -                          559,429
Total assets 12,357,583 (965,651) 11,391,932
Liabilities
Insurance/takaful contract 
liabilities 8,190,384 (308,173) 7,882,211
Participants' fund 404,248 (404,248) -                         
Reinsurance/retakaful contract
liabilities -                      5,579 5,579
Insurance/takaful 
payables 306,616 (306,616) -                         
Other payables 335,669 (126,870) 208,799
Deferred tax liabilities 4,718 17,132 21,850
Tax payable 7,746 3,497                  11,243
Other liabilities 525,629 -                          525,629
Total Liabilities 9,775,010 (1,119,699) 8,655,311
Equity
Share capital 738,502 -                          738,502
Reserves 1,844,071 154,048 1,998,119
Total Equity 2,582,573 154,048 2,736,621
Total liabilities
  and equity 12,357,583 (965,651) 11,391,932
RM '000
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (cont'd.)
Financial Effect arising from the adoption of MFRS 17 (cont'd.)
MFRS 4
01.04.2023 Adjustments
88


---- Page 114 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
225224
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.22
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts  (cont'd.)
Statement of profit or loss for the financial financial year ended 31 March 2023
As previously As stated
stated for the year Classification for the year
ended and ended
31.03.2023 measurement 31.03.2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Profit before taxation and zakat 150,950 (6,266) 144,684
Net profit for the financial year 119,473 (1,193) 118,280
MFRS 9 Financial Instruments ("MFRS 9")
Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (cont'd.)
Financial Effect arising from the adoption of MFRS 17 (cont'd.)
The Group and the Company have adopted MFRS 9 from the financial year ended 31 March
2019. In doing so, the Group has also applied the overlay approach, which allows it to adjust
profit or loss for eligible financial assets by removing any accounting volatility to other
comprehensive income that may arise from the adoption of MFRS 17. As MFRS 17 allows
an election for the effect of changes in discount rates to be recognised through profit or loss
("FVTPL") or through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI"), the Group has applied the
amendment by reclassifying the financial assets from FVTPL to FVOCI and FVOCI to
FVTPL after performed necessary assessment to manage the balance sheet management
strategies and the impact on financial performance. Meanwhile, the Group have performed
the necessary reclassification for the eligible financial assets to match against the insurance
contract/takaful certificate liabilities.
89
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Material accounting policies (cont'd.)
2.23
Effective for
annual periods
beginning
Description on or after
Amendments to MFRS 101 Presentation of Financial Statements
– Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 101 Presentation of Financial
Statements  – Non-Current Liabilities with Covenants 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 16 Leases  - Lease Liability in a Sale
and Leaseback 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 107 Statement of Cash Flows  and
MFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 121 Lack of Exchangeability 1 January 2025
Amendments to MFRS 10 Consolidated Financial
Statements  and MFRS 128 Investments in Associates and
Joint Ventures  - Sale or Distribution of Assets between an
Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture
to be determined
 by MASB
The Directors are of the opinion that the adoption of the above pronouncements are not
expected to have a material impact on the financial statements of the Group and the
Company in the period of initial application.
Standards issued but not yet effective
The Standards, Amendments to Standards and Annual Improvements to Standards that
have been issued but not yet effective up to the date of issuance of the Group's and the
Company’s financial statements are disclosed below. The Group and the Company intend to
adopt these Standards, Amendments to Standards and Annual Improvements to Standards,
if applicable, when they become effective:
90


---- Page 115 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
227226
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
3. (a) Insurance/takaful revenue
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Contracts not measured under PAA
Amounts relating to the changes in the liability 
for remaining coverage
Expected claims and insurance/takaful service
 expenses incurred in the period 1,334,717 1,313,619  
Change in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk 133,014     107,119    
Amount of CSM recognised in profit or loss 437,988     257,297    
Experience adjustments for premium/contributions receipts 156,727     35,006      
Amounts relating to recovery of insurance/takaful
acquisition cash flows
Allocation of the portion of premiums/contributions that
relate to the recovery of acquisition cash flows 164,223     134,265    
Insurance/takaful revenue - contracts not measured under PAA 2,226,669 1,847,306  
Insurance/takaful revenue - contracts measured under PAA 871,485     675,370    
Total insurance/takaful revenue 3,098,154 2,522,676  
(b) Insurance/takaful service expenses
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Incurred claims (Note 4(b)) 1,879,733 1,952,608  
Incurred maintenance expenses (Note 4(b)) 324,073     219,267    
Incurred surplus to participants 10,000       3,000        
Amortisation of acquisition cash flows (Note 20) 340,492    261,598    
Experience variance from acquisition cash flows (9,628)       (659)          
Losses on onerous contracts and reversal of
   losses on onerous contracts (Note 4(b)) 44,342       28,884      
Changes to liabilities for incurred claims ("LIC") (155,236)   (111,109)   
Total insurance/takaful service expenses (Note 4(b)) 2,433,776 2,353,589  
Represented by:
Contracts not measured under PAA 1,713,565 1,769,621  
Contracts measured under PAA 720,211     583,968    
2,433,776 2,353,589  
The table below presents an analysis of the total insurance/takaful revenue recognised in the
period:
The table below presents an analysis of the total insurance/takaful expenses recognised in the
period:
Group
Group
91
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
4. (a) Fees and other operating income
2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Management fees 3,843  4,313 57,139  61,317  
Other operating income 45,511  31,300 345  171  
Net realised gains on foreign 
exchange 25,361  5,433 -   -   
Reversal of impairment losses on 
buildings (Note 13) 21  72 -   -   
Reversal of impairment losses on :
- financial assets at FVOCI - 707
- insurance/takaful receivables 281  -   -   -   
Interest/profit  income on premium 
reserve and staff loans 910  630 -   -   
Reversal of impairment losses on 
financial assets at amortised cost -  1 -   -   
Non-operating interest/profit income 1   2  1  2  
Miscellaneous income 13,945  22,288 344  169  
Net rental income from properties 4,992  2,167 -   -   
49,354  35,613 57,484  61,488  
4. (b) Expenses by nature
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Claims and benefits 1,879,733  1,952,608 -   -   
Fees and commissions 277,569  248,084 -   -   
Losses on onerous insurance/takaful
contracts/certificates (Note 3(b)) 44,342  28,884 -   -   
Staff costs:
Salaries, bonus and other related costs 171,804   132,969 45,348  38,687  
Short term accumulating compensated
absences (249) 627 (253) 236 
President & Group Chief Executive 
Officer ("PGCEO"), directors and 
Group Shariah Committee ("GSC") 
members' remuneration (Note 5(a))5,671  4,853 3,174  2,562  
Pension costs - EPF 22,682  18,706 6,562  5,245  
Social security costs 952  1,239 293  247  
Retirement benefits 121  141 27  42  
Group Company
Group Company
92


---- Page 116 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
229228
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
(b) Expenses by nature (cont'd.)
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Auditors' remuneration:
Statutory auditors of the Group
- statutory audit 4,220  1,657 134  105  
- other assurance services - 2,012 -   -   
- regulatory-related 568  105 26   26  
- other services 350  192 104  32  
Depreciation of property, plant
and equipment (Note 13) 9,103  7,892 1,119  1,210  
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 14) 1,530  1,404 1,157  1,023  
Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 15) 22,469  20,723 2,503  1,295  
Expense relating to short-term leases - 199 -   -   
Expenses relating to leases of
low-value assets 425  1,079 289  468  
Agency expenses 7,762  7,981 -   -   
Marketing and promotional costs 62,412  59,349 704  207  
Electronic data processing costs 22,336  22,830 2,839  5,179  
Management fee -  -  256   407  
Professional and legal fees 22,825  12,564 3,843  29  
Contributions and donations 254  4  -   -   
Tax on premium 3,575  2,265 -   -   
Other management expenses 24,625  33,436 2,375  1,661  
Net realised losses on foreign exchange 2,255  7,652 -   -   
Impairment losses on financial assets
at FVOCI 41  11 11  1  
Allowance for impairment losses on
other receivables - 1,607 -   -   
Write-off of intangible assets (Note 14) - 2,197 -   -   
Loss from participation in Lloyds'
syndicate - 1,572 -   -   
Investment expenses 645  888 -   -   
Miscellaneous expenses 11,251  16,610 21  11  
2,599,270  2,592,340 70,532  58,673  
Net amortisation of acquisition cash flows (71,723)  (159,069)  -   -   
2,527,547  2,433,271 70,532  58,673  
Represented by:
Takaful service expenses (Note 3(b)) 2,433,776  2,353,589 -   -   
Management and other operating
expenses 93,771  79,682 70,532  58,673  
2,527,547  2,433,271 70,532  58,673  
Group Company
93
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
5. (a) PGCEO, directors' and GSC members' remuneration
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Number of non-executive directors 23  21  7  6  
PGCEO/Executive Director of the 
subsidiaries (Note 5(b)) :
Salaries and bonus 1,870  1,442  1,870  1,442  
Pension costs - EPF and SOCSO 318  245  318  245  
Benefits-in-kind 18   18  18   18  
Others 52  38  52   38  
2,258  1,743  2,258  1,743  
Non-executive directors of the 
Company (Note 5(b)):
Fees 1,346  1,233  710  667  
Meeting allowances 445  363  224  171  
Benefits-in-kind 88   31  76   31  
1,879  1,627  1,010  869  
Non-executive directors of the 
subsidiaries:
Fees 1,074  998  -   -   
Meeting allowances 256  309  -   -   
1,330  1,307  -   -   
Group Shariah Committee members:
Fees 243  180  -   -   
Meeting allowances 67  45  -   -   
310  225  -   -   
Total PGCEO, directors' and GSC members' 
remuneration excluding benefits-in-kind
(Note 4(b)) 5,671  4,853 3,174  2,562  
Group Company
94


---- Page 117 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
231230
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
5. (a) PGCEO, directors' and GSC members' remuneration (cont'd.)
2024 2023 2024 2023
 PGCEO/Executive Director of the subsidiaries:
   RM1,500,001 to RM2,000,000 -                   1                 -                 1                
   RM2,000,001 to RM2,500,000 1                  -                  1                -                 
Non-executive directors of the Company:
   RM50,001 to RM100,0001                  -                  1                -                 
   RM100,001 to RM150,000 3                  3                 4                5                
   RM150,001 to RM200,000 -                   -                  1                -                 
   RM200,001 to RM250,000 -                   -                  1                1                
   RM250,001 to RM300,000 -                   1                 -                 -                 
   RM300,001 to RM350,000 1                  -                  -                 -                 
   RM400,001 to RM450,000 -                   1                 -                 -                 
   RM450,001 to RM500,000 1                  -                 -                 
   RM500,001 to RM550,000 -                   1                 -                 -                 
   RM550,001 to RM600,000 1                  -                  -                 -                 
Non-executive directors of the
subsidiaries:
   RM0 to RM50,000 4                  5                 -                 -                 
   RM50,001 to RM100,000 2                  2                 -                 -                 
   RM100,001 to RM150,000 8                  6                 -                 -                 
   RM150,001 to RM200,000 2                  1                 -                 -                 
   RM250,001 to RM300,000 -                   1                 -                 -                    RM650,001 to RM700,000
-                   -                 -                -                
Group Company
Number of Directors
95
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
5. (b) PGCEO/Executive Director of the subsidiaries and non-executive directors of the company
Salary Salary
and bonus Fees Total and bonus Fees Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2024
PGCEO/Executive Director of the subsidiaries
Zaharudin Daud 1,870         -               388                    2,258       1,870         -           388                  2,258       
Non-Executive Directors of the Company:
Datuk Johar Che Mat -                  448           145                    593           -                  159       64                    223           
George Oommen -                 335           127                    462           -                  109       46                    155           
Khalid Sufat -                  213           98                      311           -                  92         46                    138           
Junaidah Mohd Said -                  99             53                      152           -                  99         48                    147           
Zaida Khalida Shaari -                  104           43                      147           -                  104       40                    144           
Dato' Wan Roshdi Wan Musa -                  104           43                      147           -                  104       38                    142           
Puan Chin See Mei -                  43             24                      67             -                  43         18                    61             
-                  1,346        533                    1,879        -                  710       300                  1,010        
Total PGCEO and directors' remuneration 1,870          1,346        921                    4,137        1,870          710       688                  3,268        
<-----------------------Company----------------------><-----------------------Group------------------->
Benefits-in-
kind and other 
emoluments
Benefits-in-kind 
and other 
emoluments
96


---- Page 118 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
233232
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
5. (b) PGCEO, directors' and GSC members' remuneration (cont'd.)
(a) PGCEO & directors' remuneration (cont'd.):
Salary Salary
and bonus Fees Total and bonus Fees Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2023
PGCEO/Executive Director of the subsidiaries
Zaharudin Daud 1,442         -               301                    1,743       1,442         -           301                  1,743       
Non-Executive Directors of the Company:
Datuk Johar Che Mat -                  383           121                    504           -                  159       58                    217           
George Oommen -                 330           97                      427           -                  109       28                    137           
Khalid Sufat -                  213           70                      283           -                  92         22                    114           
Junaidah Mohd Said -                  99             42                      141           -                  99         36                    135           
Zaida Khalida Shaari -                  104           36                      140           -                  104       35                    139           
Dato' Wan Roshdi Wan Musa -                  104           28                      132           -                  104       23                    127           
-                  1,233        394                    1,627        -                  667       202                  869           
Total PGCEO and directors' remuneration 1,442         1,233       695                    3,370       1,442         667      503                  2,612       
Benefits-in-kind 
and other 
emoluments
<-----------------------Company---------------------------><-----------------------------Group---------------------------->
Benefits-in-
kind and other 
emoluments
97
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
6. Net expense from reinsurance/retakaful contracts/retakaful certificates held
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Contracts not measured under PAA
Amounts relating to the changes in the assets for
remaining coverage
Expected recovery for insurance/takaful service
expenses incurred in the period (267,369)     (188,104)     
Changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk (10,878)       (6,771)         
Net cost recognised in profit or loss (93,551)       (28,941)       
Other amount (9,380)         4,352          
Allocation of reinsurance/retakaful premium/contributions - 
Contract not measured under PAA (381,178)     (219,464)     
Allocation of reinsurance/retakaful premium/contributions - 
Contract measured under PAA (223,574)     (148,072)     
Allocation of reinsurance/retakaful premium/contributions (604,752)     (367,536)     
Amounts recoverable for claims and other 
expenses incurred in the period:
Amounts recoverable for claims 247,164      137,807      
Loss recovery on onerous underlying certificates 23,468        4,948          
Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes
in liability for incurred claims (8,072)         6,977          
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers/retakaful operators -
Contract not measured under PAA 262,560      149,732      
Amounts recoverable from claims 132,533      91,632        
Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in 
liability for incurred claims 39,685        26,545        
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers/retakaful operators -
Contract measured under PAA 172,218      118,177      
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers/retakaful operators
for incurred claims 434,778      267,909      
Net expense from reinsurance/retakaful contracts/certificates 
held (169,974)     (99,627)       
The Group has voluntarily disclosed an analysis of the net expenses from reinsurance
contracts/retakaful certificates held recognised in the period in the table below:
Group
98


---- Page 119 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
235234
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
7. Investment income
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVTPL
Designated upon initial recognition:
Interest/profit income 124,151       119,910    -                  -                  
Mandatorily measured:
Interest/profit income 47,188         656           -                  -                  
Dividend income:
- Quoted shares in Malaysia 9,722           9,643        -                  -                  
- Shariah approved unit trust funds 1,834           2,658         148             477             
- Real estate investment trusts 1,047           1,012        -                  -                  
Financial assets at FVOCI
Interest/profit income 30,460         74,768       2,196          2,190          
Dividend income on shariah approved unit
trust funds 82                582           -                  -                  
Financial assets at amortised cost
Interest/profit income 202,475       112,192     4,248          2,261          
Loans and receivables
Dividend income from subsidiaries -                   -                102,365      23,000        
Dividend income from associate -                   -                400             -                  
Net amortisation of premiums of discount on
investments (4,977)          (4,873)       -                  -                  
Investment expenses (1,198)          (297)          -                  -                  
410,784       316,251    109,357      27,928        
Group Company
99
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
8. Net realised (losses)/gains
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Property, plant and equipment
Net realised (losses)/gain (67)               16             (67)              (0)                
Intangible assets
Net realised gain -                   398           -                  -                  
Financial assets at FVTPL
Quoted shares in Malaysia:
Shariah approved equities (6,522)          (4,828)       -                  -                  
Others (5,281)          125           -                  -                  
Unquoted Islamic private debt 
securities 724              1,365         -                  -                  
Government investment issues 10,202         3,476        -                  -                  
Malaysian government securities (21)               -                 -                  -                  
Shariah approved unit trust funds (52)               141           -                  -                  
Property trust fund (1,139)          -                 -                  -                  
Real estate investment trusts (522)             515           -                  -                  
Net realised (losses)/gains (2,611)          794           -                  -                  
Financial assets at FVOCI
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                   694           -                  -                  
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities -                   55              -                  -                  
Government investment issues (340)             2,103        -                  -                  
Net realised (losses)/gains (340)             2,852        -                  -                  
(3,018)          4,060        (67)              -                  
Group Company
100


---- Page 120 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
237236
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
9. Net foreign exchange gains on investments
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Foreign exchange gains:
Realised 44,583       9,498         
Unrealised 3,426          4,403          
Net foreign exchange gains on investments 48,009       13,901        
10. Net insurance/takaful financial results
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Insurance/takaful profit/finance (expenses)/income 
from insurance/takaful contracts/certificates issued
Profit accreted to insurance/takaful contracts/certificates using 
current financial assumptions (84,091)      8,865          
Profit accreted to insurance/takaful contracts/certificates using
locked-in rate (21,095)      (13,466)      
Due to changes in the value of underlying items (261,673)    (172,537)    
Financial risk component (5,527)        (5,065)        
Net foreign exchange expense (86,527)      (9,782)        
Net insurance/takaful profit/finance expenses from
contract/certificates issued (458,913)    (191,985)    
Reinsurance/retakaful profit/finance 
(expenses)/income from reinsurance/retakaful
contracts/certificates held
Profit accreted to reinsurance/retakaful contracts/certificates
using current financial assumptions (3,758)        5,226          
Profit accreted to reinsurance/retakaful contracts using 
locked-in rate 11,739       4,597         
Due to changes in interest/profit rates and other financial 
assumptions (394)           (1,671)        
Net foreign exchange income/(expenses) 3,931         (67)             
Net insurance/takaful profit/finance income/(expenses) from 
contract/certificates issued 11,518       8,085         
Unallocated surplus attributable to participants (90,091)      (34,417)      
Net insurance/takaful financial results (537,486)    (218,317)    
Group
Group
101
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
11. Tax attributable to the participants
2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000
Current income tax 21,048  15,661  
Deferred income tax 4,030  805  
25,078  16,466  
12. Taxation
2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Malaysian income tax:
Tax expense for the year 67,255  39,243  7,690   972  
Under/(over) provision in prior years 6,532   (2,819)   3  23   
73,787  36,424  7,693   995  
Deferred tax (Note 19):
Relating to origination and 
reversal of temporary differences (2,879)   (11,448)   (1,370)   524  
 Tax expense for the year 70,908  24,976  6,323   1,519  
2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Profit before zakat and taxation 530,859  161,150   79,400  14,075  
Taxation at Malaysian statutory tax rate of 24% 127,407   38,676  19,056  3,378   
Effects of different tax rate in respect 
of reinsurance/retakaful business (63,638)   (7,912)   -   -   
Income not subject to tax (8,155)   (12,252)   (24,701)   (5,635)   
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 12,117  13,775  6,271   4,409  
Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses - (656)  - (656)  
Under provision of tax in prior years 6,532  (2,819)  3  23   
Impairment of tax recoverable 7,354  - 5,694  -   
Share of results of associates (10,709)   (3,836)   -   -   
Tax expense for the year 70,908  24,976  6,323   1,519   
Group
A reconciliation of income tax expenses applicable to profit before zakat and tax at the statutory income tax
rate to income tax expense at the effective income tax rate of the Group and the Company is as follows:
Group Company
Group Company
Domestic income tax for the Company, the general takaful business and the takaful subsidiaries'
shareholder's funds are calculated at the Malaysian statutory tax rate of 24% (2023: 24%) of the estimated
assessable profit for the year. Income tax on the Group's reinsurance/retakaful and family takaful business
are calculated at a preferential tax rate of 8% (2023: 8%).
102


---- Page 121 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
239238
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
13. Property, plant and equipment
   
Furniture,
fittings
Freehold Computer and office Motor Work in
land Buildings equipment equipment vehicles progress Total
Group RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Valuation/Cost
At 1 April 2022 36,800      162,107     10,680         38,767         2,215         5,141        255,710       
Additions -                -                1,698           26                342            16,555      18,621         
Disposals -                 -                 -                   -                   (90)            -                 (90)               
Revaluation surplus -                3,625        -                   -                   -                 -                 3,625           
Foreign exchange translation -                 319           7                  21                11             -                 358              
Elimination of accumulated 
   depreciation on revaluation -                 (4,516)       -                   -                   -                 -                 (4,516)          
Reclassification -                1,356         835              4,421           -                (6,612)       -                   
At 31 March 2023 36,800       162,891     13,220         43,235         2,478         15,084       273,708       
Additions -                -                1,145           874              672            13,576      16,267         
Disposals -                 -                 -                   -                   (821)          -                 (821)             
Revaluation surplus -                4,905        -                   -                   -                 -                 4,905           
Foreign exchange translation -                 485            10                32                17             -                 544              
Elimination of accumulated    depreciation on revaluation -                 (4,597)       -                   -                   -                 -                 (4,597)          
Adjustments -                -                 -                   -                   -                (2,910)       (2,910)          
Reclassification -                10,692      -                   4,111           -                (14,803)     -                   
At 31 March 2024 36,800       174,376     14,375         48,252         2,346         10,947       287,096       
103
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
13. Property, plant and equipment (cont'd.)
Furniture,
fittings
Freehold Computer and office Motor Work in
land Buildings equipment equipment vehicles progress Total
Group (cont'd.) RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment loss
At 1 April 2022 -                 -                7,147           35,909         1,441        -                44,497         
Depreciation charge for the year (Note 4(b)) -                 4,653         1,412           1,426           401           -                7,892           
Disposals -                 -                 -                   -                   (90)            -                (90)               
Elimination of accumulated 
   depreciation on revaluation -                 (4,516)       -                   -                   -                 -                (4,516)          
Foreign exchange translation -                 161           7                  21                6                -                195              
Reversal of impairment loss during 
the year (Note 4(a)) -                 (72)            -                   -                   -                 -                (72)               
At 31 March 2023 -                226            8,566           37,356         1,758        -                47,906         
Depreciation charge for the year (Note 4(b)) -                 4,944         1,750           2,057           352           -                9,103           
Disposals -                 -                 -                   -                   (702)          -                (702)             
Foreign exchange translation -                 379           9                  32                15             -                435              
Reversal of impairment loss during 
the year (Note 4(a)) -                 (21)            -                   -                   -                 -                (21)               
Elimination of accumulated depreciation    and impairment on revaluation-                 (4,597)       -                   -                   -                 -                (4,597)          
At 31 March 2024 -                931            10,325         39,445         1,423        -                52,124         
Net carrying amount
At 31 March 2024 36,800       173,445     4,050           8,807           923            10,947       234,972       
At 31 March 2023 36,800       162,665     4,654           5,879           720            15,084       225,802       
104


---- Page 122 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
241240
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
13. Property, plant and equipment (cont'd.)
Revaluation of freehold land and buildings
Freehold
land Buildings Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
Cost
At 1 April 2022 15,596        147,789      163,385      
Reclassification from work-in-progress -                  1,356          1,356          
Foreign exchange translation -                  319             319             
At 31 March 2023 15,596        149,464      165,060      
Reclassification from work-in-progress -                  10,692        10,692        
Foreign exchange translation -                  484             484             
At 31 March 2024 15,596        160,640      176,236      
Freehold land and buildings in Malaysia have been revalued based on valuations performed by
accredited independent valuers having appropriate recognised professional qualification. The valuations
are based on the income and comparison approaches and are based on valuation date of 31 March
2024.
The income approach entails the determination of the probable gross annual rental the property is
capable of producing and deducting therefrom the outgoings to arrive at the annual net income. 
If the freehold land and buildings were measured using the cost model, the carrying amounts would be as
follows:
The comparison approach entails critical analyses of recent sales and listing of comparable properties
registered within the vicinity. The technique of the approach requires the establishment of a comparable
property by reducing reasonable comparative sales and listing to a common denominator. This is
performed by adjusting the differences between the subject property and those regarded as comparable.
The comparison was premised on the factors of location, size, lease, restrictive covenants age and
condition of the building as well as the time element.
Description of the fair value hierarchy for freehold land and buildings and the significant inputs used in the
valuation are provided in Note 34.
Freehold buildings outside Malaysia have been revalued based on their value-in-use and a discount rate
of 7% (2023: 6%) is applied, being the prevailing rental yield in the country where the buildings are
located.
105
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
13. Property, plant and equipment (cont'd.)
Revaluation of freehold land and buildings (cont'd.)
Freehold
land Buildings Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group (cont'd.)
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss
At 1 April 2022 -                  61,673        61,673        
Depreciation charge for the year -                  3,680          3,680          
Reversal of impairment losses -                  (72)              (72)              
Foreign exchange translation -                  161             161             
At 31 March 2023 -                  65,442        65,442        
Depreciation charge for the year -                  3,920          3,920          
Reversal of impairment losses -                  (21)              (21)              
Foreign exchange translation -                  366             366             
At 31 March 2024 -                  69,707        69,707        
Net carrying amount
At 31 March 2024 15,596        90,933        106,529      
At 31 March 2023 15,596        84,022        99,618        
Furniture,
fittings
Computer and office Motor Work-in-
equipment equipment vehicles progress Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Company
Cost
At 1 April 2022 5,451          2,782          599             642             9,474          
Additions 442             -                  -                  7,252          7,694          
Disposals -                  -                  (5)                -                  (5)                
Reclassification 425             459             -                  (884)            -                  
At 31 March 2023 6,318          3,241          594             7,010          17,163        
Additions 108             44               382             2,805          3,339          
Disposals -                  -                  (594)            -                  (594)            
Adjustments -                  -                  -                  (2,909)         (2,909)         
At 31 March 2024 6,426          3,285          382             6,906          16,999        
106


---- Page 123 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
243242
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
13. Property, plant and equipment (cont'd.)
Furniture,
fittings
Computer and office Motor Work-in-
equipment equipment vehicles progress Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Company (cont'd.)
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 April 2022 4,025          2,358          371             -                  6,754          
Charge for the year (Note 4(b)) 818             274             118             -                  1,210          
Disposals -                  -                  (5)                -                  (5)                
At 31 March 2023 4,843          2,632          484             -                  7,959          
Charge for the year (Note 4(b)) 848             183             88               -                  1,119          
Disposals -                  -                  (527)            -                  (527)            
At 31 March 2024 5,691          2,815          45               -                  8,551          
Net carrying amount
At 31 March 2024 735             470             337             6,906          8,448          
At 31 March 2023 1,475          609             110             7,010          9,204          
14. Intangible assets
Software Computer
development software Preferred
 in and partnership
progress licences fees Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
Cost
At 1 April 2022 28,759        87,507        28,000        144,266      
Additions 3,462          8,185          74,000        85,647        
Write-off -                  (6,576)         -                  (6,576)         
Disposal -                  -                  (28,000)       (28,000)       
Reclassification (10,006)       10,006        -                  -                  
At 31 March 2023 22,215        99,122        74,000        195,337      
Additions 7,985          7,018          -                  15,003        
Reclassification (3,861)         3,861          -                  -                  
Adjustments -                  (214)            -                  (214)            
At 31 March 2024 26,339        109,787      74,000        210,126      
107
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
14. Intangible assets (cont'd.)
Software Computer
development software Preferred
 in and partnership
progress licences fees Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group (cont'd.)
Accumulated amortisation
At 1 April 2022 -                  58,863        10,267        69,130        
Amortisation for the year (Note 4(b)) -                  6,605          14,118        20,723        
Write-off -                  (4,379)         -                  (4,379)         
Disposal -                  -                  (14,934)       (14,934)       
At 31 March 2023 -                  61,089        9,451          70,540        
Amortisation for the year (Note 4(b)) -                  7,205          15,264        22,469        
At 31 March 2024 -                  68,294        24,715        93,009        
Net carrying amount
At 31 March 2024 26,339        41,493        49,285        117,118      
At 31 March 2023 22,215        38,033        64,549        124,797      
Computer
software
and
licences
RM'000
Company
Cost
At 1 April 2022 12,408        
Additions 2,554          
At 31 March 2023 14,962        
Additions 4,404          
At 31 March 2024 19,366        
108


---- Page 124 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
245244
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
14. Intangible assets (cont'd.)
Computer
software
and
licences
RM'000
Company (cont'd.)
Accumulated amortisation
At 1 April 2022 8,935          
Amortisation for the year (Note 4(b)) 1,295          
At 31 March 2023 10,230        
Amortisation for the year (Note 4(b)) 2,503          
At 31 March 2024 12,733        
Net carrying amount
At 31 March 2024 6,633          
At 31 March 2023 4,732          
15. Leases
(a) The Group and the Company as lessees
The Group and the Company also have certain leases of equipment with lease terms of 12 months or
less and leases of equipments which are of low value. The Group and the Company apply the ‘short-
term lease’ and ‘lease of low-value assets’ recognition exemptions for these leases.
The Group and the Company have lease contracts for various items of equipments and office
buildings used in their operations. Lease of office buildings generally have lease terms between 3 to 6
years, while computer and office equipment generally have lease terms of up to 3 years. The Group's
and the Company's obligations under leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets.
Generally, the Group and the Company are restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased
assets. There are several lease contracts that include extension options, which are further discussed
below.
109
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
15. Leases (cont'd.)
(a) The Group and the Company as lessees (cont'd.)
(i)
Computer
Data Office and office
Centre buildings equipment Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Cost
At 1 April 2022 553             5,734          256             6,543          
Lease modification -                  (171)            (256)            (427)            
Additions during the year -                  296             -                  296             
Termination -                  (846)            -                  (846)            
Foreign exchange translation -                  34               -                  34               
At 31 March 2023 553             5,047          -                  5,600          
Lease modification -                  (408)            -                  (408)            
Additions during the year 686             1,040          -                  1,726          
Termination (553)            (809)            -                  (1,362)         
Foreign exchange translation -                  52               -                  52               
At 31 March 2024 686             4,922          -                  5,608          
Accumulated depreciation 
At 1 April 2022 115             733             141             989             
Lease modification -                  826             (141)            685             
Charge for the year (Note 4(b)) 277             1,127          -                  1,404          
Termination -                  (846)            -                  (846)            
At 31 March 2023 392             1,840          -                  2,232          
Lease modification -                  357             -                  357             
Charge for the year (Note 4(b)) 305             1,225          -                  1,530          
Termination (553)            (809)            -                  (1,362)         
Foreign exchange translation -                  24               -                  24               
At 31 March 2024 144             2,637          -                  2,781          
Net carrying amount
At 31 March 2024 542             2,285          -                  2,827          
At 31 March 2023 161             3,207          -                  3,368          
Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements
during the period:
Right-of-use assets:
Group
110


---- Page 125 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
247246
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
15. Leases (cont'd.)
(a) The Group and the Company as lessees (cont'd.)
(i)
Computer
Office and office
buildings equipment Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Cost
At 1 April 2022 4,218          215             4,433          
Lease derecognised during the year -                  (215)            (215)            
At 31 March 2023 4,218          -                  4,218          
Lease derecognised during the year (4,218)         -                  (4,218)         
Additions 3,471          -                  3,471          
At 31 March 2024 3,471          -                  3,471          
Accumulated depreciation 
At 1 April 2022 3,195          97               3,292          
Charge for the year (Note 4(b)) 1,023          -                  1,023          
Lease derecognised during the year -                  (97)              (97)              
At 31 March 2023 4,218          -                  4,218          
Charge for the year (Note 4(b)) 1,157          -                  1,157          
Lease derecognised during the year (4,218)         -                  (4,218)         
At 31 March 2024 1,157          -                  1,157          
Net carrying amount
At 31 March 2024 2,314          -                  2,314          
At 31 March 2023 -                  -                  -                  
(ii)
Group Company
RM '000 RM '000
At 1 April 2022 5,476          1,073          
Lease modification (1,007)         -                  
Additions 287             -                  
Accretion of interest/profit 125             28               
Payments (1,501)         (1,101)         
Foreign exchange translation 46               -                  
At 31 March 2023 3,426          -                  
Lease modification 687             -                  
Additions 1,725          3,472          
Termination (1,484)         -                  
Accretion of interest/profit 114             151             
Payments (1,576)         (1,250)         
Foreign exchange translation 124             -                  
At 31 March 2024 3,016          2,373          
Lease liabilities:
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period:
Right-of-use assets (cont'd.):
Company
111
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
15. Leases (cont'd.)
(a) The Group and the Company as lessees (cont'd.)
(iii) Extension options
(b) The Group as lessor
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Future minimum rental receivable:
Not later than 1 year 1,709          1,650          
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years 1,257          62               
2,966          1,712          
16. Investments in subsidiaries
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Unquoted shares, at cost:
In Malaysia
At the beginning and end of the year 1,298,106   1,298,106   
Outside Malaysia
At the beginning and end of the year 6,370          6,370          
1,304,476   1,304,476   
The Group has entered into non-cancellable operating lease agreements on its portfolio of self-
occupied properties. These leases have remaining non-cancellable lease terms of between 1 and 3
years. All leases include a clause to enable upward revision of the rental charge on an annual basis
based on prevailing market conditions.
Most of the Group's and the Company's leases on office buildings contain extension options
exercisable by the Group and the Company and not the lessors. At the commencement of a
lease, the Group and the Company assess whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the
options if there is a significant event or significant change in circumstances within their control.
All of the extension options for office buildings have been included in the lease liability because
the Group and Company is reasonably certain that the lease will be extended based on past
practice and the existing economic incentive.
Company
Group
The future minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases contracted
for as at the financial year but not recognised as receivables are as follows:
112


---- Page 126 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
249248
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
16. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd.)
Details of the subsidiaries are as follows:
Name of Country of
subsidiaries incorporation Principal activities 2024 2023
% %
Malaysian Malaysia Underwriting of all classes of general 100 100
Reinsurance reinsurance business and 
Berhad management of family and general 
("Malaysian Re") retakaful businesses
Takaful Ikhlas Malaysia Management of family 100 100
 Family Berhad and investment-linked
("Takaful IKHLAS takaful businesses
Family")
Takaful Ikhlas Malaysia Management of general 100 100
 General Berhad takaful business
("Takaful IKHLAS 
General")
Sinar Seroja Malaysia Family retakaful and general 100 100
 Berhad ("SSB") retakaful businesses
MMIP Malaysia Management of the 100 100
   Services Sdn. Malaysian Motor Insurance Pool which 
Bhd. ("MSSB") provides motor insurance to vehicle
owners who are unable to obtain 
insurance protection for their vehicles
Malaysian Re Dubai, Marketing and 100 100
 (Dubai) Ltd. United Arab promotional activities and
("MRDL")* Emirates servicing of clients on
("UAE") behalf of Malaysian Re
Held through Takaful IKHLAS General:
Hong Leong Malaysia Investment in Shariah compliant 100 -  
 Dana Abadi money market instruments and Sukuk
 ("HLDA") **
*
**
#
Audited by a firm of chartered accountants affiliated to Ernst & Young PLT, Malaysia.
SSB has ceased its operations since December 2017.
ownership interest
Effective
Audited by a firm other than Ernst & Young PLT, Malaysia.
The Board of Directors of MRDL has, on 29 March 2024, passed a director resolution for voluntary 
liquidation of MRDL. A request of license withdrawal to Dubai Financial Service Authority ("DFSA") 
was submitted by MRDL, which subsequently approved and the license was withdrawn effective 10 
July 2024. MRDL has thereon appointed a company based in UAE to act as the liquidator.
#
113
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
17. Investments in associates
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Unquoted shares in Malaysia, at cost 77,615        77,615        
Share of post-acquisition retained profits 83,995        39,373        
Reversal of dividend income (2,983)         (2,583)         
Post-acquisition foreign exchange translation reserve * 16,284        32,985        
174,911      147,390      
Represented by share of net assets 174,911      147,390      
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Unquoted shares in Malaysia, at cost 1,957          1,957          
*
Details of the associates which are all incorporated in Malaysia are as follows:
Name of 
associates Year end Principal activities 2024 2023
%%
Held by the Company:
Motordata    31 December Development and provision 40 40
   Research of a centralised motor
   Consortium parts price database for
   Sdn. Bhd. ** the Malaysian insurance
industry
Held by Malaysian Re:
Labuan 31 December Underwriting of all classes 20 20
   Reinsurance of general reinsurance
   (L) Ltd and retakaful business
   ("Labuan Re")
** 
Group
Company
This is in respect of retranslation of the investment in Labuan Re at the rate of exchange prevailing at
the financial year.
Proportion of
ownership interest
Audited by a firm other than Ernst & Young PLT, Malaysia.
and voting power
The financial statements of the above associates are not co-terminous with those of the Group. For the
purpose of applying the equity method of accounting, the audited financial statements of the associates
for the year ended 31 December 2023 and management financial statements to the end of the
accounting period of 31 March 2024 have been used.
114


---- Page 127 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
251250
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
17. Investments in associates (cont'd.)
2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000
Assets and liabilities:
Current assets 2,424,659   2,687,132   
Non-current assets 58,288        70,525        
Total assets 2,482,947   2,757,657   
Current liabilities 309,582      318,113      
Non-current liabilities 1,299,685   1,826,873   
Total liabilities 1,609,267   2,144,986   
Equity 873,680      612,671      
Results:
Insurance Revenue 659,508      614,181      
Profit for the year (45,796)       (43,762)       
Share of net profit for the year 44,623        15,985        
18. Financial and other assets
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
At carrying value:
Financial assets at FVTPL (a)     4,959,479     3,445,293            5,329            5,181 
Financial assets at FVOCI (b)        626,239     1,803,902          49,809          49,682 
Amortised cost and other assets (c)     5,689,979     4,765,136        243,295          95,183 
  11,275,697   10,014,331        298,433        150,046 
The summarised financial information of the associates, not adjusted for the proportion of ownership
interest held by the Group, are as follows:
Group
The following table summarises the carrying values of financial and other assets of the Group and the
Company:
Company
115
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
18. Financial and other assets (cont'd.)
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Malaysian government securities 301,812      89,773        -                  -                  
Government investment issues 2,161,965   2,100,241   -                  -                  
Unquoted corporate debt securities 740,218      641,148      50,759        50,632        
Commercial paper 59,569        -                  -                  -                  
Equity securities:
Unquoted shares in Malaysia 87,899        87,352        50               50               
Quoted shares in Malaysia 233,403      222,588      -                  -                  
Unquoted perpetual bond in Malaysia 4,964          4,884          -                  -                  
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities     1,675,232     1,742,180 -                                    - 
Shariah approved unit trust funds 356,830      346,407      5,329          5,181          
Real estate investment trusts:
- Shariah approved 14,665        5,859          -                  -                  
- Non-Shariah approved 9,050          8,694          -                  -                  
Fixed and call deposits 970,093      647,571      -                  -                  
Islamic investment accounts 4,482,959   3,972,333   231,517      76,992        
Derivatives (320)            69               -                  -                  
Other receivables and prepayments 177,358      145,232      10,778        17,191        
11,275,697 10,014,331  298,433       150,046      
*
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
(a) Financial assets at FVTPL
At fair value:
Designated upon initial recognition:
Government investment issues 1,532,331   1,414,505   -                  -                  
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 1,386,861   1,436,711   -                  -                  
Malaysian government securities 301,812      -                  -                  -                  
Mandatorily measured:
Government investment issues 379,665      -                  -                  -                  
Quoted shares in Malaysia:
Shariah approved equities 221,166      166,292      -                  -                  
Others 12,237        56,296        -                  -                  
Unquoted perpetual bond
in Malaysia 4,964          4,884          -                  -                  
Unquoted corporate debt 
securities 740,218      5,576          -                  -                  
Company
CompanyGroup
The unquoted corporate debt securities of the Company relate to the subordinated medium term
notes ("sub-debt") issued by the Company's reinsurance subsidiary. The sub-debt carries a tenure of
eight (8) years from issue date on a 8-year, non-callable 5-year basis with a fixed interest rate of
4.38% per annum payable semi-annually in arrears.
Group
* *
116


---- Page 128 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
253252
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
18. Financial and other assets (cont'd.)
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
(a) Financial assets at FVTPL (cont'd.)
At fair value: 
Mandatorily measured (cont'd.):
Shariah approved unit trust 
funds 356,830      346,407      5,329          5,181          
Real estate investment trusts:
- Shariah approved 14,665        5,859          -                  -                  
- Non-Shariah approved 9,050          8,694          -                  -                  
Derivative (i) (320)            69               -                  -                  
4,959,479   3,445,293   5,329          5,181          
(i)
Notional Amount Asset Liability
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2024
Trading derivative: 
Forward foreign exchange contract 68,838        -                  (319)            
2023
Trading derivative: 
Forward foreign exchange contract 195,766      69               -                  
The table below shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments, recorded as assets
(being derivatives which are in a net gain position) or liabilities (being derivatives which are in a
net loss position), together with their notional amounts. The notional amount, recorded gross, is
the amount of a derivatives' underlying asset, reference rate or index and is the basis upon which
changes in the value of derivatives are measured. The notional amounts indicate the volume of
transactions outstanding at the end of the financial year and are neither indicative of the market
risk nor the credit risk.
Forward contracts are customised contracts transacted with a specific counterparty who agrees
to buy or sell a specified asset at a pre-agreed rate at a specified future date. The contracts are
settled at gross at a specified future date and are considered to bear a higher liquidity risk than
futures contracts which are settled on a net basis. It also bears market risks related to the
underlying investments. The Group enters into forward foreign exchange contracts for the
purpose of hedging part of its investment portfolio.
Group Company
117
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
18. Financial and other assets (cont'd.)
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
(b) Financial assets at FVOCI
At fair value:
Malaysian government securities -                  89,773        -                  -                  
Government investment issues 249,969      685,736      -                  -                  
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                  635,572      49,759        49,632        
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 288,371      305,469      -                  -                  
Unquoted shares in Malaysia (ii) 87,666        87,119        -                  -                  
Golf club memberships 233             233             50               50               
626,239      1,803,902   49,809        49,682        
(ii)
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Fair value
As at 1 April 2022 84,648        2,541          87,189        
Fair value movement during the year (35)              (35)              (70)              
As at 31 March 2023      84,613        2,506      87,119 
Fair value movement during the year 354             194             548             
As at 31 March 2024      84,967        2,700      87,667 
Disclosures on expected credit losses recognised on financial assets at FVOCI are disclosed in
Note 31(a).
Group Company
Equity instruments designated at fair value through OCI include investments in equity shares of
non-listed companies. The Group holds non-controlling interests (between 4% and 9%) in these
companies. These investments were irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers
these investments to be strategic in nature.
The pertinent information of the investments in unquoted shares in Malaysia are as follows:
 Financial 
Park 
(Labuan) 
Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysian 
Rating 
Corporation 
Berhad  Total 
118


---- Page 129 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
255254
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
18. Financial and other assets (cont'd.)
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
(c) Financial assets at 
amortised cost
At amortised cost:
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                  -                  1,000          1,000          
Fixed and call deposits with licensed:
Commercial banks 190,239      114,400      -                  -                  
Foreign banks 779,854      533,171      -                  -                  
Islamic investment accounts
   with licensed:
Islamic banks 3,748,889   3,472,984   219,445      66,547        
Development banks 734,070      499,349      12,072        10,445        
Commercial paper 59,569        -                  -                  -                  
Secured staff loans 2,584          3,068          507             569             
Amounts due from subsidiaries * -                  -                  8,835          15,472        
Amounts due from associates * -                  12               -                  -                  
Income due and accrued 112,458      66,502        1,024          442             
Amount due from Insurance 
   Pool accounts 23               48               -                  -                  
Due from Lloyds' syndicate 40,573        50,812        -                  -                  
Sundry receivables 19,318        17,868        266             341             
5,687,577   4,758,214   243,149      94,816        
Other assets:
Other receivables 92               168             -                  -                  
Prepayments 2,310          6,754          146             367             
5,689,979   4,765,136   243,295      95,183        
*
Group Company
All items above, other than other receivables and prepayments, are financial assets measured at
amortised cost. The carrying amounts disclosed above approximate fair value due to their relatively
short term nature. 
The carrying amounts disclosed are non-trade in nature, unsecured, not subject to any
interest/profit elements and repayable on demand.
119
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
18. Financial and other assets (cont'd.)
(d) Average effective interest/profit rate
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Debt securities 4.78% 4.61% 4.48% 4.48%
Staff loans 2.14% 2.33% 3.04% 3.04%
Deposits with financial institutions 3.72% 3.24% 3.63% 3.56%
19. Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
At 1 April, restated 15,017        7,175          3,998          4,435          
Recognised in:
Income statements (Note 12) 2,879          11,448        1,370          (524)            
Tax borne by participants (Note 11) (4,030)         (805)            -                  
Other comprehensive income (3,686)         (2,801)         29               87               
At 31 March 10,180        15,017        5,397          3,998          
2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
   
Deferred tax assets 47,391        36,867        5,397          3,998          
Deferred tax liabilities (37,212)       (21,850)       -                  -                  
10,179        15,017        5,397          3,998          
Group Company
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforeceable right to set-off current
tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relates to the same authority. 
The net deferred tax assets and liabilities shown on the statements of financial position after appropriate
offsetting are as follows:
Group Company
Average effective interest rates for each class of interest-bearing investment and placements with
licensed financial institutions, at net carrying amounts, are as below:
Group Company
120


---- Page 130 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
257256
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
19. Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (cont'd.)
The components and movements of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) during the financial year prior to offsetting are as follows:
Aaccelerated Takaful Revaluation
capital Certificates Financial of land and
allowances Liabilities assets buildings Others Total
Group RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2024
At 1 April 2023, restated (2,742)            12,232          857            (9,568)          14,238       15,016      
Recognised in:
Income statements (Note 12) (657)               3,496            (691)          -                   731            2,879       
Tax borne by participants  (Note 11) (448)               7,552            (11,134)      -                   -                (4,030)      
Other comprehensive income -                     -                    101            (3,787)          -                (3,686)      
At 31 March 2024 (3,847)            23,280          (10,867)     (13,355)        14,969      10,179     
2023
At 1 April 2022, restated (1,487)            (384)              5,876         (9,161)          12,331       7,175        
Recognised in:
Income statements (Note 12) (1,300)            10,951          (144)          -                   1,941         11,448     
Tax borne by participants  (Note 11) 45                  1,665            (2,481)       -                   (34)            (805)          
Other comprehensive income -                     -                    (2,394)       (407)             -                (2,801)      
At 31 March 2023, restated (2,742)            12,232          857           (9,568)          14,238      15,017     
The amendments to section 60AA of the Income Tax Act 1967 has been introduced in Budget 2022 and subsequently gazetted on 31 December
2021 via the Finance Act 2021. Consequent to the amendments, management expenses incurred by the Shareholder’s Fund of family takafuloperators are now allowed as deductible for the purpose of computing taxable income from YA 2022 onwards. Since management expenses arenow deductible under the new amendments, the Group has recognised deferred tax assets of RM 10,956,000 in FYE 2022.
121
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
19. Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (cont'd.)
Unabsorbed/ Unutilised 
accelerated capital business Provisions and Financial Total
allowances losses payables assets
Company RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2024
At 1 April 2023 (178)                      2,000                    2,089                    87                         3,998                          
Recognised in:
Income statements (Note 12) (369)                      -                            1,739                    -                            1,370                          
Other comprehensive income -                            -                            -                            29                         29                               
At 31 March 2024 (547)                      2,000                    3,828                    116                       5,397                          
2023
At 1 April 2022 (535)                      3,600                    1,370                    -                            4,435                          
Recognised in income 
Income statements (Note 12) 357                       (1,600)                   719                       -                            (524)                            
Other comprehensive income -                            -                            -                            87                         87                               
At 31 March 2023 (178)                      2,000                    2,089                    87                         3,998                          
The components and movements of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) during the financial year prior to offsetting are as follows (cont'd.):
122


---- Page 131 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
259258
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
19. Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (cont'd.)
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Unutilised business losses 8,103                    8,103                          
Group
Deferred tax assets in respect of the following items of the Group and the Company have not been recognised as the probability of recognition cannot be
determined with certainty given the lack of assessable profits in current and prior years.
The Finance Act gazetted on 27 December 2018 has imposed a time limitation to restrict the carry forward of the unutilised tax losses. The unutilised tax
losses accumulated up to the year of assessment 2018 are allowed to be carried forward for 7 consecutive years of assessment (i.e. from year ofassessment 2019 to 2025) and any balance of the unutilised losses thereafter shall be disregarded.
Based on the Act, for any unutilised tax losses that originated from the year of assessment 2019 onwards, these were allowed to be carried forward for a
maximum period of 7 consecutive years of assessments immediately following that originating year of assessment and any balance of the unutilised taxlosses thereafter shall be disregarded.
The unutilised tax losses of the Group and the Company are available for offsetting against future taxable profits of the respective entities within the Group, 
subject to no substantial change in shareholdings of those entities under the Income Tax Act 1967 and guidelines issued by the tax authority. 
However, following the Budget 2022 announcement and the gazetting of the Finance Act 2021 on 31 December 2021, any accumulated unutlised tax
losses from the year of assessment 2019 onwards can now be carried forward to a maximum of 10 consecutive years of assessments and any balance of
the unutilised tax losses thereafter shall be disregarded. This will be effective retrospectively from year of assessment 2019 (ie. from year of assessment
2019 to 2028).
123
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities
Assets Liabilities Net Assets Liabilities Net
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Insurance/takaful contracts issued
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA 7,489           (2,931,520)     (2,924,031)     4,170          (2,760,248)    (2,756,078)      
General Takaful - PAA -                  (1,201,019)     (1,201,019)     -                 (1,021,619)    (1,021,619)      
Family Takaful
PAA -                  (51,017)         (51,017)          -                 (36,472)         (36,472)           
Other than PAA 58,845         (4,309,589)     (4,250,744)     60,239        (4,063,872)    (4,003,633)      
Total insurance/takaful contracts issued 66,334         (8,493,145)     (8,426,811)     64,409       (7,882,211)    (7,817,802)      
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA 162,744       (5,681)           157,063         234,857      (22)                234,835          
General Takaful - PAA 319,809       -                    319,809         233,365     -                    233,365          
Family Takaful
PAA 84                (14,991)         (14,907)          6,078          (1,272)           4,806              
Other than PAA 28,444         (11,266)         17,178           49,286       (4,285)           45,001            
Total reinsurance/retakaful contracts held 511,081       (31,938)         479,143         523,586     (5,579)           518,007          
The breakdown of groups of reinsurance and takaful/retakaful contracts issued, and reinsurance/retakaful contracts held, that are in an asset position and those in a liability
position by Group is set out in the table below:
2024 2023
124


---- Page 132 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
261260
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA
Total
Excluding Loss
loss component
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Insurance/takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April (242,717)        36,066           2,925,381   41,518          2,760,248       
Insurance/takaful contracts assets as at 1 April (6,638)           31                  2,437          -                    (4,170)             
Net insurance/takaful contract liabilities/(assets) as at 1 April (249,355)        36,097           2,927,818   41,518          2,756,078       
Insurance/takaful revenue (1,826,265)     -                    -                  -                    (1,826,265)      
Contracts under the fair value approach (660,003)        -                    -                  -                    (660,003)         
New contracts and contracts under full retrospective approach (1,166,262)     -                    -                  -                    (1,166,262)      
Insurance/takaful service expense 101,789         33,006           1,258,299  -                    1,393,094       
Insurance/takaful service result (1,724,476)     33,006           1,258,299  -                    (433,171)         
Insurance/takaful finance expenses 45,106           1,429             54,857       26,279          127,671          
Effect of movements in exchange rates 2,756             2,264             81,507       -                    86,527            
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (1,676,614)     36,699           1,394,663  26,279          (218,973)         
Cash flows
Premium/contributions received 1,609,041      -                    -                  -                    1,609,041       
Qard received/paid -                    -                    -                 50                 50                   
Claims and other expenses paid -                    -                    (1,020,022) -                     (1,020,022)      
Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows (103,533)        -                    -                  -                    (103,533)         
Total cash flows 1,505,508      -                    (1,020,022) 50                 485,536          
Other movements (26,332)         (144)               (72,134)      -                    (98,610)           
Net  insurance/takaful contract liabilities/(assets) as at 31 March (446,793)        72,652           3,230,325  67,847          2,924,031       
Insurance/takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March (431,737)        72,448           3,222,962   67,847          2,931,520       
Insurance/takaful contract assets as at 31 March (15,056)         204                7,363         -                    (7,489)             
Net  insurance/takaful contract liabilities/(assets) as at 31 March (446,793)        72,652           3,230,325  67,847          2,924,031       
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability forincurred claims.
2024
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage Liabilities 
for 
incurred 
claims
Unallocated 
surplus and 
Qard i
125
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA (continued)
Total
Excluding Loss
loss component
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Insurance/takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April (181,583)        8,147             2,662,168   33,603          2,522,335       
Insurance/takaful contracts assets as at 1 April (2,217)           -                    1,744         -                    (473)                
Net insurance/takaful contract liabilities/(assets) as at 1 April (183,800)        8,147             2,663,912   33,603          2,521,862       
Insurance/takaful revenue (1,458,128)     -                    -                  -                    (1,458,128)      
Contracts under the fair value approach (1,094,272)     -                    -                  -                    (1,094,272)      
New contracts and contracts under full retrospective approach (363,856)        -                    -                  -                    (363,856)         
Insurance/takaful service expense 94,239           27,066           1,272,825  -                    1,394,130       
Insurance/takaful service result (1,363,889)     27,066           1,272,825  -                    (63,998)           
Insurance/takaful finance expenses 22,841           198                2,920          7,809            33,768            
Effect of movements in exchange rates 1,065             686                8,031         -                    9,782              
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (1,339,983)     27,950           1,283,776  7,809            (20,448)           
Cash flows
Premium/contributions received 1,381,308      -                    -                  -                    1,381,308       
Qard received/paid -                    -                    -                 106               106                 
Claims and other expenses paid -                    -                    (979,094)    -                    (979,094)         
Insurance/takaful acquisition cash flows (88,888)         -                    -                  -                    (88,888)           
Total cash flows 1,292,420      -                    (979,094)    106               313,432          
Other movements (17,992)         -                    (40,776)      -                    (58,768)           
Net  insurance/takaful contract liabilities/(assets) as at 31 March (249,355)        36,097           2,927,818  41,518          2,756,078       
Insurance/takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March (242,717)        36,066           2,925,381   41,518          2,760,248       
Insurance/takaful contract assets as at 31 March (6,638)           31                  2,437          -                    (4,170)             
Net  insurance/takaful contract liabilities/(assets) as at 31 March (249,355)        36,097           2,927,818  41,518          2,756,078       
2023
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage
Liabilities 
for 
incurred 
claims
Unallocated 
surplus and 
Qard i
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
126


---- Page 133 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
263262
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA (continued)
i Qard
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Opening balance 36,061           36,294       20,727          20,617            
Provision Qard during the year -                    (233)           11,478          110                 
Closing balance 36,061           36,061       32,205          20,727            
The balance and reconciliations of fulfillment cash flows include obligations to repay Qard advanced by the Shareholder's Fund to the General and Family Retakaful
Funds. Qard was advanced by the Shareholder's Fund in compliance with the requirements set out in paragraph 19 of the BNM Takaful Operating Framework.Consistent with those requirements, the amount does not bear interest. The amount is repayable, and if to the extent, the General and Family Retakaful Funds haveavailable resources. In accordance with Paragraph 19.4 of the BNM TOF, the Shareholder's Fund has determined a time period during which the Qard shall be repaidand consequently the period beyond which any unpaid Qard will be deemed irrecoverable and the outstanding amount forgiven. The table below reconciles the nominalvalue of the Qard included in fulfillment cash flows:
General Retakaful Fund Family Retakaful Fund
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
127
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
General Takaful (PAA)
Total
Excluding
loss
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 330,301       1,880             466,487         49,626        173,325        1,021,619       
Takaful contracts assets as at 1 April -                  -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 1 April 330,301       1,880             466,487         49,626       173,325        1,021,619       
Takaful revenue (801,376)      -                    -                    -                  -                    (801,376)         
Takaful service expense 172,206       769                491,665         1,787         -                    666,427          
Takaful finance expenses 5,527           245                13,511           1,525          14,484          35,292            
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (623,643)      1,014             505,176         3,312         14,484          (99,657)           
Cash flows
Contributions received 676,946       -                    -                    -                  -                    676,946          
Claim and other expenses paid -                  -                    (398,906)        -                  -                    (398,906)         
Total cash flows 676,946       -                    (398,906)        -                 -                    278,040          
Other movements -                  -                    -                    -                 1,017            1,017              
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March 383,604       2,894             572,757         52,938       188,826        1,201,019       
Takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March 383,604       2,894             572,757         52,938        188,826        1,201,019       
Takaful contract assets as at 31 March -                  -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March 383,604       2,894             572,757         52,938       188,826        1,201,019       
Risk 
adjustment
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage
Liability for incurred 
claims
Unallocated 
Surplus
Loss 
component
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
128


---- Page 134 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
265264
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
General Takaful (PAA) (cont'd)
Total
Excluding
loss
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Takaful contract liabilities as at 1 April 277,972       2,262             381,414         44,100        165,797        871,545          
Takaful contract assets as at 1 April -                  -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 1 April 277,972       2,262             381,414         44,100       165,797        871,545          
Takaful revenue (606,292)      -                    -                    -                  -                    (606,292)         
Takaful service expense 128,768       (493)              400,270         5,004         -                    533,549          
Takaful service result (477,524)      (493)              400,270         5,004         -                    (72,743)           
Takaful finance expenses 5,065           111                4,007             522             7,528            17,233            
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (472,459)      (382)              404,277         5,526         7,528            (55,510)           
Cash flows
Contributions received 524,788       -                    -                    -                  -                    524,788          
Claim and other expenses paid -                  -                    (319,204)        -                  -                    (319,204)         
Total cash flows 524,788       -                    (319,204)        -                 -                    205,584          
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March 330,301       1,880             466,487         49,626       173,325        1,021,619       
Takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March 330,301       1,880             466,487         49,626        173,325        1,021,619       
Takaful contract assets as at 31 March -                  -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March 330,301       1,880             466,487         49,626       173,325        1,021,619       
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage
Liability for incurred 
claims
Unallocated 
Surplus
Loss 
component
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
Risk 
adjustment
129
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA
Total
Excluding Loss
loss component
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 3,436,445      2,895             194,964      429,568        4,063,872       
Takaful contracts assets as at 1 April (60,239)         -                    -                  -                    (60,239)           
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 1 April 3,376,206      2,895             194,964      429,568        4,003,633       
Takaful revenue (400,404)        -                    -                  -                    (400,404)         
Contracts under the fair value approach (136,569)        -                    -                  -                    (136,569)         
New contracts and contracts under full retrospective approach (263,835)        -                    -                  -                    (263,835)         
Takaful service expense 45,796           10,523           254,952     -                    311,271          
Investment components (192,295)        -                    192,295     -                    -                      
Takaful service result (546,903)        10,523           447,247     -                    (89,133)           
Takaful finance expenses 249,019         -                    -                  41,429          290,448          
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (297,884)        10,523           447,247     41,429          201,315          
Cash flows
Contributions received / paid 637,491         -                    -                  -                    637,491          
Claims paid, including investment components -                    -                    (421,626)    -                    (421,626)         
Administration and other expenses -                    -                    (34,329)      -                    (34,329)           
Takaful acquisition cash flows (113,785)        -                    -                  -                    (113,785)         
Total cash flows 523,706         -                    (455,955)    -                    67,751            
Other movements 98,020           -                    (122,850)    2,875            (21,955)           
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March 3,700,048      13,418           63,406       473,872        4,250,744       
Takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March 3,756,507      13,418           65,792        473,872        4,309,589       
Takaful contract assets as at 31 March (56,459)         -                    (2,386)        -                    (58,845)           
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 31 March 3,700,048      13,418           63,406       473,872        4,250,744       
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage
Liabilities 
for 
incurred 
claims
Unallocated 
Surplus
130


---- Page 135 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
267266
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA (cont'd)
Total
Excluding Loss
loss component
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 3,099,576      584                250,512      413,365        3,764,037       
Ttakaful contracts assets as at 1 April (64,920)         -                    -                  -                    (64,920)           
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 1 April 3,034,656      584                250,512      413,365        3,699,117       
Takaful revenue (389,179)        -                    -                  -                    (389,179)         
Contracts under the fair value approach (123,111)        -                    -                  -                    (123,111)         
New contracts and contracts under full retrospective approach (266,068)        -                    -                  -                    (266,068)         
Takaful service expense 30,441           2,311             326,835     -                    359,587          
Investment components (158,883)        -                    158,883     -                    -                      
Takaful service result (517,621)        2,311             485,718     -                    (29,592)           
Takaful finance expenses 149,176         -                    -                  13,010          162,186          
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (368,445)        2,311             485,718     13,010          132,594          
Cash flows
Contributions received / paid 715,010         -                    -                  -                    715,010          
Claims paid, including investment components -                    -                    (411,174)    -                    (411,174)         
Administration and other expenses -                    -                    (33,823)      -                    (33,823)           
Takaful acquisition cash flows (148,117)        -                    -                  -                    (148,117)         
Total cash flows 566,893         -                    (444,997)    -                    121,896          
Other movements 143,102         -                    (96,269)      3,193            50,026            
Net takaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March 3,376,206      2,895             194,964     429,568        4,003,633       
Takaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March 3,436,445      2,895             194,964      429,568        4,063,872       
Takaful contracts assets as at 31 March (60,239)         -                    -                  -                    (60,239)           
Net takaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March 3,376,206      2,895             194,964     429,568        4,003,633       
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage
Liabilities 
for 
incurred 
claims
 Unallocated 
surplus 
131
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  PAA
Total
Excluding
loss
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 4,462           -                    25,618           -                 6,392            36,472            
Takaful contracts assets as at 1 April -                  -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 4,462           -                    25,618           -                 6,392            36,472            
Takaful revenue (71,031)        -                    922                -                  -                    (70,109)           
Takaful service expense 18,957         -                    44,027           -                  -                    62,984            
Investment components (1,607)         -                    1,607             -                  -                    -                      
Takaful service result (53,681)        -                    46,556           -                 -                    (7,125)             
Takaful finance expenses 1,167           -                    -                    -                 7,899            9,066              
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (52,514)        -                    46,556           -                 7,899            1,941              
Cash flows
Premium/contributions received 96,389         -                    -                    -                  -                    96,389            
Qard received/paid -                  -                    (45,079)          -                  -                    (45,079)           
Claims and other expenses paid (171)            -                    (19,579)          -                  -                    (19,750)           
Takaful acquisition cash flows (18,956)        -                    -                    -                  -                    (18,956)           
Total cash flows 77,262         -                    (64,658)          -                 -                    12,604            
Net takaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March 29,210         -                    7,516             -                 14,291          51,017            
Takaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March 29,210         -                    7,516             -                  14,291          51,017            
Takaful contracts assets as at 31 March -                  -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net takaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March 29,210         -                    7,516             -                 14,291          51,017            
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage
Liability for incurred 
claims
Unallocated 
Surplus
Loss 
component
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
Risk 
adjustment
132


---- Page 136 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
269268
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  PAA (cont'd)
Total
Excluding
loss
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 18,637         -                    23,111           -                  -                    41,748            
Takaful contracts assets as at 1 April -                  -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net takaful contract liabilities as at 1 April 18,637         -                    23,111           -                  -                    41,748            
Takaful revenue (70,017)        -                    939                -                  -                    (69,078)           
Takaful service expense 13,499         -                    52,822           -                  -                    66,321            
Investment components (1,475)         -                    1,475             -                  -                    -                      
Takaful service result (57,993)        -                    55,236           -                 -                    (2,757)             
Takaful finance expenses (2,636)         -                    -                    -                 6,392            3,756              
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (60,629)        -                    55,236           -                 6,392            999                 
Cash flows
Premium/contributions received 62,012         -                    -                    -                  -                    62,012            
Qard received/paid -                  -                    (49,313)          -                  -                    (49,313)           
Claims and other expenses paid (2,058)         -                    (3,416)            -                  -                    (5,474)             
Takaful acquisition cash flows (13,500)        -                    -                    -                  -                    (13,500)           
Total cash flows 46,454         -                    (52,729)          -                 -                    (6,275)             
Net takaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March 4,462           -                    25,618           -                 6,392            36,472            
Takaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March 4,462           -                    25,618           -                 6,392            36,472            
Takaful contracts assets as at 31 March -                  -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net takaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March 4,462           -                    25,618           -                 6,392            36,472            
Loss 
component
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
Risk 
adjustment
2023
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage
Liability for incurred 
claims
Unallocated 
Surplus
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
133
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA 
Total
Excluding Loss
loss recovery recovery
component component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts assets as at 1 April (49,453)          4,851          279,459        234,857          
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April (22)                 -                  -                    (22)                  
Net reinsurance/retakaful contract (liabilities)/assets as at 1 April (49,475)          4,851         279,459        234,835          
Allocation of premium/contributions (263,589)        -                  -                    (263,589)         
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers/retakaful operators -                    23,468        149,816        173,284          
Net income or expense from contracts held (263,589)        23,468       149,816        (90,305)           
Reinsurance/retakaful finance expenses (3,303)            167             4,771            1,635              
Effect of movements in exchange rates 1,394             833             1,704            3,931              
Total changes in the income statement (265,498)        24,468       156,291        (84,739)           
Cash flows
Premium/contributions paid 168,399         -                 (5,375)           163,024          
Amounts received -                    -                 (156,057)       (156,057)         
Total cash flows 168,399         -                 (161,432)       6,967              
Net reinsurance/retakaful contracts (liabilities)/assets as at 31 March (146,574)        29,319       274,318        157,063          
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts assets as at 31 March (140,877)        29,319        274,302        162,744          
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March (5,697)            -                 16                 (5,681)             
Net reinsurance/retakaful contracts (liabilities)/assets as at 31 March (146,574)        29,319       274,318        157,063          
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage
Liabilities for 
incurred 
claims
134


---- Page 137 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
271270
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (cont'd)
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA (continued)
Total
Excluding Loss
loss recovery recovery
component component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts assets as at 1 April (19,537)          -                 387,891        368,354          
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April (59)                 -                  -                    (59)                  
Net reinsurance/retakaful contract (liabilities)/assets as at 1 April (19,596)          -                 387,891        368,295          
Allocation of premium/contributions (121,142)        -                  -                    (121,142)         
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers/retakaful operators -                    4,948          63,532          68,480            
Net income or expense from contracts held (121,142)        4,948         63,532          (52,662)           
Reinsurance/retakaful finance expenses 446                17              5,944            6,407              
Effect of movements in exchange rates 66                  (114)           (19)                (67)                  
Total changes in the income statement (120,630)        4,851         69,457          (46,322)           
Cash flows
Premium/contributions paid 90,751           -                  -                    90,751            
Amounts received -                    -                 (177,889)       (177,889)         
Total cash flows 90,751           -                 (177,889)       (87,138)           
Net reinsurance/retakaful contracts (liabilities)/assets as at 31 March (49,475)          4,851         279,459        234,835          
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts assets as at 31 March (49,453)          4,851          279,459        234,857          
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March (22)                 -                  -                    (22)                  
Net reinsurance/retakaful contracts (liabilities)/assets as at 31 March (49,475)          4,851         279,459        234,835          
Liabilities for 
remaining coverage
Liabilities for 
incurred 
claims
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
135
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (cont'd)
General Takaful - PAA
Total
Excluding
loss
recovery
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Retakaful contracts assets as at 1 April 49,426           (199)               163,552      20,586          233,365          
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 1 April 49,426           (199)               163,552     20,586          233,365          
Allocation of retakaful contributions (223,574)        -                    -                  -                    (223,574)         
Amounts recoverable from retakaful operators (2,486)           145                173,010      1,549            172,218          
Net income or expense from retakaful contracts held (226,060)        145                173,010     1,549            (51,356)           
Retakaful finance income -                    (7)                  5,307         652               5,952              
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (226,060)        138                178,317     2,201            (45,404)           
Cash flows
Contributions paid 219,331         -                    -                  -                    219,331          
Amounts received 3,281             -                    (92,483)      -                    (89,202)           
Total cash flows 222,612         -                    (92,483)      -                    130,129          
Other movements (1,445)           (74)                 3,238          -                    1,719              
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March 44,533           (135)               252,624     22,787          319,809          
Retakaful contracts assets as at 31 March 44,533           (135)               252,624      22,787          319,809          
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March 44,533           (135)               252,624     22,787          319,809          
Loss 
recovery 
component
Estimates 
of the 
PVFCF
Risk 
adjustment
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
Assets for 
remaining coverage
Amounts recoverable: 
claims incurred
136


---- Page 138 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
273272
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (cont'd)
General Takaful - PAA (cont'd)
Total
Excluding
loss
recovery
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Retakaful contracts assets as at 1 April 32,189           -                    157,082      18,449          207,720          
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net retakaful contracts assets as at 1 April 32,189           -                    157,082     18,449          207,720          
Allocation of retakaful contributions (148,073)        -                    -                  -                    (148,073)         
Amounts recoverable from retakaful operators (1,965)           (199)               118,427      1,914            118,177          
Net income or expense from retakaful contracts held (150,038)        (199)               118,427     1,914            (29,896)           
Retakaful finance income -                    -                    1,522         223               1,745              
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss (150,038)        (199)               119,949     2,137            (28,151)           
Cash flows
Contributions paid 165,636         -                    -                  -                    165,636          
Amounts received 3,119             -                    (113,479)    -                    (110,360)         
Total cash flows 168,755         -                    (113,479)    -                    55,276            
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March 50,906           (199)               163,552     20,586          234,845          
Retakaful contracts assets as at 31 March 50,906           (199)               163,552      20,586          234,845          
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March 50,906           (199)               163,552     20,586          234,845          
Loss 
recovery 
component
Estimates 
of the 
PVFCF
Risk 
adjustment
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
Assets for 
remaining coverage
Amounts recoverable: 
claims incurred
137
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA (cont'd)
Total
Excluding
loss
recovery
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Retakaful contracts assets as at 1 April (13,702)         -                    58,486        4,502            49,286            
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April (14,727)         -                    10,442       -                    (4,285)             
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 1 April (28,429)         -                    68,928       4,502            45,001            
Allocation of retakaful contributions (82,665)         -                    -                  -                    (82,665)           
Amounts recoverable from retakaful operators (2,907)           34                  69,684       (604)              66,207            
Net income or expense from retakaful contractss held (85,572)         34                  69,684       (604)              (16,458)           
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (85,572)         34                  69,684       (604)              (16,458)           
Cash flows
Contributions received / paid 85,353           -                    -                  -                    85,353            
Claims paid, including investment components 2,907             -                    (88,479)      -                    (85,572)           
Total cash flows 88,260           -                    (88,479)      -                    (219)                
Other movements (14,196)         (70)                 3,120          -                    (11,146)           
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March (39,937)         (36)                 53,253       3,898            17,178            
Retakaful contracts assets as at 31 March (16,198)         (36)                 40,780       3,898            28,444            
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March (23,739)         -                    12,473       -                    (11,266)           
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March (39,937)         (36)                 53,253       3,898            17,178            
Loss 
recovery 
component
Estimates 
of the 
PVFCF
Risk 
adjustment
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
Assets for 
remaining coverage
Amounts recoverable: 
claims incurred
138


---- Page 139 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
275274
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA (cont'd)
Total
Excluding
loss
recovery
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Retakaful contracts assets as at 1 April (20,517)         -                    52,598        4,034            36,115            
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April (9,483)           -                    8,022         -                    (1,461)             
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 1 April (30,000)         -                    60,620       4,034            34,654            
Allocation of retakaful contributions (94,721)         -                    -                  -                    (94,721)           
Amounts recoverable from retakaful operators -                    -                    76,261        468               76,729            
Net income or expense from retakaful contractss held (94,721)         -                    76,261       468               (17,992)           
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (94,721)         -                    76,261       468               (17,992)           
Cash flows
Contributions received / paid 94,720           -                    -                  -                    94,720            
Claims paid, including investment components -                    -                    (71,533)      -                    (71,533)           
Total cash flows 94,720           -                    (71,533)      -                    23,187            
Other movements 1,572             -                    3,580         -                    5,152              
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March (28,429)         -                    68,928       4,502            45,001            
Retakaful contracts assets as at 31 March (13,702)         -                    58,486        4,502            49,286            
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March (14,727)         -                    10,442       -                    (4,285)             
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March (28,429)         -                    68,928       4,502            45,001            
Loss 
recovery 
component
Estimates 
of the 
PVFCF
Risk 
adjustment
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
Assets for 
remaining coverage
Amounts recoverable: 
claims incurred
139
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  PAA
Total
Excluding
loss
recovery
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Retakaful contracts assets as at 1 April (2,927)           -                    9,005         -                    6,078              
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April -                    -                    (1,272)        -                    (1,272)             
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 1 April (2,927)           -                    7,733         -                    4,806              
Allocation of retakaful contributions (34,924)         -                    -                  -                    (34,924)           
Amounts recoverable from retakaful operators -                    -                    23,069       -                    23,069            
Net income or expense from retakaful contractss held (34,924)         -                    23,069       -                    (11,855)           
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (34,924)         -                    23,069       -                    (11,855)           
Cash flows
Contributions received 25,548           -                    -                  -                    25,548            
Claims paid, including investment components -                    -                    (27,575)      -                    (27,575)           
Total cash flows 25,548           -                    (27,575)      -                    (2,027)             
Other movements (5,290)           -                    (541)           -                    (5,831)             
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March (17,593)         -                    2,686         -                    (14,907)           
Retakaful contracts assets as at 31 March (2,602)           -                    2,686         -                    84                   
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March (14,991)         -                    -                  -                    (14,991)           
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March (17,593)         -                    2,686         -                    (14,907)           
Loss 
recovery 
component
Estimates 
of the 
PVFCF
Risk 
adjustment
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
Assets for 
remaining coverage
Amounts recoverable: 
claims incurred
140


---- Page 140 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
277276
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  PAA (cont'd)
Total
Excluding
loss
recovery
component
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Retakaful contracts assets as at 1 April -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April (3,689)           -                    1,596         -                    (2,093)             
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 1 April (3,689)           -                    1,596         -                    (2,093)             
Allocation of retakaful contributions (3,600)           -                    -                  -                    (3,600)             
Amounts recoverable from retakaful operators -                    -                    4,523         -                    4,523              
Net income or expense from retakaful contractss held (3,600)           -                    4,523         -                    923                 
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (3,600)           -                    4,523         -                    923                 
Cash flows
Contributions received 4,887             -                    -                  -                    4,887              
Claims paid, including investment components -                    -                    1,185         -                    1,185              
Total cash flows 4,887             -                    1,185         -                    6,072              
Other movements (525)              -                    429            -                    (96)                  
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March (2,927)           -                    7,733         -                    4,806              
Retakaful contracts assets as at 31 March (2,927)           -                    9,005         -                    6,078              
Retakaful contracts liabilities as at 31 March -                    -                    (1,272)        -                    (1,272)             
Net retakaful contracts assets/(liabilities) as at 31 March (2,927)           -                    7,733         -                    4,806              
Loss 
recovery 
component
Estimates 
of the 
PVFCF
Risk 
adjustment
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
Assets for 
remaining coverage
Amounts recoverable: 
claims incurred
141
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA
Risk Contractual Unallocated
adjustment service Surplus and
margin Qard Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Insurance/takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 1,891,979      344,870         481,881      41,518          2,760,248       
Insurance/takaful contracts assets as at 1 April (13,006)         2,081             6,755         -                    (4,170)             
Net insurance/takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 1,878,973      346,951         488,636      41,518          2,756,078       
Changes that relate to current services
Contractual service margin recognised for services received -                    -                    (414,532)    -                    (414,532)         
Risk adjustment for the risk expired -                    (125,391)        -                  -                    (125,391)         
Experience adjustments 54,401           77,301           102,244     -                    233,946          
Changes that relate to future services
Contracts initially recognised in the period (347,897)        100,852         272,531     -                    25,486            
Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin 61,517           7,266             (68,743)      -                    40                   
Changes in estimates that do not adjust the contractual service margin 17,642           (10,231)          -                  -                    7,411              
Changes that relate to past services
Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in LIC (86,986)         (73,145)          -                  -                    (160,131)         
Insurance/takaful service results (301,323)        (23,348)          (108,500)    -                    (433,171)         
Insurance/takaful  finance income 71,499           10,430           19,463       26,279          127,671          
Effect of movements in exchange rates 68,240           11,116           7,171         -                    86,527            
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (161,584)        (1,802)            (81,866)      26,279          (218,973)         
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
The table below presents a roll-forward of the net asset or liability for insurance/takaful contracts issued and reinsurance/retakaful contracts held, showing estimates of
the present value of future cash flows, risk adjustment and CSM. 
2024
142


---- Page 141 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
279278
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA (cont'd)
Risk Contractual Unallocated
adjustment service Surplus and
margin Qard Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Cash flows
Contributions received 1,609,041      -                    -                  -                    1,609,041       
Qard received/paid -                    -                    -                 50                 50                   
Claims and other expenses paid including investment components (1,020,022)     -                    -                  -                    (1,020,022)      
Takaful acquisition cash flows (103,533)        -                    -                  -                    (103,533)         
Total cash flows 485,486         -                    -                 50                 485,536          
Other movements (97,260)         1,086             (2,436)        -                    (98,610)           
Net contract liabilities as at 31 March 2,105,615      346,235         404,334     67,847          2,924,031       
Contract liabilities as at 31 March 2,121,433      344,240         398,000      67,847          2,931,520       
Contract assets as at 31 March (15,818)         1,995             6,334         -                    (7,489)             
Net contract liabilities as at 31 March 2,105,615      346,235         404,334     67,847          2,924,031       
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
143
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA
Risk Contractual Unallocated
adjustment service Surplus and
margin Qard Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Insurance/takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 1,829,328      295,445         363,959      33,603          2,522,335       
Insurance/takaful contracts assets as at 1 April (788)              291                24              -                    (473)                
Net insurance/takaful contracts liabilities as at 1 April 1,828,540      295,736         363,983      33,603          2,521,862       
Changes that relate to current services
Contractual service margin recognised for services received -                    -                    (233,986)    -                    (233,986)         
Risk adjustment for the risk expired -                    (97,892)          -                  -                    (97,892)           
Experience adjustments 194,015         74,126           108,704     -                    376,845          
Changes that relate to future services
Contracts initially recognised in the period (422,304)        117,381         324,747     -                    19,824            
Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin 68,942           17,754           (89,990)      -                    (3,294)             
Changes in estimates that do not adjust the contractual service margin 16,208           (5,472)            -                  -                    10,736            
Changes that relate to past services
Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability for incurred claims (77,203)         (59,028)          -                  -                    (136,231)         
Insurance/takaful service results (220,342)        46,869           109,475     -                    (63,998)           
Insurance/takaful  finance income 10,729           3,024             12,206        7,809            33,768            
Effect of changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers/retakaful operators -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Effect of movements in exchange rates 8,981             1,321             (520)           -                    9,782              
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (200,632)        51,214           121,161     7,809            (20,448)           
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
144


---- Page 142 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
281280
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA (cont'd)
Risk Contractual Unallocated
adjustment service Surplus and
margin Qard Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Cash flows
Contributions received 1,381,308      -                    -                  -                    1,381,308       
Qard received/paid -                    -                    -                 106               106                 
Claims and other expenses paid including investment components (979,094)        -                    -                  -                    (979,094)         
Takaful acquisition cash flows (88,888)         -                    -                  -                    (88,888)           
Total cash flows 313,326         -                    -                 106               313,432          
Other movements (62,261)         -                    3,493         -                    (58,768)           
Net contract liabilities as at 31 March 1,878,973      346,950         488,637     41,518          2,756,078       
Contract liabilities as at 31 March 1,891,979      344,870         481,881      41,518          2,760,248       
Contract assets as at 31 March (13,006)         2,080             6,756         -                    (4,170)             
Net contract liabilities as at 31 March 1,878,973      346,950         488,637     41,518          2,756,078       
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
145
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA
Risk Contractual Unallocated
adjustment service Surplus and
margin Qard Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Contract liabilities as at 1 April 3,561,293      7,973             65,038        429,568        4,063,872       
Contract assets as at 1 April (284,348)        21,933           202,176     -                    (60,239)           
Net contract liabilities as at 1 April 3,276,945      29,906           267,214      429,568        4,003,633       
Changes that relate to current services
Contractual service margin recognised for services received -                    -                    (23,456)      -                    (23,456)           
Risk adjustment for the risk expired -                    (7,623)            -                  -                    (7,623)             
Experience adjustments (44,188)         -                    -                  -                    (44,188)           
Changes that relate to future services
Contracts initially recognised in the period (53,717)         6,950             54,537       -                    7,770              
Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin 55,563           (492)               (55,071)      -                    -                      
Changes in estimates that do not adjust the contractual service margin 2,753             -                    -                  -                    2,753              
Changes that relate to past services
Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability for incurred claims (19,679)         (4,710)            -                  -                    (24,389)           
Insurance/takaful  finance income 246,281         640                2,111         -                    249,032          
Unallocated surplus attributable to participants -                    -                    -                  41,416          41,416            
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI 187,013         (5,235)            (21,879)      41,416          201,315          
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
146


---- Page 143 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
283282
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA
Risk Contractual Unallocated
adjustment service Surplus and
margin Qard Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Cash flows
Contributions paid 637,491         -                    -                  -                    637,491          
Claims paid, including investment components (425,287)        3,661             -                  -                    (421,626)         
Administration and other expenses (34,329)         -                    -                  -                    (34,329)           
Takaful acquisition cash flows (113,785)        -                    -                  -                    (113,785)         
Total cash flows 64,090           3,661             -                 -                    67,751            
Other movements (24,843)         -                    -                 2,888            (21,955)           
Net contract liabilities as at 31 March 3,503,205      28,332           245,335     473,872        4,250,744       
Contract liabilities as at 31 March 3,766,171      7,581             61,965        473,872        4,309,589       
Contract assets as at 31 March (262,966)        20,751           183,370     -                    (58,845)           
Net contract liabilities as at 31 March 3,503,205      28,332           245,335     473,872        4,250,744       
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
147
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA
Risk Contractual Unallocated
adjustment service Surplus and
margin Qard Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Contract liabilities as at 1 April 3,309,194      6,935             34,543        413,365        3,764,037       
Contract assets as at 1 April (239,308)        20,051           154,337     -                    (64,920)           
Net contract assets/(liabilities) as at 1 April 3,069,886      26,986           188,880      413,365        3,699,117       
Changes that relate to current services
Contractual service margin recognised for services received -                    -                    (23,311)      -                    (23,311)           
Risk adjustment for the risk expired -                    (9,227)            -                  -                    (9,227)             
Experience adjustments 5,712             -                    -                  -                    5,712              
Changes that relate to future services
Contracts initially recognised in the period (59,415)         7,157             55,407       -                    3,149              
Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin (48,603)         3,950             44,653       -                    -                      
Changes in estimates that do not adjust the contractual service margin (838)              -                    -                  -                    (838)                
Changes that relate to past services
Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in LIC -                    (5,077)            -                  -                    (5,077)             
Insurance/takaful  finance income 147,393         198                1,585         -                    149,176          
Unallocated surplus attributable to participants -                    -                    -                  13,010          13,010            
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI 44,249           (2,999)            78,334       13,010          132,594          
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
148


---- Page 144 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
285284
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA
Risk Contractual Unallocated
adjustment service Surplus and
margin Qard Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Cash flows
Contributions paid 715,010         -                    -                  -                    715,010          
Claims paid, including investment components (417,093)        5,919             -                  -                    (411,174)         
Administration and other expenses (33,823)         -                    -                  -                    (33,823)           
Takaful acquisition cash flows (148,117)        -                    -                  -                    (148,117)         
Total cash flows 115,977         5,919             -                 -                    121,896          
Other movements 46,833           -                    -                 3,193            50,026            
Net contract liabilities as at 31 March 3,276,945      29,906           267,214     429,568        4,003,633       
Contract assets as at 31 March 3,561,293      7,973             65,038        429,568        4,063,872       
Contract liabilities as at 31 March (284,348)        21,933           202,176     -                    (60,239)           
Net contract liabilities as at 31 March 3,276,945      29,906           267,214     429,568        4,003,633       
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2023
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
149
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA
Risk Contractual Risk Contractual 
adjustment service adjustment service
margin Total margin Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Contract assets as at 1 April 183,479       27,251        24,127         234,857         334,496         33,767        91                 368,354          
Contract liabilities as at 1 April (24)              -                  2                  (22)                (59)                 -                  -                    (59)                  
Net contract assets as at 1 April 183,455       27,251        24,129         234,835         334,437         33,767        91                 368,295          
Changes that relate to current services
Contractual service margin recognised 
for services received -                  -                 (93,551)        (93,551)         -                    -                 (28,941)         (28,941)           
Risk adjustment for the risk expired -                  (10,878)      -                  (10,878)         -                    (6,771)        -                    (6,771)             
Experience adjustments (95,172)       21,348       24,835         (48,989)         (82,631)          1,023          2,575            (79,033)           
Changes that relate to future services
Contracts initially recognised in the 
period (189,804)     20,097        181,469       11,762           (62,315)          16,523        49,189          3,397              
Changes in estimates that adjust the 
contractual service margin 81,710        964             (82,674)        -                    (699)               325             374               -                      
Changes in estimates that do not 
adjust the contractual service margin 27,985        (16,277)      -                  11,708           1,295             257            -                    1,552              
Changes that relate to past services
Changes in amounts recoverable 
arising from changes in LIC 50,603        (10,960)      -                  39,643           74,794           (17,661)      -                    57,133            
Insurance/takaful  finance income 5,101          (8,859)        5,393           1,635             5,305             (79)             1,181            6,407              
Effect of movements in exchange rates 1,457          646            1,828           3,931             406                (133)           (340)              (67)                  
Total changes in the statement of profit 
or loss and OCI (118,120)     (3,919)        37,300         (84,739)         (63,845)          (6,516)        24,038          (46,323)           
Estimates 
of the 
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024 2023
150


---- Page 145 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
287286
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA (cont'd)
Risk Contractual Risk Contractual 
adjustment service adjustment service
margin Total margin Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Cash flows
Contributions paid 163,024      -                  -                  163,024         90,791           -                  -                    90,791            
Amounts received (156,057)     -                  -                  (156,057)        (177,928)        -                  -                    (177,928)         
Total cash flows 6,967          -                 -                  6,967             (87,137)          -                 -                    (87,137)           
Net contract assets as at 31 March 72,302        23,332       61,429         157,063         183,455         27,251       24,129          234,835          
Contract assets as at 31 March 85,349        22,180       55,215         162,744         183,479         27,251       24,127          234,857          
Contract liabilities as at 31 March (13,047)       1,152          6,214           (5,681)           (24)                 -                  2                   (22)                  
Net contract assets as at 31 March 72,302        23,332       61,429         157,063         183,455         27,251       24,129          234,835          
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024 2023
Estimates 
of the 
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
151
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
a)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA
Risk Total Risk Total
adjustment adjustment
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Contract assets as at 1 April 45,466         3,820             49,286           32,635        3,480            36,115            
Contract liabilities as at 1 April (4,967)         682                (4,285)            (2,015)        554               (1,461)             
Net contract assets as at 1 April 40,499         4,502             45,001           30,620        4,034            34,654            
Changes that relate to current services
Contractual service margin recognised for services received (17,073)        -                    (17,073)          -                  -                    -                      
Risk adjustment for the risk expired -                  928                928                -                  -                    -                      
Experience adjustments (378)            (3)                  (381)               (17,992)      -                    (17,992)           
Changes that relate to future services
Contracts initially recognised in the period 664              (154)              510                -                  -                    -                      
Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin (368)            (90)                (458)               -                  -                    -                      
Insurance/takaful  finance income 21                (5)                  16                  -                  -                    -                      
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (17,134)        676                (16,458)          (17,992)      -                    (17,992)           
Cash flows
Contributions received / paid 85,353         -                    85,353           94,720       -                    94,720            
Claims paid, including investment components (84,968)        (604)              (85,572)          (72,001)      468               (71,533)           
Total cash flows 385              (604)              (219)               22,719       468               23,187            
Other movements (11,146)        -                    (11,146)          5,152         -                    5,152              
Net contract assets as at 31 March 12,604         4,574             17,178           40,499       4,502            45,001            
Contract assets as at 31 March 24,536         3,908             28,444           45,466        3,820            49,286            
Contract liabilities as at 31 March (11,932)        666                (11,266)          (4,967)        682               (4,285)             
Net contract assets as at 31 March 12,604         4,574             17,178           40,499       4,502            45,001            
Roll-forward of net asset or liability of insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contracts showing the liability for remaining coverage and the liability for
incurred claims (cont'd)
2024 2023
Estimates of 
the PVFCF
Estimates 
of the 
152


---- Page 146 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
289288
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
b)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Contractual service margin as at 1 April 269,927       218,709         488,636         360,148     3,835            363,983          
Changes that relate to current services
Contractual service margin recognised for services provided (171,261)      (141,027)        (312,288)        (41,693)      (83,589)         (125,282)         
Changes that relate to future services
Contracts initially recognised in the period -                  272,531         272,531         5                324,742        324,747          
Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin 61,913         (130,656)        (68,743)          (56,216)      (33,774)         (89,990)           
Takaful service result (109,348)      848                (108,500)        (97,904)      207,379        109,475          
Takaful finance expenses 6,954           12,509           19,463           7,574          4,632            12,206            
Effect of movements in exchange rates 265              6,906             7,171             109             (629)              (520)                
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (102,129)      20,263           (81,866)          (90,221)      211,382        121,161          
Other movements -                  (2,436)           (2,436)            -                  3,493            3,493              
Contractual service margin as at 31 March 167,798       236,536         404,334         269,927     218,710        488,637          
The impacts on the current period of transition approaches adopted to establishing CSM (cont'd)
The impact on the current period of the transition approaches adopted to establishing CSMs for reinsurance/takaful contracts portfolios 
2024 2023
Contracts 
using 
the fair 
value 
approach
New 
contracts and 
contracts 
under full 
retrospective 
approach
Total Contracts 
using 
the fair 
value 
approach
New 
contracts 
and 
contracts 
under full 
retrospective 
Total
153
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
b)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Contractual service margin as at 1 April 137,710       129,504         267,214         126,774     62,106          188,880          
Changes that relate to current services
Contractual service margin recognised for services provided (12,480)        (11,018)         (23,498)          (13,222)      (10,089)         (23,311)           
Changes that relate to future services
Contracts initially recognised in the period -                  54,097           54,097           -                  55,407          55,407            
Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin (5,066)         (49,507)         (54,573)          22,963        21,690          44,653            
Takaful service result (17,546)        (6,428)           (23,974)          9,741          67,008          76,749            
Takaful finance expenses 1,373           722                2,095             1,195          390               1,585              
Effect of movements in exchange rates -                  -                    -                    -                  -                    -                      
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (16,173)        (5,706)           (21,879)          10,936        67,398          78,334            
Contractual service margin as at 31 March 121,537       123,798         245,335         137,710     129,504        267,214          
The impacts on the current period of transition approaches adopted to establishing CSM (cont'd)
2024 2023
Contracts 
using 
the fair 
value 
approach
New 
contracts and 
contracts 
under full 
retrospective 
approach
Total Contracts 
using 
the fair 
value 
approach
New 
contracts 
and 
contracts 
under full 
retrospective 
Total
154


---- Page 147 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
291290
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
b)
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Contractual service margin as at 1 April 61                24,068           24,129           91              -                    91                   
Changes that relate to current services
Contractual service margin recognised for services provided 22                (68,738)         (68,716)          (117)           (26,249)         (26,366)           
Changes that relate to future services
Contracts initially recognised in the period (227)            181,696         181,469         (1)               49,190          49,189            
Changes in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin 106              (82,780)         (82,674)          86               288               374                 
Takaful service result (99)              30,178           30,079           (32)             23,229          23,197            
Takaful finance expenses 2                  5,391             5,393             2                1,179            1,181              
Effect of movements in exchange rates -                  1,828             1,828             -                 (340)              (340)                
Total changes in the statement of profit or loss and OCI (97)              37,397           37,300           (30)             24,068          24,038            
Contractual service margin as at 31 March (36)              61,465           61,429           61              24,068          24,129            
The impacts on the current period of transition approaches adopted to establishing CSM (cont'd)
2024 2023
Contracts 
using 
the fair 
value 
approach
New 
contracts and 
contracts 
under full 
retrospective 
approach
Total Contracts 
using 
the fair 
value 
approach
New 
contracts 
and 
contracts 
under full 
retrospective 
Total
155
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
c) The components of new business
The components of new business is disclosed in the table below:
Insurance/takaful contracts issued
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA
Total Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Insurance/takaful contracts liabilities
Estimate of present value of future cash outflows, excluding
takaful acquisition cash flows 659,401       306,717         966,118         1,005,319  339,631        1,344,950       
Estimates of takaful acquisition cash flows 21,307         8,459             29,766           34,824       8,706            43,530            
Estimate of present value of future cash outflows 680,708       315,176         995,884         1,040,143  348,337        1,388,480       
Estimates of present value of future cash inflows (1,023,964)   (321,411)        (1,345,375)     (1,454,106) (357,901)        (1,812,007)      
Risk adjustment 69,789         31,651           101,440         88,868        29,389          118,257          
Contractual service margin 273,467       -                    273,467         325,095     -                    325,095          
Amount included in insurance/takaful contract liabillities for the 
period -                  25,416           25,416           -                 19,825          19,825            
Non-
onerous Onerous
Non-
onerous Onerous
2024 2023
Contracts issued Contracts issued
156


---- Page 148 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
293292
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
c) The components of new business (cont'd)
Insurance/takaful contracts issued (cont'd)
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA
Total Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Insurance/takaful contracts liabilities
Estimate of present value of future cash outflows, excluding
takaful acquisition cash flows 19,563         12,591           32,154           16,113       1,552            17,665            
Estimates of takaful acquisition cash flows 94,336         12,502           106,838         116,192      9,307            125,499          
Estimate of present value of future cash outflows 113,899       25,093           138,992         132,305      10,859          143,164          
Estimates of present value of future cash inflows (176,762)      (15,947)         (192,709)        (194,939)    (7,640)           (202,579)         
Risk adjustment 5,695           1,255             6,950             6,614          543               7,157              
Contractual service margin 54,551         (14)                54,537           55,407        -                    55,407            
Amount included in insurance/takaful contract liabillities for the
period (2,617)         10,387           7,770             (613)           3,762            3,149              
Non-
onerous Onerous
Non-
onerous Onerous
2024 2023
Contracts issued Contracts issued
157
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
c) The components of new business
Rensurance/retakaful contracts held
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts liabilities
Estimate of present value of future cash outflows (460,078)        (207,253)    
Estimates of present value of future cash inflows 270,271         144,937     
Risk adjustment 20,097           16,523       
Contractual service margin 181,469         49,189       
Amount included in reinsurance/retakaful contract liabillities for the period 11,759           3,396         
Contracts purchased 
Non-onerous
158


---- Page 149 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
295294
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
20. Insurance/takaful and reinsurance/retakaful contract assets and liabilities (cont'd)
d) CSM recognition in income statement
The disclosure of when the CSM is expected to be in income in future years is presented below: 
General reinsurance/retakaful - Other than PAA
Less than More than
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years 5 years Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
31 March 2024
Insurance/takaful contracts issued 347,964      52,906         2,687             834                374             (431)              404,334          
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (58,026)      (3,493)         38                  18                  26              8                   (61,429)           
289,938     49,413         2,725             852                400            (423)              342,905          
31 March 2023
Insurance/takaful contracts issued 312,612      133,511       32,443           1,577             1,022          7,472            488,637          
Reinsurance/retakaful contracts held (19,217)      (4,790)         (60)                (28)                 (13)             (21)                (24,129)           
293,395     128,721       32,383           1,549             1,009         7,451            464,508          
Family Takaful -  Other  than PAA
Less than More than
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years 5 years Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
31 March 2024
Takaful contracts issued 21,584        20,249         18,708           17,247           15,842        151,705        245,335          
31 March 2023
Takaful contracts issued 22,960        21,312         19,768           18,273           16,828        168,073        267,214          
The Company expects to recognise the CSM in profit or loss for existing contracts within five years, which represents the longest coverage period for the contracts in
force issued by the Company.  The expected timeline for the CSM recognition for reinsurance/retakaful contracts held is in line with reinsurance/retakaful contracts 
159
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
21.
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Tax recoverable 26,698       45,920        13,506         19,684        
Tax payable (27,499)      (11,243)      (181)            -                  
(801)           34,677       13,325        19,684        
(i)
(ii)
Included in the total tax recoverable are two pending appeal cases and tax paid in excess to
the Inland Revenue Board ("IRB"). The pending appeal cases relate to MNRB and Takaful
IKHLAS Family, as follows:
The IRB had, on 8 September 2017, issued notices of additional assessment (i.e.
Forms JA) to the Company for the years of assessment ("YA") 2008 to 2014,
disallowing the interest expense that the Company had deducted as part of its business
expense in arriving at the taxable profit.
The additional tax payable by the Company under the above-mentioned notices was
RM13,576,000. IRB had also treated the tax returns made by the Company for the
above YA as incorrect, and imposed a penalty of RM6,109,000 to the Company. This
brought the total amount payable to IRB to RM19,685,000.
The Company disagreed with the additional assessment imposed by IRB for the above
YA and had submitted a notice of appeal by filing Form Q with the Special
Commissioner of Income Tax (“SCIT”) on 6 October 2017. The next date for an update
to the SCIT is 5 June 2024. 
Notwithstanding the appeal and the hearing before the SCIT, the Company had paid the 
total amount payable of RM19,685,000. The Company is also at liberty to pursue an
amicable settlement of this matter. Based on legal advice, the Company is of the view
that there are strong justifications for its appeal and has treated the above tax payment
as tax recoverable. 
As at the date of the financial statements, an out of court settlement has been offered
by IRB and the Board agreed to settle the matter out of court for the amount of
RM13,990,934 in favour of the Company and the Company's solicitors are in the
process of drafting the settlement agreement. The Company has written down the
amount of tax recoverable by RM5,693,859 to reflect the irrecoverable taxes as a result
of the settlement.
The IRB had, on 28 December 2018, issued notices of additional assessments to
Takaful IKHLAS Family for YA 2011 and 2013 for RM3,052,000 and RM2,147,000
respectively.
Takaful IKHLAS Family disagreed with the additional assessment imposed by IRB for
the above YA and had submitted a notice of appeal by filing Form Q with the Special
Commisioner of Income Tax (“SCIT”) on 24 January 2019.
During the course of the case management on 11 April 2023, IRB informed the SCIT
that they needed more time to consider the draft Questions for Determination and the
SCIT had fixed 10 August 2023 for the parties to finalise the cause papers. A new
hearing date is pending from the SCIT.
Tax recoverable/(payable)
Group Company
160


---- Page 150 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
297296
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
21. Tax recoverable/(payable) (cont'd.)
22. Borrowing
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Sukuk Murabahah Programme 620,000  520,000  420,000  320,000  
As at the date of the financial statements, the management and the IRB are in
discussion for a global settlement of YA2010 to YA2013 tax matters. The amount of tax
recoverable has been written down by RM4,700,000 to take into account potential
concessions the Company may be required to make to settle the matter out of court
amicably of which RM1,659,879 relates to the recoverable of RM5,199,000 from
YA2011 and 2013.
Notwithstanding the appeal and the proposed hearing before the SCIT, Takaful IKHLAS
Family had paid the total amount payable of RM5,199,000. Takaful IKHLAS Family is
also at liberty to pursue an amicable settlement of this matter. Takaful IKHLAS Family
is of the view that there are strong justifications for its appeal and has treated the said
payment as tax recoverable. 
Sukuk Murabahah Programme
On 22 March 2024, the Company had early redeemed its existing Subordinated Sukuk 
Murabahah of RM320 million on its first call date and issued an RM420 million nominal 
value subordinated sukuk which qualifies as Tier-2 capital under the RBC/RBCT Framework 
issued by BNM. The subordinated MTN carries a tenure of ten (10) years from issue date on 
a 10-year, non-callable 5-year basis with a fixed profit rate of 4.46% per annum payable in 
semi-annually in arrears.
Medium Term Notes ("MTN")
On 26 October 2022, the Group issued an additional RM200,000,000 nominal value 
subordinated MTN which qualifies as Tier-2 capital under the RBC/RBCT Framework issued 
by BNM. The subordinated MTN carries a tenure of ten (10) years from issue date on a 10-
year, non-callable 5-year basis with a fixed interest rate of 5.21% per annum payable in 
semi-annually in arrears.
Group Company
161
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
23. Other payables
2024 2023 2024 2023
Restated
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Advance contributions 3,994          6,953          -                   -                  
Proposal and other deposit 17,136        14,135        -                   -                  
Provisions 97,282        67,001        13,181         7,651          
Amount due to subsidiaries * -                 -                390              -                  
Amount due to Insurance pool accounts 8,790          
Agency provident fund 4,653          4,469          -                   -                  
 Other accruals and payables 110,465      107,451      12,240         11,822        
  233,530      208,799      25,811         19,473        
24. Share capital
Group and Company 2024 2023 2024 2023
'000 '000 RM'000 RM'000
Issued and fully paid:
At 1 April / 31 March 783,088      783,088      738,502       738,502      
25. Dividend
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Recognised during the financial year:
Final single-tier dividend of 4.45 sen per ordinary share on 
783,086,696 ordinary shares, declared on 21 September 2023 
and paid on 31 October 2023 34,847         -                  
Final single-tier dividend of 2.5 sen per ordinary share on 
783,086,696 ordinary shares, declared on 26 July 2022 
and paid on 31 October 2022 -                   19,577        
shares 
Number of ordinary
Group and Company
Group Company
* These amounts are non-trade in nature, unsecured, not subject to any interest/profit elements
and repayable on demand.
The carrying amounts disclosed above approximate fair values due to their relatively short term
nature.
Amount
162


---- Page 151 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
299298
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
26. Earnings per share
Restated
2024 2023 2024 2023
Net profit for the year (RM’000) 433,539      118,280      76,323         16,589        
Weighted average number of ordinary
shares in issue ('000) (Note 24) 783,088      783,088      783,088       783,088      
Basic and diluted earnings per
share (sen) 55.4            15.1            9.7               2.1              
27. Capital commitments and contingencies
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Authorised and contracted for:
 - Property, plant and equipment 3,638          6,385          31                2,898          
 - Intangible assets* 9,406          10,326        4,572           2,076          
13,044        16,711        4,603           4,974          
Authorised but not contracted for:
 - Property, plant and equipment 3,183          12,360        2,004           867             
 - Intangible assets* 5,359          21,301        -                   327             
8,542          33,661        2,004           1,194          
* 
Contingencies
Group Company
The basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit for the year
attributable to equity holders of the holding company by the number of ordinary shares in issue
during the year.
Group Company
The Group and the Company have no dilution in their earnings per ordinary share as there are no
dilutive potential ordinary shares.
The commitments of the Group and of the Company as at the end of financial year are as
follows:
Relating to purchases for enhancements of the computer system of the Group and the
Company and the reinsurance/retakaful and takaful subsidiaries.
The Group has provided bank guarantees on the services contracts with external parties of
RM682,596 (2023: RM520,458)  in the form of cash deposit in margin accounts. 
163
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
28. Related party disclosures
(a) The significant transactions with related parties are as follows:
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Income/(expenses):
Transactions with subsidiaries:
Management fee income -                 -                 57,139         61,317        
Management fee expense -                 -                 (256)             (407)            
Net dividend income -                -                 102,765       23,000        
Management expense chargeback -                 -                 9,545           5,505          
Payment of lease liabilities -                 -                 (1,389)          (1,101)         
Rental income -                 -                 8                  8                 
Rental expenses for property -                 -                 (163)             (142)            
Interest income -                 -                 2,246           2,239          
Gross contributions -                 -                 (1,325)          (837)            
(b) Related party balances
Balances with subsidiaries:
Unquoted corporate debt 
securities -                 -                 50,759         50,632        
Other receivables -                 -                 15,275         15,472        
Balances with an associate:
Takaful certificate payables (394)           (629)           -                   -                  
Reinsurance/retakaful 
certificate assets 7,264          6,112          -                   -                  
Included in the statement of financial position are amounts due from/(to) related parties
represented by the following:
For the purposes of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group
and the Company if the Group and the Company have the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
the party or exercise significant influence over the party in making financial and operating
decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the Company and the party are subject to
common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or other
entities.
Key management personnel are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company either directly or indirectly. The
key management personnel include all the Directors of the Group and the Company, and certain
members of senior management of the Group and the Company.
Group Company
The directors are of the opinion that all the transactions above have been entered into in the
normal course of business and have been established on terms and conditions that are not
materially different from those obtainable in transactions with unrelated parties.
164


---- Page 152 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
301300
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
28. Related party disclosures (cont'd.)
(c) The key management personnel compensations are as follows:
2024 2023 2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
PGCEO/Executive director of 
the subsidiaries:
Salaries and bonus 1,870         1,442          1,870           1,442          
Pension costs - EPF and SOCSO 318             245             318              245             
Benefits-in-kind 18               18               18                18               
Others 52               38               52                38               
2,258          1,743          2,258           1,743          
Non-executive directors
of the Company:
Fees 1,346          1,233          710              667             
Others 445             363             224              171             
Benefits-in-kind 88               31               76                31               
1,879          1,627          1,010           869             
Non-executive directors 
Fees 1,074          998             -                   -                  
Others 256             309             -                   -                  
1,330          1,307          -                   -                  
Shariah Committee members:
Fees 243             180             -                   -                  
Meeting allowances 67              45               -                   -                  
310             225             -                   -                  
Other key management
   personnel's remuneration:
Salaries and bonus 21,391       16,755        5,881           5,771          
Pension costs - EPF and SOCSO 3,448          2,659          922              850             
Allowances 1,981          2,537          798              360             
Others 1,333          -                 -                   -                  
28,153        21,951        7,601           6,981          
Group Company
of subsidiaries:
165
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
29. Risk management framework
(i) strategy, by having appropriate risk management objectives, policy and appetite;
(ii)
(iii)
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(v)
(vi)
Embeds the Risk Management process and ensures it is an integral part of the Group’s
planning process at a strategic and operational level;
Facilitates effective risk oversight through a clear internal risk governance structure and
responsibilities;
Create a risk awareness culture from a strategic, operational, and individual perspective;
Give credibility to the process and engage management’s attention to the treatment,
monitoring, reporting and review of identified risks as well as considering new and
emerging risks on a continuous basis;
The primary objectives of the RM Framework are as follows:
Ensure appropriate strategies are in place to mitigate risks and maximize opportunities;
Allow the Group and operating entities to proactively manage their risks in a systematic
and structured way and to continually refine their processes to reduce their risk profile,
thereby maintaining a safer environment for their stakeholders;
The Group Risk Management Framework and Policy (“RM Framework”) was established to
provide a set of guidelines for implementing risk management throughout the Group. It
encompasses the Group’s risk management:
architecture, by setting up risk management roles and responsibilities, communication
and reporting structure; and
protocols, by describing the procedures, methodologies, tools and techniques for risk
management.
Risk management is the process of identifying, assessing, measuring, controlling, mitigating,
and continuously monitoring the risks in respect of the Group as a whole. It involves regular
self-assessments of all reasonably foreseeable and material risks that the Group faces,
including their inter-relationships and the maintenance of a link between ongoing risk
management and mid to long term business goals, strategies and capital needs.
The RM Framework aims to serve as a guide for the effective management of risks
throughout the Group. The Framework is intended to provide guidance to the Group in
performing its risk management roles and responsibilities and ultimately aims to support the
achievement of the Group’s strategic and financial objectives.
166


---- Page 153 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
303302
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
29. Risk management framework (cont'd.)
(vii)
(viii) 
(ix) 
(a) Risk management governance 
The roles and responsibilities of the functions structure are as follows:
(i)
(ii) 
In pursuit of the above objectives, it is the Group’s policy to adhere to, and comply with, all
relevant governance and regulatory requirements and implement best practices with regards
to risk management principles. The Group also aims to uphold high standards of business
practices in all its activities.
The Board and Senior Management collectively have responsibility and accountability for
setting the objectives, defining strategies to achieve those objectives, and establishing
governance structures and processes to best manage the risks in accomplishing those
objectives
The Group has adopted the Three Lines of Defense governance model which provides a
formal, transparent, and effective risk governance structure to promote active
involvement from the Board, Senior Management, and all employees in the risk
management process across the Group.
In addition, the Group and respective entities have set up an in-house risk management
function, compliance function and committee on a group and entity wide basis to ensure
efficient risk management
The Board had established a dedicated Board Committee known as the Risk
Management Committee of the Board (“RMCB”) to support the Board in meeting the
expectations and responsibilities on the risk and compliance management, provides
assurance to the Board that the processes have been carried out effectively and
inculcates a risk management culture on a group-wide basis. This is replicated at
each of the main operating subsidiaries (Malaysian Reinsurance Berhad, Takaful
IKHLAS Family Berhad and Takaful IKHLAS General Berhad);
The Audit Committee ("AC") was established to complement the role of the Board by
providing an independent assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of
governance, risk management and internal control. The Audit Committee is assisted
by an independent Internal Audit Department in performing its role;
Standardises risk terminologies across the Group to facilitate a consistent and uniform
approach in managing risks.
The primary objectives of the RM Framework are as follows (cont'd.):
Align the Group’s risk management practices with its sustainability principles;
Provides a single point of reference for managing risks in a systematic and structured
way; and
167
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
29. Risk management framework (cont'd.)
(a) Risk management governance (cont'd.)
(iii) 
(iv) 
(v)
(vi)
(vii)
The Group Management Risk & Compliance Committee (“GMRCC”), which
comprises the President & Group Chief Executive Officer, the President & Chief
Executive Officer and selected members of Senior Management from MNRB and its
main operating subsidiaries to support the GMC/respective SMCs to implement the
risk and compliance management processes, establish clear guidance in managing
the Group’s risk to ensure its alignment to their respective risk appetite for all
business strategies and activities; 
The Group Chief Risk Officer (“GCRO”) and Risk Management Department (“RMD”)
establish the infrastructure and provide oversight over the risk management
processes in MNRB and across the main operating subsidiaries through the
adoption of the RM Framework; and
At the operational level, the implementation of risk management processes in the
day-to-day operations of the Group is consistent with the RM Framework.
A dedicated Group Investment Committee ("GIC") of the Board which reports to the
Board has been established to further oversee risks associated with investments and
assets allocation. The GIC is assisted by the Group Investment Management Committee
("GIMC") which is represented by the President & CEO from each of the main operating
subsidiaries. Further, the Group has established a Group Investment Policies ("GIP") to
ensure proper risk management by investing in low-risk assets, deposits with licensed
financial institutions, debt securities and other marketable securities. 
Investment Management and Asset-Liability Management committees has been
established at each main subsidiary to manage and monitor asset-liability and duration
mismatch, credit risk profile, cashflow analysis and overall asset management. These
committees ultimately report to the Board of the respective subsidiaries through its GIC.
The Group Management Committee (“GMC”), together with the Senior Management
Committee (“SMC”) of its main operating subsidiaries oversee the implementation of
risk and compliance management processes, establish and implement appropriate
organisational structures and systems for managing financial and non-financial risks;
The Group Shariah Committee (“GSC”) was established to provide objective and
sound advice to the Group to ensure that its aims and operations, business, affairs
and activities are in compliance with Shariah;
168


---- Page 154 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
305304
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
29. Risk management framework (cont'd.)
(b) Capital management
(c) Regulatory framework
In line with the RBC and RBCT Framework's requirements on capital adequacy, the main
operating subsidiaries actively manage their capital by taking into account the potential
impact of business exposure on their business strategies, risk profiles and overall
resilience.
In addition, MNRB is required to comply with the Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia
Securities Berhad (“Bursa”), and the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007.  
MNRB and its main operating subsidiaries are required to comply, as applicable, with the
Financial Services Act (“FSA”) 2013, the Islamic Financial Services Act (“IFSA”) 2013,
the Companies Act 2016, other relevant Acts, and Policy Documents issued by BNM
from time to time.
The Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) encompassess the
overall process where the subsidiaries ensure adequate capital is available to meet its
capital requirements on an ongoing basis, under normal and stressed conditions, in line
with BNM Guidelines on Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment for Insurers, Internal
Capital Adequacy Assessment for Takaful Operators, Risk-Based Capital Framework for
Insurers (“RBC Framework”), Risk-Based Capital Framework for Takaful Operators
(“RBCT Framework”) and Policy Document on Stress Testing.
The ICAAP Policy also requires the subsidiaries to set an Individual Target Capital Level
("ITCL") based on its business strategies, risk profiles and risk management practices.
The subsidiaries’ prevailing ITCL is above the minimum regulatory capital requirement
outlined under the RBC/RBCT Framework.
Based on the material risks identified, the main operating subsidiaries assess the overall
capital adequacy, and develop the Capital Management Plan (“CMP”), where the main
objective is to monitor and maintain, at all times, an appropriate level of capital which
commensurate with the main operating subsidiaries’ business operations and the
resultant risk profiles. 
The CMP outlines the criteria, mechanism and process flow to manage the level of
Capital Adequacy Ratio (“CAR”) of the main operating subsidiaries. This includes the
thresholds, triggers, and action plans in place which could be undertaken to reduce the
level of risks or strengthen capital available. The action plans shall be triggered upon the
CAR reaching the respective thresholds. These actions are chosen with consideration to
the possible adverse scenarios relative to normal operating conditions.
In this regard, the Group also measures and monitors its capital position through its
Group Capital Adequacy Ratio (“GCAR”) and Group Capital Sufficiency Indicator
(“GCSI”), in line with BNM’s capital requirement for Insurance Groups.
169
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk
(a) General reinsurance/retakaful 
(i) Nature of risk
The following disclosures relating to the underwriting risk of the Group are presented
separately for each specific business. Elimination of intra-Group transactions are not
considered as the disclosures represent how each Business Unit within the Group assesses
and manages underwriting risk.
The reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary principally underwrites general reinsurance and
retakaful contracts in relation to the following main breakdown : Voluntary Cesion
and Autofacultative (VC and Auto Fac), Facultative, Treaty - Proportional treaty, and
Treaty - Non Proportional treaty. Risks under these contracts usually cover a twelve-
month duration other than some long-term contracts, such as construction contracts
which may cover up to 3 years or more. The most significant risk arises from
adverse development of claims and occurrence of new catastrophe losses. These
risks vary significantly in relation to the economic conditions and territories from
which the risks are underwritten. The reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary is exposed to
concentration risk through its reinsurance and retakaful contracts, which may be
concentrated in certain geographic regions, line of business and type of coverages.
The above risks are mitigated by diversification across a large portfolio of business
to ensure a balanced mix and spread of business. Diversification through the
implementation of underwriting strategies reduces the volatility of losses and
improves the overall portfolio experience. 
The losses are further mitigated by ensuring that the subsidiary’s
retrocession/retrotakaful arrangements are effective and adequate. Clear
underwriting guidelines as approved by the Board are used to ensure all risks are
written in accordance with the approved limits and catastrophe aggregates are
managed within the capacity of the retrocession/retrotakaful programmes. Pricing
tool ensures the risks exposures are adequately priced.
The reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary’s retrocession/retrotakaful programmes are
reviewed by the Retrocession Committee ("RC") and GMRCC and subsequently, as
delegated by the Board, recommended to the RMCB for approval. The RC is
responsible to ensure all aspects of the business operations, risk management
including risk appetite, risk tolerance and business strategies of the
reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary were taken into consideration in the overall
procurement of Malaysian Re’s Retrocession program and being carried out in the
best interest of the reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary. Selection of reinsurers
participating in the Retrocession programs of Malaysian Re is in accordance with the
criteria stipulated by BNM and the Board.  
170


---- Page 155 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
307306
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(a) General reinsurance/retakaful (cont'd.)
(i) Nature of risk (cont'd.)
(ii) Catastrophe risk
(iii) Premium/Contribution risk
(iv) Reserving risk
Reserving risk relates to the risk arising from inadequate reserves to meet the net
claims amount payable. The determination of the reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary's
insurance contract liabilities relies on the information derived from various sources
such as historical claims experience, existing knowledge of occurred events, the
terms and conditions of relevant contracts and interpretation of prevailing
circumstances. Upon notification of a claim, the reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary
sets aside case and technical reserves to meet the expected ultimate loss arising
from this claim. These claim reserves are updated periodically taking into account
the development of the claims.
At each reporting date end, the reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary performs a
valuation of liabilities for the purpose of ensuring that liabilities for remaining
coverage and liabilities for incurred claims are objectively assessed and adequately
provided for.
Premium/Contribution risk arises when premiums/contributions charged are
insufficient to meet expected claims and expenses. This risk is mitigated by
adhering to the underwriting guideline and ceding the risk above our risk appetite to
retrocessionaires/retrotakaful providers with strong financial standing. Any
deficiencies in the premium will be recognised in the income statement as loss
component at the inception of the business.
Stress testing is performed at least once a year and may be performed more
frequently if required. The purpose of the stress testing is to test the solvency and
financial viability of the general reinsurance/retakaful business under the various
scenarios as guided by regulatory guidelines. Stress tests and scenario analysis are
used to assess the reinsurance subsidiary’s ability to maintain minimum specified
levels of capital and liquidity in exceptional but plausible events and ensure
consideration of the financial impact of plausible events in the decision-making
process and the effectiveness of management actions under stressed conditions.
The risk that a single or a series of catastrophe events, usually over a short period,
which leads to a high number of claims or single large loss or combination of both.
The consequences of the risk are minimised by having retrocession/retrotakaful
coverage in place and retention in line with the risk appetite of the
reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary.
171
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(a) General reinsurance/retakaful (cont'd.)
(v) Impact on liabilities, profit and equity 
Key assumptions
Sensitivity analysis
(i) Claims practices of ceding companies;
(ii) Frequency and severity of claims incurred by cedants;
(iii) Changes in premium/contribution rates in insurance/takaful;
(iv) Changes in reinsurance/retakaful markets; and
(v) Legislative and regulatory changes.
2024 Impact on
Impact on Impact on profit
gross net before Impact on
CSM CSM tax * equity **
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Increase 5%
VC and Auto Fac 5,860        5,860           30,343        27,916        
Facultative 1,038        1,038           10,662        9,809          
Treaty - Proportional 12,063      11,030         105,543      97,100        
Treaty - Non proportional 2,025        2,023           11,708        10,771        
20,986      19,951         158,256      145,596      
Liabilities are determined based upon previous claims experience, existing
knowledge of events, the terms and conditions of the relevant contracts and
interpretation of circumstances. Particularly relevant are past experiences with
similar cases, historical claims development trends, legislative changes, judicial
decisions and economic conditions.
The inherent uncertainties in estimating liabilities arise from a variety of factors such
as the range and quality of data available, underlying assumptions made and
random volatility in future experience.
The insurance/takaful contract liabilities are sensitive to various key factors which
are both internal and external. External factors to which the reinsurance/retakaful
subsidiary is sensitive to include:
The sensitivity analysis was applied to the ultimate loss ratio adopted for the LRC
and LIC of the Company by increasing or decreasing the said ratio by 5%. The table
below shows the impact on the Company’s gross and net claim liabilities, profit
before zakat and taxation and equity should the ultimate loss ratio be
increased/(decreased) by 5%:
<------- Increase -------> <------ Decrease ------>
172


---- Page 156 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
309308
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(a) General reinsurance/retakaful (cont'd.)
(v) Impact on liabilities, profit and equity (cont'd.)
Sensitivity analysis (cont'd.)
Impact on
Impact on Impact on profit
gross net before Impact on
CSM CSM tax * equity **
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Decrease 5%
VC and Auto Fac (5,793)       (5,793)          (30,292)       (27,869)       
Facultative (954)          (953)             (10,604)       (9,755)         
Treaty - Proportional (7,994)      (6,737)          (96,602)       (88,874)       
Treaty - Non proportional (2,025)       (2,023)          (12,187)       (11,212)       
(16,766)     (15,506)        (149,685)     (137,710)     
2023 Impact on
Impact on Impact on profit
gross net before Impact on
liabilities liabilities tax * equity **
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
VC and Auto Fac 18,313      18,313         31,583        29,057        
Facultative 784           784              10,894        10,022        
Treaty - Proportional 17,380      16,602         91,176        83,882        
Treaty - Non proportional 1,827        1,822           5,275          4,853          
38,304      37,521         138,928      127,814      
Decrease 5%
VC and Auto Fac (17,546)     (17,546)        (31,341)       (28,834)       
Facultative (787)          (787)             (10,891)       (10,020)       
Treaty - Proportional (18,015)    (16,931)        (89,880)       (82,689)       
Treaty - Non proportional (1,827)       (1,822)          (5,275)         (4,853)         
(38,175)     (37,086)        (137,387)     (126,396)     
*
<------- Increase -------> <------ Decrease ------>
<------- Increase -------> <------ Decrease ------>
This analysis assumes that other factors relevant, but not significant, to the valuation
of claim liabilities remain constant. 
The impact on profit before tax has included consideration of the impact on
estimated reinstatement premium receivables.
173
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(a) General reinsurance/retakaful (cont'd.)
(vi) Claims development table
The following tables show the estimate of cumulative ultimate incurred claims,
including both claims provisions and IBNR for each successive underwriting year at
each financial year end, along with cumulative claim payments to-date. 
In setting provisions for claims, the Company gives consideration to the probability
and magnitude of future experience at best estimate level with a degree of caution in
setting reserves when there is considerable uncertainty. In general, the uncertainty
associated with the ultimate claims experience for an underwriting year is the
greatest when the claim is at an early stage of development.
The ultimate liability projection for Underwriting Year ("UWY") 2023 will only be
available once the Company has completed the underwriting of its business for the
period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.
174


---- Page 157 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
311310
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(a) General reinsurance/retakaful (cont'd.)
Liability for Incurred Claims for 2024:
Before
Underwriting year 2017 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Subtotal
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
At the end of accident year -                  -                -                -                1,015,635    801,407      646,564    
One year later -                  -                -                926,423    1,443,904    1,486,803   -                
Two years later -                  -                803,946    916,687    1,560,518    -                  -                
Three years later -                  839,794    796,453    890,144    -                   -                  -                
Four years later 625,661      823,012    787,445    -                -                   -                  -                
Five years later 631,193      813,669    -                -                -                   -                  -                
Six years later 626,744      -                -                -                -                   -                  -                
Current estimate of booked
ultimate claims incurred (a) + (b) 626,744      813,669    787,445    890,144    1,560,518    1,486,803   646,564    
At the end of accident year -                  -                -                -                98,272         59,557        120,159    
One year later -                  -                -                332,955    634,343       441,457      -                
Two years later -                  -                504,333    519,684    1,010,685    -                  -                
Three years later -                  689,320    598,163    633,530    -                   -                  -                
Four years later 543,550      705,750    649,437    -                -                   -                  -                
Five years later 566,080      731,274    -                -                -                   -                  -                
Six years later 587,399      -                -                -                -                   -                  -                
Cumulative payments to-date (b) 587,399      731,274    649,437    633,530    1,010,685    441,457      120,159    
Expected claim liabilities (a) - (b) 226,092     39,345        82,395     138,008   256,614   549,833       1,045,346   526,405   2,864,038    
Latest UWY BE LIC 27,699         
Claim handling expenses 25,754         
Total Best Estimate of LIC 2,917,491    
Risk Adjustment at 75% Confidence Interval 232,959       
Discounting impact (270,093)      
Forex Impact 81,378         
Trade balances 206,808       
Incurred claims from Family Retakaful and Shareholder funds 107,988       
Inter-company elimination (46,206)        
Liability for Incurred Claims 3,230,325    
175
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(f) Claims development table (cont'd.)
Net general reinsurance/retakaful claim liabilities for 2024:
Before
Underwriting year 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Subtotal
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
At the end of accident year -                  -                -                -                701,161       792,897      580,971    
One year later -                  -                -                904,785    1,073,931    1,428,386   -                
Two years later -                  -                791,937    895,116    1,207,310    -                  -                
Three years later -                  736,048    787,432    873,784    -                   -                  -                
Four years later 606,856      728,215    778,864    -                -                   -                  -                
Five years later 611,389      716,569    -                -                -                   -                  -                
Six years later 608,658      -                -                -                -                   -                  -                
Current estimate of booked
ultimate claims incurred (a) 608,658      716,569   778,864   873,784   1,207,310    1,428,386   580,971   
At the end of accident year -                  -                -                -                98,202         55,134        98,521      
One year later -                  -                -                332,824    407,912       413,189      -                
Two years later -                  -                504,280    519,622    694,992       -                  -                
Three years later -                  600,630    596,451    633,436    -                   -                  -                
Four years later 530,020      616,488    646,642    -                -                   -                  -                
Five years later 550,041      641,452    -                -                -                   -                  -                
Six years later 572,564      -                -                -                -                   -                  -                
Cumulative payments to-date (b) 572,564      641,452   646,642   633,436   694,992       413,189      98,521     
Expected claim liabilities (a) - (b) 220,230     36,094        75,117     132,222   240,348   512,318       1,015,197   482,450   2,713,976    
Latest UWY BE AIC 26,404         
Claim handling expenses 25,755         
Total Best Estimate of AIC 2,766,135    
Fund PRAD at 75% confidence interval 218,415       
Discounting impact (258,361)      
Forex Impact 79,674         
Trade balances 144,271       
Incurred claims from Family Retakaful and Shareholder funds 52,081         
Inter-company elimination (46,208)        
Net general reinsurance/retakaful claim liabilities 2,956,007    
176


---- Page 158 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
313312
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(f) Claims development table (cont'd.)
Liability for Incurred Claims for 2023:
Before
Underwriting year 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Subtotal
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
At the end of accident year -                  -                -                -                -                   1,015,635   801,407    
One year later -                  -                -                -                926,423       1,443,904   -                
Two years later -                  -                -                803,946    916,687       -                  -                
Three years later -                  -                839,794    796,453    -                   -                  -                
Four years later -                  625,661    823,012    -                -                   -                  -                
Five years later 739,338      631,193    -                -                -                   -                  -                
Six years later 743,635      -                -                -                -                   -                  -                
Current estimate of booked
ultimate claims incurred (a) 743,635      631,193   823,012   796,453   916,687       1,443,904   801,407   
At the end of accident year -                  -                -                -                -                   98,272        59,557      
One year later -                  -                -                -                332,955       634,344      -                
Two years later -                  -                -                504,333    519,684       -                  -                
Three years later -                  -                689,320    598,163    -                   -                  -                
Four years later -                  543,550    705,749    -                -                   -                  -                
Five years later 669,423      566,080    -                -                -                   -                  -                
Seven years later 691,464      -                -                -                -                   -                  -                
Cumulative payments to-date (b) 691,464      566,080   705,749   598,163   519,684       634,344      59,557     
Expected claim liabilities (a) - (b) 218,507     52,171        65,113     117,263   198,290   397,003       809,560      741,850   2,599,757    
Latest UWY BE LIC 90,156         
Claim handling expenses 15,982         
Total Best Estimate of LIC 2,705,895    
Risk Adjustment at 75% Confidence Interval 214,806       
Discounting impact (179,979)      
Forex Impact 8,253           
Trade balances 158,794       
Incurred claims from Family Retakaful and Shareholder funds 44,978         
Inter-company elimination (24,929)        
Liability for Incurred Claims 2,927,818    
177
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(f) General reinsurance/retakaful (cont'd.)
Net general reinsurance/retakaful claim liabilities for 2023:
Before
Underwriting year 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Subtotal
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
At the end of accident year -                  -                -                -                -                   701,161      792,897    
One year later -                  -                -                -                904,785       1,073,931   -                
Two years later -                  -                -                791,936    895,116       -                  -                
Three years later -                  -                736,048    787,432    -                   -                  -                
Four years later -                  606,856    728,215    -                -                   -                  -                
Five years later 730,080      611,390    -                -                -                   -                  -                
Six years later 734,130      -                -                -                -                   -                  -                
Current estimate of booked
ultimate claims incurred (a) 734,130      611,390   728,215   787,432   895,116       1,073,931 792,897
At the end of accident year -                  -                -                -                -                   98,202        55,133      
One year later -                  -                -                -                332,823       407,913      -                
Two years later -                  -                -                504,281    519,622       -                  -                
Three years later -                  -                600,631    596,451    -                   -                  -                
Four years later -                  530,019    616,488    -                -                   -                  -                
Five years later 660,517      550,041    -                -                -                   -                  -                
Six years later 682,556      -                -                -                -                   -                  -                
Cumulative payments to-date (b) 682,556      550,041   616,488   596,451   519,622       407,913      55,133     
Expected claim liabilities (a) - (b) 212,069     51,574        61,349     111,727   190,981   375,494       666,018      737,764   2,406,976    
Latest UWY BE LIC 88,095         
Claim handling expenses 15,982         
Total Best Estimate of LIC 2,511,053    
Risk Adjustment at 75% Confidence Interval 196,239       
Discounting impact (167,151)      
Forex Impact 8,272           
Trade balances 112,975       
Incurred claims from Family Retakaful and Shareholder funds 11,904         
Inter-company elimination (24,933)        
Net general reinsurance/retakaful claim liabilities 2,648,359    
178


---- Page 159 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
315314
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(b) General takaful fund
(i) Nature of risk
(ii) Reserving risk
Reserving risk relates to the risk arising from inadequate reserves to meet the net
claims amount payable. The determination of GTF’s liabilities for remaining
coverage and liabilities for incurred claims relies on the information derived from
various sources such as historical claims experience, existing knowledge of
occurred events, the terms and conditions of relevant certificates and interpretation
of prevailing circumstances. Upon notification of a claim, the general takaful
subsidiary sets aside case and technical reserves to meet the expected ultimate loss
arising from the claim. These claim reserves are updated periodically taking into
account the development of the claims.
Each participant pays a portion of contributions on the basis of tabarru’ (“donation”)
into the General Takaful Fund (“GTF”) for the purpose of meeting claims for events
or risks covered under the takaful contracts. The general takaful subsidiary is
exposed to concentration risk through its takaful contracts, which may be
concentrated in certain geographic regions, industry sectors, or line of business.
Stress Testing is performed at least once a year, or more frequently if required. The
purpose of the stress testing is to test the solvency and financial viability of the GTF
under various scenarios as guided by regulatory guidelines. Stress tests and
scenario analysis are used to assess the general takaful subsidiary’s ability to
maintain minimum specified levels of capital and liquidity in exceptional but plausible
events and ensure consideration of the financial impact of plausible events in the
decision-making process and the effectiveness of management actions under
stressed conditions.
The general takaful subsidiary principally issues the following types of general
takaful: Motor, Fire, Personal Accident and Miscellaneous (which includes
Engineering and Marine).
The risks are mitigated by, among others, diversification across a large portfolio of
business, which is designed to smoothen the overall claim experience. The solvency
of the GTF is managed by adopting prudent underwriting and claims management
practices and controls such as underwriting and claims SOPs.
The general takaful subsidiary also manages its risk exposure by the use of retakaful
arrangements. The retakaful treaty arrangements of the Company are reviewed
annually by the Treaty Working Group (“TWG”), GMRCC and subsequently, as
delegated by the Board, recommended to the RMCB for approval. The TWG is
responsible to ensure all aspects of the business operations, risk management
including risk appetite, risk tolerance and business strategies of the Company were
taken into consideration in the overall procurement of the company’s and being
carried out in the best interest of the Company. Selection of retakaful operators
participating in the retakaful arrangements is in accordance with the criteria
stipulated by BNM and the Board.
179
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(b) General takaful fund (cont'd.)
(ii) Reserving risk (cont'd.)
(iii) Catastrophe Risk 
(iv)     Contribution Risk
(v) Impact on liabilities, profit and equity
Key assumptions
The risk that a single or a series of catastrophe events, usually over a short period,
which leads to a high number of claims or single large loss or combination of both.
The consequences of the risk is minimised by having retakaful coverage in place
and retention in line with the risk appetite of the general takaful subsidiary.
Contribution risk arises when contributions charged are insufficient to meet expected
claims and expenses. This risk is mitigated by adhering to the pricing policy and
ceding the risk above our risk appetite to retakaful operators with strong financial
standing.
Other key circumstances affecting the reliability of assumptions include delays in
settlement.
At each reporting date end, the general takaful subsidiary performs a valuation of
liabilities for the purpose of ensuring that liabilities for remaining coverage and
liabilities for incurred claims are objectively assessed and adequately provided for.
Additional qualitative judgements are used to assess the extent to which past trends
may not apply in the future. Examples of external factors that may affect claims
development include isolated one-off occurrence, changes in market factors such as
public attitude to claims notification and reporting, economic conditions, judicial
decision as well as government legislation. Examples of internal factors include
changes in portfolio mix, changes in certificate conditions and changes in claims
handling procedures, especially those that affect the speed of claim settlement.
The principal assumption underlying the estimation of liabilities is that the general
takaful future claims development will follow a pattern similar to the historical trend
experience.
180


---- Page 160 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
317316
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(b) General takaful fund (cont'd.)
(v) Impact on liabilities, profit and equity (cont'd.)
Sensitivity analysis
Impact on Impact on
gross LFIC Equity
2024
Motor Act Average +10% of Ultimate Claims 84,682         (8,884)         
   Severity -10% of Ultimate Claims (83,476)       8,656           
Motor Others Expected +10% of Ultimate Claims 58,396         (2,602)         
   Loss Ratio -10% of Ultimate Claims (57,251)       2,421           
Fire Expected Loss Ratio +10% of Ultimate Claims 12,083         (385)            
-10% of Ultimate Claims (11,051)       296              
Discounting +1% of Discount Rate (8,380)         720              
-1% of Discount Rate 8,686           (747)            
Claim Handling Expense +10% of Ultimate Claims 5,878           (4,321)         
   ("CHE") & Claim -10% of Ultimate Claims (5,878)         4,321           
   Management Expense
   ("CME")
 General Takaful 
<-- Increase/(decrease) -->
The sensitivity analysis has been performed for the main classes of business which
are Motor Act, Motor Others and Fire. Motor Act is analysed using changes in claim
severity while Motor Others and Fire are analysed using changes in the expected
ultimate loss ratio.
The Liabilities for Incurred Claims ("LFIC") are sensitive to the key assumptions
shown below. It has not been possible to quantify the sensitivity of certain
assumptions such as legislative changes or uncertainty in the estimation processes.
The analysis below is performed on possible movements in key assumptions with all
other assumptions held constant, showing the impact on LFIC and equity for
Participant Risk Fund ("PRF") and Shareholder's Fund ("SHF") respectively. The
correlation of assumptions will have significant effects in determining the LFIC but to
demonstrate the impact due to changes in assumptions, assumptions had to be
changed on an individual basis. It should be noted that movements in these
assumptions are non-linear.
181
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/takaful risk (cont'd.)
(b) General takaful fund (cont'd.)
(v) Impact on liabilities, profit and equity (cont'd.)
Sensitivity analysis (cont'd.)
Impact on Impact on
gross LFIC Equity
2023
Motor Act Average +10% of Ultimate Claims 67,514         (8,132)         
   Severity -10% of Ultimate Claims (67,292)       7,975           
Motor Others Expected +10% of Ultimate Claims 41,748         (2,222)         
   Loss Ratio -10% of Ultimate Claims (41,592)       2,108           
Fire Expected Loss Ratio +10% of Ultimate Claims 12,115         (407)            
-10% of Ultimate Claims (12,057)       363              
Discounting +1% of Discount Rate (6,065)         559              
-1% of Discount Rate 6,255           (577)            
Claim Handling Expense +10% of Ultimate Claims 4,941           (3,631)         
   ("CHE") & Claim -10% of Ultimate Claims (4,941)         3,631           
   Management Expense
   ("CME")
(vi) Claims development table
In setting provisions for claims, the Company gives consideration to the probability
and magnitude of future experience on best estimate basis with a degree of caution
in setting reserves when there is considerable uncertainty. In general, the uncertainty
associated with the ultimate claims experience for an accident year is greatest when
the claim is at an early stage of development: 
The following tables show the estimate of cumulative incurred claims, including both
claims reported and IBNR (including IBNER) for each successive accident year at
each financial year, together with cumulative payments to-date.
 General Takaful 
<-- Increase/(decrease) -->
The method used in performing the sensitivity analysis is consistent with the prior
year.
182


---- Page 161 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
319318
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Takaful risk of the general takaful fund (cont'd.)
(f) Claims development table (cont'd.)
Gross General Takaful Certificate Liabilities for 2024:
Accident year Prior 2016 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Total
RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000
At the end of accident year 635,225      174,218     190,776     195,417   188,468    194,052    204,481    294,653    364,274    479,071     479,071      
One year later 1,055,223   163,828     192,331     196,877   192,772    185,943    206,425    297,021    369,867    369,867      
Two year later 1,009,430  157,286     185,552     198,738   186,612    194,488    204,385    281,113    281,113      
Three year later 970,836     153,908     187,120     197,158   192,388    192,522    198,486    198,486      
Four year later 951,897     155,963     184,175     197,653   192,613    192,208    192,208      
Five year later 941,506      154,356     184,535     194,630   193,832    193,832      
Six year later 931,316     147,206     172,314     181,879   181,879      
Seven year later 921,497     144,233     169,860     169,860      
Eight year later 923,404     144,110     144,110      
Ninth year later 919,895      919,895      
Current estimate of cumulative claims incurred 919,895     144,110     169,860     181,879   193,832    192,208    198,486    281,113    369,867    479,071     3,130,321   
At the end of accident year 329,854      70,093      80,611       82,191     73,362     78,164     81,540    115,765    137,910    182,915     182,915      
One year later 618,014      112,184     132,501     131,743   127,672    120,590    132,365    195,496    239,839    239,839      
Two year later 788,023     130,725     153,910     158,922   147,522    140,866    153,413    222,637    222,637      
Three year later 854,671     138,037     162,779     168,814   165,025    159,330    168,954    168,954      
Four year later 884,364     140,658     165,165     174,992   174,415    166,544    166,544      
Five year later 892,402      141,922     167,414     176,515   178,553    178,553      
Six year later 901,785     143,256     168,238     178,749   178,749      
Seven year later 905,295     143,553     169,051     169,051      
Eight year later 919,051     144,024     144,024      
Ninth year later 919,765      919,765      
Cumulative payments to-date 919,765     144,024     169,051     178,749   178,553    166,544    168,954    222,637    239,839    182,915     2,571,032   
Gross liabilities for incurred claims:
Best estimate of claims liabilities
(including Allocated Loss Adjustment
Expenses ("ALAE")) 130             87            809            3,130       15,280     25,664     29,532     58,476    130,028    296,155     559,289      
Discounting Impact (7)               (4)             (41)            (171)         (806)        (1,335)     (1,513)      (2,990)      (6,510)      (14,828)      (28,207)       
531,082
Takaful payables and others 30,968        
562,050      
Risk adjustment and other claim-related expenses 63,645        
625,695      
As at 31 March
183
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
29. Takaful risk of the general takaful fund (cont'd.)
(f) Claims development table (cont'd.)
Accident year Prior 2016 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Total
RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000
At the end of accident year 675,135      110,041     113,257     113,775   107,381    118,287    127,751    155,257    222,317    271,714     271,714      
One year later 925,667      100,341     113,434     113,959   106,516    108,953    122,867    154,435    225,101    225,101      
Two year later 888,655     96,034       108,941     110,916   102,714    108,923    120,150    146,862    146,862      
Three year later 839,138     94,500       107,880     110,336   104,226    105,836    117,327    117,327      
Four year later 820,312     94,192       106,783     109,770   104,998    104,879    104,879      
Five year later 819,695      93,674       106,876     109,236   105,221    105,221      
Six year later 736,851     89,117       100,796     101,984   101,984      
Seven year later 724,514     87,895      98,744      98,744        
Eight year later 712,759     87,872      87,872        
Ninth year later 711,888      711,888      
Current estimate of cumulative claims incurred 711,888     87,872       98,744      101,984    105,221    104,879    117,327    146,862    225,101    271,714     1,971,593   
At the end of accident year 309,674      43,970      50,502       49,290     46,005     47,549     53,774     55,640     84,438    103,757      103,757      
One year later 528,304      69,156      79,164       79,694     75,861     74,034     81,153     96,918    146,451    146,451      
Two year later 645,673     80,147      90,931       92,440     85,132     84,566     94,110    114,054    114,054      
Three year later 684,554     84,404      95,729       97,264     90,723     90,732    101,457    101,457      
Four year later 704,377     85,974      97,147       98,941     94,927     93,283    93,283        
Five year later 708,245      86,721      97,953       99,665     96,878    96,878        
Six year later 710,150     87,294      98,156      100,680    100,680      
Seven year later 711,724     87,492      98,447      98,447        
Eight year later 711,933     87,811      87,811        
Ninth year later 711,856      711,856      
Cumulative payments to-date 711,856     87,811       98,447      100,680    96,878    93,283    101,457    114,054    146,451    103,757     1,654,673   
Net liabilities for incurred claims:
Best estimate of claims liabilities
(including ALAE) 33              61             298           1,304      8,343      11,596     15,870     32,808     78,650    167,957      316,919      
Discounting Impact (2)               (2)             (18)            (67)           (405)         (594)         (829)        (1,693)     (4,159)     (7,795)        (15,565)       
301,355
Net takaful receivables and others (17,637)       
283,718      
Risk adjustment and other claim-related expenses 40,857        
324,575      
Net General Takaful Certificate Liabilities for 2024:
As at 31 March
184


---- Page 162 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
321320
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
29. Takaful risk of the general takaful fund (cont'd.)
(f) Claims development table (cont'd.)
Gross General Takaful Certificate Liabilities for 2023
Accident year Prior 2015 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total
RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000
At the end of accident year 635,225      176,571     174,218     190,776   195,417    188,468    194,052    204,481    294,653    364,274     364,314      
One year later 878,652      176,737     163,828     192,331   196,877    192,772    185,943    206,425    297,021    298,922      
Two year later 832,693     172,414     157,286     185,552   198,738    186,612    194,488    204,385    205,190      
Three year later 798,421     168,315     153,908     187,120   197,158    192,388    192,522    194,205      
Four year later 783,582     167,527     155,963     184,175   197,653    192,613    193,803      
Five year later 773,980      171,452     154,356     184,535   194,630    196,550      
Six year later 759,864     163,584     147,206     172,314   173,124      
Seven year later 757,914     162,573     144,233     144,602      
Eight year later 760,831     161,969     162,221      
Ninth year later 758,050      758,420      
Current estimate of cumulative claims incurred 758,420     162,221     144,602     173,124   196,550    193,803    194,205    205,190    298,922    364,314     2,691,352   
At the end of accident year 329,854     72,433       70,093      80,611     82,191     73,362     78,164     81,540    115,765    137,910     137,910      
One year later 545,582      121,645     112,184     132,501   131,743    127,672    120,590    132,365    195,496    195,496      
Two year later 666,378     141,980     130,725     153,910   158,922    147,522    140,866    153,413    153,413      
Three year later 712,690     154,662     138,037     162,779   168,814    165,025    159,330    159,330      
Four year later 729,703     157,119     140,658     165,165   174,992    174,415    174,415      
Five year later 735,283      160,685     141,922     167,414   176,515    176,515      
Six year later 741,100     161,168     143,256     168,238   168,238      
Seven year later 744,128     161,293     143,553     143,553      
Eight year later 757,758     161,333     161,333      
Ninth year later 757,932      757,932      
Cumulative payments to-date 757,932     161,333     143,553     168,238   176,515    174,415    159,330    153,413    195,496    137,910     2,228,137   
Gross liabilities for incurred claims:
Best estimate of claims liabilities
(including Allocated Loss Adjustment
Expenses ("ALAE")) 118            636            680           4,076       18,115     18,197     33,192     50,972    101,525    226,363     453,874      
Discounting Impact (19)             (39)            (44)            (178)         (807)         (793)        (1,489)     (2,221)      (4,367)     (8,963)        (18,920)       
434,954
Takaful payables and others 22,647        
457,601      
Risk adjustment and other claim-related expenses 58,512        
516,113      
As at 31 March
185
197201001795 (13487-A)
MNRB Holdings Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Takaful risk of the general takaful fund (cont'd.)
(f) Claims development table (cont'd.)
Net General Takaful Certificate Liabilities for 2023
Accident year Prior 2015 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Total
RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000 RM '000
At the end of accident year 675,135      104,071     110,041     113,257   113,775    107,381    118,287    127,751    155,257    222,317 222,317      
One year later 821,596      102,643     100,341     113,434   113,959    106,516    108,953    122,867    154,435    154,435      
Two year later 786,012     97,354      96,034      108,941    110,916    102,714    108,923    120,150    120,150      
Three year later 741,784     94,702      94,500      107,880    110,336    104,226    105,836    105,836      
Four year later 725,611     94,152      94,192      106,783    109,770    104,998    104,998      
Five year later 725,543      94,338      93,674      106,876    109,236    109,236      
Six year later 642,513     90,196      89,117      100,796    100,796      
Seven year later 634,318     90,030      87,895      87,895        
Eight year later 622,729     89,839      89,839        
Ninth year later 622,066      622,066      
Current estimate of cumulative claims incurred 622,066     89,839       87,895      100,796    109,236    104,998    105,836    120,150    154,435    222,317     1,717,569   
At the end of accident year 309,674      45,169      43,970       50,502     49,290     46,005     47,549     53,774     55,640    84,438 84,438        
One year later 483,135      71,475      69,156       79,164     79,694     75,861     74,034     81,153     96,918     96,918        
Two year later 574,199     82,078      80,147       90,931     92,440     85,132     84,566     94,110     94,110        
Three year later 602,476     86,274      84,404       95,729     97,264     90,723     90,732    90,732        
Four year later 618,103     87,824      85,974       97,147     98,941     94,927    94,927        
Five year later 620,421      89,303      86,721       97,953     99,665    99,665        
Six year later 620,847     89,481      87,294       98,156     98,156        
Seven year later 622,243     89,485      87,492      87,492        
Eight year later 622,449     89,509      89,509        
Ninth year later 622,040      622,040      
Cumulative payments to-date 622,040     89,509       87,492      98,156     99,665     94,927     90,732     94,110     96,918    84,438        1,457,986   
Net liabilities for incurred claims:
Best estimate of claims liabilities
(including ALAE) 26               330           404           2,640      9,571      10,071     15,104     26,040     57,517    137,880      259,583      
Discounting Impact (1)               (15)            (18)           (93)          (387)         (407)         (632)         (1,114)     (2,427)     -5312.4264 (10,406)        
249,176
Net takaful payables and others 23,049        
272,225      
Risk adjustment and other claim-related expenses 37,925        
310,150      
As at 31 March
186


---- Page 163 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
323322
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/Takaful risk (cont'd.)
(c) Family takaful fund
(i) Nature of risk
The family takaful subsidiary principally writes the following types of family takaful
certificates: Ordinary Takaful Plans, Credit-related Takaful Plans, Group Takaful Plans
and Investment-linked Takaful Plans. The takaful contributions are segregated into 2
separate funds: Participants’ Risk Fund (“PRF”) and Participants’ Investment Fund
(“PIF”).
The PRF is compulsory for all certificates and refers to the fund used to pool the
portion of contributions paid by participants on the basis of tabarru’ (“donation”) for the
purpose of meeting claims on events/risks covered under the takaful certificates.
Under the tabarru’ contract, the fund is collectively owned by the pool of participants. In
managing the PRF, the family takaful subsidiary adopts an appropriate set of policies
and procedures to ensure the availability of funds to meet takaful benefits when due.
The PIF refers to the fund in which a portion of the contributions paid by takaful
participants for a takaful certificate is allocated for the purpose of savings and/or
investment. The PIF is individually owned by participants. In managing the PIF, the
family takaful subsidiary adopts appropriate investment and management strategies to
achieve returns that are in line with the participants’ reasonable expectations and
where relevant, to ensure the availability of funds for future tabarru’ apportionment into
the PRF. The investment risk exposure for the PIF is borne by the participants. For
investment-linked takaful, the PIF refers to the unit fund(s).
Family takaful risk exists from the anti-selection process and inadequacy of PRF to
meet future claims arising from family takaful certificates. The risks arise when actual
claims experience is different from the assumptions used in setting the prices for
products and establishing the technical provisions and liabilities for claims. Other
sources of risks include certificate lapses and certificate claims such as mortality and
morbidity experience, if they were to differ significantly from assumptions. The family
takaful subsidiary is exposed to concentration risk through its takaful contracts, which
may be concentrated in certain geographic regions, industry sectors, or line of
business.
The family takaful subsidiary utilises retakaful arrangements to manage the mortality
and morbidity risks. Retakaful structures are set based on the risk appetite of the
takaful subsidiary. Due to the nature of the business, the retakaful arrangements are
reviewed as and when required, especially with introduction of new product. 
187
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/Takaful risk (cont'd.)
(c) Family takaful fund (cont'd.)
(i) Nature of risk (cont'd.)
  Gross Net
 RM'000 RM'000
2024  
 
Family takaful plans  1,335,429   1,335,429   
Investment-linked takaful plans  287,206      287,206      
Mortgage takaful plans  1,340,527   1,340,527   
Group credit takaful plans  230,732      230,732      
Others  58,210        58,210        
 3,252,104   3,252,104   
 Gross Net
 RM'000 RM'000
2023  
 
Family takaful plans  1,299,947   1,299,947   
Investment-linked takaful plans  216,118      216,118      
Mortgage takaful plans  1,295,078   1,295,078   
Group credit takaful plans  225,325      225,325      
Others  53,783        53,783        
 3,090,251   3,090,251   
The family takaful subsidiary reviews the actual experience of mortality, morbidity,
lapses and surrenders, as well as expenses to ensure that appropriate policies,
guidelines and limits are put in place to manage these risks.
The PIF is supported by the investment profit from the fund and the distribution surplus
from PRF, if any. In the event of volatile investment climate and/or unusual claims
experience, the investment profit and surplus distribution to the participants may
reduce.
Stress Testing is performed at least once a year, or more frequently if required. The
purpose of the Stress Testing is to test the solvency and financial viability of the family
takaful fund under various scenarios as guided by regulatory guidelines. Stress tests
and scenario analysis are used to assess the family takaful subsidiary ’s ability to
maintain minimum specified levels of capital and liquidity in exceptional but plausible
events and ensure consideration of the financial impact of plausible events in the
decision-making process and the effectiveness of management actions under stressed
conditions.
The table below discloses the contribution of the PIF and PRF liabilities by type of
certificates:
188


---- Page 164 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
325324
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/Takaful risk (cont'd.)
(c) Family takaful fund (cont'd.)
(ii) Reserving Risk
(iii) Catastrophe Risk
(iv) Contribution risk
(iii) Impact on liabilities, profit and equity 
Key assumptions 
The family takaful subsidiary is being guided by the regulators and relevant guidelines
in determining the liabilities of the family takaful fund and in the selection of
assumptions. Assumptions used are based on past experience, current internal data,
external market indices and benchmarks which reflect current observable market
prices and other published information. Assumptions and prudent estimates are
determined at the date of valuation and no credit is taken for possible beneficial effects
of voluntary withdrawals. Assumptions are further evaluated on a continuous basis in
order to ensure realistic and reasonable valuations.
Reserving risk relates to the risk arising from inadequate reserves to meet future
benefits payment / claims and family takaful subsidiary expense needs. The risk arises
from uncertainty in the estimation of future liabilities, influenced by factors such as
changes in mortality and morbidity rates, economic conditions, regulatory
requirements, family takaful subsidiary  revenue and expense management, etc..
At each reporting date, the family takaful subsidiary performs a valuation of liabilities
that is certified by the Appointed Actuary for the purpose of ensuring that reserves are
objectively assessed and adequately provided for.
The risk that a single or a series of catastrophe events, usually over a short period,
which leads to a high number of claims or single large loss or combination of both. 
Contribution risk arises when contributions charged are insufficient to meet expected
claims and expenses. This risk is mitigated by adhering to the pricing policy and ceding
the risk above the family takaful subsidiary’s risk appetite to retakaful operators with
strong financial standing.
189
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/Takaful risk (cont'd.)
(c) Family takaful fund (cont'd.)
(iii) Impact on profit and equity (cont'd.)
Key assumptions (cont'd.)
2024 2023
Discount Discount
Type of business rates rates 
Credit related Base mortality 1, adjusted for Gll Gll
products and retakaful rates and actual discount discount
individual regular experience 2 rate ** rate **
contribution plans
Others Base mortality 1 N/A* N/A*
1
2
*
**
(i) Mortality and morbidity rates 
Mortality and morbidity rates
These rates are obtained from the various industry mortality and morbidity
experience tables that are used to determine the contribution rates; and
The assumptions that have significant effects on the financial position and financial
performance of the family takaful fund are described below:
Retakaful rates are derived from the fund's retakaful arrangements with respect
to the credit related products and individual regular contribution plans.
No discounting rates used for short-term product.
Discount rates are derived based on GII of appropriate term and adjusted for
illiqudity premium and other factor, if applicable.
The key assumptions to which the estimation of liabilities is particularly sensitive are as
follows:
Assumptions are based on mortality rates as set out in the Product
Documentation submitted to BNM. They reflect the historical experience and are
adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect the participants' expected experience.
Assumptions are differentiated by gender, occupational class and product group.
190


---- Page 165 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
327326
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/Takaful risk (cont'd.)
(c) Family takaful fund (cont'd.)
(iii) Impact on profit and equity (cont'd.)
Key assumptions (cont'd.)
(i) Mortality and morbidity rates (cont'd.)
(ii) Discount rates 
Sensitivity analysis
The analysis below is performed on possible movements in key assumptions with all
other assumptions held constant, showing the impact on gross and net liabilities,
surplus before tax and the resulting family takaful fund. The correlations of
assumptions will have significant effect on the sensitivity analysis but to demonstrate
the impact due to changes in specific assumptions, the sensitivity analysis is
performed on an individual basis. It should be noted that movements in these
assumptions are non-linear. Sensitivity information will also vary according to the
current business profile and economic assumptions.
A decrease in the discount rate will increase the value of family takaful liabilities
and consequently, may impact the surplus distribution to participants and
shareholders.
An increase in mortality/morbidity will lead to a claims cost (as claims could be
larger or occur sooner than anticipated). 
To the extent that the actual mortality/morbidity incidence rate is worse than that
priced for, the expected surplus arising in the PRF would be lower, leading to
lower surplus administration charge income. If the poor experience persists, the
PRF may go into deficit, requiring the shareholders to provide Qard. This is
mitigated with adequate retakaful arrangements as well as contract design (in
some circumstances) that builds in repricing mechanisms.
Family takaful liabilities of credit-related products, for examples, Mortgage
Reducing Term Takaful (“MRTT”) and Group Credit Takaful (“GCT”) are
determined as the sum of the discounted value of the expected benefits less the
discounted value of the expected tabarru’ (risk charge) that would be required to
meet these future cash outflows. The valuation of liabilities will be discounted to
valuation date based on the Government Investment Issues (“GII”) zero coupon
spot yields which are obtained from the Bond Pricing Agency Malaysia (“BPAM”)
and adjusted for illiquidity premium and other factors, if applicable.
191
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/Takaful risk (cont'd.)
(c) Family takaful fund (cont'd.)
(iii) Impact on profit and equity (cont'd.)
Sensitivity analysis (cont'd.)
Impact on Impact on 
profit profit Impact on Impact on 
before tax before tax equity equity
Change in gross of net of gross of net of 
assumptions retakaful retakaful retakaful retakaful 
% RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2024
Mortality rates +10% (1,944)      (1,944)           (1,477)         (1,477)         
Morbidity rates +10% (193)          (193)              (147)            (147)            
Expenses +10% (3,771)      (3,771)           (2,866)         (2,866)         
Surrender rates +10% (21)            (21)                (16)              (16)              
Contribution holiday +10% (150)         (150)              (114)            (114)            
Discount rates +10% 3,338        3,338            2,537          2,537          
Mortality/morbidity -10% 1,787       1,787            1,358          1,358          
Morbidity rates -10% 186           186               141             141             
Expenses -10% 3,738       3,738            2,841          2,841          
Surrender rates -10% 24             24                 18               18               
Contribution holiday -10% 256          256               195             195             
Discount rates -10% (3,950)      (3,950)           (3,002)         (3,002)         
2023
Mortality rates +10% (11)            (11)                (8)                (8)                
Morbidity rates +10% (10)            (10)                (8)                (8)                
Expenses +10% (3,212)      (3,212)           (2,441)         (2,441)         
Surrender rates +10% (61)            (61)                (46)              (46)              
Contribution holiday +10% (223)         (223)              (169)            (169)            
Discount rates +10% 1,781        1,781            1,354          1,354          
Mortality rates -10% (9)              (9)                  (7)                (7)                
Morbidity rates -10% (10)            (10)                (8)                (8)                
Expenses -10% 3,193       3,193            2,427          2,427          
Surrender rates -10% 41             41                 31               31               
Contribution holiday -10% 298          298               226             226             
Discount rates -10% (1,795)      (1,795)           (1,364)         (1,364)         
*
The method used and significant assumptions made in deriving sensitivity information
did not change from those used in the previous year. 
The impact on the family takaful fund reflects the after tax position which is
presumed to be nil as the family takaful fund is taxed only on investment income.
<--------------- Increase/(decrease) ---------------->
192


---- Page 166 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
329328
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/Takaful risk (cont'd.)
(d) Family retakaful fund 
(i) Nature of risk
(ii) Catastrophe Risk 
(iii) Contribution risk
(iv) Impact on CSM, profit and equity
Key assumptions
Contribution risk arises when contributions charged are insufficient to meet expected
claims and expenses.
Stress testing is performed on a atleast once a year, or more frequently if required. The
purpose of the stress testing is to test the solvency and financial viability of the family
retakaful fund under the various scenarios according to regulatory guidelines. Stress
tests and scenario analysis are used to assess the family retakaful subsidiary’s ability
to maintain minimum specified levels of capital and liquidity in exceptional but plausible
events and ensure consideration of the financial impact of plausible events in the
decision-making process and the effectiveness of management actions under stressed
conditions.
The family retakaful business is being guided by the regulations and relevant
guidelines in determining the liabilities and the choice of assumptions. Assumptions
used are based on past experience, current internal data, external market indices and
benchmarks, and other published information. Assumptions and prudent estimates are
determined at the date of valuation and no credit is taken for possible beneficial effects
of voluntary withdrawals. Assumptions are further evaluated on a continuous basis in
order to ensure realistic and reasonable valuations.
The risk that a single or a series of catastrophe events, usually over a short period,
which leads to a high number of claims or single large loss or combination of both.
The underwritten risks are further managed through retakaful arrangement.
The family retakaful subsidiary principally consists of Individual Family Retakaful Plans
and Group Family Retakaful Plans, covering mortality, morbidity and health, which
includes critical illness and medical related risks.
The actual experience illnesses of the underwritten risks is reviewed periodically to
ensure that appropriate policies, guidelines and limits put in place to manage these
risks remain adequate and appropriate.
Family retakaful underwriting risk relates to the pricing and loss ratios arising from
family retakaful products. The risks arise when actual claims experience is different
from the assumptions used in setting the yearly renewable rates for retakaful products.
Deviations in actual claims experience compared to the assumptions used may be due
to deviations in actual underwritten risks experience. The family retakaful business is
exposed to concentration risk through its retakaful contracts, which may be
concentrated in certain geographic regions and type of coverages.
193
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Insurance/Takaful risk (cont'd.)
(d) Family retakaful fund (cont'd.)
(iv) Impact on CSM, profit and equity (cont'd.)
Sensitivity analysis
Impact Impact Impact on
Change in on gross on net profit Impact on
assumptions CSM ** CSM before tax equity ***
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2024
Treaty - Proportional treaty (1)              (1)                  (12,711)       (11,694)       
Treaty - Non proportional treaty -                -                   (504)            (464)            
(1)              (1)                  (13,215)       (12,158)       
Treaty - Proportional treaty 968           968               8,594          7,907          
Treaty - Non proportional treaty -                -                   504             464             
968           968               9,098          8,371          
2023
Treaty - Proportional treaty (1,061)       (1,061)           (9,155)         (8,423)         
Treaty - Non proportional treaty -                -                   -                  -                  
(1,061)       (1,061)           (9,155)         (8,423)         
Treaty - Proportional treaty 1,063        1,063            5,124          4,714          
Treaty - Non proportional treaty -                -                   -                  -                  
1,063        1,063            5,124          4,714          
*   Stress is a multiplicative function.
** The amounts for the gross basis refer to both LIC & LRC.
*** The impact on equity reflects the impact after tax of 8% (2023: 8%), where
applicable.
This analysis assumes that other factors relevant, but not significant, to the valuation of
claim liabilities remain constant. 
The family retakaful fund's claim liabilities are sensitive to changes in loss ratios.
Due to limited information, the sensitivity analysis was applied to the ultimate loss ratio
of the family retakaful fund by increasing/(decreasing) the said ratio by 5%. The table
below shows the impact on the family retakaful fund’s gross and net CSM,
surplus/(deficit) before tax and family retakaful fund should the ultimate loss ratio be
increased/(decreased) by 5%:
Increase 5% *
Decrease 5% *
Increase 5% *
Decrease 5% *
194


---- Page 167 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
331330
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk
(a) Credit Risk
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv) Premium/contribution credit risk of financial loss arising from the non-payment of
insurance premiums/takaful contribution.  
Reinsurance/retakaful/takaful counterparty risk which is the risk of financial loss
arising from the default or deterioration of the solvency position of the
counterparties; and
Credit risk is the risk of a counterparty failing to perform its obligations as the risk that
counterparty fails on its financial obligations / does not honor its contract / default.
Credit risk includes the following major elements:
Transactions in financial instruments may result in the Group and the Company assuming
financial risks. These include credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk. This note presents
information about the Group's and the Company's exposure to each of the above risks and
the Group's and the Company's objectives, policies, and processes for measuring and
managing such risks.
An investment credit risk which is the risk of financial loss arising from a change in
the value of an investment. This is linked to the creditworthiness and the expected
ability of the issuer and/or financial institution (“counterparty”) to make timely
payment of interest and/or principal. Any adverse situations faced by the
counterparty may result in rating downgrades and default which may impact the
value as well as liquidity of the investments;
A derivative counterparty risk which is the risk of financial loss arising from a
derivative counterparty’s default, or the deterioration of the derivative
counterparty’s financial position;
The Group is exposed to investment credit risk on its investment portfolio, primarily
from investments in bonds/sukuks. Creditworthiness assessments encompass
thorough evaluations of the financial stability, performance and credit ratings of
potential new and existing investments are undertaken by the Group in accordance with
the guidelines outlined in the Group Investment Policy (“GIP”) as approved by the
Board. In addition, the credit ratings of the bonds/sukuks portfolios are regularly
monitored and any downgrade in credit ratings triggers an immediate evaluation
process to determine the appropriate course of actions. This evaluation involves
assessing the impact of the downgrade on the overall risk profile of the portfolio and
implementing necessary measures to mitigate associated risks. As at the reporting
date, the Group's bonds/sukuks portfolio has no material exposure below investment
grade.
195
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(iv)
The Group is exposed to reinsurance/retakaful/takaful counterparty risks of three
different types:
In establishing internal single counterparty limits for Financial Institutions (“FI”) for
money market placements and other investment instruments, credit ratings and
financial strength of the FIs are the key determinants to set the limit. These FI
limits are set to prevent excessive risk concentration of a particular FI. 
To mitigate reinsurance/retakaful/takaful counterparty risk, the Group will give due
consideration to the credit quality of the counterparties. To facilitate this process, a
list of acceptable counterparties based on their rating is maintained within the
Group. The Group regularly reviews the financial security of its counterparties.
Group Credit Risk Management Policy sets out key processes for credit risk
management with primary focus on pro-actively identifying, assessing and
monitoring credit related exposure within the business.
Investment policies prescribe the minimum credit rating for Corporate Bonds and
Sukuk that may be invested to mitigate the likelihood of potential default of any
individual counterparty.
In order to manage and mitigate credit risk, the following policies and procedures were
set in place:
as a result of reserves held by the counterparties which would have to be met by
the reinsurance/retakaful and takaful subsidiaries in the event of default.
Management of credit risk
as a result of recoveries owing from the counterparties for claims/benefits;
from amounts due from ceding companies; and
The Group's investment portfolio is managed to ensure diversification and focuses
on high quality investment grade fixed income securities and equities with good
fundamentals. For the financial year ended 31 March 2024, the credit rating of the
Group's fixed income portfolio was dominated by Government Investment Issues
(“GII”), Malaysian Government Securities (“MGS”) and securities rated AAA as
determined by Rating Agency Malaysia ("RAM") and/or Malaysian Rating
Corporation Berhad ("MARC"); and
196


---- Page 168 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
333332
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Credit exposure by credit rating for 2024
Government AAA/P1 Not subject to
guaranteed to BBB BB to C credit risk Not rated* Total
Group RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVTPL
Designated upon initial recognition:
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 798,892        587,969        -                   -                    -                   1,386,861     
Government investment issues 1,532,331     -                    -                   -                    -                   1,532,331     
Malaysian government securities 301,812        -                    -                   -                    -                   301,812        
Mandatorily measured:
Government investment issues 379,665        -                    -                   -                    -                   379,665        
Quoted shares in Malaysia:
Shariah approved equities -                    -                    -                   221,166        -                   221,166        
Others -                    -                    -                   12,237          -                   12,237          
Unquoted perpetual bond in Malaysia -                    4,964            -                   -                    -                   4,964            
Unquoted corporate debt securities 148,057        586,585        -                   -                    5,576           740,218        
Shariah approved unit trust funds -                    -                    -                   356,830        -                   356,830        
Real estate investment trusts:
- Shariah approved -                    -                    -                   14,665          -                   14,665          
- Non-Shariah approved -                    -                    -                   9,050            -                   9,050            
Derivative -                    -                    -                   (320)              -                   (320)              
The table below provides information regarding the credit risk exposures of the Group and the Company by classifying assets according to the
credit ratings of counterparties. The reinsurers’/retakaful operators’ share of unearned premium reserves and unearned contribution reserveshave been excluded from the analysis as they are not contractual obligations.
197
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Credit exposure by credit rating for 2024 (cont'd.)
Not
Government AAA/P1 subject to
guaranteed to BBB BB to C credit risk Not rated* Total
Group (cont'd.) RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVOCI
Government investment issues 249,969        -                    -                   -                    -                   249,969        
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                    -                    -                   -                    -                   -                 
Malaysian government securities -                    -                    -                   -                    -                   -                 
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 90,241          198,130        -                   -                    -                   288,371        
Unquoted shares in Malaysia -                    -                    -                   87,666          -                   87,666          
Golf club membership -                    -                    -                   233               -                   233               
Financial assets at amortised cost
Fixed and call deposits with licensed:
Commercial banks -                    190,239        -                   -                    -                   190,239        
Foreign banks -                    779,854        -                   -                    -                   779,854        
   Islamic investment accounts with licensed:
      Islamic banks -                    3,671,108     -                   3,180            74,601         3,748,889     
   Investment banks -                    -                    -                   -                    -                   -                 
     Development banks -                    734,070        -                   -                    -                   734,070        
Islamic commercial paper -                    59,569          -                   -                    -                   59,569          
Secured staff loans -                    -                    -                   -                    2,584           2,584            
198


---- Page 169 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
335334
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Credit exposure by credit rating for 2024 (cont'd.)
Not
Government AAA/P1 subject to
guaranteed to BBB BB to C credit risk Not rated* Total
Group (cont'd.) RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at amortised cost (cont'd.)
Income due and accrued 41,674          68,674          -                   355               1,755           112,458 
Insurance/takaful contract assets -                    119,084        -                   -                    7,517           126,601        
Reinsurance/retakaful contract assets -                    402,234        -                   -                    175,990       578,224        
Due from Lloyds' syndicate -                    40,573          -                   -                    -                   40,573          
Sundry receivables -                    -                    -                   -                    19,318         19,318          
Cash and bank balances -                    115,587        -                   -                    17                115,604        
3,542,641 7,558,640   -     705,062 287,358 12,093,700 
*
Company
Financial assets at FVTPL
Shariah approved unit trust fund -                    -                    -                   5,329 -                   5,329 
Financial assets at FVOCI
Golf club membership -                    -                    -                   50                 -                   50 
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                    49,759          -                   -                    -                   49,759 
Non-rated balances primarily relate to balances due/recoverable from (re)insurers and/or (re)takaful operators licensed under FSA, IFSA 2013
and Labuan Financial Services and Securities Act 2010 ("LFSSA") respectively.
199
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Credit exposure by credit rating for 2024 (cont'd.)
Not
Government AAA/P1 subject to
guaranteed to BBB BB to C credit risk Not rated Total
Company (cont'd.) RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at amortised cost
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                    1,000            -                   -                    -                   1,000            
Islamic investment accounts with licensed:
Islamic banks -                    219,445        -                   -                    -                   219,445 
Development bank -                    12,072          -                   -                    -                   12,072 
Secured staff loans -                    -                    -                   -                    507 507 
Amounts due from subsidiaries -                    -                    -                   -                    8,835 8,835 
Income due and accrued -                    -                    -                   -                    1,024 1,024 
Sundry receivables -                    -                    -                   -                    266 266 
Cash and bank balances -                    481               -                   -                    -                   481 
-                    282,757 -                   5,379 10,632 298,768 
200


---- Page 170 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
337336
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Credit exposure by credit rating for 2023 (cont'd.)
Not
Government AAA/P1 subject to
guaranteed to BBB BB to C credit risk Not rated* Total
Group RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVTPL
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 811,329        625,382        -                   -                    -                   1,436,711 
Government investment issues 1,414,505     -                    -                   -                    -                   1,414,505 
Mandatorily measured:
Quoted shares in Malaysia:
Shariah approved equities -                    -                    -                   166,292        -                   166,292 
Others -                    -                    -                   56,296          -                   56,296 
Unquoted perpetual bond in Malaysia -                    4,884            -                   -                    -                   4,884 
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                    -                    -                   -                    5,576           5,576 
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities -                    -                    -                -                    -                   -                    
Shariah approved unit trust funds -                    -                    -                   346,407        -                   346,407 
Real estate investment trusts:
- Shariah approved -                    -                    -                   5,859            -                   5,859 
- Non-Shariah approved -                    -                    -                   8,694            -                   8,694 
Derivative -                    -                   69                 -                   69 
201
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Credit exposure by credit rating for 2023 (cont'd.)
Not
Government AAA/P1 subject to
guaranteed to BBB BB to C credit risk Not rated* Total
Group (cont'd.) RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVOCI
Government investment issues 685,736        -                    -                   -                    -                   685,736 
Unquoted corporate debt securities 145,969        489,603        -                   -                    -                   635,572 
Malaysian government securities 89,773          -                    -                   -                    -                   89,773 
Unquoted shares in Malaysia -                    -                    -                   87,119          -                   87,119 
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 117,446        188,023        -                   -                    -                   305,469 
Golf club membership -                    -                    -                   233               -                   233 
202


---- Page 171 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
339338
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Credit exposure by credit rating for 2023 (cont'd.)
Government AAA/P1 Not subject to
guaranteed to BBB BB to C credit risk Not rated* Total
Group (cont'd.) RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at amortised cost
Fixed and call deposits with licensed:
Commercial banks -                    114,400        -                   -                    -                   114,400 
Foreign banks -                    533,171        -                   -                    -                   533,171 
   Islamic investment accounts with licensed:
      Islamic banks -                    3,472,984     -                   -                    -                   3,472,984 
   Development banks -                    499,349        -                   -                    -                   499,349 
Islamic commercial paper -                    -                    -                   -                    -                     -     
Commercial paper -                    -                    -                   -                    -                     -     
Secured staff loans -                    -                    -                   -                    3,068           3,068 
Income due and accrued 30,929          33,246          -                   1,034            1,293           66,502 
Amounts due from associates -                    12                 -                   -                    -                   12 
Insurance/takaful contract assets -                    60,239          -                   -                    4,170           64,409 
Reinsurance/retakaful contract assets -                    278,504        -                   -                    252,538       531,042 
Due from Lloyds' syndicate -                    50,812          -                   -                    -                   50,812 
Sundry receivables -                    175               -                   -                    37,078         37,253 
Cash and bank balances -                    205,446        -                   16                 -                   205,462 
3,295,687 6,556,230   -     672,019 303,723 10,827,659 
*Non-rated balances primarily relate to balances due/recoverable from (re)insurers and/or (re)takaful operators licensed under FSA, IFSA 2013
and Labuan Financial Services and Securities Act 2010 ("LFSSA") respectively.
203
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Credit exposure by credit rating for 2023 (cont'd.)
Government AAA/P1 Not subject to
guaranteed to BBB BB to C credit risk Not rated Total
Company RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVTPL
Shariah approved unit trust fund -                    -                    -                   5,181 -                   5,181 
Financial assets at FVOCI
Golf club membership -                    -                    -                   50                 -                   50 
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                    49,632          -                   -                    -                   49,632 
Financial assets at amortised cost
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                    1,000            -                   -                    -                   1,000 
Islamic investment accounts with licensed:
Islamic banks -                    66,547          -                   -                    -                   66,547 
Development bank -                    10,445          -                   -                    -                   10,445 
Secured staff loans -                    -                    -                   -                    569 569 
Amounts due from subsidiaries -                    -                    -                   -                    15,472 15,472 
Income due and accrued -                    -                    -                   -                    442 442 
Sundry receivables -                    -                    -                   -                    341 341 
Cash and bank balances -                    277               -                   -                    -                   277 
-                    127,901 -                   5,231 16,824 149,956 
204


---- Page 172 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
341340
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
The Group and the Company assess the possible default events within 12 months for the
calculation of the 12-month ECL in Stage 1. A newly purchased or originated financial
assets will be subject to ECL upon recognition in Stage 1.
Investment assets - Reconciliation of allowance account 
Significant increase in credit risk ("SICR")
Expected credit loss ("ECL")
The Group and the Company apply the General Approach or the "three-bucket" approach
which is based on the change in credit quality of financial instruments since initial
recognition to assess the impairment for investment assets. In particular, recognition of
Expected Credit Loss ("ECL") is dependent on which of the three stages a particular
financial instrument is assigned to. Assets move through the three stages as credit
quality changes and the stages dictate how the Group and the Company measure
impairment losses and apply the effective interest rate (“EIR”) method with the forward
looking element to compute the ECL.
The Group and the Company measure both quantitative and qualitative parameters in the
assessment of credit risk status from the initial recognition of the securities and at the
reporting date.
To estimate the lifetime ECL for financial instruments classified in Stage 2, the Group and
the Company are required to estimate the probability of default occurring in the 12
months after the financial year end and in each subsequent year throughout the expected
life of the financial instruments.
The financial assets are credit impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental
impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial assets have occurred.
As at the reporting date, all financial assets at amortised cost held by the Group and the
Company are classified as Stage 1.
The following table shows the carrying value of the Group's financial assets measured at
AC and the expected credit loss amount recognised. There were no ECL arising for the
Company as at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023.
205
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Group
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Total carrying amount of financial investment at AC 40,573        50,812        
Total ECL on financial investment at AC
as at 31 March 3                 3                 
Group
2024 2023
RM'000 RM'000
Financial investments at FVOCI
Government guaranteed 340,210      1,038,924   
AAA to BBB 198,130      677,626      
Not subject to credit risk 87,666        87,352        
Total carrying amount of financial investment at FVOCI 626,006      1,803,902   
Total ECL on financial investment at FVOCI
as at 31 March 177             136             
Group
FVOCI AC Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Balance as at 1 April 2022 125              3                 128             
Net adjustment of loss allowances 11                -              11               
Balance as at 31 March 2023 136              3                 139             
Net adjustment of loss allowances 41                -              41               
Balance as at 31 March 2024 177              3                 180             
Expected credit loss ("ECL") (cont'd.)
Investment assets - Reconciliation of allowance account (cont'd.)
As at the reporting date, all financial investments measured at FVOCI held by the Group
and the Company are classified as Stage 1.
Movements in allowances for impairment losses for financial investments measured at
FVOCI and AC are as follows:
The following table shows the carrying value of the Group's financial assets measured at
FVOCI and the expected credit loss amount recognised. There were no ECL arising for
the Company as at 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023.
206


---- Page 173 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
343342
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit Risk (cont'd.)
Definition of default
(i) Quantitative criteria
(ii) Qualitative criteria
The Group and the Company consider a financial asset to be in default by assessing the
following criteria:
Default occurs when the counterparty is in bankruptcy or has indications of
potentially significant financial difficulty such as lawsuits or similar actions that
threaten the financial viability of the counterparty.
The criteria above have been applied to all financial instruments held by the Group
and the Company and are consistent with the definition of default used for credit risk
management purposes. The default definition has been applied consistently to model
the PD, LGD and EAD throughout the Group's and the Company's expected loss
calculations.
Other financial asset - Reconciliation of allowance account
Other financial assets consist of reinsurance/retakaful assets, insurance/takaful
receivables and other receivables.
Takaful receivables of the takaful subsidiaries are considered to be in default when
the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 12 months from the time
when they fall due, which is derived based on the subsidiaries' historical information. 
Whereas for the reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary, insurance/takaful receivables are
considered to be in default when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments
within 24 months when they fall due, which is derived based on the subsidiary's
historical information. For reinsurance deposits placed, balances aged more than 18
months are deemed to be credit impaired.
207
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit risk (cont'd.)
Incorporation of forward-looking information
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
31 March 2024
ECL rate 0.14% 0.31% 2.27% 9.19% 33.25% 36.27%
Gross carrying amount 369,687          311,348         20,018          8,708           1,251            6,162             717,174        
Allowance for ECL 503                 973                454               801              416               2,235             5,382            
31 March 2023ECL rate 0.14% 0.38% 1.89% 7.36% 19.54% 48.37%
Gross carrying amount 318,876          214,325         22,696          8,271           1,392            8,201             573,761        
Allowance for ECL 440                 805                428               609              272               3,967             6,521            
The Group and the Company incorporate forward-looking information into both the assessment of whether the credit risk of an instrument has
increased significantly since its initial recognition and the measurement of ECL. The Group and the Company have performed historical analysesand identified key economic variables impacting credit risk and expected credit losses for each portfolio.
The sensitivity of the ECL to the economic variable assumptions affecting the calculation of ECL was not material to the Group and the Company.
Not due 1 to 6 months
7 to 12 
months
13 to 18 
months
19 to 24 
months
More than 24 
months Total
Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the insurance/takaful receivables within the balances of insurance/takaful
contract/certificates liabilities of the Group's reinsurance/retakaful subsidiary using a provision matrix:
Months past due
208


---- Page 174 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
345344
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit risk (cont'd.)
Incorporation of forward-looking information (cont'd.)
Not due  0-3 Months 4-6 Months 7-9 Months 10-12 Months > 1 year Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
31 March 2024
ECL rate 0.00% 0.50% 1.16% 18.69% 28.91% 58.78% 2.56%
Gross carrying amount 3,937              168,277         29,696          3,632           2,632            4,796             212,970        
Allowance for ECL -                     847                345               679              761               2,819             5,451            
31 March 2023ECL rate 0.00% 2.54% 2.19% 8.90% 39.83% 46.00% 5.79%
Gross carrying amount 5,073              107,417         17,353          7,143           3,030            7,842             147,858        
Allowance for ECL -                     2,727             380               636              1,207            3,607             8,557            
Months past due
Table below shows the credit risk exposure on the takaful receivables within the balances of insurance/takaful contract/certificates liabilities of
the Group's takaful subsidiaries using a provision matrix:
209
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit risk (cont'd.)
Incorporation of forward-looking information (cont'd.)
Not credit Credit
impaired impaired Total
Group RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Gross carrying amounts
As at 1 April 2023 714,306 7,313 721,619
Increase/(decrease) 214,818 (8,400)            206,418
As at 31 March 2024 929,124 (1,087)            928,037
Allowance for ECL
As at 1 April 2023 8,962 6,116 15,078
Increase/(decrease) 3,835 (2,389)            1,446            
As at 31 March 2024 12,797 3,727 16,524
The following table shows the movement in gross insurance/takaful receivables and the loss allowances recognised for credit impaired
receivables.
210


---- Page 175 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
347346
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit risk (cont'd.)
Incorporation of forward-looking information (cont'd.)
Not credit Credit
impaired impaired Total
Group (cont'd.) RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Gross carrying amounts
As at 1 April 2022 623,724 7,841 631,565
Increase/(decrease) 90,582 (528)               90,054
As at 31 March 2023 714,306 7,313 721,619
Allowance for ECL
As at 1 April 2022 10,655 6,084 16,739
(Decrease)/increase (1,693)           32                  (1,661)           
As at 31 March 2023 8,962 6,116 15,078
211
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(a) Credit risk (cont'd.)
Movement of allowance for impairment losses on insurance/takaful receivables.
Group Individually Collectively
impaired impaired Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2024
At 1 April 2023 5,155           9,923          15,078        
(Reversal of)/provision for impairment 
losses for the year (2,071)                        650          (1,421)
At 31 March 2024            3,084          10,573          13,656 
2023
At 1 April 2022 5,499           11,240        16,739        
Reversal of impairment  losses for the year (344)                     (1,317)          (1,661)
At 31 March 2023            5,155            9,923          15,078 
(b) Liquidity risk 
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
The Group and the Company assess liquidity risk by ensuring the following:
The Group and the Company are able to meet payment obligations under normal
and stressed operating environments without suffering any loss;
Additions/withdrawals from the Group's and the Company’s investment funds are
managed efficiently; and
Appropriate measures are in place to respond to liquidity risk.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group and the Company will not have sufficient cash
resources available to meet payment obligations without incurring material additional
costs.
212


---- Page 176 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
349348
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(b) Liquidity Risk (cont'd.)
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(v)
As part of its liquidity management strategy, the Group has in place the Group Liquidity
Management Policy which outlines the processes capable of measuring and reporting on:
Daily cash flows;
Minimum liquidity holdings;
The composition and market values of investment portfolios, including liquid
holdings; and
The holding of liquid assets in the respective reinsurance, retakaful and takaful
funds.
To manage the liquidity of the reinsurance/retakaful/takaful funds, the investment
mandate requires that a certain proportion of the funds is maintained as liquid assets in
line with BNM’s RBC Framework and RBCT Framework requirements for liquid assets.
Maturity Profiles
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the assets and liabilities of the Group
and of the Company based on remaining undiscounted contractual obligations, including
insurance/reinsurance contracts, takaful/ retakaful contracts, interest/profit payable and
receivable. For insurance and takaful contract liabilities and reinsurance and retakaful
assets, maturity profiles are determined based on estimated timing of net cash outflows
from the recognised insurance/takaful liabilities. 
Liquidity risk position
213
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(b) Liquidity risk (cont'd.)
Maturity profiles for 2024
Group Carrying Up to 1 - 5 Over No maturity
value 1 year years 5 years date Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVTPL
Designated upon initial recognition
Government investment issues 1,532,331      73,915           30,374           1,433,267     -                      1,537,556     
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 1,386,861      56,019           349,119         984,400        -                      1,389,538     
Malaysian government securities 301,812         10,132           106,056         265,338        -                      381,526        
Mandatorily measured
Government investment issues 379,665         49,147           200,720         206,447        -                      456,314        
Quoted shares in Malaysia:
Shariah approved equities 221,166         -                     -                     -                    221,166          221,166        
Others 12,237           -                     -                     -                    12,237            12,237          
Unquoted perpetual bond in Malaysia 4,964             180                5,122             -                    -                      5,302            
Unquoted corporate debt securities 740,218         178,495         327,143         295,988        -                      801,626        
Real estate investment trusts:
- Shariah approved 14,665           -                     -                     -                    14,665            14,665          
- Non-Shariah approved 9,050             -                     -                     -                    9,050              9,050            
Shariah approved unit trusts 356,830         -                     -                     -                    356,830          356,830        
Derivative (320)               -                     -                     -                    (320)                (320)              
214


---- Page 177 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
351350
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(b) Liquidity risk (cont'd.)
Maturity profiles for 2024 (cont'd.)
Group (cont'd.) Carrying Up to 1 - 5 Over No maturity
value 1 year years 5 years date Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVOCI
Government investment issues 249,969         5,099             50,039           199,655        -                      254,793        
Unquoted shares in Malaysia 87,666           -                     -                     -                    87,666            87,666          
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 288,371         32,645           141,585         138,581        -                      312,811        
Golf club membership 233                -                     -                     -                    233                 233               
Financial assets at amortised cost
Fixed and call deposits with licensed:
Commercial banks 190,239         192,453         -                     -                    -                      192,453        
Foreign banks 779,854         779,854         -                     -                    -                      779,854        
Islamic investment accounts with licensed:
Islamic banks 3,748,889      3,762,434      -                     -                    -                      3,762,434     
   Development banks 734,070         789,433         -                     -                    -                      789,433        
Commercial paper 59,569           60,000           -                     -                    -                      60,000          
Secured staff loans 2,584             601                2,033             3                   -                      2,637            
215
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(b) Liquidity risk (cont'd.)
Maturity profiles for 2024 (cont'd.)
Group (cont'd.) Carrying Up to 1 - 5 Over No maturity
value 1 year years 5 years date Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at amortised cost (cont'd.)
Income due and accrued 112,458         112,458         -                     -                    -                      112,458        
Insurance/takaful contract assets 66,334           -                     -                     -                    66,334            66,334          
Reinsurance/retakaful contract assets 500,125         288,375         227,526         88,793          (6,841)             597,853        
Amount due from Insurance pool accounts 23                  23                  -                     -                    -                      23                 
Due from Lloyds' syndicate 40,573           -                     40,573           -                    -                      40,573          
Sundry receivables 19,318           19,390           200                -                    -                      19,590          
Cash and bank balances 115,604         115,604         -                     -                    -                      115,604        
Total financial and insurance assets 11,955,358    6,526,077      1,475,368      3,612,472     765,984          12,379,901   
Borrowings (620,000)        (12,660)          (114,009)        (721,324)       -                      (847,993)       
Lease liabilities (3,016)            (2,417)            (5,418)            -                    -                      (7,835)           
Insurance/takaful contract liabilities (9,602,091)     (2,619,685)     (3,033,141)     (2,900,705)    (1,049,229)      (9,602,761)    
Reinsurance/retakaful contract liabilities (31,938)          (26,257)          -                     -                    (5,681)             (31,938)         
Zakat payables (2,661)            (2,661)            -                     -                    -                      (2,661)           
Other payables (excluding provisions) (268,668)        (268,668)        -                     -                    -                      (268,668)       
Total financial and insurance liabilities (10,528,374)   (2,932,348)     (3,152,568)     (3,622,029)    (1,054,910)      (10,761,856)  
Surplus/(deficit) 1,426,983      3,593,729      (1,677,200)     (9,557)           (288,926)         1,618,045     
216


---- Page 178 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
353352
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(b) Liquidity risk (cont'd.)
Maturity profiles for 2024 (cont'd.)
Company Carrying Up to 1 - 5 Over No maturity
value 1 year years 5 years date Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVTPL
Shariah approved unit trust fund 5,329             -                     -                     -                    5,329              5,329            
Non-Shariah approved unit trust fund -                     -                     -                    -                    
Financial assets at FVOCI
Golf club membership 50                  -                     -                     -                    50                   50                 
Unquoted corporate debt securities 49,759           2,190             8,766             52,094          -                      63,050          
Financial assets at amortised cost
Unquoted corporate debt securities 1,000             50                  1,020             -                      1,070            
Islamic investment accounts with licensed:
Islamic banks 219,445         221,752         -                     -                    -                      221,752        
Development bank 12,072           12,196           -                     -                    -                      12,196          
Secured staff loans 507                198                359                3                   -                      560               
Amount due from subsidiaries 8,835             8,835             -                     -                    -                      8,835            
Income due and accrued 1,024             1,024             -                     -                    -                      1,024            
Sundry receivables 266                266                -                     -                    -                      266               
Cash and bank balances 481                481                -                     -                    -                      481               
Total financial assets 298,768         246,992         10,145           52,097          5,379              314,613        
Borrowing (420,000)        (18,732)          (93,711)          (494,517)       -                      (606,960)       
Lease liabilities (2,373)            (1,250)            (1,250)            -                    -                      (2,500)           
Other payables (excluding provisions) (12,630)          (12,630)          -                     -                    -                      (12,630)         
Total financial liabilities (435,003)        (32,612)          (94,961)          (494,517)       -                      (622,090)       
(Deficit)/surplus (136,235)        214,380         (84,816)          (442,420)       5,379              (307,477)       
217
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(b) Liquidity risk (cont'd.)
Maturity profiles for 2023
Group Carrying Up to 1 - 5 Over No maturity
value 1 year years 5 years date Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVTPL
Designated upon initial recognition
Government investment issues 1,414,505      62,655           265,667         2,135,768     -                      2,464,090     
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 1,436,711      108,405         561,027         1,546,617     -                      2,216,049     
Mandatorily measured
Quoted shares in Malaysia:
Shariah approved equities 166,292         -                     -                     -                    166,292          166,292        
Others 56,296           -                     -                     -                    56,296            56,296          
Unquoted perpetual bond in Malaysia 4,884             -                     -                     -                    5,482              5,482            
Unquoted corporate debt securities 5,576             201                1,658             39,583          -                      41,442          
Real estate investment trusts:
- Shariah approved 5,859             -                     -                     -                    5,859              5,859            
- Non-Shariah approved 8,694             -                     -                     -                    8,694              8,694            
Shariah approved unit trusts 346,407         -                     -                     -                    346,407          346,407        
Derivative 69                  -                     -                     -                    69                   69                 
218


---- Page 179 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
355354
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(b) Liquidity risk (cont'd.)
Maturity profiles for 2023 (cont'd.)
Group (cont'd.) Carrying Up to 1 - 5 Over No maturity
value 1 year years 5 years date Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVOCI
Malaysian government securities 89,773           3,398             42,725           70,617          -                      116,740        
Government investment issues 685,736         38,184           398,131         438,715        -                      875,030        
Unquoted corporate debt securities 635,572         135,843         359,916         272,373        -                      768,132        
Unquoted shares in Malaysia 87,119           -                     -                     -                    87,119            87,119          
Unquoted Islamic private debt securities 305,469         37,451           149,210         207,165        -                      393,826        
Golf club membership 233                -                     -                     -                    233                 233               
Financial assets at amortised cost
Fixed and call deposits with licensed:
Commercial banks 114,400         114,733         -                     -                    -                      114,733        
Foreign banks 533,171         536,418         -                     -                    -                      536,418        
Islamic investment accounts with licensed:
Islamic banks 3,472,984      3,509,394      -                     -                    -                      3,509,394     
   Development banks 499,349         510,984         -                     -                    -                      510,984        
Secured staff loans 3,068             1,155             1,913             -                    -                      3,068            
Income due and accrued 66,502           66,502           -                     -                    -                      66,502          
Amounts due from associates 12                  12                  -                     -                    -                      12                 
Amount due from Insurance pool accounts 48                  48                  -                     -                    -                      48                 
219
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(b) Liquidity risk (cont'd.)
Maturity profiles for 2023 (cont'd.)
Group (cont'd.) Carrying Up to 1 - 5 Over No maturity
value 1 year years 5 years date Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at amortised cost (cont'd.)
Due from Lloyds' syndicate 50,812           -                     50,812           -                    -                      50,812          
Sundry receivables 32,721           34,092           -                     -                    190                 34,282          
Reinsurance/retakaful assets 300,441         192,058         101,927         2,286            4,170              300,441        
Insurance/takaful receivables 234,857         83,951           121,471         518               28,917            234,857        
Cash and bank balances 205,462         205,462         -                     -                    -                      205,462        
Total financial and insurance/takaful assets 10,763,022    5,640,946      2,054,457      4,713,642     709,728          13,118,773   
Borrowings (520,000)        (27,094)          (109,265)        (572,530)       -                      (708,889)       
Insurance/takaful contract liabilities (7,889,753)     (1,921,213)     (2,196,053)     (3,716,046)    (56,645)           (7,889,957)    
Reinsurance/retakaful contract liabilities (5,579)            (5,557)            -                     -                    (22)                  (5,579)           
Lease liabilities (1,962)            (1,305)            (2,497)            -                    -                      (3,802)           
Zakat payables (306,616)        (306,616)        -                     -                    -                      (306,616)       
Other payables (excluding provisions) (141,798)        (141,798)        -                     -                    -                      (141,798)       
Total financial and insurance liabilities (8,865,708)     (2,403,583)     (2,307,815)     (4,288,576)    (56,667)           (9,056,641)    
Surplus 1,897,314      3,237,363      (253,358)        425,066        653,061          4,062,132     
220


---- Page 180 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
357356
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(b) Liquidity risk (cont'd.)
Maturity profiles for 2023 (cont'd.)
Company Carrying Up to 1 - 5 Over No maturity
value 1 year years 5 years date Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Financial assets at FVTPL
Shariah approved unit trust fund 5,181             -                     -                     -                    5,181              5,181            
Financial assets at FVOCI
Golf club membership 50                  -                     -                     -                    50                   50                 
Unquoted corporate debt securities 49,632           2,173             8,702             54,003          -                      64,878          
Financial assets at amortised cost
Unquoted corporate debt securities 1,000             49                  1,070             -                    -                      1,119            
Islamic investment accounts with licensed:
Islamic banks 66,547           67,405           -                     -                    -                      67,405          
Development bank 10,445           10,462           -                     -                    -                      10,462          
Secured staff loans 569                464                105                -                    -                      569               
Amount due from subsidiaries 15,472           15,472           -                     -                    -                      15,472          
Income due and accrued 442                442                -                     -                    -                      442               
Sundry receivables 341                341                -                     -                    -                      341               
Cash and bank balances 277                277                -                     -                    -                      277               
Total financial assets 149,956         97,085           9,877             54,003          5,231              166,196        
Borrowing (320,000)        (16,640)          (66,606)          (336,275)       -                      (419,521)       
Other payables (excluding provisions) (11,822)          (11,822)          -                     -                    -                      (11,822)         
Total financial liabilities (331,822)        (28,462)          (66,606)          (336,275)       -                      (431,343)       
(Deficit)/surplus (181,866)        68,623           (56,729)          (282,272)       5,231              (265,147)       
221
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(c) Market risk
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
Price risk
The Group’s price risk exposures relate to financial assets and financial liabilities whose values
will fluctuate as a result of changes in market prices.
Market risk is the risk of loss arising from a change in the values of, or the income from,
financial assets and the change in value of the insurance liabilities. The risk of loss also arises
from volatility in asset prices, interest/profit rates, or foreign currency exchange rates to the
asset prices and value of the insurance liabilities. Market risk includes the following elements:
Price risk which is the risk of fluctuations in the fair value or future cash flows of a financial
instrument impacting the equity and collective investment schemes (property trusts and
unit trust funds) prices;
Foreign exchange risk which is the risk of fluctuations in the fair value or future cash flows
of a financial instrument and insurance liabilities arising from a movement of or volatility in
exchange rates;
Interest/profit rate risk which is the risk of fluctuations in the fair value or future cash flows
of a financial instrument and insurance liabilities arising from variability in interest/profit
rates; and
Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flow of a financial instrument fluctuates
because of changes in market prices (other than those arising from interest rate/profit rate risk
or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the individual
financial instrument or its issuer or factors affecting similar financial instruments traded in the
market.
MNRB and its main operating subsidiaries manage such risks by setting and monitoring
objectives and constraints on investments, diversification plans, limits on investments in each
sector, market and issuer, having regard also to such limits as stipulated by BNM. The Group
complied with such limits as stipulated by BNM during the financial year and had no significant
concentration of price risk.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in key variables with all
other variables held constant, showing the impact on profit before tax and equity (inclusive of
the impact on other comprehensive income). The correlation of variables have a significant
effect in determining the ultimate impact on price risk. Additionally, changes in variables are
considered individually. It should be noted that movements in these variables are non-linear.
Property investment risk which is the risk of fluctuations in the fair value or future cash
flows of a property arising from decline in real estate values or income, where MNRB and
its main operating subsidiaries have invested in property or real estate for own occupancy,
investment or rental purpose.
222


---- Page 181 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
359358
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(c) Market risk (cont'd.)
Price risk (cont'd.)
Sensitivity analysis
Impact Impact on
Changes on profit before equity/
Group in market zakat and participants'
indices taxation fund*
RM'000 RM'000
2024
Price/NAV + 5% 20,682               22,001             
Price/NAV  - 5% (20,682)              (22,001)            
2023
Price/NAV + 5% 12,799               15,752             
Price/NAV  - 5% (12,799)              (15,752)            
Impact Impact on
Company Changes on profit equity/
in market before participants'
indices tax fund*
RM'000 RM'000
2024
Price/NAV + 5% 266                    203                  
Price/NAV  - 5% (266)                   (203)                 
2023
Price/NAV + 5% 259                    197                  
Price/NAV  - 5% (259)                   (197)                 
*   The impact on equity reflects the after tax impact.
 <---- Increase/(decrease) ----> 
The equities under the investment-linked fund were excluded from the sensitivity analysis as
the risks associated with the fluctuations in market prices of the equities are borne by the
participants.
 <---- Increase/(decrease) ----> 
223
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(c) Market risk (cont'd.)
Foreign exchange risk/currency risk
Sensitivity analysis
Impact on
Impact on Impact profit before
gross on net zakat and Impact on
Group liabilities liabilities taxation equity*
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2024
Foreign currency 6,366      0 (1,986)          0 24,510               22,549             
Foreign currency (6,366)     0 1,986           0 (24,510)              (22,549)            
2023
Foreign currency 7,000      (1,107)          20,240               18,620             
Foreign currency (7,000)     1,107           (20,240)              (18,620)            
* The impact on equity reflects the after tax impact.
+5%
+5%
 The method used in performing the sensitivity analysis is consistent with the prior year.
-5%
-5%
Currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial asset and/or
liability will fluctuate because of movements in foreign currency exchange rates.
The Group’s primary transactions are carried out in Ringgit Malaysia ("RM") and its exposure to
foreign exchange risk arises principally because of its foreign currency denominated
underwriting revenues (such as premiums/contributions) and expenses (such as
claims/benefits and commission expenses).
The Group has a foreign exchange risk management plan in place and is continuously
enhancing its risk mitigation measures. The management’s Asset & Liability Committee
convenes regular meetings to discuss and deliberate on foreign exchange related issues
including hedging strategy to reduce unhedged foreign exchange, as well as other measures to
mitigate foreign exchange risk.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in key variables with all
other variables held constant, showing the impact on gross and net claims liabilities, profit
before tax and equity. The sensitivity analysis was applied to the Group’s gross and net claim
liabilities in foreign currencies, while the impact on profit before taxation and equity includes the
hedging effect from the backing assets held in the respective foreign currencies.
 Changes 
<---------------------- Increase/(decrease) ---------------------->
 in variable 
224


---- Page 182 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
361360
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(c) Market risk (cont'd.)
Interest/profit rate risk
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
Sensitivity analysis
Impact on Impact on
profit equity/
before zakat participants'
Changes and taxation fund*
in variable RM'000 RM'000
Group
2024
Interest/profit rates +25 bp               (54,220)             (50,659)
Interest/profit rates -25 bp                54,220               50,659 
2023
Interest/profit rates +25 bp               (71,489)             (81,128)
Interest/profit rates -25 bp                71,489               81,128 
present value of insurance liabilities would move in direct proportion to changes in rates.
Future cash flows of variable interest/profit-bearing assets would move in direct proportion
to changes in rates.
<-------------- (Decrease)/increase -------------->
The nature of the Group's exposure to interest/profit rate risk and its objectives, policies and
processes for managing interest/profit rate risk have not changed significantly from the
previous financial year.
The Group manages its interest/profit rate risk by matching, where possible, the duration and
profile of assets and liabilities to minimise the impact of mismatches between the value of
assets and liabilities from interest/profit rate movements. The Group also consistently monitors
the financial, market and economic development in determining interest rates direction and
formulating investment and asset liability strategy.
The earnings of the Group are affected by changes in market interest/profit rates due to the
impact such changes have on interest/profit income from cash and cash equivalents, including
investments in fixed/Islamic deposits. The value of the Group’s fixed income portfolio is
inversely related to interest/profit rates. There is no direct contractual relationship between
financial assets and insurance contracts. However, the Group and Company's interest rate risk
policy requires it to manage the extent of net interest rate risk by maintaining an appropriate
mix of fixed and variable rate instruments to support the insurance contract liabilities. The
policy also requires it to manage the maturities of interest bearing financial assets.
A change of 25 basis points ("bps") in interest/profit rates at the reporting date would have
increased/(decreased) the value of the insurance contract liabilities and portfolio of fixed-
income investment by the amounts shown below.
The Group is exposed to interest/profit rate risk as follows: 
Fair values of fixed interest/profit-bearing assets would move inversely to changes in
interest/profit rates; and
225
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
31. Financial risk (cont'd.)
(c) Market risk (cont'd.)
Interest/profit rate risk (cont'd.)
Impact on
Changes equity*
in variable RM'000
Company
2024
Interest/profit rates +25 bp                  (901)
Interest/profit rates -25 bp                    901 
2023
Interest/profit rates +25 bp                  (733)
Interest/profit rates -25 bp                    733 
*   The impact on equity reflects the after tax impact.
32. Other risks
(a) Operational risk 
Property investment risk
Operational risk can broadly be defined as the risk of direct or indirect losses or reputational
damage due to failure attributable to people, internal processes, system (IT) or from external
events. Operational risk is inherent in all activities of the Group, and can transverse multiple
activities including outsourcing. It includes a wide spectrum of heterogeneous risks such as
fraud, bribery & corruption, physical damage, business disruption, transaction failures, legal
and regulatory breaches, pandemic outbreak, as well as employee health and safety hazards. 
Property investment risk is the risk of fluctuations in the fair value or future cash flows of a
property arising from decline in real estate values or income, where MNRB and its main
operating subsidiaries have invested in property or real estate for own occupancy, investment
or rental purpose. Operational manuals are put in place to describe the responsibilities in
relation to management of the properties.
The financial risk arising from a delinquent or loss of tenants are managed at the outset
through careful selection of properties with high tenancy including tenants with long term
tenancies, screening of new tenants’ credit worthiness and financial standing as well as
ensuring that the properties and facilities are continuously maintained and upgraded.
<------- (Decrease)/increase ------->
226


---- Page 183 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
363362
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
32. Other risks (cont'd.)
(a) Operational risk (cont'd.)
(b) Shariah non-compliance risk
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(c) Compliance risk
(d) Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Risk
ESG or sustainability risks are considered as environmental, social and governance events or
conditions which could create financial losses or reputational damage to the Group. The
Climate Change Risk (the risk resulting from climate change and affecting natural and human
systems. It encompasses physical, transition and liability risks) is the sub risk from ESG. 
Sustainability risk arises from the potential impact that the Group’s operations may have on the
environment, society, and the quality of its governance. These include issues relating to climate 
change, labour practices as well as the Group’s ethics and transparency.
The Group cannot expect to eliminate all operational risks, but by initiating a rigorous control
framework, and by monitoring and responding to potential risks, the Group is able to minimise
risks to an acceptable level. Controls include effective segregation of duties, access controls,
system validation, enhanced authorisation and reconciliation procedures, continuous staff
education and appropriate assessment processes, and engagement of internal audit for
assurance.
The rulings of the Shariah Advisory Council of Bank Negara Malaysia (“SAC-BNM”); 
Standards on Shariah matters issued by BNM (pursuant to Section 29(1) of the IFSA and
Section 33E(1) of the Development Financial Institutions Act (“DFIA”) 2002);
The Group has established the Group Sustainability Commitment towards Net Zero Carbon
Organisation by 2050, which will form part of the Group Sustainability Framework. The
implementation and finalization of the Framework shall be harmonized with the Group’s
Sustainability Governance, Commitments and Policy.
Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss or reputational
damage, which the Group may suffer as a result of its failure to comply with legal and
regulatory requirements applicable to its activities.
The Group monitors all compliance aspects in observing regulatory requirements. In this
respect, it has developed a Group Compliance Management Framework and other relevant
internal policies and procedures to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and guidelines
issued by the regulatory authorities.
Shariah non-compliance (SNC) risk refers to the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial
loss or non-financial implications including reputational damage, which any Company within the
Group may suffer arising from failure to comply with:
The Group mitigates such risk by initiating, monitoring and adhering to a robust Group Shariah
Risk Management (“Group SRM”) Framework which is guided by the Shariah Governance
Framework issued by BNM.
The rulings and standards of the Shariah Advisory Council of Securities Commission
Malaysia (“SAC-SC”); or
Decisions or advices of the Group Shariah Committee GSC.
227
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance business
(a) Consolidated income statements by insurance business
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 31 March 2024
Insurance/takaful revenue 1,719,996        143,469           801,376           470,513           -                       (37,200)            3,098,154        
Insurance/takaful service expense (1,308,693)       (127,508)          (677,518)          (393,934)          -                       73,877             (2,433,776)       
Insurance service result before reinsurance 
contracts held 411,302           15,961             123,858           76,579             -                       36,678             664,378           
Allocation of reinsurance/retakaful premiums (221,771)          (41,818)            (244,401)          (133,959)          -                       37,197             (604,752)          
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers/retakaful
for incurred claims 135,669           37,616             181,417           105,031           -                       (24,955)            434,778           
Net expense from reinsurance/retakaful 
contracts/retakaful certificates held (86,102)            (4,203)              (62,984)            (28,928)            -                       12,242             (169,974)          
Insurance/takaful service result 325,200           11,758             60,874             47,651             -                       48,920             494,404           
Investment income 177,697           7,119               41,987             178,978           110,014           (105,011)          410,784           
Net realised gains (11,595)            -                       (4,355)              12,999             (67)                   -                       (3,018)              
Net fair value gains/losses on financial assets 
at fair value through profit and loss 53,762             87                    6,579               118,660           16                    (33,874)            145,230           
Net foreign exchange gain/loss 48,009             -                       -                       -                       -                       -                       48,009             
Investment return 267,873           7,206               44,211             310,637           109,963           (138,885)          601,005           
Insurance/takaful finance expenses for insurance 
contracts/takaful certificates issued (186,170)          (2,262)              (20,808)            (250,186)          -                       513                  (458,913)          
Reinsurance/retakaful finance income for resurance 
contracts/retakaful certificates held 5,641               (75)                   6,466               -                       -                       (514)                 11,518             
Unallocated surplus attributable to participants -                       (14,646)            (8,206)              (62,715)            -                       (4,524)              (90,091)            
Net insurance/takaful financial results (180,529)          (16,983)            (22,548)            (312,901)          -                       (4,525)              (537,486)          
228


---- Page 184 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
365364
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance Business (cont'd.)
(a) Consolidated income statements by insurance business (cont'd.)
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 31 March 2024 (cont'd.)
Fees and other operating income 44,265             313                  7,730               8,521               65,476             (76,951)            49,354             
Management and other operating expenses (21,663)            (219)                 (4,248)              (13,605)            (78,242)            24,206             (93,771)            
Finance cost (12,694)            -                       (311)                 -                       (16,866)            2,601               (27,270)            
Net other operating (expenses)/income 9,908               94                    3,171               (5,084)              (29,632)            (50,144)            (71,687)            
Share of results of associates -                       -                       -                       -                       -                       44,623             44,623             
Profit before zakat and taxation 422,453           2,075               85,708             40,303             80,331             (100,011)          530,859           
Tax attributable ot the participants -                       (13)                   (3,280)              (21,785)            -                       -                       (25,078)            
Profit before zakat and taxation attributable to equity 
holders of the Holding Company 422,453           2,062               82,428             18,518             80,331             (100,011)          505,781           
Zakat -                       (127)                 (837)                 (370)                 -                       -                       (1,334)              
Taxation (35,765)            (198)                 (18,243)            (10,390)            (6,326)              13                    (70,908)            
Net profit for the year attributable to equity 
holders of the Holding Company 386,687           1,738               63,348             7,758               74,005             (99,998)            433,538           
229
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance business (cont'd.)
(a) Consolidated income statements by insurance business (cont'd.)
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 31 March 2023, restated
Insurance/takaful revenue 1,413,059        61,761             606,292           458,257           -                       (16,693)            2,522,676        
Insurance/takaful service expense (1,350,208)       (76,570)            (538,407)          (443,956)          -                       55,552             (2,353,589)       
Insurance service result before reinsurance/ 
retakaful contracts held 62,851             (14,809)            67,885             14,301             -                       38,858             169,087           
Allocation of reinsurance/retakaful premiums (97,244)            (23,899)            (164,765)          (98,321)            -                       16,693             (367,536)          
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers/retakaful
operator for incurred claims 32,653             35,826             134,081           81,252             -                       (15,903)            267,909           
Net expense from reinsurance/retakaful
contracts/certificates held (64,590)            11,927             (30,684)            (17,069)            -                       790                  (99,627)            
Insurance/takaful service result (1,739)              (2,882)              37,201             (2,768)              -                       39,648             69,460             
Investment income 122,483           5,068               30,362             158,189           27,971             (27,822)            316,251           
Net realised gains (1,762)              -                       (1,111)              6,519               -                       414                  4,060               
Net fair value gains/losses on financial assets 
at fair value through profit and loss (24,071)            (70)                   (727)                 37,663             -                       12,689             25,484             
Net foreign exchange gain/loss 13,901             -                       -                       -                       -                       -                       13,901             
Investment return 110,551           4,998               28,524             202,371           27,971             (14,719)            359,696           
Insurance/takaful finance expenses for insurance 
contracts/takaful certificates issued (39,066)            2,985               (9,705)              (146,540)          -                       341                  (191,985)          
Reinsurance/retakaful finance income for resurance 
contracts/retakaful certificates held 6,728               (388)                 2,086               (19,402)            -                       19,061             8,085               
Unallocated surplus attributable to participants -                       (5,165)              (7,067)              -                       -                       (22,185)            (34,417)            
Net insurance/takaful financial result (32,338)            (2,568)              (14,686)            (165,942)          -                       (2,783)              (218,317)          
230


---- Page 185 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
367366
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance business (cont'd.)
(a) Consolidated income statements by insurance business (cont'd.)
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 31 March 2023, restated (cont'd.)
Fees and other operating income 21,867             748                  5,516               13,331             70,244             (76,093)            35,613             
Management and other operating expenses (29,537)            (173)                 (4,923)              (11,118)            (66,900)            32,969             (79,682)            
Finance cost (6,693)              -                       (405)                 -                       (16,705)            2,198               (21,605)            
Net other operating (expenses)/income (14,363)            575                  188                  2,213               (13,361)            (40,926)            (65,674)            
Share of results of associates -                       -                       -                       -                       -                       15,985             15,985             
Profit before zakat and taxation 62,111             123                  51,227             35,874             14,610             (2,795)              161,150           
Tax attributable ot the participants -                       322                  (1,940)              (14,848)            -                       -                       (16,466)            
Profit before zakat and taxation attributable to equity 
holders of the Holding Company 62,111             445                  49,287             21,026             14,610             (2,795)              144,684           
Zakat -                       (89)                   (1,027)              (312)                 -                       -                       (1,428)              
Taxation (5,457)              (105)                 (13,563)            (4,010)              (1,519)              (322)                 (24,976)            
Net profit for the year attributable to equity 
holders of the Holding Company 56,654             251                  34,697             16,704             13,091             (3,117)              118,280           
231
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance business (cont'd.)
(b) Consolidated statement of financial position by insurance business
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 31 March 2024
Assets
Property, plant and equipment 137,244      1                672            85,439        11,567        49                234,972       
Intangible assets 5,432          -                  50,432        54,620        6,634          -                  117,118       
Right-of-use assets -                  -                  6,608         543            2,650          (6,974)         2,827           
Investments in subsidiaries -                  -                  -                  -                  1,304,477   (1,304,477)  -                  
Investments in associates 155,318      -                  -                  -                  1,957          17,636         174,911       
Financial and other assets 4,930,119   117,997      1,230,645   4,752,457   402,759      (158,280)     11,275,697  
Deferred tax assets -                  -                  37,096        -                  5,399          4,896           47,391         
Insurance/takaful contract assets 7,488          -                  -                  58,845        -                  1                  66,334         
Reinsurance/retakaful contract assets 140,375      22,369        317,862      42,306        -                  (11,831)       511,081       
Tax recoverable -                  -                  1,904          11,285        13,509        -                  26,698         
Cash and bank balances 75,424        9,048          12,300        11,615        7,217          (0)                115,604       
Total assets 5,451,400   149,415      1,657,519   5,017,110   1,756,169   (1,458,980)  12,572,633  
232


---- Page 186 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
369368
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance business (cont'd.)
(b) Consolidated statement of financial position by insurance business (cont'd.)
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 31 March 2024 (cont'd.)
Liabilities
Borrowings 251,000      -                  -                  -                  420,000      (51,000)       620,000       
Insurance/takaful contract liabilities 2,808,062   124,526      1,198,380   4,374,006   -                  (11,829)       8,493,145    
Reinsurance/retakaful contract liabilities 5,681          -                  -                  26,257        -                  -                  31,938         
Lease liabilities -                  -                  6,955         547            2,736          (7,222)         3,016           
Other payables 44,936        (5,083)        91,488        81,867        26,840        (6,518)         233,530       
Deferred tax liabilities 19,404        (220)           -                  13,140        -                 4,888          37,212         
Tax payable 7,879          -                  15,093        4,346         181            -                  27,499         
Provision for zakat -                  3                2,365          293            -                  -                  2,661           
Total liabilities and participants' funds 3,136,962   119,226      1,314,281   4,500,456   449,757      (71,681)       9,449,001    
Equity
Share capital 663,106      -                  230,000      405,000      845,002      (1,404,606)  738,502       
Reserves 1,651,332   30,189        113,238      111,654      461,410      17,307         2,385,130    
Total equity attributable to
equity holders of the Parent 2,314,438   30,189        343,238      516,654      1,306,412   (1,387,299)  3,123,632    
Total liabilities, participants' funds 
   and equity 5,451,400  149,415     1,657,519  5,017,110  1,756,169  (1,458,980)  12,572,633  
               (1)                (0)                (0)                   -                  0                 (0)                   0 
233
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance business (cont'd.)
(b) Consolidated statement of financial position by insurance business (cont'd.)
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 31 March 2023, restated
Assets
Property, plant and equipment 127,475      1                825            84,861        12,590        50                225,802       
Intangible assets 5,901          -                  56,268        57,896        4,732          -                  124,797       
Right-of-use assets -                  -                  7,964         161            700             (5,457)         3,368           
Investments in subsidiaries -                  -                  -                  -                  1,304,477   (1,304,477)  -                  
Investments in associates 113,812      -                  -                  -                  1,957          31,621         147,390       
Financial and other assets 4,288,345   97,615        1,039,364   4,505,889   153,766      (70,648)       10,014,331  
Deferred tax assets -                  -                  28,287        -                  4,001          4,579           36,867         
Insurance/takaful contract assets 4,009         161            -                  60,239        -                 (0)                64,409         
Reinsurance/retakaful contract assets 209,168      25,689        240,907      55,364        -                  (7,542)         523,586       
Tax recoverable 11,050        (821)           -                  15,998        19,693        -                  45,920         
Cash and bank balances 131,706     5,153         50,928        9,982         7,694         (1)                205,462       
Total assets 4,891,466   127,798      1,424,543   4,790,390   1,509,610   (1,351,875)  11,391,932  
234


---- Page 187 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
371370
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance business (cont'd.)
(b) Consolidated statement of financial position by insurance business (cont'd.)
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 31 March 2023, restated (cont'd.)
Liabilities and participants' funds
Borrowings 251,000      -                  -                  -                  320,000      (51,000)       520,000       
Insurance/takaful contract liabilities 2,651,761   112,390      1,025,258   4,100,344   -                  (7,542)         7,882,211    
Reinsurance/retakaful contract liabilities 22              -                  -                  5,557          -                  -                  5,579           
Lease liabilities -                  -                  8,202         165            722             (5,663)         3,426           
Other payables 39,747       (11,354)      92,227        87,774        -                 405             208,799       
Deferred tax liabilities 12,925        (1,605)        -                  5,925          20,330        (15,725)       21,850         
Tax payable -                  -                  7,436         3,807         -                  -                  11,243         
Provision for zakat -                  3                1,961          239            -                  -                  2,203           
Total liabilities and participants' funds 2,955,455   99,435        1,135,084   4,203,811   341,052      (79,525)       8,655,311    
Equity
Share capital 663,106      -                  230,000      405,000      745,002      (1,304,606)  738,502       
Reserves 1,272,905   28,363        59,459        181,579      423,556      32,257         1,998,119    
Total equity attributable to
equity holders of the Parent 1,936,011   28,363        289,459      586,579      1,168,558   (1,272,349)  2,736,621    
Total liabilities, participants' funds 
   and equity 4,891,466  127,798     1,424,543  4,790,390  1,509,610  (1,351,874)  11,391,932  
                 0                  0                   -                   -                (1)                 (0)                  (0)
235
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance business (cont'd.)
(b) Consolidated statement of financial position by insurance business (cont'd.)
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 1 April 2022, restated
Assets
Property, plant and equipment 120,884      1                397            83,824        6,056         51               211,213       
Intangible assets 7,537         94              10,637        53,395        3,473          -                  75,136         
Right-of-use assets -                  -                  3,430         437            2,216          (529)            5,554           
Investments in subsidiaries -                  -                  -                  -                  1,304,477   (1,304,477)  -                  
Investments in associates 120,369      -                  -                  -                  1,957          40,052         162,378       
Deferred tax assets -                  -                  21,605        -                  172,056      8,762,944    8,956,605    
Financial and other assets 3,578,407   101,218      949,334      4,222,926   4,437          (8,830,282)  26,040         
Insurance/takaful contract assets 271            202             -                  64,920        -                 (0)                65,393         
Reinsurance/retakaful contract assets 339,971      28,383        214,020      36,115        -                  (6,300)         612,189       
Tax recoverable 24,328        (257)           -                  15,484        19,828        -                  59,383         
Cash and bank balances 184,251     122            10,543        13,030        6,105          (1)                214,050       
Total assets 4,376,018   129,763      1,209,966   4,490,131   1,520,605   (1,338,542)  10,387,941  
236


---- Page 188 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
373372
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Insurance business (cont'd.)
(b) Consolidated statement of financial position by insurance business (cont'd.)
General Family Consoli-
Reinsurance Retakaful Takaful Takaful Others dation Group
RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000 RM’000
For the year ended 1 April 2022, restated (cont'd.)
Liabilities
Borrowings 51,000        -                  -                  -                  320,000      (51,000)       320,000       
Insurance/takaful contract liabilities 2,422,806   101,729      875,645      3,805,785   -                  (6,300)         7,199,665    
Reinsurance/retakaful contract liabilities -                 59              -                  3,554          -                 (0)                3,613           
Lease liabilities -                  -                  3,511         442            2,105          (582)            5,476           
Other payables 10,800       656            52,051        90,706        24,157        (16,412)       161,959       
Deferred tax liabilities 12,743        (831)           -                  6,931          -                  23                18,866         
Tax payable -                  -                  4,895         9,105         -                  -                  14,000         
Provision for zakat -                  3                1,336          415            -                  -                  1,754           
Total liabilities and participants' funds 2,497,349   101,617      937,438      3,916,938   346,262      (74,271)       7,725,333    
Equity
Share capital 663,106      -                  230,000      405,000      745,002      (1,304,606)  738,502       
Reserves 1,215,563   28,146        42,528        168,193      429,341      40,335         1,924,106    
Total equity attributable to
equity holders of the Parent 1,878,669   28,146        272,528      573,193      1,174,343   (1,264,271)  2,662,608    
Total liabilities, participants' funds 
   and equity 4,376,018  129,763     1,209,966  4,490,131  1,520,605  (1,338,542)  10,387,941  
237
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Fair values of assets
Level 1 -Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 -Inputs that are based on observable market data, either directly or indirectly
Level 3 -Inputs that are not based on observable market data
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(v)
(vi)
MFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures ("MFRS 7") requires the classification of financial
instruments measured at fair value according to a hierarchy that reflects the significance of
inputs used in making the measurements, in particular, whether the inputs used are observable
or unobservable. MFRS 13Fair Value Measurement requires similar disclosure requirements
as MFRS 7, but extends to include all assets and liabilities measured at fair value and/or for
which fair values are disclosed. The following levels of hierarchy are used for determining and
disclosing the fair value of the Group's and the Company's assets:
The fair values of the Group's and Company’s assets are determined as follows:
The carrying amounts of financial assets, such as financial assets at amortised cost,
insurance/takaful receivables and cash and bank balances, are reasonable approximation
of their fair values due to the relatively short term maturity of these balances;
The fair values of Malaysian government securities, government investment issues,
unquoted islamic private debt securities, unquoted perpetual bond, commercial papers and
unquoted corporate debt securities are based on indicative market prices from the Bond
Pricing Agency of Malaysia ("BPAM");
The fair values of investments in mutual funds, unit trust funds and real estate investment
trusts are valued based on the net asset values of the underlying funds as at the reporting
date;
Freehold land and buildings have been revalued based on valuations performed by
accredited independent valuers having appropriate recognised professional qualification.
The valuations are based on the income and comparison approaches. In arriving at the fair
value of the assets, the valuers had also taken into consideration the future developments
in terms of infrastructure in the vicinity of the properties; and
Fair value of unquoted shares in Malaysia are derived using the net assets of the invested
companies.
The fair values of quoted equities are based on quoted market prices as at the reporting
date;
238


---- Page 189 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
375374
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Fair values of assets (cont'd.)
Description of significant unobservable inputs:
Valuation Significant 
technique Range
Property, plant and equipment
Office building of Malaysian Re Income 
   approach
6.25%
RM4.50
Office buildings of Takaful Income Yield 4.7% to 
IKHLAS Family    approach 6.0%
Rental per square foot RM5.50 to 
RM6.05
Office buildings of Takaful Comparison Sales price per square RM763 to 
IKHLAS Family    approach  feet for similar properties RM986
Unquoted shares in Malaysia Net assets Net assets Not
applicable
Property, plant and equipment
Office building of Malaysian Re Income Yield 6.25%
approach Rental per square foot RM1.40 to 
RM5.40
Office buildings of Takaful Comparison Sales price per square RM769 to 
IKHLAS Familyapproach  feet for similar properties RM1,832
Unquoted shares in Malaysia Net assets Net assets Not
in Malaysia applicable
Yield
Rental per square foot
unobservable inputs
2024
2023
A significant increase or decrease in the unobservable inputs used in the valuation would
result in a correspondingly higher or lower fair value.
There have been no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy during
the financial year.
The movement from opening balances to closing balances during the respective financial
years are provided in Notes 13 and 18(b).
239
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Fair values of assets (cont'd.)
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
2024
Assets measured at fair value:
(a) Property, plant and equipment
Freehold land -                 -                  36,800      36,800        
Buildings -                 -                  174,376     174,376      
-                 -                  211,176     211,176      
(b) Financial assets at FVTPL
Designated upon initial recognition:
Government investment issues -                1,532,331   -                 1,532,331   
Quoted shares in Malaysia:
Unquoted Islamic private debt
securities -                1,386,861   -                 1,386,861   
Malaysian government securities
Unsecured -                301,812      -                 301,812      
Mandatorily measured:
Quoted shares in Malaysia:
Shariah approved equities 221,166     -                  -                 221,166      
Others 12,237      -                  -                 12,237        
Unquoted perpetual bond
in Malaysia -                4,964          -                4,964          
Unquoted corporate debt 
securities -                740,218      -                 740,218      
Shariah approved unit trust 
funds 356,830    -                  -                 356,830      
Real estate investment trusts:
- Shariah approved 14,665       -                  -                 14,665        
- Non-Shariah approved 9,050         -                  -                9,050          
Derivative -                 (320)            -                (320)            
613,948     3,664,054   -                 4,579,814   
As at the reporting date, the Group and the Company held the following assets that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and/or for which fair values are disclosed under
Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy:
240


---- Page 190 ----
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
OTHER 
INFORMATION
377376
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Fair values of assets (cont'd.)
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group (cont'd.)
2024 (cont'd.)
Assets measured at fair value (cont'd.):
(c) Financial assets at FVOCI
Government investment issues -                249,969      -                 249,969      
Unquoted shares in Malaysia -                 -                  87,666      87,666        
Unquoted Islamic private debt 
securities -                288,371      -                 288,371      
Golf club memberships -                 -                  233           233             
-                538,340      87,899      626,239      
2023
Assets measured at fair value:
(a) Property, plant and equipment
Freehold land -                 -                  36,800      36,800        
Buildings -                 -                  162,891     162,891      
-                 -                  199,691     199,691      
(b) Financial assets at FVTPL
Designated upon initial recognition:
Government investment issues -                1,414,505   -                 1,414,505   
Unquoted Islamic private debt
securities -                1,436,711   -                 1,436,711   
241
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Fair values of assets (cont'd.)
Description of significant unobservable inputs:
Valuation Significant 
technique Range
Property, plant and equipment
Office building of Malaysian Re Income 
   approach
6.25%
RM4.50
Office buildings of Takaful Income Yield 4.7% to 
IKHLAS Family    approach 6.0%
Rental per square foot RM5.50 to 
RM6.05
Office buildings of Takaful Comparison Sales price per square RM763 to 
IKHLAS Family    approach  feet for similar properties RM986
Unquoted shares in Malaysia Net assets Net assets Not
applicable
Property, plant and equipment
Office building of Malaysian Re Income Yield 6.25%
approach Rental per square foot RM1.40 to 
RM5.40
Office buildings of Takaful Comparison Sales price per square RM769 to 
IKHLAS Familyapproach  feet for similar properties RM1,832
Unquoted shares in Malaysia Net assets Net assets Not
in Malaysia applicable
Yield
Rental per square foot
unobservable inputs
2024
2023
A significant increase or decrease in the unobservable inputs used in the valuation would
result in a correspondingly higher or lower fair value.
There have been no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy during
the financial year.
The movement from opening balances to closing balances during the respective financial
years are provided in Notes 13 and 18(b).
239


---- Page 191 ----
OTHER 
INFORMATION
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
379
ANNUAL REPORT 2024378
ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
AS AT 28 JUNE 2024
SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS
NO. OF
SHAREHOLDERS
% OF
SHAREHOLDERS
NO. OF
SHARES
% OF ISSUED
SHARE CAPITAL
Less than 100 452 6.90 8,123 0.00
100 - 1,000 564 8.61 332,076 0.04
1,001 - 10,000 3,325 50.79 13,955,522 1.78
10,001 - 100,000 1,745 26.65 56,987,841 7.28
100,001 to less than 5% of issued shares 459 7.01 289,685,234 36.99
5% and above of issued shares 2 0.03 422,117,900 53.90
Total 6,547 100.00 783,086,696 100.00
Directors’ Shareholdings
NO. NAME OF DIRECTORS
NO. OF SHARES HELD 
THROUGH OWN NAME
NO. OF SHARES HELD 
THROUGH NOMINEES %
1. Datuk Johar Che Mat 0.00 - -
2. George Oommen 0.00 - -
3. Khalid Sufat 0.00 - -
4. Junaidah Mohd Said 0.00 - -
5. Zaida Khalida Shaari 0.00 - -
6. Dato’ Wan Roshdi Wan Musa 0.00 - -
7. Chin See Mei 0.00 - -
Substantial Shareholders
NAME OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
NO. OF SHARES HELD
DIRECT INTEREST %
INDIRECT/DEEMED 
INTEREST %
Amanahraya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Bumiputera
327,926,500 41.88 -
Permodalan Nasional Berhad 94,191,400 12.03 -
Yayasan Pelaburan Bumiputra* 94,191,400 12.03
* Yayasan Pelaburan Bumiputra is deemed to have indirect interests through its shareholding of 100% less one share of Permodalan Nasional Berhad 
by virtue of Section 8(4) of the Companies Act 2016.
197201001795 (13487-A)
 MNRB Holdings Berhad
 (Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Fair values of assets (cont'd.)
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Company
2024
Assets measured at fair value:
(a) Financial assets at FVTPL
Shariah approved unit trust fund 5,329        -                  -                5,329          
(b) Financial assets at FVOCI
Golf club membership -                 -                  50              50               
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                49,759        -                 49,759        
-                49,759        50             49,809        
2023
Assets measured at fair value:
(a) Financial assets at FVTPL
Shariah approved unit trust fund 5,181        -                  -                5,181          
(b) Financial assets at FVOCI 
Golf club membership -                 -                  50              50               
Unquoted corporate debt securities -                49,632        -                 49,632        
-                49,632        50             49,682        
243


---- Page 192 ----
OTHER 
INFORMATION
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
381380
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
AS AT 28 JUNE 2024
30 Largest Shareholders
NO. NAME OF SHAREHOLDERS NO. OF SHARES %
1 AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM BUMIPUTERA
327,926,500 41.88
2 PERMODALAN NASIONAL BERHAD 94,191,400 12.03
3 KONG GOON KHING 39,137,000 4.99
4 KONG GOON SIONG 11,000,000 1.40
5 CHEN CHIN PENG 6,762,514 0.86
6 PROMSERV SDN. BHD 6,533,070 0.83
7 OLIVE LIM SWEE LIAN 6,076,000 0.78
8 NG LONG TIANG 5,900,082 0.75
9 ALLIANCEGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR CHONG YIEW ON (6000006)
5,736,900 0.73
10 NEOH CHOO EE & COMPANY, SDN. BERHAD 5,312,316 0.68
11 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
EXEMPT AN FOR CITIBANK NEW YORK (NORGES BANK 19)
5,260,600 0.67
12 LIM PEI TIAM @ LIAM AHAT KIAT 5,000,000 0.64
13 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
UBS AG
4,279,404 0.55
14 MARK SIA ENG JOO 4,000,000 0.51
15 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
CBNY FOR EMERGING MARKET CORE EQUITY PORTFOLIO DFA INVESTMENT 
DIMENSIONS GROUP INC
3,585,354 0.46
16 AMSEC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
AMBANK (M) BERHAD (HEDGING)
3,580,000 0.46
17 LIEW SWEE MIO @ LIEW HOI FOO 3,375,300 0.43
18 KENANGA NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
EXEMPT AN FOR PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD (CLIENT ACCOUNT)
3,030,000 0.39
19 MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
NATIONAL TRUST FUND (IFM MAYBANK) (412183)
2,754,000 0.35
20 MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR ABDUL WAHID BIN OMAR
2,709,704 0.35
21 OOI CHIN HOCK 2,677,750 0.34
22 LEE CHEE BENG 2,450,042 0.31
23 JOHAN ENTERPRISE SDN. BHD. 2,389,100 0.31
24 PROMSERV ENGINEERING SDN BHD 2,237,100 0.29
25 GAN HONG HU 2,065,900 0.26
26 KONG GOON SIONG 2,044,400 0.26
27 HLB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR LIM PAY KAON
2,000,000 0.26
28 ONG HUNG HOCK 2,000,000 0.26
29 CIMSEC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
CIMB FOR KOO KOW KIANG @ KO KECK TING (PB)
1,950,000 0.25
30 HSBC NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC
1,918,300 0.24
TOTAL 567,882,736 72.51
LIST OF PROPERTIES
31 MARCH 2024
ADDRESS
DATE OF
ACQUISITION
DATE OF
REVALUATION
DESCRIPTION
OF
PROPERTIES
TENURE/
EXISTING
USE/AGE OF
BUILDINGS
LAND AREA
(SQ. FT.)
BUILD-UP
AREA 
(SQ. FT.)
NET BOOK
VALUE AS AT
31/3/2024
(RM)
SELF OCCUPIED PROPERTIES
IKHLAS Point, Tower 11A
Avenue 5, Bangsar South
No. 8, Jln Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur
26 September
2008
31 March
2024
1 unit of 
10 storey corner 
office building
Leasehold/ 
office premise/ 
occupied/ 
16 years
Strata 79,000,000
No. 17, Lorong Dungun
Damansara Heights
50490 Kuala Lumpur
17 February
1995
31 March
2024
1 unit of 
12 storey 
building with 2 
storey basement 
car park
Freehold/ 
office premise/ 
rented out/ 
29 years
61,300/
366,409
125,000,000
Lot 528, Section 6
Kuching Town Land 
District
No. 11C, Jalan Kulas
93400 Kuching, Sarawak
7 October
2010
31 March
2024
4 storey 
intermediate 
terraced 
shophouse
Leasehold/ 
office premise/ 
occupied/ 
14 years
Not 
applicable/
1,200
1,735,000
Manchester Tower
Apartment 2406,
Dubai Marina Dubai, UAE
28 July
2008
31 March
2024
1 unit of 
apartment
Freehold/ 
occupied 
by staff/ 
16 years
Not 
applicable/
1,011
938,106
Apt. 507
Marina Diamond 5
Dubai Marina
Dubai, UAE
29 July
2008
31 March
2024
1 unit of 
apartment
Freehold/ 
occupied 
by staff/ 
16 years
Not 
applicable/
1,084
839,638
Yansoon 4, 
Apartment 204
Burj Khalifa,
Dubai Downtown, UAE
30 September
2010
31 March
2024
1 unit of 
apartment
Freehold/ 
occupied 
by staff/ 
14 years
Not 
applicable/
1,475
1,382,256
PT 483, Jalan Jambatan
Sultan Yahya KB 
Waterfront,
Seksyen 17
15000 Kota Bahru, 
Kelantan
31 January
2013
31 March
2024
3 storey 
shophouse
Leasehold/ 
office premise/ 
occupied/ 
11 years
Not 
applicable/
4,680
1,350,000
TOTAL SELF OCCUPIED PROPERTIES 210,245,000


---- Page 193 ----
OTHER 
INFORMATION
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
383382
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
GROUP’S OFFICES
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD
12th Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re
No. 17, Lorong Dungun, Damansara Heights
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +603 2096 8000
Fax : +603 2096 7000
Website : www.mnrb.com.my
Email : enquiry@mnrb.com.my
TAKAFUL IKHLAS FAMILY BERHAD
9th Floor, IKHLAS Point
Tower 11A, Avenue 5, Bangsar South
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +603 2723 9999
Fax : +603 2723 9998
Website : www.takaful-ikhlas.com.my
Email : ikhlascare@takaful-ikhlas.com.my
MALAYSIAN REINSURANCE BERHAD
12th Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re
No. 17, Lorong Dungun, Damansara Heights
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +603 2096 8000
Fax : +603 2096 7000
Website : www.malaysian-re.com.my
Email : enquiry@malaysian-re.com.my
TAKAFUL IKHLAS GENERAL BERHAD
5th Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re
No. 17, Lorong Dungun, Damansara Heights
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +603 2707 3333
Fax : +603 2707 3322
Website : www.takaful-ikhlas.com.my
Email : ikhlascare@takaful-ikhlas.com.my
MMIP SERVICES SDN. BHD.
6th Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re
No. 17, Lorong Dungun, Damansara Heights
50490 Kuala Lumpur
Tel : +603 2080 6000
Fax : +603 2080 6001
Email : mmip_support@malaysian-re.com.my
MALAYSIAN RE (DUBAI) LTD.
Unit 101, Level 1
Gate Village 4, The Gate District
Dubai International Financial Centre
P. O. Box 506571
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Tel : +971 4 3230388
Fax : +971 4 3230288
Website : www.malaysian-re.com.my/  
  our-solutions/dubai
Email : enquiry@malaysian-re.com.my
TAKAFUL IKHLAS BRANCHES
Branches Address Telephone/Fax
Kuala Lumpur 
(Main)
IKHLAS Point, Tower 11A, Avenue 5, Bangsar South,
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200, Kuala Lumpur
T +603 2723 9999
 (General line)
F +603 2723 9998
Johor No. 32, 32-01 & 32-02, Jalan Setia Tropika 1/1,
Taman Setia Tropika, 81200 Johor Bahru, Johor
T +607 232 7180
F +607 232 7185
Kedah No. 57, Jalan Lagenda 3, Lagenda Heights, 
08000 Sungai Petani, Kedah
T +604 422 8100
F +604 422 3100
Kelantan PT 483, Jalan Jambatan Sultan Yahya, KB Waterfront, 
Seksyen 17, 15000 Kota Bharu, Kelantan
T +609 746 1000
F +609 747 9100
Melaka No. 10, Jalan Melaka Raya 8, Taman Melaka Raya,
75000 Melaka
T +606 286 3100
F +606 288 3100
Negeri 
Sembilan
538, Ground & 1st Floor, 539, 1st Floor, Jalan Bandar Senawang 16,
Pusat Bandar Senawang, 70450 Seremban, Negeri Sembilan
T +606 677 5600
F +606 677 5362
Pahang B284, Ground & 1st Floor, Jalan Beserah, 25300 Kuantan, Pahang T +609 567 0700
F +609 567 1700
Perak No. 11A, 1st Floor, Persiaran Greentown 9,
Pusat Perdagangan Greentown, 30450 Ipoh, Perak
T +605 243 0300
F +605 243 1300
Putrajaya No. 12, Jalan Diplomatik, P15 Presint 15, 62050 Putrajaya T +603 8861 5660
F +603 8890 5100
Sabah Dewan Bandaraya Kota Kinabalu (DBKK),
No. D-G-8 (D-9-1), Level 1, Block D, Harbour City Sembulan, 
Jalan Pantai Baru, 88100 Kota Kinabalu, Sabah
T +6088 447 110
F +6088 447 130
Sarawak 528 Section 6, KTLD No. 11C, Kuching Town Land District (KTLD),
No. 11C, Jalan Kulas, 93400 Kuching, Sarawak
T +6082 251 300
F +6082 251 310
Selangor No. 97, 97-1 & 97-2, Jalan Mahogani 5/KS7, 41200 Klang, Selangor T +603 3323 1144
F +603 3323 1444
Terengganu Lot PT 3593, Ground Floor, Jalan Sultan Zainal Abidin,
20000 Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu
T +609 631 8170
F +609 631 8171
GROUP’S OFFICES


---- Page 194 ----
OTHER 
INFORMATION
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
385384
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTICE OF THE FIFTY-FIRST
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Fifty-First (51 st) Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of MNRB Holdings 
Berhad (“MNRB” or “Company”) will be held virtually from the Function Room, 3 rd Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re,  
No. 17, Lorong Dungun, Damansara Heights, 50490 Kuala Lumpur (“Broadcast Venue”) on Friday, 27 September 
2024 at 10.00 a.m. for the purpose of considering and if thought fit, passing with or without modifications the 
resolutions set out in this notice.
Meeting Platform : https://investor.boardroomlimited.com
Mode of communication : (i) Shareholders are encouraged to submit questions in advance prior to the  
51st AGM via the Share Registrars’ website, Boardroom Smart Investor Portal at  
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com or email to the Company’s Investor 
Relations at ir@mnrb.com.my in relation to the agenda items for the 51 st AGM no 
later than 10.00 a.m. on Wednesday, 25 September 2024.
(ii) Shareholders may submit their questions in the messaging box at 
any time during 
the 51 st AGM on the online meeting platform until such time that the Chairman 
decides.AS ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year
 
ended 31 March 2024 together with the Reports of the Directors 
and the Auditors thereon.
2. To re-elect the following Directors who are retiring by rotation 
pursuant to Clause 90 of the Company’s Constitution and 
being 
eligible, have offered themselves for re-election:
(i) Datuk Johar Che Mat
(ii) Zaida Khalida Shaari
 
3. To re-elect the Director, Chin See Mei who is retiring pursuant to 
Clause 95 of the Company’s Constitution and being eligible, 
has 
offered herself for re-election.
4. To approve the following payment by the Company:
(i) Directors’ Fees of Non-Executive Directors with effect for 
the period from the conclusion of the 51 st AGM until the  
conclusion of the next AGM in 2025, to be payable on a 
monthly basis as follows:
Non-Executive 
Chairman 
(“NEC”)
Non-Executive 
Directors 
(“NED”)
Directors’ Fees
Per Annum
(RM)
Per Annum
(RM)
Board 149,500 80,500 
• Audit Committee 
25,300 19,550• Risk Management Committee 
of the Board
• Group Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee
19,550 13,800• Group Investment Committee
• Group Digital & Information 
Technology Committee
 (each of the foregoing payments being exclusive of the others)
[Please refer to Explanatory Note (i)]
(Ordinary Resolution 1)
(Ordinary Resolution 2)
[Please refer to Explanatory Note (ii)]
(Ordinary Resolution 3)
[Please refer to Explanatory Note (ii)]
(Ordinary Resolution 4)
[Please refer to Explanatory Note (iii)]
NOTICE OF THE FIFTY-FIRST ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
(ii) Directors’ benefits (excluding Directors’ Fees) payable to  
NEC and NED 
of up to an amount of RM888,315 from the 
conclusion of the 51 st AGM until the conclusion of the next 
AGM in 2025.
5.  To re-appoint Messrs Ernst & Young PLT as Auditors of 
the Company 
for the financial year ending 31 March 2025 and to authorise the 
Directors to fix their remuneration.
AS SPECIAL BUSINESS
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following ordinary resolutions, 
with or without modifications:
6. To authorise Directors to Allot and Issue Shares.
 “THAT pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of 
the Companies Act, 2016, 
the Directors be and are hereby given full authority to allot and 
issue shares in the Company, at any time and upon such terms and 
conditions and for such purposes as the Directors may, in their 
absolute discretion, deem fit, provided that the aggregate number 
of shares issued pursuant to this resolution in any one financial year 
does not exceed 10% of the issued capital of the Company for the 
time being AND THAT the Directors be and are hereby given full 
authority to obtain approval for the listing of and quotation for 
the additional shares so issued on the Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad AND THAT such authority shall continue in force until the 
conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or 
at the expiry of the period within which the next Annual General 
Meeting is required to be held in accordance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2016, whichever is the earlier.”
7.  Proposed renewal of the authority for Directors to allot and 
issue 
new ordinary shares of MNRB, for the purpose of the Company’s 
Dividend Reinvestment Plan (“DRP”) that provides the shareholders 
of MNRB the option to elect to reinvest their cash dividend in new 
MNRB Shares.
 “THAT pursuant to the DRP approved at the 
Extraordinary General 
Meeting held on 25 September 2019, approval be and is hereby 
given to the Company to allot and issue such number of new MNRB 
Shares from time to time as may be required to be allotted and 
issued pursuant to the DRP until the conclusion of the next Annual 
General Meeting, upon such terms and conditions and to such 
persons as the Directors of the Company may, at their sole and 
absolute discretion, deem fit and in the interest of the Company. 
PROVIDED THAT the issue price of the said new MNRB Shares 
shall be fixed by the Directors at not more than ten percent (10%) 
discount to the adjusted five (5)-day volume weighted average 
market price (“VWAP”) of MNRB Shares immediately prior to the 
price-fixing date, of which the VWAP shall be adjusted ex-dividend 
before applying the aforementioned discount in fixing the issue 
price of MNRB Shares at the material time;
(Ordinary Resolution 5)
[Please refer to Explanatory Note (iv)]
(Ordinary Resolution 6)
(Ordinary Resolution 7)
[Please refer to Explanatory Note (v)]


---- Page 195 ----
OTHER 
INFORMATION
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
387386
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTICE OF THE FIFTY-FIRST ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
 AND THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby 
authorised to do all such acts and enter into all such transactions, 
arrangements, deeds, undertakings and documents as may be 
necessary or expedient in order to give full effect to the DRP with 
full power to assent to any conditions, modifications, variations, 
arrangements and/or amendments as may be imposed or agreed 
to by any relevant authorities (if any) or consequent upon the 
implementation of the said conditions, modifications, variations 
and/or amendments, by the Directors as they, in their absolute 
discretion, deem fit and in the best interest of the Company.”
8. To transact any other business for which due notice shall 
have been 
given.
By Order of the Board
LENA ABD LATIF 
(SSM Practicing Certificate No. 201908002386)
(LS 0008766)
Company Secretary
Kuala Lumpur
31 July 2024
NOTES:
The Securities Commission Malaysia had on 7 April 2022, 
revised the Guidance Note and Frequently Asked Questions 
on the Conduct of General Meetings for Listed Issuers (“SC’s 
Guidance”) which encourage listed issuers to conduct virtual 
general meetings. As such, the Board and Management have 
considered all available options and decided that the 51st AGM 
shall be conducted virtually and entirely using the Remote 
Participation and Electronic Voting (“RPEV”) facilities.
Appointment of Proxy and/or Authorised Representative
1. Section 334 of the Companies Act, 2016 provides that a
 
member of a company shall be entitled to appoint another 
person or persons as his/her proxy or proxies to exercise 
all or any of his/her rights to attend, participate, speak and 
vote at a meeting of members of the company. A proxy 
may, but need not, be a Member of the Company. A Member 
may appoint any person to be his/her proxy without any 
restriction as to the qualification of such person.
2. For the purpose of determining a member who shall be
 
entitled to participate in the 51 st AGM, the Company shall 
request Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd in accordance 
with Article 65(b) of the Company’s Constitution 
and Section 34(1) of the Securities Industry (Central 
Depositories) Act, 1991 to issue a Record of Depositors 
as at 20 September 2024. Only a depositor whose name 
appears on the Record of Depositors as of 20 September 
2024 shall be entitled to participate in the 51st AGM or 
appoint proxy/proxies to attend, participate, speak and/or 
vote on his/her behalf.
(Ordinary Resolution 8)
[Please refer to Explanatory Note (vi)]
3. Every member including authorised nominees as defined 
under the Securities 
Industry (Central Depositories) 
Act, 1991 (Central Depositories Act) Exempt Authorised 
Nominees which hold ordinary shares in the Company for 
multiple beneficial owners in one (1) securities account, is 
entitled to appoint one (1) or more proxy to exercise all or 
any of his/her rights to attend, participate, speak and/or 
vote instead of him/her at the 51st AGM and that such proxy 
need not be a member. 
4. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the 
appointment shall be invalid unless he/she specifies the 
proportion 
of his/her shareholdings to be represented by 
each proxy, and only one (1) proxy shall be entitled to vote.
5. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) shall be in writing 
under the hand of the member or his/her attorney 
duly 
authorised in writing or, if the member is a Corporation, 
shall either be executed under its common seal or under the 
hand of two (2) authorised officers, one of whom shall be 
a director, or in the case of a sole director, by that director 
in the presence of a witness who attests the signature or of 
its attorney duly authorised in writing.
6. The Form of Proxy duly completed must be deposited 
in 
the following manner, not less than Wednesday,  
25 September 2024 at 10.00 a.m. being forty-eight (48) 
hours before the appointed time for holding the 51st AGM: 
NOTICE OF THE FIFTY-FIRST ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
(i) In hardcopy
 Submitted to the Share Registrar’s office, Boardroom 
Share Registrars Sdn. 
Bhd., 11th Floor, Menara Symphony, 
No. 5, Jalan Professor Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 
46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia. 
(ii) In electronic mode
 Alternatively, the Form of Proxy may also be submitted 
electronically 
through the Boardroom Smart Investor 
Portal at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com The 
member can refer to the Administrative Details for the 
51st AGM for procedures on electronic submission of 
form of Proxy.
7. If the Form of Proxy is submitted without any instruction
 
as to how the proxy shall vote, the proxy will vote in his/
her discretion. Any alteration to the Form of Proxy must be 
initialed. If no name is inserted in the space provided for 
the name of your proxy, the Chairman of the Meeting will 
act as your proxy.
8. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A of the Main Market Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all 
resolutions set out in the Notice are to be voted on a poll.
Registration for 
Remote Participation and Electronic Voting 
(“RPEV”) facilities
1. The Company’s 51 st AGM will be held virtually from the 
Broadcast Venue. Members/proxies can attend, speak 
(posing questions to the Board via real time submission of 
typed texts) and vote (collectively, “participate”) remotely 
via the RPEV available on the Boardroom Smart Investor 
Portal at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com
2. The main and only venue for the 51 st AGM is the broadcast 
venue which is strictly for the purpose of complying with 
Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 (the Act) and 
Article 68 of the Constitution of the Company that require 
the Chairman of the meeting to be present at the main 
venue of the meeting. No shareholders/proxies/corporate 
representatives should be physically present nor admitted 
at the broadcast venue on the day of the 51st AGM.
3. Registration of RPEV is open from the date of the 
Notice 
of 51st AGM on Wednesday, 31 July 2024 at 10.00 a.m. until 
such time before the voting session ends at the 51st AGM on 
Friday, 27 September 2024.
4. Members/proxies are required to register as user with 
Boardroom Smart 
Investor Portal (first time registration 
only) prior to pre-register their attendance for the 51 st AGM 
for verification of their eligibility to attend the 51 st AGM 
using the RPEV based on the Record of Depositors as at 
20 September 2024.
5. Please follow the Procedures for RPEV provided in the 
Administrative Details
 in order to participate in the   
51st AGM remotely via RPEV.
Submission of Questions Before and During Meeting
1. Members may submit questions in relation to the agenda 
items for the 51 st AGM prior to the 51 st AGM via email  
to the Company’s Investor Relations at ir@mnrb.com.my or 
at the Boardroom Smart Investor Portal at https://investor.
boardroomlimited.com by clicking ‘Submit Questions’ 
after selecting ‘MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD 51st ANNUAL 
GENERAL MEETING’ from ‘Meeting Event(s)’ to login,  
no later than Friday, 27 September 2024 at 10.00 a.m.
2. Alternatively, Members may use the query box to transmit 
questions via RPEV during live streaming.
Explanatory Notes 
(i) Item 1 of the Agenda - Audited Financial Statements for
 
the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2024
 This item on the Agenda is meant for discussion only
 
pursuant to Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies Act 2016. 
As such, this Agenda item is not a business which requires 
a resolution to be put to vote by shareholders.
(ii) Ordinary Resolutions 1 to 3 – Re-election of Directors
 The Group Nomination & Remuneration Committee 
(“GNRC”) had considered the performance and contribution 
of each 
of the retiring Director and have also assessed the 
independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors 
seeking re-election.
 Based on the results of the Board Effectiveness Evaluation 
conducted, 
the performance of each of the retiring 
Director was found to be satisfactory. In addition, each 
of the retiring Director has also provided his/her annual 
declaration/confirmation on his/her fitness and propriety 
as well as independence. The retiring Directors have also 
fulfilled the independence criteria set out in the Main 
Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad and other independence criteria applied by the 
Company.
 The Board has endorsed the GNRC’s recommendation on 
the re-election 
of the retiring Directors and the Board’s 
statement of support are set out in the Statement 
Accompanying Notice of AGM. The retiring Directors 
had abstained from deliberations and decisions on their  
re-election at the GNRC and Board meetings. 
 The details and profiles of the Directors who are standing
 
for re-election at the 51st AGM are provided in the Directors 
Profile section of the Company’s Annual Report 2024.
(iii) Ordinary Resolution 4 – Directors’ Fees  
 Pursuant to Section 230(1) of Companies Act 2016, any fees 
and benefits payable to the directors of a listed 
company 
and its subsidiaries shall be approved at a general meeting.
 The Company has appointed an independent consulting 
firm to conduct 
a comprehensive review of Directors’ 
fees and benefits, which was then presented to the GNRC 
and the Board in May 2024 for review and approval. 
The assessments have factored in time commitment, 
responsibilities, industry benchmarking and the size and 
complexities of the Group’s business. The objective is 
to ensure that the remuneration for both the Board and 
Board Committee members remains competitive and 
suitable to attract, retain and motivate Directors to drive 
the Company’s long-term objectives. 
 Pursuant to the findings on the above review, the Board
 
with the recommendation from GNRC agreed to the 
proposed revision to the Board and Board Committee Fees 
as detailed in the table below:
 


---- Page 196 ----
OTHER 
INFORMATION
OUR FINANCIAL 
REPORT
OUR
GOVERNANCE
OUR FINANCIAL 
REVIEW
OUR PERFORMANCE 
& OUTLOOK
OUR
BUSINESS
389388
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTICE OF THE FIFTY-FIRST ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
 For the Company
Type of Fees
Existing 
Board/Board 
Committee 
Fee
Proposed 
Board/Board 
Committee 
Fee
Per Annum
(RM)
Per Annum
(RM)
Board:
- Chairman of the Board 130,000 149,500
- Non-Executive Directors 70,000 80,500
Board Committee:
• Audit Committee
• Risk Management 
Committee of the Board
- Chairman of the Board 
Committee 22,000 25,300
- Committee Member 17,000 19,550
• Group Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee
- Chairman of the Board 
Committee 17,000 19,550
- Committee Member 12,000 13,800
Other Committees:
• Group Investment 
Committee
• Group Digital & Information 
Technology Committee
- Chairman 17,000 19,550
- Committee Member 12,000 13,800
 For subsidiaries of the Company
Type of Fees
Existing 
Board/Board 
Committee 
Fee
Proposed 
Board/Board 
Committee 
Fee
Per Annum
(RM)
Per Annum
(RM)
Malaysian Reinsurance 
Berhad
Takaful Ikhlas Family 
Berhad
Takaful Ikhlas General 
Berhad
Board:
- Chairman of the Board 80,000 92,000
- Non-Executive Directors 70,000 80,500
Board Committee:
• Audit Committee
• Risk Management 
Committee of the Board
- Chairman of the Board 
Committee
22,000 25,300
- Committee Member 17,000 19,550
• Group Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee
- Chairman of the Board 
Committee
17,000 19,550
- Committee Member 12,000 13,800
Other Committees:
• Group Investment 
Committee
• Group Digital & Information 
Technology Committee
- Chairman 17,000 19,550
- Committee Member 12,000 13,800
(iv) Ordinary Resolution 5 – Directors’ Benefits (excluding 
Directors’ Fees)
 In furtherance to the review on Directors’ fees and benefits,
 
the Board with the recommendation from GNRC agreed to 
maintain the meeting allowance at RM1,500 (per meeting).
 The Directors’ Benefits (excluding Directors’ Fees) payable 
to NEC and 
NED comprises benefits-in-kind and other 
emoluments payable to them by the Company and its 
subsidiaries as set out below:
Chairman Directors
Benefits in 
kind:
• Company car and driver
• Petrol (incurred basis)
Nil
• Medical benefits on incurred basis
• Other claimable expenses incurred in the 
course of carrying out their duties
Emolument: • Meeting allowance, RM1,500  
(per meeting)
• Directors’ & Officers Liability Insurance 
coverage
 Payment of the Directors’ Benefits will be made by the
 
Company as and when incurred if the proposed Ordinary 
Resolution 5 is passed at the 51 st AGM of the Company. 
 In determining the estimated amount of benefits payable, 
the Board 
considered various factors including the number 
of scheduled meetings for the Board, Board Committees 
and Board of subsidiaries, as well as the number of NEDs 
involved in these meetings.
 Subject to the shareholders’ approval for Ordinary 
Resolutions 4 and 
5, the payment for the fees and benefits 
for the period commencing from the conclusion of 51 st 
AGM up till the conclusion of the next AGM in 2025 will be 
made by the Company and its subsidiaries on a monthly 
basis and/or as and when incurred. The Board is of the 
view that the payments to the NEDs are just and equitable 
taking into account their roles and responsibilities towards 
the Group and the contribution and services they render to 
the Company and its subsidiaries.
 The benefits of each NED for the financial year ended
  
31 March 2024 are disclosed in the Notes to the Financial 
Statements of the Audited Financial Statements for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2024.
(v) Ordinary Resolution 7
 The general mandate, if granted, will provide flexibility 
to the 
Company for any possible fund raising activities, 
including but not limited to further placing of shares, for the 
purpose of improving and/or restoring its capital position 
under stressed conditions and also for the purpose of 
funding future investment project(s), working capital and/
or acquisition(s).
(vi) Ordinary Resolution 8
 The general mandate, if granted, will give authority to the
 
Directors to allot and issue shares for the DRP in respect of 
dividends to be declared until the next AGM. A renewal of 
this authority will be sought at the next AGM in 2025.
STATEMENT ACCOMPANYING NOTICE OF 
THE 51 ST  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
(Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)
1. Details of persons who are standing for re-election as Directors at the 51 st AGM
 Based on the Group Nominations & Remuneration Committee (“GNRC”)’s review 
and assessment, the Board 
found that the performance of the following retiring directors and contribution in discharge of their duties 
assessed during the Board Effectiveness Evaluation for the financial year ended 31 March 2024 were satisfactory:
 
 Datuk Johar Che Mat
 The Board, through the GNRC was satisfied that Datuk Johar 
Che Mat (“Datuk Johar”) had spearheaded and 
contributed effectively during Board meetings. He had also contributed during Risk Management Committee of 
the Board (“RMCB”)’s deliberations between the Board and Management. He had demonstrated his diligence 
and commitment as a capable individual with high integrity who conducts himself in a professional manner, 
particularly as the Chairman of the Board.
 His past and current experiences give good composition of mix 
of expertise to the Board. Datuk Johar had 
also carried his responsibility well in his capacity as a member of the Group Investment Committee (“GIC”) and 
RMCB.
 Overall, he has served as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director for 6 
years 6 months since the date of his 
appointment as Director on 1 October 2017.
 Zaida Khalida Shaari
 The Board, through the GNRC was satisfied that Zaida Khalida 
Shaari (“Zaida”) had contributed invaluably 
during the Board meetings, RMCB and had led Group Nomination & Remuneration Committee (“GNRC”).  
As the Chairman of GNRC, she played an important role in ensuring the proper nomination and remuneration 
process were immensely performed within the Company and the Group as a whole.
 Zaida brings to the Board a combination of experiences particularly 
in the areas of legal, investment and 
stakeholder management. She had also carried her responsibility well in her capacity as Chairman of GNRC and 
member of RMCB.
 She had served as Independent Non-Executive Director for 4 years 
6 months since the date of her appointment 
as Director on 1 October 2019.
 Chin See Mei
 The Board, through the GNRC was satisfied that Chin See 
Mei (“See Mei”) had contributed effectively during 
the Board meetings and RMCB. In addition, See Mei was appointed as member to the Information Technology 
Oversight Committee of the Group (“ITOC”).
 She brings to the Board her vast experience particularly in 
the areas of information technology, digitalisation 
and stakeholder management. She also carried her responsibility well in her capacity as a member of the 
Board, RMCB as well as ITOC.
 She had served as Independent Non-Executive Director for 6 months 
since the date of her appointment as 
Director on 1 October 2023.
2. Details on the authority to issue and allot shares in 
the Company for the purpose of Company’s Dividend 
Reinvestment Plan set out in Note vi of the Notice of the 51 st AGM.


---- Page 197 ----
PROXY FORM No. of Shares Held: 
CDS Account No.: 
I/We  ....................................................................................................................................................................  MYKAD No./Passport No./Company No.
 (Full name in BLOCK LETTERS as per MYKAD/Passport/Certificate of Incorporation)
..................................................................  of  .......................................................................................................................................................................................
 (Address in full)
.................................................................................................   being a member of MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD (“the Company”), hereby appoint:
PROXY 1 No. of Shares %
Full name as per  
MYKAD/ Passport
MYKAD/ Passport No.
Address in full
Email address/Tel No.
PROXY 2 No. of Shares %
Full name as per  
MYKAD/ Passport
MYKAD/ Passport No.
Address in full
Email address/Tel No.
TOTAL SHARES 100%
Or failing him/her, the Chairman of the Meeting, as my/our proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the 51 st Annual 
General Meeting of the Company to be held at Function Room, 3 rd Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re, No. 17, Lorong Dungun,  
Damansara Heights, 50490 Kuala Lumpur on Friday, 27 September 2024 at 10.00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof, on the 
following resolutions referred to in the Notice of Annual General Meeting.
AGENDA
To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 March 2024 together with the Reports of the 
Directors and Auditors thereon
NO. RESOLUTION FOR AGAINST
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To re-elect Datuk Johar Che Mat, who retires pursuant to Clause 90 of the Company’s Constitution.
2. To re-elect Zaida Khalida Shaari, who retires pursuant to Clause 90 of the Company’s Constitution.
3. To re-elect Chin See Mei who retires pursuant to Clause 95 of the Company’s Constitution.
4(i). To approve the payment of Directors’ Fees for the period from the 51st AGM until the next AGM in 2025.
4(ii). To approve the payment of Directors’ benefits (excluding Directors’ Fees) payable to the Directors 
up to an amount of RM888,315 from the conclusion of the 51 st AGM until the conclusion of the next 
AGM in 2025.
5. To reappoint Messrs Ernst & Young PLT as Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending  
31 March 2025 and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration.
SPECIAL BUSINESS
6. To approve the Authority for Directors to Allot and Issue Shares.
7. To approve the Renewal of the Authority for Directors to Allot and Issue New Ordinary Shares in the 
Company in relation to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan.
(Please indicate with a cross (X) in the space provided whether you wish your votes to be cast for or against the resolutions above. 
In the absence of specific instructions, your proxy will vote or abstain as he/they may think fit).
Dated  ...................... day of  ............................  2024  .................................................................................................
 Signature of Common Seal of Member
This page has been intentionally left blank.


---- Page 198 ----
FOLD HERE
FOLD HERE
BOARDROOM SHARE REGISTRARS SDN. BHD.
11th Floor, Menara Symphony
No. 5, Jalan Professor Khoo Kay Kim
Seksyen 13
46200 Petaling Jaya 
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Malaysia
Please 
affix Stamp
NOTE:
1. The Securities Commission Malaysia had on 7 April 2022, revised the 
Guidance Note and Frequently Asked Questions on the
Conduct of General Meetings for Listed Issuers (“SC’s Guidance”) which encourage listed issuers to conduct virtual general
meetings. As such, the Board and Management have considered all available options and decided that the 51 st AGM shall be
conducted on virtual basis and entirely via remote participation and electronic voting facilities.
2. The main and only venue for the 51 st AGM is the broadcast venue which is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section
327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 and Clause 68 of the Constitution of the Company that requires the Chairman of the meeting
to be present at the main venue of the meeting. No shareholders/proxies/corporate representatives should be physically
present nor admitted at the broadcast venue on the day of the 51st AGM.
3. As the 51st AGM will be conducted on virtual basis, a member who is not able to participate in the AGM is encouraged to appoint
the Chairman of the meeting as his/her proxy and indicate the voting instruction in the instrument appointing a proxy.
4. In respect of deposited securities, only a depositor whose name appears 
on the Record of Depositors on 20 September 2024
shall be eligible to attend this 51 st AGM or appoint a proxy(ies) to attend, speak and vote on his/her behalf.
5. Every member including authorised nominees as defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act, 1991 (Central
Depositories Act) and authorised nominees defined under the Central Depositories Act which are exempted from compliance
with the provisions of subsection 25A(1) of the Central Depositories Act (Exempt Authorised Nominees) which hold ordinary
shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one securities account (Omnibus Account), is entitled to appoint
another person as his/her proxy to exercise all or any of his/her rights to attend, participate, speak and vote instead of him/her
at the AGM and that such proxy need not be a member.
6. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment 
shall be invalid unless he/she specifies the proportion of
his/her shareholdings to be represented by each proxy.
7. The instrument appointing a proxy (ies) shall be in writing under 
the hand of the member or his/her attorney duly authorised
in writing or, if the member is a Corporation, shall either be executed under its common seal or under the hand of two (2)
authorised officers, one of whom shall be a director, or in the case of a sole director, by that director in the presence of a
witness who attests the signature or of its attorney duly authorised in writing.
8. The Form of Proxy duly completed must be deposited at the 
Share Registrar’s office, Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn. Bhd.,
11th Floor, Menara Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Professor Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan
not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time set for the 51 st AGM or any adjournment thereof. Alternatively, the Form
of Proxy may also be deposited electronically through the Share Registrar’s website, Boardroom Smart Investor Portal at
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time of holding the 51st AGM.
9. If the Form of Proxy is submitted without any instruction as 
to how the proxy shall vote, the proxy will vote in his/her discretion.
Any alteration to the Form of Proxy must be initialed. If no name is inserted in the space provided for the name of your proxy,
the Chairman of the Meeting will act as your proxy.
10. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A of the Main Market Listing Requirements of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all resolutions set
out in the Notice are to be voted on a poll.


---- Page 199 ----
MNRB HOLDINGS BERHAD
197201001795 (13487-A)
12th Floor, Bangunan Malaysian Re
No.17, Lorong Dungun, Damansara Heights
50490 Kuala Lumpur
www.mnrb.com.my