---- Page 1 ----


---- Page 2 ----
 2 Notice of Annual General Meeting
 8 Corporate Information
 9 Corporate Structure
 10 Group Financial Summary
 11 Board of Directors’ Profile
 15 Key Senior Management’s Profile
 16 Management Discussion and Analysis
 18 Sustainability Statement
 36 Corporate Governance  
Overview Statement
Table of 
Contents
 50 Additional Compliance Information
 53 Audit Committee Report
 57 Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control
 63 Directors’ Responsibility Statement
 64 Financial Statements
 168 List of Properties
 170 Analysis of Shareholdings
  Form of Proxy

---- Page 3 ----
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
2
NOTICE Of ANNuAL GENERAL MEETING
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT  the Twenty-First Annual General Meeting of REDtone Digital Berhad  
(“Company”) will be conducted on a virtual basis hosted on Securities Services e-Portal at https://sshsb.net.my/ 
at the broadcast venue at Manhattan V, Level 14, Berjaya Times Square Hotel Kuala Lumpur, No. 1, Jalan Imbi, 
55100 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan on Monday, 4 December 2023 at 10:00 a.m. for the following purposes:-
A G E N D A
AS ORDINARY BuSINESS
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 30 June 
2023 together with the Reports of the Directors and the Auditors thereon.
2. To approve the payment of Directors’ fees for an aggregate amount of up to 
RM1,200,000 payable to the Non-Executive Directors of the Company on a 
monthly basis from 5 December 2023 until the next Annual General Meeting 
of the Company to be held in year 2024.
3. To approve the payment of Directors’ benefits for an amount of up to RM130,000 
payable to the Directors of the Company from 5 December 2023 until the next 
Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in year 2024.
4. To re-elect the following Directors who retire in accordance with Clause 117 
of the Company’s Constitution and being eligible, have offered themselves for 
re-election:-
(i) Y .A.M. Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail; and 
(ii) Ms. Loh Paik Yoong.
5. To re-appoint Ernst & Young PLT as Auditors of the Company for the ensuing 
year and to authorise the Board of Directors to fix their remuneration. 
Please refer to 
Explanatory Note (i)
Ordinary Resolution 1
Ordinary Resolution 2
Ordinary Resolution 3
Ordinary Resolution 4
Ordinary Resolution 5 
AS SPECIAL BuSINESS
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions with or without 
modifications:-
6. Ordinary Resolution 
 Retention of Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh as an Independent 
Non-Executive Director of the Company 
 “ THAT Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh who has served as an Independent 
Non-Executive Director of the Company for a cumulative term of more than nine 
(9) years, be and is hereby retained as an Independent Non-Executive Director of 
the Company in accordance with the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 
2021.”
7. Ordinary Resolution 
 Authority to Issue Shares pursuant to the Companies Act 2016
 “ THAT subject always to the Companies Act 2016, the Constitution of the 
Company, the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad and the approvals of the relevant governmental and/or regulatory 
authorities, the Directors be and are hereby empowered pursuant to the 
Companies Act 2016, to issue and allot shares in the capital of the Company from 
time to time at such price and to such persons, upon such terms and conditions 
and for such purposes as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion deem 
fit, provided always that the aggregate number of shares issued pursuant to 
this resolution does not exceed ten per centum (10%) of the total number of 
issued shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company for the time being; 
Ordinary Resolution 6
Ordinary Resolution 7

---- Page 4 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
3
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
(Cont’d)
7. Ordinary Resolution 
 Authority to Issue Shares pursuant to the Companies Act 2016 (Cont’d)
 THAT the Directors be and are also empowered to obtain the approval for the 
listing of and quotation for the additional shares to be issued on Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad;
 AND THAT such authority shall commence immediately upon passing of this 
resolution and continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next Annual 
General Meeting of the Company;
 AND fuRTHER THAT pursuant to Section 85 of the Companies Act 2016 
to be read together with Clause 13 of the Constitution of the Company, the 
shareholders of the Company do hereby waive their pre-emptive rights to be 
offered new shares ranking equally to the existing issued shares in the Company 
arising from any issuance of new shares in the Company pursuant to the 
Companies Act 2016.”
Ordinary Resolution 7
(Cont’d)
8. Ordinary Resolution  
 Proposed Renewal of and New Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent 
Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with Persons 
Connected with Berjaya Corporation Berhad
 “ THAT subject to the provisions of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad, approval be and is hereby given for the Company 
and its subsidiary companies (“Group”), to enter into recurrent related party 
transactions of a revenue or trading nature with persons connected with Berjaya 
Corporation Berhad as specified in Section 2.3 of the Circular to Shareholders 
dated 23 October 2023 (“Proposed Mandate I”), which are necessary for the 
day-to-day operations and/or in the ordinary course of business of the Group on 
terms not more favourable to the related parties than those generally available to 
the public and are not detrimental to the minority shareholders of the Company 
and that such approval shall continue to be in force until:-
(a) the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the 
Company following the AGM at which such ordinary resolution for the 
Proposed Mandate I was passed, at which time it will lapse, unless by 
ordinary resolution passed at that AGM, the authority is renewed;
 
(b)  the expiration of the period within which the next AGM after the date it 
is required to be held pursuant to Section 340(2) of the Companies Act 
2016 (“Act”) (but shall not extend to such extension as may be allowed 
pursuant to Section 340(4) of the Act); or 
(c)  revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders of 
the Company in a general meeting; 
whichever is the earlier;
AND fuRTHER THAT authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company 
and its subsidiary companies to complete and do all such acts and things (including 
executing such documents as may be required) as they may consider expedient or 
deem fit and in the best interest of the Group to give effect to such transactions as 
authorised by this resolution.”
Ordinary Resolution 8

---- Page 5 ----
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
4
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
(Cont’d)
9. Ordinary Resolution  
 Proposed Renewal of and New Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent 
Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with Persons 
Connected with Berjaya Corporation Berhad and companies in which 
D.Y.M.M. Sultan Ibrahim Ismail Ibni Almarhum Sultan Mahmud Iskandar 
Al-Haj is a major shareholder
 “ THAT subject to the provisions of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad, approval be and is hereby given for the Company 
and its subsidiary companies (“Group”), to enter into recurrent related party 
transactions of a revenue or trading nature with persons connected with Berjaya 
Corporation Berhad and companies in which D.Y .M.M. Sultan Ibrahim Ismail Ibni 
Almarhum Sultan Mahmud Iskandar Al-Haj is a major shareholder as specified in 
Section 2.3 of the Circular to Shareholders dated 23 October 2023 (“Proposed 
Mandate II”), which are necessary for the day-to-day operations and/or in the 
ordinary course of business of the Group on terms not more favourable to the 
related parties than those generally available to the public and are not detrimental 
to the minority shareholders of the Company and that such approval shall continue 
to be in force until:- 
(a)  the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the 
Company following the AGM at which such ordinary resolution for the 
Proposed Mandate II was passed, at which time it will lapse, unless by 
ordinary resolution passed at that AGM, the authority is renewed;
 
(b)  the expiration of the period within which the next AGM after the date it 
is required to be held pursuant to Section 340(2) of the Companies Act 
2016 (“Act”) (but shall not extend to such extension as may be allowed 
pursuant to Section 340(4) of the Act); or 
(c)  revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders of 
the Company in a general meeting; 
whichever is the earlier;
AND fuRTHER THAT authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company 
and its subsidiary companies to complete and do all such acts and things (including 
executing such documents as may be required) as they may consider expedient or 
deem fit and in the best interest of the Group to give effect to such transactions as 
authorised by this resolution.”
10. To transact any other ordinary business of which due notice shall have been 
given.
By order of the Board
CHuA SIEW CHuAN (SSM PC NO. 201908002648) (MAICSA 0777689)
TAN LEY THENG (SSM PC NO. 201908001685) (MAICSA 7030358)
Company Secretaries
Kuala Lumpur
Dated: 23 October 2023
Ordinary Resolution 9

---- Page 6 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
5
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
(Cont’d)
NOTES:
1. The Meeting will be conducted on a virtual basis by way of live streaming and online remote voting via the Remote 
Participation and Voting (“RPV”) facilities to be provided by SS E Solutions Sdn. Bhd. via Securities Services 
e-Portal’s platform at https://sshsb.net.my.
 Please read carefully and follow the procedures provided in the Administrative Notes in order to register, participate 
and vote remotely via the RPV facilities.
2. With the RPV facilities, the members, proxies and/or corporate representatives are strongly encouraged to exercise 
their rights to participate (including to pose questions to the Chairman, Board of Directors or Management) and 
vote at the Meeting.
 The members, proxies and/or corporate representatives may communicate via real time submission of 
typed texts through a text box within Securities Services e-Portal’s platform during the live streaming of 
the Meeting as the primary mode of communication. In the event of any technical glitch in this primary 
mode of communication, members, proxies and/or corporate representatives may email their questions to 
eservices@sshsb.com.my during the Meeting.
3. In respect of deposited securities, only members whose names appear in the Record of Depositors on 27 November 
2023 shall be eligible to attend, speak and vote at the Meeting or appoint proxy(ies) to attend, participate, speak 
and vote in his stead.
4. A member entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting, may appoint more than one (1) proxy to attend, participate, 
speak and vote in his stead. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy to attend, participate, speak and 
vote at the same Meeting, such appointment shall be invalid unless he specifies the proportion of his shareholdings 
to be represented by each proxy. A proxy need not be a member of the Company. There shall be no restriction as 
to the qualification of the proxy. A proxy appointed to attend and vote at the Meeting shall have the same rights as 
the member to attend, participate, speak and vote at the meeting. 
5. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the member or of his attorney duly authorised 
in writing or, if the member is a corporation, shall either be executed under the corporation’s common seal or under 
the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.
6. Where a member of the Company is an authorised nominee as defined under the Securities Industry (Central 
Depositories) Act 1991, it may appoint more than one (1) proxy in respect of each securities account it holds with 
ordinary shares of the Company standing to the credit of the said securities account. Where such member appoints 
more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless the proportion of shareholdings to be represented 
by each proxy is specified in the instrument appointing the proxies.
7. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company 
for multiple beneficial owners in one (1) securities account (“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of 
proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds. 
8. The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of attorney or other authority (if any), under which it is signed or 
a duly notarised certified copy of that power or authority, must be deposited at the office of SS E Solutions Sdn. 
Bhd. at Level 7, Menara Milenium, Jalan Damanlela, Pusat Bandar Damansara, Damansara Heights, 50490 Kuala 
Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan OR alternatively, submit the Form of Proxy electronically via Securities Services 
e-Portal at https://sshsb.net.my/ not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time set for holding the Meeting or 
any adjournment thereof. The lodging of the Form of Proxy does not preclude you from attending and voting at 
the Meeting should you subsequently decide to do so. Please follow the procedures provided in the Administrative 
Notes for the Twenty-First AGM for further details.
9. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all the 
resolutions set out in the Notice will be put to vote by way of poll. Independent Scrutineers will be appointed to 
validate the results of the poll.

---- Page 7 ----
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
6
Explanatory Notes to Ordinary and Special Business
(i) Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 30 June 2023
 This Agenda item is meant for discussion only, as the provision of Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies Act 2016 
does not require a formal approval of the shareholders for the Audited Financial Statements. Hence, this Agenda 
item is not put forward for voting.
(ii) Payment of Directors’ fees and benefits
 Section 230(1) of the Companies Act 2016 provides, amongst others, that the fees of the Directors and any benefits 
payable to the Directors of a listed company shall be approved at a general meeting.
 The Board wishes to seek shareholders’ approval at the Twenty-First Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on the 
separate resolutions as below:
•	 	 Ordinary	Resolution	1	on	payment	of	Directors’	fees	payable	to	the	Non-Executive	Directors	of	the	Company	
on a monthly basis from 5 December 2023 until the next AGM of the Company to be held in year 2024.
•	 	 Ordinary	Resolution	2	on	payment	of	Directors’	benefits,	which	comprise	of	meeting	allowance	payable	for	
attendance of Directors at Board and/or Board Committees’ meetings from 5 December 2023 until the next 
AGM of the Company to be held in year 2024.
 In the event that the proposed Directors’ fees and benefits payable are insufficient due to the enlarged size of the Board 
of Directors, approval will be sought at the next AGM for additional Directors’ fees and benefits to meet the shortfall.
(iii) Re-election of Directors
 Y .A.M. Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail and Ms. Loh Paik Yoong, who retire in accordance with Clause 
117 of the Company’s Constitution and being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election at the forthcoming 
Twenty-First AGM.
 The retiring Directors had provided the fit and proper declarations and the Board of Directors had through the Nomination 
Committee (“NC”), carried out the assessment on the retiring Directors and agreed that they met the criteria as prescribed 
by Paragraph 2.20A of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad on character, experience, 
integrity, competence and time to effectively discharge their role as Directors, and are eligible to stand for re-election.
 The retiring Directors had abstained from deliberations and decisions on their own eligibility to stand for re-election 
at the relevant Board of Directors’ meeting.
 The profiles of the retiring Directors are set out in the Annual Report in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
(iv) Re-appointment of Auditors
 The Audit Committee had assessed the suitability and independence of the External Auditors and recommended 
the re-appointment of Ernst & Young PLT as External Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending 30 June 
2024 at the Twenty-First AGM of the Company.
 The Board of Directors, at the recommendation of the Audit Committee, endorsed the re-appointment of Ernst & 
Young PLT as External Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending 30 June 2024, to be presented to the 
shareholders for approval.
(v) Retention of Independent Non-Executive Director
 Ordinary Resolution 6 is to seek approval from the shareholders for Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh to 
continue in office as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh 
was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 19 February 2014. Therefore, Dato’ 
Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh has served the Board in that capacity for a cumulative of more than nine (9) years. 
 The Board, through the NC, recommends that approval of the shareholders be sought through a two-tier voting 
process as described in the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021 to retain Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L 
Harjit Singh as an Independent Non-Executive Director, based on the following justifications:-
(a) He fulfils the criteria under the definition of Independent Director pursuant to the Main Market Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad;
(b) He is able to consistently demonstrate his independence and professionalism and effectively contribute and 
add value to the Company through Board Committees he serves as well as the Board;
(c) He has vast experience in a diverse range of businesses and is able to provide constructive opinions and 
exercise independent judgement in the best interests of the Company, and actively expresses his views and 
participates in Board deliberations and decision making in an objective manner; and
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 8 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
7
Explanatory Notes to Ordinary and Special Business (Cont’d)
(v) Retention of Independent Non-Executive Director (Cont’d)
(d) There are significant advantages to be gained from a long-serving Independent Director who has many years 
of experience with incumbent knowledge of the Company and the Group’s activities and corporate history, and 
is able to provide invaluable contributions to the Board in his role as an Independent Non-Executive Director.
 Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 23 
April 2012, and was retained to continue to serve as an Independent Non-Executive Director at the Twentieth AGM 
of the Company held on 1 December 2022 until the conclusion of the forthcoming Twenty-First AGM.
 Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan has indicated his intention to retire as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the 
Company at the Twenty-First AGM of the Company. Hence, Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan shall hold office as an 
Independent Non-Executive Director until the conclusion of the Twenty-First AGM.
(vi) Authority to Issue Shares
 The proposed Ordinary Resolution 7 is intended to renew the authority granted to the Directors of the Company at 
the Twentieth AGM of the Company held on 1 December 2022 (“Previous Mandate”) to issue and allot shares at any 
time to such persons in their absolute discretion without convening a general meeting provided that the aggregate 
number of the shares issued does not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) 
of the Company for the time being.  
 The proposed Ordinary Resolution 7, if passed, will provide flexibility to the Directors of the Company to undertake 
any possible fund-raising activities, including but not limited to placement of shares for the purpose of funding the 
Company’s current and/or future investment projects, working capital, repayment of bank borrowings, acquisitions 
and/or such other purposes as the Directors may deem fit, without having to convene a general meeting, provided 
that the aggregate number of the shares issued pursuant to the general mandate does not exceed 10% of the total 
number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company. This authority, unless revoked or varied by 
the Company in a general meeting, will expire at the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company.
 Pursuant to Section 85 of the Companies Act 2016 read together with Clause 13 of the Constitution of the Company, 
shareholders have pre-emptive rights to be offered any new shares in the Company which rank equally to the existing 
issued shares in the Company or other convertible securities.
 The proposed Ordinary Resolution 7, if passed, will exclude your pre-emptive rights to be offered new shares and/
or convertible securities to be issued by the Company pursuant to the said Ordinary Resolution.
 As at the date of the Notice, the Company has not issued any new ordinary shares pursuant to the Previous Mandate 
granted by the shareholders and hence no proceeds were raised therefrom. 
(vii) Proposed Renewal of and New Shareholders’ Mandates
 The proposed Ordinary Resolutions 8 and 9, if passed, will give mandates to the Company and its subsidiaries to 
enter into recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature, details of which are set out in Section 
2.3 of the Circular to Shareholders dated 23 October 2023. 
 The aforesaid mandates from shareholders are on an annual basis and are subject to renewal at the next AGM of 
the Company. 
 The details of the proposals are set out in the Circular to Shareholders dated 23 October 2023. 
STATEMENT ACCOMPANYING NOTICE Of ANNuAL GENERAL MEETING
(Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)
1. Details of individuals who are standing for election as Directors (excluding Directors standing for re-election)
 No individual is standing for election as a Director of the Company at the Twenty-First Annual General Meeting 
of the Company.
2. A statement relating to general mandate for issue of securities in accordance with Paragraph 6.03(3) of the 
Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
 The details on the authority to issue and allot shares in the Company pursuant to the Companies Act 2016 
are set out in Explanatory Note (vi) of the Notice of the Twenty-First Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Notice of Annual General Meeting 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 9 ----
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
8
Board of 
Directors
YAM TuNku TuN AMINAH BINTI  
SuLTAN IBRAHIM ISMAIL
Chairman/ 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
LAu BIk SOON
Group Chief Executive Officer
kuA CHOO kAI
Independent Non-Executive Director
CORPORATE INfORMATION
Audit Committee
kua Choo kai
Chairman / 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan
Member / 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Loh Paik Yoong
Member / 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Nomination Committee
kua Choo kai
Chairman / 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan
Member / 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh
Member / 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Remuneration Committee
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan
Chairman / 
Independent Non-Executive Director
kua Choo kai
Member / 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Loh Paik Yoong
Member / 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Head Office
Suites 22-30, 5th Floor, IOI Business Park
47100 Puchong, Selangor Darul Ehsan
Telephone no. : 03-8084 8888 
Website : www.redtone.com
Email : support@redtone.com
Registered Office
Level 7, Menara Milenium, Jalan Damanlela
Pusat Bandar Damansara, Damansara Heights
50490 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan
Telephone no. : 03- 2084 9000
Facsimile no. : 03- 2094 9940 
Email :  info@sshsb.com.my
Share Registrar 
Berjaya Registration Services Sdn Bhd
09-27 Level 9, Berjaya Times Square
No. 1, Jalan Imbi, 55100 Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
Telephone no. : 03- 2145 0533
Facsimile no. : 03- 2145 9702 
Email : shareg@berjayareg.com.my
Principal Banker
Bank Islam Malaysia Berhad
Standard Chartered Bank (M) Berhad
Malayan Banking Berhad
Auditors
Ernst & Young PLT 
202006000003 (LLP0022760-LCA) & AF 0039
Chartered Accountants
Company Secretaries
Chua Siew Chuan 
(SSM PC NO. 201908002648)
(MAICSA 0777689)
Tan Ley Theng
(SSM PC NO. 201908001685)
(MAICSA 7030358)
Stock Exchange Listing
Main Market of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
Stock Name : REDTONE
Stock Code : 0032
DATO’ MOHD ZAINI BIN HASSAN
Independent Non-Executive Director
DATO’ AVINDERjIT SINGH A/L HARjIT SINGH
Independent Non-Executive Director
LOH PAIk YOONG
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
DATO’ SRI BADRuL HISHAM 
BIN ABDuL AZIZ
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director


---- Page 10 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
9
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD
CORPORATE STRuCTuRE
As at 23 October 2023
29%
Subsidiary 
Company
Associate 
Company
SEA Telco 
Technology Sdn Bhd
Ansar Mobile
Sdn Bhd
REDtone
Telecommunications
Sdn Bhd
REDtone
Engineering &  
Network Services  
Sdn Bhd
REDtone
IOT Sdn Bhd
100%
Bytebuilder  
Sdn Bhd
60%
REDtone
Technology Pte Ltd
100%
REDtone
Mytel Sdn Bhd
60%
100% 100% 100% 100%
Meridianotch
Sdn Bhd
100%
REDtone
Network Sdn Bhd
49%
REDtone
MEX Sdn Bhd
56%
SEA Telco 
Engineering
Services Sdn Bhd
51%
REDtone
Data Centre
Sdn Bhd
70%
SEA Telco 
Engineering 
Services (Sarawak) 
Sdn Bhd
20%

---- Page 11 ----
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
10
Total Assets
(RM’000)
Revenue
(RM’000)
PATAMI
(RM’000)
Total Equity
(RM’000)
160,632182,921256,749 223,389 161,707
GROuP fINANCIAL SuMMARY
12 months 
fY 2023 
30 jun 23
12 months 
fY 2022 
30 jun 22
12 months 
fY 2021 
30 jun 21
12 months 
fY 2020 
30 jun 20
14 months 
fP 2019 
30 jun 19
financial Results (RM’000)
Revenue 214,654 158,042 174,673 177,906 211,391
Profit Before Tax 74,993 56,468 42,071 19,691 33,607
Profit After Tax 55,179 40,476 28,671 8,717 21,990
Profit Attributable 
 To Shareholders (“PATAMI”)
57,465 39,458 26,286 6,610 22,495
financial Positions (RM’000)
Total Assets 426,112 297,967 272,944 253,281 231,697
Total Current Liabilities 138,393 72,289 86,339 84,764 69,522
Total Non-Current Liabilities 30,970 2,289 3,684 6,810 1,543
Total Equity 256,749 223,389 182,921 161,707 160,632
financial Ratios
Net Assets Per Share (Sen)32.83 28.22 23.11 20.74 21.54
Net Earnings Per Share (Sen) 7.43 5.10 3.40 0.86 2.91
211,391174,673214,654 158,042 177,906 231,697272,944426,112 297,967 253,281
22,49526,28657,465 39,458 6,610
20192020202120222023 20192020202120222023
20192020202120222023 20192020202120222023

---- Page 12 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
11
BOARD Of DIRECTORS’ PROfILE
YAM Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail was appointed to the 
Board of Directors of the Company on 3 March 2017. Her Royal Highness 
is the daughter of the Sultan of Johor DYMM Sultan Ibrahim Ismail who is 
a major shareholder of the Company. YAM Tunku Tun Aminah graduated 
from the prestigious La Salle School of Arts in Singapore. 
YAM Tunku Tun Aminah has considerable experience in heading private 
organisations across a broad range of industries. Currently, Her Royal 
Highness is also the Chairperson of Berjaya Corporation Berhad, Berjaya 
Assets Berhad, Berjaya Capital Berhad, Berjaya Waterfront Sdn. Bhd. and 
Berjaya Rail Sdn. Bhd., and holds the KFC franchise in Stulang Laut, Johor 
Bahru.
YAM Tunku Tun Aminah attended all 5 Board Meetings held during the 
financial year ended 30 June 2023.  
Mr. Lau Bik Soon was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company 
on 13 August 2008 and assumed the role of REDtone’s Group Chief Executive 
Officer (“Group CEO”) on 8 July 2011. He holds a First Class Honours Degree 
in Electrical Engineering from University Technology Malaysia.
Mr. Lau has always been a vocal advocate of business transformation, and his 
acumen for driving business growth is undeniable. He guided the Company 
through a remarkable transformation from a discounted call provider to an 
integrated telecommunications service provider. Today, he continues to play 
a significant role in driving REDtone’s success as it expands its offerings 
across the areas of Telecommunications, Managed Telco Network Services, 
Cloud and Internet of Things (IoT).
His tenure as Group CEO has been marked by impressive achievements, 
including notable recognition at The Edge Malaysia Centurion Club & 
Corporate Awards 2022 where REDtone received 2 awards, namely for the 
“Highest Growth In Profit After Tax Over 3 Years” and “Highest Return On 
Equity Over 3 Years” categories in the joint sector of Telecommunications, 
Media & Utilities. These accolades exemplify the Company’s resilience, 
strong foundation and ability to deliver exceptional results amidst a 
challenging business environment under his leadership.
With more than 30 years of experience in the information and communication 
technology and telecommunications industry, Mr. Lau’s illustrious career 
includes key positions with international organisations such as Cisco Systems, 
Sun Microsystems, Compaq Computer, TQC Consultant (IT Division) Sdn. Bhd. 
and Motorola. Prior to joining REDtone, he served as the Country Manager 
for Hitachi Data Systems Malaysia.
Throughout his corporate journey, he has garnered numerous sales 
management excellence awards, which further underscores his exceptional 
capabilities. Mr. Lau has been bestowed the 2023 Vistage Singapore 
& Malaysia  “Lifetime Achievement Award” and 2014 Asia Pacific 
Entrepreneurship Award, which are both prestigious regional honours.   
He attended all 5 Board Meetings held during the financial year ended 30 
June 2023.
Mr. Lau does not hold any other directorship in any other public companies 
or public listed companies. 
YAM Tunku Tun Aminah 
Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail
Chairman/ Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
age
37
gender
Lau Bik Soon
Group Chief Executive Officer
age
52
gender


---- Page 13 ----
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
12
Mr. Simon kua Choo kai was appointed to the Board of Directors of the 
Company on 14 February 2022. He graduated from Monash University, 
Australia with a Bachelor of Economics in 1983. He later obtained a Master 
of Business Administration from the University of Bath (in association with 
The Malaysian Institute of Management) in 1995. He is a member of the 
Malaysian Institute of Accountants, a member of the Malaysian Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants and a Fellow of the Chartered Practising 
Accountants, Australia. He is also a member of the Association of Nutritional 
Medicine Practitioners, Malaysia and was a Certified Information Systems 
Auditor (CISA) of the Information System Audit and Control Association 
from 2001 to 2020. 
Mr. Simon began his career with Ernst & Young PLT’s (“EY”) predecessor firm, 
Ernst & Whinney (EW) after his graduation and was with the firm for 38 years.
Prior to his retirement in June 2020, he was a Partner within the Kuala 
Lumpur Assurance Practice and was the Professional Practice Director for 
East Malaysia. He was also the Administration Leader of the Malaysian Firm 
responsible for facilities management and support services.
Mr. Simon’s professional service experiences were in internal and external 
audits, information systems assurance, enterprise risk management 
framework, corporate governance framework, financial and management 
advisory. His industry experience included the automation, technology, 
telecommunications, property development and construction, gaming, 
consumer products and healthcare industries. He was also involved in 
international expatriate assignments in the United Kingdom and the United 
States of America.
He was previously head of EY Advisory Services from 1997 until 2005 
where he was instrumental in the start-up of EY Risk & Assurance Business 
Services. He was the partner in charge of numerous Corporate Governance 
and Risk Management framework implementation assignments. He returned 
to mainstream Assurance in 2005 and was the engagement partner in charge 
of several large conglomerates in Malaysia and multinational corporations. 
He also sits on the Board of Cengild Medical Berhad and Berjaya Land 
Berhad as an independent director. 
Mr. Simon is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and Nomination 
Committee of the Company. He is also a member of the Remuneration 
Committee of the Company. 
He attended all 5 Board Meetings held during the financial year ended 30 
June 2023.
kua Choo kai
Independent Non-Executive Director
age
63
gender
Board of Directors’ Profile 
(Cont’d)


---- Page 14 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
13
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan was appointed to the Board of Directors 
of the Company on 23 April 2012. He holds a Master of Science (MSc.) in 
Media Management from University of Stirling, United Kingdom in 1995 
after completing his Bachelor of Mass Communication (Journalism) from 
Universiti Teknologi MARA (“UiTM”) in 1988.  
He embarked on his career with Utusan Melayu (Malaysia) Berhad in 1989, 
where he carved a niche for himself through sound-track record as a polished 
journalist and respected leader in the Malaysian media fraternity. He was 
the Assistant Editor-in-Chief of Utusan Melayu before he left Utusan Melayu 
in November 2018. 
In January 2019, he founded BebasNews, a news portal, and eventually 
formed a media company, Rare Media Sdn. Bhd. 
He authored a best-selling book, “Dilema Melayu Moden”. Throughout his 
career in journalism, he had won the Malaysia’s prestigious journalism award 
Kajai by Malaysian Press Institute in 2005; Wartawan Terbaik Negara 2008 
by Persatuan Wartawan Melayu Malaysia; Best Journalist of the Year 2009 
by National Press Club and Anugerah Wartawan Politik Negara 2012. 
He is actively involved in several non-governmental organisations (NGOs), 
including as the President of UiTM Alumni Association, which consists of 
more than 640,000 members. In addition, he was also appointed to the Board 
of Trustees for an education fund foundation known as Tabung Pendidikan 
1 Bilion. He was also appointed to the Board of Directors of UiTM in June 
2016 until 2018, where he was the Chairman of Risk Committee, Chairman 
of Human Resource and a member of the Integrity Committee.
Dato’ Mohd Zaini is the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the 
Company. He is also a member of the Audit Committee and Nomination 
Committee of the Company.
He attended all 5 Board Meetings held during the financial year ended 30 
June 2023.
Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh was appointed to the Board of 
Directors of the Company on 19 February 2014. He completed his education 
in Stamford College Singapore. 
He has been in the marketing industry for the past 29 years since the 
completion of his education. He has experience in several other industries 
including property development, oil & gas, and auto sports industry. 
At present, he sits on the board of another public listed company, Knusford 
Berhad and many other unlisted companies namely Transwater Capital 
Ventures Sdn. Bhd., Lido Waterfront Boulevard Sdn. Bhd., Iskandar 
Waterfront Holdings Sdn. Bhd., QSR Brands (M) Holdings Bhd., MSC 
Cyberport Sdn. Bhd., Iskandar Seafront Assets Sdn. Bhd., Berjaya Assembly 
Sdn. Bhd., Berjaya Waterfront Sdn. Bhd., Sinar Bina Infra Sdn. Bhd. and 
Kuntum Pesona Sdn. Bhd. In addition to this, he was appointed to the Board 
of Trustees of Sultan Ibrahim Johor Foundation in July 2018. In 2021, he was 
appointed as the Managing Trustee of Sultan Ibrahim Johor Foundation. 
Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh is also a member of the Nomination 
Committee of the Company. 
He attended all 5 Board Meetings held during the financial year ended 30 
June 2023.
Dato’ Mohd Zaini  
Bin Hassan
Independent Non-Executive Director
age
59
gender
Dato’ Avinderjit Singh 
A/L Harjit Singh
Independent Non-Executive Director
age
52
gender
Board of Directors’ Profile 
(Cont’d)


---- Page 15 ----
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
14
Ms. Loh Paik Yoong was appointed to the Board of Directors of the 
Company on 9 February 2015. She obtained her professional qualification 
from The Malaysian Association of Certified Public Accountants (now known 
as The Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants). She is a member 
of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants.
Having articled and worked with Messrs. Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co (now 
known as KPMG PLT) for 6 years to 1990, she subsequently joined the 
Corporate Advisory Department of Malaysian International Merchant Bankers 
Berhad where she was actively involved in a wide variety of corporate 
exercises in an advisory capacity until her departure in 1995 to join Berjaya 
Group Berhad (“BGroup”).
Currently, she is the Head & Director in Group Investment, Berjaya 
Corporation Berhad, the holding company of BGroup. She also sits on 
the boards of Caring Pharmacy Group Berhad and several private limited 
companies.
Ms. Loh Paik Yoong is also a member of the Audit Committee and 
Remuneration Committee of the Company. 
She attended all 5 Board Meetings held during the financial year ended 30 
June 2023.
Dato’ Sri Badrul Hisham Bin Abdul Aziz was appointed to the Board of 
Directors of the Company on 1 September 2022. He holds a Bachelor of Arts 
(Hons) Degree in Business Administration from Linton University College. 
Dato’ Sri Badrul has more than 10 years of experience in various business 
segments such as construction, property development, food and beverages, 
information technology (IT), and other services. He has managed to turn 
innovative ideas into functioning business endeavors and helped various 
companies to achieve numerous profitable business opportunities. His 
strength stemmed from his experience as a young man venturing into a 
competitive industry, coupled with his uncanny adaptability in business 
projection and forecasting.
He is an Independent Non-Executive Director of Tropicana Corporation Berhad 
and is an Executive Director of Berjaya Group Berhad. He is the Chairman of 
Securelytics Sdn. Bhd., a comprehensive cybersecurity systems management 
company with international partners in Indonesia, Singapore, and Germany. 
Under his leadership, Securelytics Sdn. Bhd. has won various awards and 
is recognised by the Malaysian Government. He also sits on the board of 
Multimax Development Sdn. Bhd. and Exomurni Sdn. Bhd., a property 
development company which he had aggressively driven into successfully 
completing government and private projects with total worth more than RM500 
million. He also sits on the boards of several other private limited companies.
He attended all 4 Board Meetings held during the financial year ended 30 
June 2023 as he was appointed after the first Board Meeting for financial 
year ended 30 June 2023, on 1 September 2022.
Loh Paik Yoong
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
age
59
gender
Dato’ Sri Badrul Hisham 
Bin Abdul Aziz
Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
age
38
gender
Board of Directors’ Profile 
(Cont’d)
Note:
Save as disclosed, none of the Directors have: - 
1.  any family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholders of the Company; 
2.  any conflict of interest with the Company; 
3.  any convictions for offences within the past 5 years other than traffic offences; and 
4.  any public sanction or penalty imposed by the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year.


---- Page 16 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
15
Yau Chee keong, Andy
Chief Executive – REDtone Data Centre Sdn. Bhd.
Age: 65        Gender: Male        Nationality: Malaysian
Mr. Yau Chee keong was appointed on 1 April 2011. He holds an Australian University Degree in 
Economics and a post-graduate qualification in Computer Science. He is a Certified Data Center 
Professional, a Certified Digital Transformation Professional, and also holds a certification in Information 
Technology Service Management Foundation. He has attended the International Association of 
Outsourcing Professionals Certified Outsourcing Professional Master Class and completed the Harvard 
Business School Executive Program on Business Analytics & Big Data in March 2018. 
Mr. Yau has more than 40 years of working experience in the information and communication technology 
arena. He spent the last 29 years of his career in general management and program management in 
information technology outsourcing services, data centre services and business continuity services. 
His recent working experience involves technology areas in cloud computing, virtual/augmented/
extended reality, 3D Modelling, OTT solutions for the Media & Entertainment Industry, and recently in 
Analytic/AI solutions for industrial based digital transformation services. 
Lau Hock Chye
Chief Financial Officer
Age: 57        Gender: Male        Nationality: Malaysian
Mr. Lau Hock Chye was appointed on 6 June 2016. He is a member of the Institute of Chartered 
Secretaries & Administrators as well as a member of the Association of International Accountants, 
United Kingdom.
He has more than 20 years of finance and business planning working experience in the telecommunications 
industry, with extensive hands-on in management, business leadership and working with the board of 
directors, bankers and financial and legal advisers.
He began his career in Digi Telecommunications Sdn. Bhd. in 1997, where he held various finance 
and business positions and was leading the business planning team. He was the Head of Regional 
Management when he left in 2009 to join U Mobile Sdn. Bhd. (“u Mobile”) as its Chief Financial Officer. 
During his 4 years tenure in U Mobile, he introduced a cost-effective structure which set the path for 
U Mobile to grow and to compete effectively. Prior to joining REDtone, he was the Head of Planning 
and Strategy of Maxis Communications Berhad for 2½ years from 2013, where he played a significant 
role in the feasibility study of many new business initiatives.
In REDtone, he led the team in aligning the cost structure, introducing measures enhancing forward 
looking organisation, revamping processes and controls which have enabled the Company to be more 
effective in facing evolving businesses, leading to improvement in profitability and efficiency of the 
Company.
Note: 
Save as disclosed, none of the key senior managers have: -  
1. any directorship in public companies and public listed companies;
2. any family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholders of the Company; 
3. any conflict of interest with the Company; 
4. any convictions for offences within the past 5 years other than traffic offences; and
5. any public sanction or penalty imposed by the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year.
kEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S PROfILE

---- Page 17 ----
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
16
MANAGEMENT DISCuSSION AND ANALYSIS
OVERVIEW
REDtone Digital Berhad (“REDtone”) is a leading integrated telecommunications and digital services provider for 
organisations. With its well-respected home-grown brand founded in 1996, REDtone has evolved from a voice 
provider to one that offers an extensive range of services under three main categories: -
(a) Telecommunications Services (“TS”) – It offers data, voice and managed services to government, enterprises 
and Small and Medium Enterprises (“SME”). REDtone is among the very few service providers in the industry to 
provide infrastructure integration expertise. Its access to a unique suite of last mile technologies also enables 
it to offer broadband-on-demand. Amongst the products offered are Metro E, SIP Trunking and SiPhony and 
Cloud PBX.
(b) Managed Telecommunications Network Services (“MTNS”) – This includes building, maintaining and operating 
large scale telco engineering projects, Wi-Fi hotspots, base stations and fiber optic infrastructure. Fixed 
Network Solutions, Equipment Installation, Commissioning & Integration and Radio Frequency (“RF”) Design 
& Network Optimisation are our telco engineering skills set.
(c) Cloud and Internet of Things (“Cloud & IOT”) – It offers cloud services and applications, data centre and 
disaster recovery, and Internet of Things (“IoT”) for smart farming.     
REVENuE
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023 (“fY 2023”), the Group recorded a revenue of RM214.7 million, which was 
RM56.7 million or 35.9% higher against RM158.0 million revenue recorded in previous year corresponding period 
(“fY 2022”). The higher revenue was largely due to higher revenue contributed by the TS and MTNS segments. 
The TS segment contributed positively for the financial year under review as most businesses were operating in 
full swing following the country’s transition to the endemic phase in 2022.
For FY 2023, the MTNS segment contributed 48.2% to the overall total revenue of the Group. The increase in 
MTNS revenue was mainly attributable by the Jendela Phase 1 (Part 2) (“jENDELA”) under the Universal Services 
Provision (“uSP”) projects. The revenue from USP projects under the MTNS segment will, by nature fluctuate over 
its contract period.
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
The General and Administrative (“G&A”) expenses mainly comprises of staff costs, general and administrative 
expenses, depreciation and amortisation. 
The Group’s G&A expenses for FY 2023 decreased by 7.1% or RM3.4 million to RM44.1 million as compared to 
RM47.5 million recorded in FY 2022. The decrease was mainly due to lower depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets. 
PROfIT BEfORE TAX
The Group posted a high profit before tax of RM75.0 million for the financial year under review, representing RM18.5 
million or 32.7% improvement compared to RM56.5 million in FY 2022. The Group has continuously improved its 
profit before tax for the past three consecutive years, and the profit before tax for FY 2023 is by far the highest 
ever recorded for the Group.  The significant growth was mainly contributed by the Group’s strong performance, 
continuous cost optimisation, coupled with a higher gain from fair value changes on certain financial assets. 

---- Page 18 ----
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
17
Management Discussion and Analysis 
(Cont’d)
LIQuIDITY AND fINANCIAL RESOuRCES 
The Group continues to strengthen its cash position which has allowed the Group to finance its operations by 
internally generated funds. The Group has minimal borrowings, which are mainly utilised to finance the purchase 
of properties. 
As at 30 June 2023, the Group’s cash and bank balances stood at RM117.0 million (FY 2022: RM78.3 million), 
which included deposits of RM28.5 million (FY 2022: RM28.0 million) that has been pledged to banks for facilities 
granted to certain subsidiary companies. 
DIVIDEND
The Group has paid out RM13.9 million on 22 November 2022 an interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 1.8 
sen per ordinary share for FY 2022. 
To demonstrate the Group’s commitment to continue to grow shareholder value and providing steady returns, the 
Board announced an interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 2.5 sen per ordinary share on 24 August 2023 
which was paid on 16 October 2023.
The payment of dividend is dependent on the Group’s operating results, cash requirements for upcoming projects, 
financial conditions and other factors that the Board deems relevant. The Board is also mindful of the shareholders’ 
expectation when making dividends decision.
fuTuRE PROSPECTS 
The Malaysian economy is expected to grow in the near future, but the Group will remain optimistically cautious 
and aim to maintain its profitability by improving its operational efficiency and adopt measures to enhance its core 
business.
The Group expects the TS segment will be competitive due to the intense competition in the telecommunication 
industry. However, data services will remain the Group’s main focus in recurring business. 
With the deployment of the JENDELA project, the MTNS segment is expected to increase its revenue contribution 
to the Group.  
The Group foresees that the business outlook for FY 2024 will remain challenging due to the volatilities and 
uncertainties of the market. However, the Group is confident that it will be able to adapt to the ever-changing 
business environment and will explore new opportunities to expand the Group’s business. 

---- Page 19 ----
18
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
SuSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
1.0 ABOuT THIS REPORT
 REDtone Digital Berhad (“REDtone”) is a subsidiary of Berjaya Corporation Berhad (“BCorp”) and is a leading 
integrated telecommunications and digital services provider which offers an extensive range of services under 
three main categories:- 
i. Telecommunications Services (“TS”); 
ii. Managed Telecommunications Network Services (“MTNS”); and
iii. Cloud and Internet of Things (“Cloud & IOT”).
 REDtone’s vision is to serve and make a positive impact on communities and organisations by delivering reliable 
and cost effective telecommunications infrastructure and digital solutions with the utmost professionalism 
and reliability, which is embedded in the entire REDtone’s brand experience. REDtone’s ambition in digital 
telecommunications hinges on capturing new opportunities which continuously emerge from rapid growth 
of data, voice and digital solutions.
 The Board of Directors (“Board”) recognises the importance of continuously developing and improving the 
business operations of the Group in a sustainable and responsible manner. The Board believes that placing 
sustainability as the core of its business operations will drive the long-term business growth of the Group as 
well as establishing mutually favourable relationships with our stakeholders.
1.1 Reporting Period And Scope 
 
 This report covers the Group’s performance from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023, unless otherwise specified.
 REDtone continues to focus on Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance (“EESG”) issues 
arising from its principal business activities in Malaysia. The overseas operations of REDtone are not 
included as we do not foresee significant EESG impacts.
1.2 Sustainability Governance 
 The Group has instituted a Sustainability Working Committee (“SWC”) chaired by the Group Chief 
Executive Officer for the implementation and monitoring of our sustainability agenda. SWC’s members 
are from senior management team and assisted by the business and group functional support units.
1.3  Reporting Guidelines And Principles
 Bursa Malaysia’s Sustainability Reporting Guide 
 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“UNSDGs”)
1.4 Reporting Approach
 REDtone applied Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) reporting principles wherever relevant. 
 The Board is committed to continuously promote good sustainability practices while ensuring 
transparency throughout the Group. 
 REDtone strives for fairness, timeliness, clarity and reliability in communication, and believes that 
economic, environmental, social and governance factors are the core of a sustainable business. REDtone 
has always been mindful in ensuring the sustainability and operational success of the Group.
1.5 feedback
 REDtone is committed to continuously improve its reporting, and as it progresses on its sustainability 
journey, it welcomes stakeholders’ support and value the opportunity to connect and receive feedback 
from stakeholders for improvements. For feedback, queries or additional information on this report, 
please get in touch with us via https://www.redtone.com/investor-relations/investor-relations-contact/.

---- Page 20 ----
19
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
2.0 SuSTAINABILITY AS A CORE THEME
 Creating value for stakeholders, including society, employees and shareholders, is key to long-term resilience 
and sustainable business growth. Adopting a robust governance structure has helped integrate sustainability 
throughout the entire Group. 
 A responsible and sustainable business is a successful business, and this philosophy also applies to our 
industry. We always strive to set best practices to maintain our integrity and contribute to local communities. 
 We create shared stakeholder value by delivering sustainable growth and shared value for customers, 
shareholders, employees and local communities. Focusing on driving a sustainable business ensures that 
we keep our legal and social licence to operate and maintain our customers’ trust. Having healthy, long-
lasting customers’ relationships and positively contributing to our surroundings gives us a clear competitive 
advantage. By improving this advantage and acting responsibly today, REDtone safeguards its ability to do 
good business.
3.0 INTERACTION WITH STAkEHOLDERS
 The Group recognises the importance of effective, transparent and accountability to its shareholders and other 
stakeholders, and meaningful engagements is critical to understand their interests and needs. We continually 
engage with our stakeholders via multiple communication platforms. Shareholders and stakeholders can 
also access the Company’s website at www.redtone.com for latest information on the operations, financial 
performance and market information of the Company.
 In addition, the Board will brief the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on the business 
and operations of the Group and shareholders will be invited to raise questions concerning the business 
or financial statements. The Board also welcomes questions and feedback from shareholders during the 
AGM and ensures their questions are responded in a proper manner. The Group is committed to ensure that 
all material information released is accurate, concise, timely and in compliance with the various regulatory 
requirements that the Group is subjected to. 
 The summary of key engagements with the Group’s customers, business partners, industries practitioners, 
investors and shareholders is set out in the table hereunder, which covers a list of key stakeholder groups, 
areas of focus and various methods of engagement.
Stakeholder 
Groups
Areas of focus Methods of Engagement
Government and 
regulators
•	 Compliance	with	rules	and	
regulations
•	 Impact	from	operations
•	 Contributions	to	industry	
advancement and nation-
building
•	 Reports	and	compliance
•	 Meetings	and	industry	
dialogues
•	 Regular	communication
•	 Events	and	seminars
Customers •	 Data	privacy
•	 Results	announcement
•	 Transparent	processes
•	 Product	and	service	quality 
and delivery
•	 Customer	experience 
and loyalty
•	 Customers	satisfaction	survey
•	 Customer	feedback/complaints	
channel by emails, phone-in 
and face to face meeting
•	 Exhibitions,	seminars	and	
courses 
•	 Face	to	face	technical	and	
commercial meeting 
•	 Regular	visits
•	 Corporate	website
•	 Social	media

---- Page 21 ----
20
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
3.0 INTERACTION WITH STAkEHOLDERS (Cont’d)
Stakeholder 
Groups
Areas of focus Methods of Engagement
Employees •	 Equal	opportunities
•	 Diversity
•	 Better	working	environment	
and career development
•	 Workplace	safety
•	 Employee	welfare	
•	 Benefits	and	rewards
•	 Performance,	future	strategies	
and any important updates of 
the Group 
•	 REDtone	intranet
•	 Internal	Newsletter
•	 Townhall	meeting
•	 Recreational	activities,	events 
and functions
•	 Employee	grievance	system
•	 Employee	survey	
•	 Performance	appraisal	review	
•	 Social	media
•	 Internal	hiring
•	 Trainings
Suppliers •	 Product	and	service	quality
•	 Efficient	supply	chain	
management
•	 Opportunities	for	business	
collaboration
•	 Business	relationship	and	
continuity 
•	 Service	delivery	feedback
•	 Collaboration,	training	and	
events
•	 Meetings	and	discussions
Communities and 
non-governmental 
organisations
•	 Social	and	economic	
development
•	 Local	community	supports	
•	 Long-term	engagement
•	 Community	collaboration	and	
consultation
•	 Corporate	Social	Responsibility	
activities
•	 Philanthropic	activities
•	 Events	and	roadshows
•	 Charitable	contributions
•	 Student	internships
Media •	 Sustainability	matters
•	 Company’s	performance
•	 Compliance
•	 News	releases,	updates	and	
projections
•	 Media	releases
•	 Regular	updates
•	 Events	and	roadshows
•	 Interviews
Investors, analysts 
and shareholders
•	 Business	performance
•	 Risk	management
•	 Updates	and	projection
•	 Analysts’	meetings	
•	 Annual	General	Meetings
•	 Regular	updates	and	
communication
•	 Corporate	website
•	 Briefings	and	updates

---- Page 22 ----
21
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
4.0 MANAGEMENT APPROACH
ECONOMIC SuSTAINABILITY
•	 Ensuring	the	interests	of	all	stakeholders	are	taken	care	of
•	 Emphasize	 good	corporate	governance,	accountability	and	transparency	to	
achieve long-term shareholder value and confidence
ENVIRONMENTAL SuSTAINABILITY
•	 Committed	 to	address	challenges	and	opportunities	where	we	conduct	our	
businesses
•	 Striving	 to	reduce	the	Group’s	environmental	footprint	by	improving	resource	
efficiency and supporting conservation efforts
SOCIAL SuSTAINABILITY
•	 Engaging	with	customers	and	the	public	according	to	good	market	practices	
and regulatory requirements, conducive workplace practices and community 
engagement through various initiatives involving the Group’s monetary and 
non-monetary resources
GOVERNANCE SuSTAINABILITY
•	 Ensuring healthy business practices comply with approved policies, standard 
operating procedures, Malaysian law and other legislation and local and 
international standards of corporate behaviour
•	 Promoting fair engagement, accountability and access to justice, internally and 
externally
SOLuTIONS-ORIENTED SuSTAINABILITY
At REDtone, we prioritise the following six (6) SDGs out of the 17 SDG Goals. 
i. SDG 3 - Good health and well-being;
ii. SDG 5 - Gender equality;
iii. SDG 7 - Affordable and clean energy;
iv. SDG 11 - Sustainable cities and communities;
v. SDG 12 - Responsible consumption and production; and
vi. SDG 13 - Climate change.
In executing these goals, we are governed by: 
✓ Integrating sustainable values and principles within the value chain of business operations.
✓ Effectively engaging stakeholders during the implementation of sustainability initiatives.
✓ Regularly reviewing and assessing all sustainability practices and aligning them with REDtone’s business 
objectives.

---- Page 23 ----
22
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
5.0 MATERIALITY
 REDtone identifies EESG impacts that greatly influences stakeholders’ assessment and decisions. Aspects 
that are material to REDtone’s operating environment, business context and stakeholders provide the basis 
for selecting indicators for performance measurements.
 Materiality Sustainability matters refer to those that reflect REDtone’s significant EESG impacts or substantively 
influence the assessments and decisions of its stakeholders. The prioritisation review is conducted annually 
by the SWG together with other business functions. 
 The Materiality Matrix below displayed the position of the 12 Sub-Themes relative to the degree of importance 
to REDtone’s major stakeholders and its impact on EESG. 
5.1 REDtone’s EESG Themes: 
EESG # Sustainability Topics Description
6.0 Economic 6.1 Financial Performance Creating and distributing economic 
value throughout the value chain to 
stakeholders and society. 
6.2 Procurement Practices 
– Supply Chain  
 Environmental
Encourage local and sustainable 
procurement.
6.3 Community Investment Contributing to nation-building 
through industry advancement 
throughout our diverse businesses.
7.0 Environmental 7.1 Waste Management Proper disposal of waste according to 
requirements by the local authorities.
7.2 Energy Management Efficient use of energy to minimise 
carbon emissions.
7.3 Land Remediation Promoting biodiversity using Smart 
Farming technology.
8.0 Social 8.1 Human Resources 
Diversity and Gender 
Equality
Promote diversity at the workplace.
8.2 Employee Health 
Safety and Well Being
Maintain an injury-free working 
environment for all employees by 
following systematic approaches 
to injury prevention and eliminating 
workplace health and safety risks.
8.3 Labour Practices 
– Human Capital -  
 Supply Chain Social
Provide training and education for 
career development and improve 
customer service.
Attract and retain employees by 
creating a great place to work by 
providing welfare and a healthy 
lifestyle, and regular engagement 
with employees.
8.4 Society Enrich lives in the communities 
through various corporate social 
responsibility activities.
8.5 Product and Services 
Responsibility
Approaching all marketing and 
promotional materials responsibly.

---- Page 24 ----
23
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
5.0 MATERIALITY (Cont’d)
5.1 REDtone’s EESG Themes (Cont’d):
EESG # Sustainability Topics Description
9.0 Governance 9.1 Compliance Protect REDtone’s information 
(including confidential business data 
and employees’ information) and 
customers’ data privacy.
Comply with Malaysia’s relevant laws 
and legislations including anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption regulations, 
whistleblowing and other core local 
operational regulations covering the 
environmental, labour law, and health 
and safety requirements.
5.2 REDtone’s Materiality Matrix:
Influential Most Influential
Influence on Stakeholder’s Assessments and Decisions
Most SignificantSignificant
Significance of Economic, Environmental, Social and Governance (EESG) Impacts
7.2
8.1
6.2
8.4
8.2
6.1
9.1
8.3
6.3
7.17.3
8.5

---- Page 25 ----
24
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
6.0 ECONOMIC 
 The economic dimension of this sustainability statement impacts REDtone’s concern on the economic 
conditions of its stakeholders and economic systems. 
 REDtone will continue to pursue business activities that create economic values to meet stakeholders’ 
expectations and create value for all other stakeholders.
6.1 financial Performance 
 For more information about REDtone’s financial performance, please refer to REDtone Financial Summary 
on page 10 of the REDtone Annual Report 2023.
6.2 Procurement Practices – Supply Chain Environmental
 REDtone seeks to ensure that sustainable Supply Chain Management is practiced and embedded into 
the Group’s culture. Based on the past record, the Group has established a pool of committed suppliers 
and sub-contractors with many successful experience to support our business operations.  
 Supplier diversity is key to REDtone’s business strategy. We build open and long-term relationships 
with our strategic partners and suppliers, and we have strict protocols in place to safeguard critical 
information in the interests of fair play and competitiveness.
 Local Sourcing and Employment
 REDtone puts high priority on purchases of local goods and services. We source our products and services 
locally whenever possible and priortise local suppliers to benefit the local economy. We provide local 
suppliers and contractors with opportunities to participate in projects and other operational supplies through 
a competitive quotation. REDtone gives opportunities to local suppliers and contractors in promoting 
local hiring to meet business needs. 
i. Sustainable Supply Chain
 Sustainability is a collective effort; we consider suppliers as critical partners contributing to 
ongoing, sustainable business success. We assess suppliers’ sustainability performance and 
conventional selection criteria such as price, reputation, logistics and quality. 
 REDtone is committed to building a sustainable supply chain to ensure its supply chain is minimised 
from the impacts of environmental and social risks, and to achieve as far as practical a stable 
and sustainable development. Implementing responsible and efficient supply chain management 
helps REDtone selects suppliers and partners that can meet its extremely high standards. 
 The supplier sourcing assessment includes: 
– Social and environmental elements such as energy use, climate change impact measurement 
including greenhouse gas emissions, pollution, waste reduction, resource use and other 
environmental issues.
– Complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations and conducting business 
with respect and care for the local environment by utilising energy and natural resources 
efficiently and managing waste, emissions and discharges responsibly. 
 REDtone applies the standard operating procedures (“SOP”) for efficient, sustainable and 
transparent procurement practices. It procures a wide range of products and services which are 
required for its business, especially for the MTNS. REDtone strives to ensure its pricing, quality, 
delivery, and continuity of the supply is provided in a reliable and sustainable manner. Suppliers 
are selected and approved based on their pricing, reputation, and expertise. REDtone adheres to 
the highest standards in quality and delivery to safeguard REDtone and its stakeholders’ interest. 

---- Page 26 ----
25
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
6.0 ECONOMIC (Cont’d)
6.2 Procurement Practices – Supply Chain Environmental (Cont’d)
 Local Sourcing and Employment (Cont’d)
i. Sustainable Supply Chain (Cont’d)
 A number of suppliers play an important role in REDtone’s success. These suppliers are considered 
key strategic partners. REDtone encourages business partners and suppliers to adopt and share 
sustainable practices. All suppliers are encouraged to comply to the Code of Business Ethics 
and Conduct of REDtone. 
6.3 Community Investment 
 REDtone is committed to support the Malaysian Government’s initiative to provide communication 
access to the underserved areas, and advocate the use of ICT in building a knowledge-based economy 
through the participation in the Universal Service Provision projects such as “JENDELA”, “Time-3” and 
“Pusat Ekonomi Digital Keluarga Malaysia (“PEDi”)”.
 REDtone has completed 268 sites (FY 2022: 267 sites) for Time-3 Extension project and maintained 
57 sites (FY 2022: 57 sites) for Pusat Internet Komuniti.
 Connecting the “unconnected communities” has helped to improve their economic potential, to empower 
them with access to new information, knowledge and business opportunities. It paves the way for them 
to achieve sustainable household income.
 REDtone has repaired certain roads in the following towns in order to facilitate its access and to 
maintain the telecommunication towers which are located in the rural areas. This has facilitated the 
local communities to connect to the suburban communities and resources.
i. Kampung Pulau Layak, Kelantan; and 
ii. Ulu Bertam, Kelantan.
7.0  ENVIRONMENTAL
 In line with global trends, REDtone works towards a digital environment to enrich its customers’ experience, 
create long-term value for REDtone’s brand and reduce the negative impact of its operations on the environment 
through the efficient use of resources and minimising wastage in the course of conducting its businesses. 
REDtone adopts an integrated approach in order to achieve sustainability in the workplace.  REDtone also 
promotes online meetings.
 In FY 2023, there were no fines, penalties or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with environmental 
laws and regulations.
7.1 Waste Management
 REDtone continues to improve on waste management in its daily operations through several initiatives. 
Online portals and applications were developed to create multiple touchpoints for REDtone’s customers, 
vendors, and employees. REDtone continues to expand its usage of digital assets to help reduce 
wastage, maximise productivity, increase efficiency, and enhance its brand experience. The enhanced 
billing system developed by its in-house team greatly improves the efficiency of generating multi-tier 
billing charges and reports for internal use. The digital capabilities have improved resources efficiency 
and accelerated its emphasis towards a paperless work environment. 

---- Page 27 ----
26
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
7.0 ENVIRONMENTAL (Cont’d)
7.1 Waste Management (Cont’d)
 REDtone’s suites of digital solution flexiCraft has been designed to help our customers, mainly in the 
property development, retail and manufacturing sectors, to save their marketing and production cost 
through the use of Virtual/Augmented Reality and 3D Modelling (“XR”) technology. Our flexiXR solution 
will enable such property developers and retailers to avoid the high cost of building physical showrooms, 
thus reducing its marketing cost to one tenth the cost of building a physical showroom. Apart from 
saving cost, building less physical showroom will indeed help to cut down the use of wood products, 
thus inducing a positive impact on the environment. 
7.2 Energy Management
 REDtone supports energy efficiency, encourages sustainable energy consumption and promotes 
renewable energy. REDtone has been proactively implementing changes in the workplace. REDtone 
uses LED lighting in its offices to save electricity consumption. Auto sensors are installed so that 
air-conditioning systems and office lighting are automatically switched off whenever the places are 
unoccupied. REDtone is committed towards energy savings as it reduces REDtone’s operating expenses 
and it minimises carbon footprint.
 REDtone data centres are designed with sustainability in mind and it was incorporated with green technologies 
which offer energy efficient services, power usage optimisation and cooling capacity enhancement. In 
addition, our virtual machines and data storage in the form of Cloud Infrastructure-as-a-service (“IaaS”) 
provides for the shared use of hardware servers and peripherals through virtualization technology. As a 
result, it also contributes to savings for REDtone’s customers and reduction in REDtone’s carbon footprint. 
 Most of the MTNS’s sites are located in the rural areas of East Malaysia and gensets are needed to 
operate the base station towers. As part of REDtone’s renewable energy efforts, it rents solar hybrid to 
replace genset which uses diesel to reduce fuel consumption. Solar energy is a truly renewable energy 
source, it can help the business to reduce fuel consumption in a sustainable way. By utilising solar 
energy, the carbon released from the genset can be reduced. There are significant savings from the 
change and more importantly, it minimises the negative impact to the environment. 
7.3 Land Remediation
i. Technology Innovation for A More Sustainable future
 The adoption of smart farming technology is the way forward in agriculture. These smart farming 
solutions provide an integrated IoT platform that allows farmers to leverage sensor, smart gateways 
and monitoring systems to collect information, control various parameters on their farms and 
analyse real-time data in order to make informed decisions.
 These smart farming solutions empower farm owners, smallholders and youth to adopt technology 
which enables crops to grow well nourished and watered without human intervention. The solutions 
are aimed at increasing farming productivity and quality, reducing labour costs and maintaining 
the sustainability of the entire value chain.
 REDtone collaborated with partners such as Ministry of Agriculture and Food Security (“MAFS”), 
the Department of Agriculture (“DOA”), an agency under the Ministry of Agriculture and Food 
Industries (“MAFI”), Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation (“MDEC”), Agrobank and various 
institutions of higher learning such as Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, Universiti Teknologi MARA to 
promote digitalisation in farming. The use of Big Data Analytics is an effective means to address 
the issues relating to farming and ensure efficient resource planning. REDtone Smart Farming 
solutions focuses on Remote Monitoring, Automation and Remote Control (“RAR”). The benefits 
of the solution are as follows:-
i. Weather prediction as well and soil monitoring sensors for optimal plant growth;
ii. Better cost management and waste reduction to mitigate the risk of losing yields; and
iii. Enhanced product quality and volume through automation.

---- Page 28 ----
27
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
7.0 ENVIRONMENTAL (Cont’d)
7.3 Land Remediation (Cont’d)
i. Technology Innovation for A More Sustainable future (Cont’d)
 REDtone Smart Farming provides features such as cloud-hosted Smart Control Panel, the ability 
to remotely monitor water, soil, and environmental conditions, automation of farm functions, and 
remote control of these automations. The solutions include automation of irrigation, fertigation and 
pesticide misting, greenhouse management, use of ultrasonic animal intrusion detection, CCTV, 
and product tracking, distribution and data analytics. REDtone pilot farms with MDEC showed an 
average of 20% increase in yield, and an average 20% reduction in operational costs, resulting 
in a 40% increase in margins for the farmers. Some farms have recorded a drop in crop damage 
rate from 15% to 3%. 
 
 REDtone Smart Farming Solutions offers a feature-rich automation system that allows farmers to monitor 
and control various parameters, such as water, soil composition, environmental conditions, etc, remotely via 
smartphone, tablet, or laptop.
 REDtone Smart Farming now includes integration with satellite monitoring capabilities via its 
REDtone Satellite IoT Solutions (“SIS”) offering. Using this solution, REDtone is assisting the 
Malaysian Government via the Forest Research Institute Malaysia (“FRIM”) to digitalise its forest 
monitoring capabilities which include Satellite Monitoring for deforestation, a river monitoring 
system, and an NFC based forest logging monitoring system. REDtone was awarded the winner 
for Malaysia APICTA Award 2019 - “Best Industrial Provider for the Agriculture Sector”.
 
 REDtone Smart Farming has expanded its offerings to provide Satellite IoT Solutions (“SIS”), which uses the 
latest satellite data, processed and analyzed with widely-used and custom algorithms to enable timely and 
informed decisions.

---- Page 29 ----
28
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
8.0 SOCIAL
 REDtone acknowledges the importance of social sustainability and has contributed positively to the 
communities by creating jobs, workplace safety, product and service compliance, information security and 
privacy, employees’ safety and health and communities support.
8.1 Human Resources Diversity, Gender Equality and Human Rights
i. Human Resources Diversity, Gender Equality
 REDtone adheres to fair employment’s policies as it provides fair employment opportunities for all 
the employees and candidates. Fairness is promoted across all aspects of REDtone’s activities, 
including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, assignment, training, promotion, 
discipline, and discharge of personnel.
 As at 30 June 2023, REDtone’s male executives continued to represent a substantial percentage 
i.e. 70% of the total executives’ workforce (FY 2022: 71%). The main reason for gender inequality 
is primarily due to the nature of its MTNS business, whereby the work involves site engineers 
climbing telecommunication towers to perform tower check, installation of microwave towers 
and provision of technical services such as deployment and integration.
The summary of executives’ headcount in REDtone is as follows:-
Executives’ headcount 
(in %)
12 months 
ended 
30 june 2023
12 months 
ended 
30 june 2022
12 months 
ended 
30 june 2021
Gender 
headcount
Male 
executive
70 71 72
female 
executive
30 29 28
ii. Human Rights  
 REDtone respects human rights and it adheres to all applicable employment and human rights 
regulations at all its operations site.  We do not  tolerate child, forced and involuntary labour. We 
have a clear policy which prohibits discrimination in the hiring, including gender, race, religion, 
age, disability and nationality. 
 The commitment is reflected in REDtone’s Code of Conduct and Human Resource policies. Labour 
standards are communicated to all employees upon joining the Company. All employees are 
expected to adhere to our Code of Conduct and acknowledging that they have read, understood 
and will abide by the policy through submission of the Staff Declaration Form. 
 We also have a whistleblowing policy in place which can be viewed in detail at the Company’s 
website www.redtone.com/investor-relations/whistleblower/ which outlines the processes and 
procedures where internal and external stakeholders can raise any breach of ethics, irregularities, 
misconduct, malpractice, violations or grievances involving any employees, Management or 
Directors of the Company. There were few reports through REDtone’s whistleblowing channel 
but these reports were not significant in nature and have been properly addressed. 
8.2 Employees’ Health Safety and Well Being
i. Occupational Safety and Health (“OSHA”)
 REDtone views providing a safe and healthy environment workplace as a fundamental duty of 
a Company. To achieve this, REDtone continues to foster a safety culture to sustain minimal 
workplace injuries and illness, safeguard the environment and promote sustainability awareness 
and practices. 

---- Page 30 ----
29
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
8.0 SOCIAL (Cont’d)
8.2 Employees’ Health Safety and Well Being (Cont’d)
i. Occupational Safety and Health (“OSHA”) (Cont’d)
 REDtone has established its OSHA Committee headed by it’s Group CEO together with its 
representatives from each of the 7 regions to ensure best practices are well communicated and 
adopted at the workplace. Various initiatives are taken to ensure the following practices are adopted.
•	 Implementing	 and	maintaining	a	policy	that	ensures	the	systematic	management	of	safety,	
occupational health and environment sustainability through compliance with relevant legal 
requirements;
•	 	 Setting,	communicating	and	achieving	measurable	objectives	and	targets	aimed	at	managing	
risk, awareness of health and safety, management of environmental aspects and impacts, 
minimising and preventing adverse environmental impacts;
•	 Ensuring	 continual	improvement	in	achieving	the	objectives	of	this	policy	through	integration	
of best practices into REDtone’s activities;
•	 Providing	 employees	the	necessary	training	and	certification	as	a	step-up	measure	of	their	
understanding and knowledge concerning workplace safety and to keep abreast of the 
latest relevant industry safety regulations, policies and procedures; and 
•	 Incorporating	 environmental	sustainability	principles,	awareness	and	understanding	into	
REDtone’s activities and community engagement.
 As part of the best practice, REDtone’s field engineers are required to undergo safety induction training 
before they are assigned to their respective sites. They are also required to obtain a Construction Industry 
Development Board Malaysia (“CIDB”) card as a validation of their understanding and knowledge 
concerning workplace safety.
Details 12 months ended 
30 june 2023
12 months ended 
30 june 2022
12 months ended  
30 june 2021
Safety Induction Trainings 
(number of trainings)
8 23 15
 In order to reduce REDtone’s field employees’ exposure to workplace hazards, REDtone ensures Personal 
Protective Equipment are readily available. In addition, REDtone’s safety personnel are certified by the 
National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health (“NIOSH”) and they keep abreast of the latest 
industry safety regulations, policies and procedures.
 REDtone’s site personnel are Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Risk Control (“HIRARC”) 
trained. An annual risk assessment is conducted on safety-related facilities in REDtone’s business and 
operation premises.
 REDtone promotes a safe and healthy work environment through effective communication, systematic 
identification, assessment and control of hazards, environmental aspects and impacts, and integrating 
principles of ecologically sustainable development in REDtone’s activities. As such, a commitment to 
a safe and healthy work environment is now an integral part of this organisation.
Description fY 2023 fY 2022 fY 2021
Fatalities Case 0 0 0
Lost Workday Case (LWC) 0 0 0
Restricted Workday Case (RWC) 0 0 0

---- Page 31 ----
30
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
8.0 SOCIAL (Cont’d)
8.2 Employees’ Health Safety and Well Being (Cont’d)
i. Occupational Safety and Health (“OSHA”) (Cont’d)
Description fY 2023 fY 2022 fY 2021
First Aid Case (FAC) 0 0 1
Near Miss Case 0 0 0
Dangerous Occurrence Case 0 1 0
Fire  Case 0 0 0
Property Damage Case 1 1 0
Vehicle Accident Case 0 1 1
No of Days Lost 0 0 0
Total Safe Man-hours Worked 212,160 288,156 299,520
ii. Well-Being 
 The wellbeing of REDtone’s employees, continues to be of paramount importance because 
they are the ‘backbone’ of REDtone’s business. REDtone emphasizes a safe and healthy work 
environment and REDtone’s employees are given training to ensure work safety in office and at 
sites.
8.3 Labour Practices – Human Capital – Supply Chain Social 
i. Company Branding, Talent Management and Employees’ Engagement
 Effective communication is important for the ongoing corporate success. Engagement channels 
help employees to stay connected and motivated. 
 Various communication and interactive activities are organised to maintain a high level of 
employees’ engagement. It is important for REDtone to attract and retain its talents.
 Every employee’s voice is heard as far as practical, and aspirations are fulfilled by the Company. 
REDtone practises an open-door policy whereby open communication is encouraged, and the use 
of intranet portals provides a platform for employees’ feedback and dissemination of REDtone’s 
information.
ii. Learning and Development 
 REDtone is passionate about continuous education and employees’ development. REDtone 
Academy, its in-house trainer, continues to provide training and development modules to assist its 
employees to reach their full potential to meet its business needs and contribute to the success 
of the Company. Trainings are still being conducted virtually as it allows participants from other 
regions to attend the virtual trainings. 

---- Page 32 ----
31
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
8.0 SOCIAL (Cont’d)
8.3 Labour Practices – Human Capital – Supply Chain Social  (Cont’d)
ii. Learning and Development  (Cont’d)
 The types of training attended by REDtone’s employees are as follows:-
12 months ended 
30 june 2023
12 months ended 
30 june 2022
12 months ended 
30 june 2021
Type of Training Number of participants
Finance & Accounting 15 95 14
Management 41 23 89
Product & Services 1,128 167 132
Safety & Health 151 254 296
Soft skills 299 956 611
Technical 67 204 266
Others 1,497 395 562
Total 3,198 2,094 1,970
Training unit of 
Measurement
fY 2023 fY 2022 fY 2021
Total training time as a Company Hours 8,393 7,504 6,332
Average number of hours of 
training per year per employee 
Hours 27.9 22.5 19.7
Average days per employee Days 3.5 2.8 2.3
 There were no cases of non-compliance with labour standards during this reporting period as 
the employees are familiar with REDtone’s Principles of Business Conduct.
8.4 Society
 REDtone believes corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) programme can make a positive difference to 
the communities where it operates. REDtone is firmly committed to our CSR programme’s sustainability 
through several key initiatives.
i. Community Support
 In January 2023, REDtone collaborated with Pusat Darah Negara for a Blood Donation Campaign 
and managed to collect 59 bags of blood from 83 donors.  

---- Page 33 ----
32
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
8.0 SOCIAL (Cont’d)
8.4 Society  (Cont’d)
i. Community Support (Cont’d)
 REDtone collaborated with Pusat Darah Negara for a Blood Donation Campaign and collected 59 blood bags 
from 70 donors.
 In April 2023, REDtone organised a Ramadhan Charity Drive for the children of Pusat Jagaan 
Kanak-kanak Yatim/Miskin Rukaiyah, a home located in Kajang, Selangor, for about 42 
orphaned children (ranging from 8 to 17 years old) and 13 employees of the centre. REDtone 
and employees donated a sum of RM6,028 and it was spent on kasut raya, food, Raya packet 
and cash donation to the home.
 REDtone organised a charity drive event during Ramadhan with the aim of collecting donations to purchase 
food and necessities for children at Pusat Jagaan Kanak-kanak Yatim/Miskin Rukaiyah. This initiative was part 
of the Company’s ongoing commitment to instilling the value of “giving back to society”.
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 34 ----
33
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
8.0 SOCIAL (Cont’d)
8.4 Society  (Cont’d)
i. Community Support (Cont’d)
 As at to date, REDtone has won more than 40 corporate awards over the past 20 years. One of 
the biggest highlights in this financial year was that REDtone received two incredible awards at 
The Edge Malaysia Centurion Club & Corporate Awards 2022. The awards were for the “HIGHEST 
GROWTH IN PROFIT AFTER TAX OVER 3 YEARS” and “HIGHEST RETURN ON EQUITY OVER 3 
YEARS” categories in the joint sector of Telecommunications, Media & Utilities. These prestigious 
awards are a reflection of our resilience and strong foundation, as well as our ability to deliver 
exceptional results despite a challenging business environment.
 REDtone received The Edge Malaysia Centurion Club Corporate Awards 2022 for the “HIGHEST GROWTH 
IN PROFIT AFTER TAX OVER 3 YEARS” and “HIGHEST RETURN ON EQUITY OVER 3 YEARS” in the joint 
sector of Telecommunications, Media & Utilities.
ii. Sports
 While the global popularity of sport is undeniably a contributing factor to the mass media appeal of 
sport-based CSR initiatives, our continued commitment to the programme and the concerted efforts 
of all stakeholders have helped us achieve significant progress in empowering the next generation. 
 REDtone is the title sponsor of the REDtone 14th Kuala Lumpur International Junior Open Squash 
Championships 2023. This edition, which marks the 9th time that REDtone has been title sponsor, 
making it the event’s longest-serving title sponsor to date. The programme has helped raise the 
overall profile and awareness of the tournament, having elevated it to Platinum status which is 
the highest level accorded to an Asian Squash Federation (“ASF”) sanctioned tournament. A 
key quantitative measure of the event’s success is its remarkable growth in terms of number of 
participants. Malaysia became the first host country in Asia to attract more than 800 players since 
2017, a feat that was repeated in the most recent tournament, reinforcing the event’s standing 
as the largest junior tournament in Asia and second in the world.
REDtone is the title 
sponsor of the REDtone 
14th KL International 
Junior Open Squash 
Championships 2022. 
This edition marks the 
9th time REDtone has 
been the title sponsor 
for the prestigious event. 
Sanctioned by the Asian 
Squash Federation 
(“ASF”), the tournament 
is the biggest in Asia and 
the second largest in 
the world after the US 
Junior Open.

---- Page 35 ----
34
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)
8.0 SOCIAL (Cont’d)
8.4 Society  (Cont’d)
ii. Sports (Cont’d)
 REDtone has been a sponsor for LAKSAMANA Run for the 4th consecutive year. It is an honour 
to be part of this annual prestigious fundraising event. Organised by the Tunku Laksamana Johor 
Cancer Foundation, the Laksamana Run spreads awareness of cancer while raising vital funds for 
the foundation to assist financially-challenged cancer patients in their fight against the disease.
 REDtone is honored to be part of the Silver Sponsor for four consecutive years. Organized by the Tunku 
Laksamana Johor Cancer Foundation, the Laksamana Neon Run spreads cancer awareness while raising vital 
funds for the foundation to assist financially challenged cancer patients in their fight against the disease.
8.5 Product and Services Responsibility
i. Customers’ Care and Experience
 REDtone’s vision is to continue to serve and make a positive impact to the community and 
organisations by delivering reliable and cost effective telecommunications infrastructure and digital 
solutions. “Flexibility”, “Value” and “Dependability” are key objectives set out by REDtone to its 
customers, underscoring a firm commitment to delivering reliable services with professionalism.
9.0 GOVERNANCE
9.1 Compliance 
i. Information Data Security and Privacy
 REDtone Data Centre Sdn Bhd (“RDC”) has successfully obtained the renewal of SIRIM ISO/
IEC 27001:2013 certification in January 2021 for the implementation of the Information Security 
Management System with a 3-year validity period. 
 The certification of SIRIM ISO/IEC 27001:2013 provides the following benefits:-
i. ensures the preservation of confidentiality, integrity and availability of its information systems; 
ii. assures the authenticity, accountability, non-repudiation and reliability of its information 
systems;
iii. provides assurance to its customers and stakeholders that their information is secure from 
damage, loss and misuse; and
iv. improved reputation for integrity and security in its business processes.
 RDC’s customers requested directly or indirectly for this ISO certification as a requirement to 
engage RDC as their service provider.

---- Page 36 ----
35
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
9.0 GOVERNANCE (Cont’d)
9.1 Compliance (Cont’d)
i. Information Data Security and Privacy (Cont’d)
 In addition to ISO 27001:2013, RDC is also Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard 
(“PCI-DSS”) certified. PCI-DSS is a security standard issued by the Payment Card Industry 
(“PCI”) Council for security of payment card information. This compliance is a requirement by 
Bank Negara Malaysia for all Malaysian financial institutions, e-Money and payment operators 
who uses REDtone’s data centre and cloud infrastructure and related IT services.
 The PCI-DSS certification is aimed to accomplish the following objectives:-
i. establishing and maintaining a set of policies, standards, and procedures for the security 
of the infrastructure that support customers’ systems;
ii. deploying relevant security technologies in accordance with the PCI-DSS;
iii. educating employees on information security best practices;
iv. establishing critical roles and responsibilities to support the PCI Program;
v. proactively identify and document key changes impacting PCI compliance; and
vi. establishing a governance model for the maintenance of the PCI Program.
ii. IT Integrity and Cyber Security
 In view of the increase in demand for cloud and mobile computing, REDtone adopts a more 
proactive approach in managing financial risks, corporates’ reputation and customers’ satisfaction.
 As a result of the increase in cybersecurity issues, REDtone is committed to provide and has 
increased its efforts to drive awareness of risks among its enterprise’s customers. Improving the 
reliability of infrastructure networks is important to REDtone as customers rely on the stability of 
its services.
 Engaging a holistic approach to cybersecurity, REDtone’s solutions are incorporated with sufficient 
security and compliance features which enable REDtone in providing comprehensive solutions 
for its customers.
 In order to create Cyber Security awareness among its staff, REDtone Academy, its in-house 
trainer, has conducted Cyber Security Awareness Programs for all its employees and has also 
invited the Polis DiRaja Malaysia (“PDRM”) to give talks on Cyber Security.  
iii. Ethical and Business Conduct 
 REDtone has adopted a zero-tolerance approach policy against all forms of bribery and corruption 
in its daily operations and is committed to conducting business with transparency, integrity and 
accountability, following the local applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 There has not been any disciplinary cases reported for corrupt practices. We have zero fines and 
penalties from the authorities in the current reporting period.
Sustainability Statement 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 37 ----
36
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
The Board of Directors (“Board”) of REDtone Digital Berhad (“Company”) recognises the importance of upholding 
good corporate governance in the discharge of its duties and responsibilities to uphold shareholders’ confidence 
and enhance shareholder value.
In its application of corporate governance practices, the Board has taken into consideration the enumerations 
of the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021 (“MCCG” or “Code”) and Paragraph 15.25 of the Main 
Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”). This Statement is to be 
read together with the Corporate Governance Report (“CG Report”) of the Company which is available on the 
Company’s website at www.redtone.com.
This Statement is to provide shareholders and other stakeholders with an overview of the Group’s application of 
the following 3 Principles set out in the MCCG.
(a) Principle A: Board Leadership and Effectiveness; 
(b) Principle B: Effective Audit and Risk Management; and
(c) Principle C: Integrity in Corporate Reporting and Meaningful Relationship with Stakeholders. 
Details of application for each practice of the Code during the financial year ended 30 June 2023 are disclosed in 
the CG Report.
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
A. Board Responsibilities
Board of Directors
 The Board is responsible for the leadership, oversight and long-term success of the Group. The Board fully 
understands their collective responsibilities in guiding the business activities of the Group in reaching an 
optimum balance of a sound and sustainable business operation in order to safeguard shareholder value.
 In discharging its fiduciary duties and leadership functions, it is imperative for the Board to govern and set 
the strategic direction of the Company while exercising oversight on management. To ensure the effective 
discharge of its function and duties, the principal responsibilities of the Board include the following specific 
areas:
•	 Strategic	business	plan	and	direction	of	the	Group
•	 Promote	good	corporate	governance	culture	within	the	Group
•	 Investment	and	divestment	proposals
•	 Approval	of	financial	results
•	 Ensure	integrity	of	financial	and	non-financial	reporting
•	 Risk	management
•	 Succession	planning	of	Board	and	Senior	Management
•	 Board	appointments,	their	fees	and	remuneration
•	 Board	committees’	appointment
•	 Dividend	policy
•	 Review	the	adequacy	and	integrity	of	the	Group’s	internal	control	systems
•	 Implement	effective	public	communications	and	investor	relations	policies
•	 Oversee	the	sustainability	risks	and	opportunities
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEw STATEMENT

---- Page 38 ----
37
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT’D)
A. Board Responsibilities (Cont’d)
Chairman of the Board
 YAM Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail, the Chairman of the Board, is responsible for instilling 
good corporate governance practices, leadership and effectiveness of the Board as well as maintaining 
regular dialogue with the Executive Director over all operational matters. The Chairman will act as a facilitator 
at meetings of the Board to ensure that no Board member, whether executive or non-executive, dominates 
discussion, and that appropriate discussion takes place and relevant opinion among Board members are 
forthcoming.
 The Chairman, YAM Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail, is not a member of the Board Committees.  
 The profile of the Chairman is set out in the Board of Directors’ profile of this Annual Report, whereas the 
roles and responsibilities of the Chairman are clearly specified in Appendix B of the Board Charter, which is 
available on the Company’s website at www.redtone.com.
 The Board recognises that an element of strong independence of the Board is essential to ensure a balance 
of	power	and	authority.	The	positions	of	the	Chairman	and	the	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer	are	held	by	
two (2) different individuals and their roles and responsibilities are clearly segregated to further enhance and 
preserve a balance of authority and accountability. The Chairman provides overall leadership to the Board, 
without compromising the principle of collective responsibility for Board’s decisions while the Group Chief 
Executive	Officer	focuses	primarily	on	formulation	and	implementation	of	business	strategies,	oversees	the	
implementation of the Board’s decisions and policies, as well as supervises the day-to-day management and 
running of the Group.
Time Commitment
 The Board requires its members to devote sufficient time to the workings of the Board, to effectively discharge 
their duties as Directors of the Company and to use their best endeavours to attend meetings.
 The Board meets every quarter, with the meetings scheduled well in advance before the commencement of 
the calendar year to facilitate the Directors in managing their meeting plans. Additional meetings, including 
special meetings are convened whenever necessary. 
 During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, there were a total of 5 board meetings held, details of the 
Directors’ attendance at the meetings are summarised below:
NAME OF DIRECTORS Attendance
YAM Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail 5/5
Mr. Lau Bik Soon 5/5
Mr. Kua Choo Kai 5/5
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan 5/5
Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh 5/5
Ms. Loh Paik Yoong 5/5
Dato’ Sri Badrul Hisham Bin Abdul Aziz 
(Appointed on 1 September 2022) 
4/4
Encik Zakaria Bin Abdul Hamid (Resigned on 31 August 2022) 1/1
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 39 ----
38
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT’D)
A. Board Responsibilities (Cont’d)
Company Secretary
 All Directors have full access to the advice and services of the Company Secretaries, who are suitably qualified, 
experienced and competent. The Company Secretaries ensure that the Board procedures are adhered to at 
all times. The Company Secretaries play an advisory role to the Board on the Board’s policies and procedures 
and advise the Board on any updates relating to new statutory and relevant regulatory requirements including 
corporate governance developments and the resultant implications of any change therein to the Group and 
Directors in respect of their duties and responsibilities.
 The Company Secretary attends and ensures meetings of Board and Board Committees are properly convened 
while proper records of the deliberations at the meetings and resolutions passed are maintained accordingly 
at the registered office of the Company.
Access to Information and Advice
 The Directors have full and timely access to information concerning the Company and the Group. The relevant 
meeting agenda complete with relevant meeting papers and matters for discussion are prepared and circulated 
to the Directors in advance prior to each Board and Board Committee meetings, which enable the Directors to 
have sufficient time to peruse and assess the meeting papers and obtain explanations from the Management 
or Company Secretary, in order to have a constructive and effective discussion at the meetings.
 Upon conclusion of the meetings, the minutes will be circulated to the Board and Board Committees to ensure 
that the deliberations and decisions are accurately recorded, including the abstention of the Director(s) from 
voting or deliberating on a particular matter, if any.
 The Directors, whether as a full Board or in their individual capacity, may seek independent professional advice 
at the Company’s expense on specific issues and gain access to relevant information whenever required to 
enable the Directors to discharge their duties more effectively.
Board Charter
 The Company’s Board Charter which clearly sets out the respective roles and responsibilities of the Board 
as a whole, the individual Directors and the Board Committees as well as the matters reserved for collective 
decision of the Board, serves as a source of reference to the Directors. The Board Charter is publicly available 
on the Company’s website at www.redtone.com.
 The Board Charter is reviewed as and when deemed necessary to ensure its relevance and to remain consistent 
with the Board’s objectives and responsibilities. The Board Charter was last reviewed in August 2022. 
Code of Conduct
 The Board is guided by the Directors’ Code of Best Practice embedded in the Board Charter which sets out 
the ethical standards, to ensure the Board upholds high standards of integrity and accountability at all times. 
 The Group has also in place a Code of Conduct covering business ethics, workplace safety and employees’ 
personal conduct. It provides guidance as to the ethical conduct to be complied, to uphold the principles of 
honesty and integrity, to ensure all employees maintain and uphold a high standard of ethical and professional 
conduct in the course of performance of their duties and responsibilities. The Code of Conduct is available 
on the Company’s website at www.redtone.com.
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 40 ----
39
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT’D)
A. Board Responsibilities (Cont’d)
Whistleblowing
 A Whistleblowing Policy is in place to provide the appropriate communication and feedback channels to 
facilitate whistleblowing, as well as to guide and address any reports of wrongdoing under the Code of Conduct, 
including communication through the Company’s website. The Whistleblowing Policy, which is published 
on the Company’s website, was revised in August 2022, and sets out the processes and procedures for 
employees or members of the public to report genuine concerns about any illegal, unethical or questionable 
practices in confidence and without the risk of reprisal.
B. Sustainability 
 The Board holds the ultimate accountability for the Group’s operations by ensuring environmental, social 
and governance (“ESG”) considerations are embedded in the strategic planning, risk management and in the 
implementation of the Group’s initiatives.
 The sustainability governance at the Group is anchored upon the structure of the Sustainability Working 
Committee,	which	is	headed	by	the	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer	to	drive	the	implementation	of	the	Board’s	
approved sustainability strategies and practices.
 The Board has adopted an ESG Framework which provides guiding principles on how the culture of 
sustainability should be promoted across the Group.
 The Group has engaged with the stakeholders through various methods during the financial year ended 30 
June 2023. The details of the stakeholders’ engagement are set out in the Sustainability Statement in this 
Annual Report.
 The Board members will keep themselves appraised with contemporaneous and relevant sustainability 
developments including climate-related risks and opportunities by way of formal training.  
 
C. Board Composition
Board Composition and Balance
 The current Board consists of 7 members, of whom 3 are Independent Non-Executive Directors, 1 is 
an Executive Director and 3 are Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors. This composition fulfills the 
requirements of Paragraph 15.02 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities, which stipulates 
that at least 2 Directors or 1/3 of the Board of the Company, whichever is the higher, are independent directors. 
 The Board acknowledges that each of the Directors of the Company with their multi varied experiences, 
backgrounds and qualifications provide effective contribution and support to the functions of the Board. 
All newly appointed Directors will undergo the Mandatory Accreditation Programmes as required by Bursa 
Securities.
 The profiles of the Directors are set out in the Board of Directors’ Profile of this Annual Report. 
 The Nomination Committee is satisfied that the current Board composition is strongly suited to provide 
effective oversight and delegation of responsibilities, in alignment with the strategic objectives of the Group.
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 41 ----
40
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT’D)
C. Board Composition (Cont’d)
Board Committees 
 For the effective functioning of the Board, the Board has established the following Board Committees to assist 
in the discharge of its stewardship role:
(i) Audit Committee;
(ii) Nomination Committee; and
(iii) Remuneration Committee.
 The Board Committees operate within clearly defined terms of reference duly approved by the Board, and 
which are reviewed as and when necessary. The Chairman of the respective Board Committees reports to the 
Board on proceedings and outcome of the Board Committee meetings, together with their recommendations, 
while the ultimate responsibility for decision making lies with the Board.
Nomination Committee
 The Nomination Committee, chaired by the Independent Non-Executive Director, is established to assist the 
Board to consider, identify, assess and nominate new candidates for directorship and Board Committees’ 
membership. In the selection process, the Nomination Committee does not set any target on gender, ethnicity 
or age diversity but endeavour to include any member who will improve the Board’s overall compositional 
balance. The Nomination Committee assesses a candidate’s profile, skills, knowledge, expertise, experience, 
time commitment, character, professionalism, integrity and fit and proper criteria before recommending the 
candidate for appointment as a new director to the Board for consideration.
 In discharging its responsibilities, the Nomination Committee performed the following activities during the 
financial year ended 30 June 2023:
•	 Conducted	 an	annual	assessment	of	the	Board’s	effectiveness	as	a	whole	and	the	contribution	of	each	
Director and Board Committee; 
•	 Assessed	the	independence	status	of	the	Independent	Non-Executive	Directors	of	the	Company;
•	 Evaluated	the	performance	of	the	Board	Committees	and	each	of	its	members;
•	 Reviewed	 and	recommended	to	the	Board,	the	re-election	of	the	Directors	who	were	due	for	re-election	
at the Twentieth Annual General Meeting of the Company;
•	 Recommended	 to	the	Board	on	the	retention	of	Dato’	Mohd	Zaini	Bin	Hassan,	the	Independent	Non-
Executive Director of the Company, who has served the Board for a cumulative term of more than nine 
(9) years, to be retained as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company pursuant to MCCG 
at the Twentieth Annual General Meeting of the Company; 
•	 In	 accordance	with	Paragraph	15.20	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa	Securities,	the	
Nomination Committee also reviewed the terms of office and performance of the Audit Committee 
and each of its members. The Nomination Committee was satisfied that the Audit Committee and its 
members had carried out their duties in accordance with the terms of reference of the Audit Committee; 
•	 Reviewed	the	revised	Terms	of	Reference	of	the	Nomination	Committee;	and	
•	 Reviewed 	and	recommended	the	appointment	of	Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director	of	the	
Company to the Board for consideration and approval.  
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 42 ----
41
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT’D)
C. Board Composition (Cont’d)
Tenure of Independent Directors
 The Board believes there are significant advantages to be gained from the long-serving Directors who possess 
tremendous insight and in-depth knowledge of the Company’s business and affairs coupled with their calibre, 
qualifications, experience and personal qualities. 
 Practice 5.3 of the Code recommends that the tenure of an independent director should not exceed a 
cumulative term of 9 years. Upon completion of the 9 years’ term, an independent director may continue to 
serve on the Board subject to the director’s redesignation as a non-independent director. In the event such 
director is to be retained as an independent director, the Board must justify and seek annual shareholders’ 
approval through a two-tier voting process as described in the Guidance to Practice 5.3 of the Code provided 
that the tenure does not exceed a cumulative of 12 years.
 Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan and Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh were appointed to the Board as 
Independent Non-Executive Directors on 23 April 2012 and 19 February 2014 respectively.
 The Nomination Committee had undertaken a review and assessment of the level of independence of the 
Independent Directors of the Board and based on the assessment, the Board is generally satisfied with the 
level of independence demonstrated by the Independent Directors, i.e. they are independent of management 
and free from any business dealing or other relationship with the Group that could reasonably be perceived 
to materially interfere with their exercise of unfettered and independent judgement.
 Based on the assessment carried out, it has been determined that Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan and Dato’ 
Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh, who have served the Board for a cumulative term of more than 9 years, 
remain objective and independent in expressing their views and in participating in deliberation and decision 
making of the Board and Board Committees.
 Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan has indicated his intention to retire as an Independent Non-Executive Director 
of the Company at the forthcoming Twenty-First Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). 
 The Board recommends to seek the shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming Twenty-First AGM to retain 
Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh as an independent director of the Company. 
 In light of the above, Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan shall hold office as an Independent Non-Executive Director 
of the Company until the conclusion of the Twenty-First AGM.
 The Nomination Committee and Board will identify a suitable replacement to fill the vacancy arising from the 
retirement of Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan.
Boardroom Diversity
 The Board acknowledges the importance of diversity in terms of age, gender and race, and recognises the 
benefits of this diversity. The Board is of the view that while promoting boardroom diversity is essential, 
the normal selection criteria based on an effective blend of competencies, skills, extensive experience and 
knowledge to strengthen the Board should remain as priority.
 The Board currently has 2 female Directors, namely YAM Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail and 
Ms. Loh Paik Yoong. The Board is comfortable with the current size and composition which is balanced and 
appropriate, where the required mix of skills, experience and industry-specific knowledge of the respective 
Directors are sufficient and effective in discharging the Board’s responsibilities and in meeting the Group’s 
current needs and requirements. The Board will continue to be mindful of the gender diversity guideline 
when considering future changes to the Board’s composition and aims to adopt a gender diversity policy by 
December 2024.
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 43 ----
42
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT’D)
C. Board Composition (Cont’d)
Appointment and Re-election to the Board
 The Board delegates to the Nomination Committee the responsibility of recommending and considering the 
prospective candidates for new appointments to the Board. The Board takes cognisance of the guidelines 
of the Code to utilise a variety of approaches and sources to identify suitable candidates, which may include 
sourcing from a directors’ registry, open advertisements or the use of independent search firms. The Nomination 
Committee is responsible for ensuring that the procedures for appointing new Directors are transparent and 
formal and the appointments are made on merits. 
 During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, Dato’ Sri Badrul Hisham Bin Abdul Aziz has provided the fit 
and proper declaration and the Nomination Committee has evaluated and is satisfied that he has met the 
prescribed criteria as set out in the Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy, and recommended to appoint him as a 
Director to the Board. The Board has subsequently approved his appointment to take effect on 1 September 
2022. 
 
 The retiring Directors standing for re-election at the AGM are recommended by the Nomination Committee. 
Thereafter, the Board approves and recommends for tabling to the shareholders for approval at the AGM. 
Pursuant to Clause 117 of the Company’s Constitution, 1/3 of the Directors for the time being shall retire from 
office at every AGM of the Company and be eligible for re-election provided always that all Directors shall 
retire from office at least once every 3 years but shall be eligible for re-election. New directors appointed by 
the Board shall hold office only until the conclusion of the next AGM and shall be eligible for re-election at 
such AGM pursuant to Clause 116 of the Company’s Constitution. 
 To assist shareholders in their decision, sufficient information on the Directors standing for re-election is 
furnished in the Annual Report accompanying the Notice of AGM.
 At the forthcoming AGM of the Company, the following Directors are due for retirement and are eligible for 
re-election pursuant to the Company’s Constitution as follows:- 
Directors Clause of the Company’s Constitution 
YAM Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail Clause 117
Ms. Loh Paik Yoong Clause 117
 The retiring Directors had provided the fit and proper declarations and the Board had through the Nomination 
Committee, carried out the assessment on the retiring Directors and agreed that they met the criteria as 
prescribed by Paragraph 2.20A of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad 
on character, experience, integrity, competence and time to effectively discharge their role as Directors.
 The Board then endorsed the recommendation of the Nomination Committee for the retiring Directors to be 
considered for re-election pursuant to the Company’s Constitution at the forthcoming AGM.
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 44 ----
43
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT’D)
C. Board Composition (Cont’d)
Board and Board Committees’ Annual Assessment
 The Board, through the Nomination Committee, conducts annual assessment of the Board, Board Committees 
and individual Directors to assess their performance and to identify areas for improvement. The annual 
assessment comprises Board and Board Committee Assessment, Board Skills Matrix Evaluation and Audit 
Committee Assessment which are guided by the Corporate Governance Guide 4th Edition issued by Bursa 
Malaysia Berhad. They are completed by the respective Board Committees and Directors, to provide feedback, 
views, and suggestions for improvement. The results of the assessments and comments by Directors are 
summarised and deliberated at the Nomination Committee meeting and thereafter, the Nomination Committee 
Chairman will report the results of the assessment to the Board.
 The assessment of the Board and Board Committees is based on specific criteria, covering areas such as the 
Board structure, mix of skills, Board operations, roles and responsibilities of the Board and Board Committees 
as well as the Chairman’s roles and responsibilities.
 The annual assessment enables the Board to ensure that each of the Board member has the competency, 
experience, character, integrity and time availability, including the right mix of skills to effectively discharge 
their	respective	roles.	On	an	overall	basis,	the	Board	is	satisfied	with	the	results	of	the	assessment,	whereby	
the size of the Board is optimum, well-balanced with the appropriate mix of skills and experience in the 
composition of the Board.
Directors’ Training
 The Board acknowledges that continuous education is essential for the Directors to further enhance their skills 
and knowledge. The Board shall ensure compliance with the Mandatory Accreditation Programmes as required 
by Bursa Securities for the newly appointed Directors. The Board will also comply with the new requirement 
to attend the Mandatory Accreditation Programme Part II (“MAP II”) as required by Bursa Securities. As at 
this annual report date, 4 of the 7 Directors have since attended the MAP II.
 All Directors have attended relevant trainings, conferences and seminars on an ongoing basis to ensure that 
they are kept abreast of the latest developments and changes to the regulatory requirements that may affect 
their roles as Directors of the Company. The Nomination Committee will also assess the training needs of 
the Directors from time to time to ensure the Directors are equipped with relevant knowledge and skills to 
discharge their duties more effectively.
 
 During the financial year under review, the continuous education programmes attended by the Directors are 
as follows:
Director Title of Programmes/Seminars/Courses/Forums
YAM Tunku Tun Aminah 
Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail
•	 Advancing	Cyber	Resilience	–	Board’s	Top	3	Must-Knows
Mr. Lau Bik Soon •	 Economic	 Outlook	–	Global,	Regional	&	ASEAN	Economic	Update
•	 Working	Together	Principles	and	Practices	
•	 Cybersecurity	Landscape	and	New	Approaches	to	Protect	Your	
Business 
•	 Mastering	3	Kingdoms	Leadership	&	Strategies	
•	 Driving	Customer	Acquisition	with	Digital	Marketing	for	Local	
Businesses 
•	 Best	the	Odds	in	Business	and	Life
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 45 ----
44
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT’D)
C. Board Composition (Cont’d)
Directors’ Training (Cont’d)
 During the financial year under review, the continuous education programmes attended by the Directors are 
as follows: (Cont’d)
Director Title of Programmes/Seminars/Courses/Forums
Mr. Kua Choo Kai •	 Sustainability	Realized:	EY	ASEAN	Sustainability	Summit	2022
•	 ESG	Disclosure	at	a	Glance:	Key	Developments	and	Future	Trends
•	 ESG	Oversight:	Role	of	the	Board	
•	 Corporate	 Governance	Remuneration	Practices	for	the	ESG	World
•	 ESG 	Management 	Leading 	Companies 	to	Sustainable 	
Development
•	 Supercharging	Modern	Accounting
•	 Understanding	Malaysian	Bankrupt	Laws	&	The	Consequences
•	 BEPS	 2.0:	How	will	the	OECD/G20	project	change	the	International	
Tax Landscape
•	 Audit	Oversight	Board	Conversation	with	Audit	Committees
•	 2023	Budget	Webinar
•	 The	Board	“Agender”:	Bursa	Malaysia	Immersive	Session
•	 EY	 ASEAN	Tax	Forum	–	How	Tax	Accounting	Team	Should	Prepare	
for BEPS Changes and Global Tax Transformation
•	 MIA	 International	Accountants	Conference	–	Future	Fit	Profession:	
Charting A Better Tomorrow
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan •	 5	Key	Cyber	Threat	Trends	and	Developments	in	2023
Dato’ Avinderjit Singh 
A/L Harjit Singh
•	 ESG	 Disclosure	At	a	Glance:	Key	Developments	and	Future	Trends
•	 Climate	 Change	and	Carbon:	From	the	Financial	Risk	&	Reporting	
Perspectives
•	 Characteristics	of	ESG	&	Sustainability	Leadership
•	 ESG	Oversight:	Role	of	the	Board	
•	 Amendments	to	2022	New	Bursa	Listing	Requirements
Ms. Loh Paik Yoong •	 ESG	 Disclosure	At	a	Glance:	Key	Developments	and	Future	Trends
•	 Climate	 Change	and	Carbon:	From	the	Financial	Risk	&	Reporting	
Perspectives 
•	 Advocacy 	Sessions	for	Directors	and	Senior	Management	of	Main	
Market Listed Issuers Confirmation
•	 Characteristic	of	ESG	&	Sustainability	Leadership
•	 Inbound	Investment:	Cross	border	transaction	into	Singapore
•	 Corporate	and	Commercial	Law
•	 Perdana	Leadership	CEO	Forum	2022
•	 Staying	Ahead:	Latest	in	Data	Privacy
•	 2022	MFRS	Updates	Seminar
•	 Tax	and	Business	Summit	2022
•	 Presentation	 on	2023	Global	Human	Capital	Trends	–	Deloitte	
Insights
•	 Training	 on	Corporate	Liability	–	Compliance	with	section	17A	of	
the MACC Act on Anti-Bribery / Anti-Corruption
Dato’ Sri Badrul Hisham 
Bin Abdul Aziz
•	 Sustainability	Strategy
•	 FTSE	4	Good	ESG	Rating
  
 The Directors continue to gain updates through the briefings by Company Secretaries, Internal Auditors and 
External Auditors during the quarterly meetings as well as communications with other Directors and their daily 
work exposures. In addition, the Directors are also updated from time to time by the Company Secretaries 
on any change to legal and governance practices, new accounting and auditing standards that may have 
impact on the Group’s businesses via electronic means.
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 46 ----
45
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT’D)
D. Remuneration
 The Group strives to ensure that there are formal and transparent Directors’ remuneration policies and 
procedures in place to attract and retain Directors of the calibre needed to run the Group successfully.
 The Board has established a Remuneration Committee with an objective to assist the Board in recommending 
a formal and transparent procedure and structure in determining the remuneration package for the Board and 
Senior Management. In formulating the framework and levels of remuneration, the Remuneration Committee 
ensures the remuneration policy remains supportive of the Company’s corporate objectives, is aligned with 
the interests of the shareholders, is able to attract, retain and motivate the Executive Directors and Senior 
Management, and is reflective of their experience and level of responsibilities. 
 The Board, as a whole, determines the fees of the Non-Executive Directors, with each Director concerned 
abstaining from any decision with regards to his/her own remuneration. Taking into account the performance of 
the Group and the responsibilities of the Directors, the Directors’ fees are set in accordance with a remuneration 
framework comprising responsibility fees and attendance fees.
 The Remuneration Policy and Procedures as well as the Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee 
of the Company are accessible on the Company’s website at www.redtone.com.
 Details of the Directors’ remuneration categorised into appropriate components for the financial year ended 
30 June 2023 are as follows:-
Company Group
Salaries/
Bonus
(RM)
Fees
(RM)
Allowance
(RM)
Other 
Emoluments ^
(RM)
Salaries/
Bonus
(RM)
Fees
(RM)
Allowance
(RM)
Other 
Emoluments ^
(RM)
Executive Director
Mr. Lau Bik Soon – – – – 1,014,000 – 95,600 141,700
Non-Executive Directors
YAM Tunku Tun 
Aminah Binti 
Sultan Ibrahim Ismail
– 381,000 – 8,600 – 381,000 – 8,600
Mr. Kua Choo Kai – 79,000 – 14,500 – 79,000 – 14,500
Dato’ Mohd Zaini 
Bin Hassan 
– 56,000 – 15,800 – 56,000 – 15,800
Dato’ Avinderjit Singh 
A/L Harjit Singh 
– 52,500 – 8,600 – 91,800 – 8,600
Ms. Loh Paik Yoong – 55,000 – 15,800 – 55,000 – 15,800
Dato’ Sri 
Badrul Hisham 
Bin Abdul Aziz@
– 50,000 – 7,200 – 50,000 – 7,200
Encik Zakaria 
Bin Abdul Hamid*
– 7,000 – 1,400 – 20,000 – 1,400
Notes:-
^	 Other	emoluments	are	inclusive	of	meeting	allowance	and	employer’s	provident	fund	contributions
@ Appointed on 1 September 2022
* Resigned on 31 August 2022
 The Board has considered and is of the opinion that the disclosure of the top five (5) Senior Management’s 
remuneration on a named basis would not be in the best interest of the Group due to confidentiality and 
security concerns as well as the competitive conditions for talent in the telecommunications industry.
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 47 ----
46
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT
A. Audit Committee
 The principal objective of the Audit Committee as guided by its terms of reference, is to assist the Board in 
discharging its statutory duties and responsibilities relating to financial reporting process and internal controls 
of the Group.
 The Audit Committee comprises 2 Independent Non-Executive Directors and 1 Non-Independent Non-
Executive Director, whom collectively possess a wide range of necessary skills and is financially literate to 
effectively discharge their duties. The Audit Committee is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director, 
Mr. Kua Choo Kai, who is not the Chairman of the Board. 
 The Audit Committee members received ongoing training and development as disclosed in this Statement.
 In order to strengthen the independence of the Audit Committee, Practice 9.2 of the Code recommends to 
observe a cooling-off period of at least 3 years before any partner of external audit firm and/or its affiliate firm 
is appointed as a member of the Audit Committee. Such a clause is included in the Terms and Reference of 
the Audit Committee. 
 The Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee of the Company is accessible on the Company’s website at 
www.redtone.com. 
 The Audit Committee has explicit authority to communicate directly with the External Auditors. The External 
Auditors are invited to attend the Audit Committee meeting at least twice a year to discuss their audit plan 
and their audit findings on the Company’s yearly financial statements. In addition, the Audit Committee will 
also have private sessions with the External Auditors without the presence of the Executive Director and 
Management to discuss any concerns including the Management’s cooperation in the audit process, quality 
and competency in the financial reporting function, sharing of information and audit issues encountered during 
the course of their audit work. 
 The Audit Committee annually reviews and assesses the performance, suitability, objectivity and independence 
of the External Auditors and the level of non-assurance services rendered by the External Auditors which 
may impair their objectivity and independence as External Auditors of the Company. After assessing the 
suitability	and	independence	of	the	External	Auditors,	Ernst	&	Young	PLT	(“EY”), the Audit Committee has 
recommended to the Board for approval, the re-appointment of EY as External Auditors of the Company for 
the ensuing financial year ending 30 June 2024.
 An overview of the summary of works undertaken by the Audit Committee is set out in the Audit Committee 
Report of this Annual Report.
B. Risk Management and Internal Control Framework
 Risk Management and Internal Control
 The Board acknowledges its overall responsibility for continuous maintenance of a sound risk management 
framework and effective system of internal control. The Board has the overall responsibility to review and 
monitor the Group’s risk management and internal control system which provides reasonable assurance of 
an effective and efficient operation, compliance with laws and regulations and to safeguard shareholders’ 
investment and the Group’s assets. A Management-level Risk Management Committee, headed by the Group 
Chief	Executive	Officer,	which	reports	to	the	Audit	Committee,	oversees	the	Enterprise	Risk	Management	
Programme, a programme to assist in the identification and management of the significant risks faced by the 
Group. 
 Details of the Company’s risk management framework and internal control system are disclosed in the 
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control of this Annual Report. 
 For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the Board had reviewed the risk management and internal control 
system of the Group and is of the view that the system is adequate and effective as there were no material 
weaknesses and/or reported shortfalls in the risk management practices and internal control system which 
has resulted in and/or gave rise to any material loss, contingency and/or uncertainty to the Group. 
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 48 ----
47
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT’D)
B. Risk Management and Internal Control Framework (Cont’d)
 Internal Audit Function
 The Group’s internal audit function is outsourced to an independent professional consulting firm, Crowe 
Governance Sdn. Bhd. The Internal Auditors are headed by its Executive Director, Amos Law, who is a 
Certified Internal Auditor, a Chartered Member of the Malaysian Institute of Internal Auditors, and a holder of 
the Certification in Risk Management Assurance. Amos Law together with his team, all of whom are qualified 
and possess the required expertise and experience, are able to discharge their internal audit function duties 
effectively.
 The Internal Auditors assist the Audit Committee and the Board in providing independent assessment on the 
adequacy, efficiency and effectiveness of the Group’s governance and internal control system. All the personnel 
deployed by Crowe Governance Sdn. Bhd. ranging from 2 to 3 staffs, are free from any relationships or conflict 
of interest, which could impair their objectivity and independence during the course of work. The internal 
audits carried out by the Internal Auditors are guided by the International Professional Practices Framework 
issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors Inc., a globally recognised professional body for internal auditors.
 The internal auditors report independently and directly to the Audit Committee on the Group’s internal audit 
function, which is independent of the Management. The internal audit function is carried out in accordance 
with the annual Internal Audit Plan as approved by the Audit Committee and all audit findings arising therefrom 
are reported to the Audit Committee.
 Further details on the Group’s internal audit function are set out in the Audit Committee Report of this Annual 
Report.
PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP wITH 
STAKEHOLDERS
A. Communication with Stakeholders
 The Board acknowledges the importance of establishing the corporate disclosure procedures to enable 
timely, comprehensive and accurate disclosures relating to the Group to the regulators, shareholders and 
stakeholders. The timely release of financial results, announcements of the Group’s performance on a quarterly 
basis and announcements on the Group’s material transactions provide the shareholders with an overview 
of the Group’s performance and operations.
 The Company is committed to ensuring that information communicated to the public regarding the business, 
operations and financial performance of the Company are accurate, timely, factual, informative, consistent, 
broadly disseminated and where necessary, information filed with regulators is in accordance with applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements.
 The Board has adopted a formal Shareholders’ Communication Policy to provide guidance as well as to 
ensure a consistent approach towards the Company’s communication with the shareholders.
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 49 ----
48
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP wITH 
STAKEHOLDERS (CONT’D)
A. Communication with Stakeholders (Cont’d)
 In ensuring effective, transparent and regular communication with its stakeholders, the following communication 
channels are mainly used by the Company in disseminating information:-
•	 The	 Company	maintains	a	website	at	www.redtone.com to facilitate access to pertinent information 
concerning the Group and its operations by the shareholders, consumers and general public. The 
Company’s website includes weblinks to all announcements, annual reports and financial results made 
by the Company to Bursa Securities as well as the latest information of the Group; 
•	 General	 Meetings	which	serve	as	the	principal	forum	for	dialogue	with	shareholders	where	they	may	
raise questions or seek clarifications on the Company’s business and reports from the Company’s 
Directors; and 
•	 ‘Facebook’	 page,	namely,	“redtonemalaysia”	where	corporate	events	and	staff	activities	are	posted	as	
a way to engage with the employees and general public.
B. Conduct of General Meetings
 The AGM serves as the annual principal forum for dialogue between the Board and the shareholders, in 
gathering meaningful feedback and to leverage on the insights of shareholders. Shareholders will be provided 
with ample time to ask questions or seek clarifications from the Company’s Directors in relation to the 
Company’s business and results. 
 During the AGM, shareholders who attend the AGM are encouraged and given sufficient opportunity as well 
as time by the Board to raise questions pertaining to the Annual Report, resolutions being proposed and the 
business of the Company or the Group in general, prior to poll voting. All Directors and the Chair of every 
Board Committee, as well as Senior Management, where appropriate, will provide feedback, answers and 
clarifications to the questions raised from the shareholders during the AGM. The questions posed by the 
shareholders during the Twentieth AGM were made visible to the shareholders. 
 Notice of the AGM and the Annual Report together with the financial statements are sent out to shareholders 
at least 28 days before the date of the meeting to facilitate the shareholders to review the Annual Report, to 
appoint proxies and collate questions to be raised at the AGM. 
 Each item of special business included in the Notice of AGM will be accompanied by a full explanation of the 
effects of the proposed resolution. 
 The Twentieth AGM of the Company held on 1 December 2022, was conducted electronically in its entirety 
via Remote Participation and Electronic Voting facilities. In line with Paragraph 8.29A of the Main Market 
Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities, the poll voting was conducted through a remote electronic voting 
system. Similarly, the poll voting at the forthcoming AGM will also be conducted through a remote electronic 
voting system. An independent scrutineer will be appointed to validate the poll results and the decision of 
each resolution, including the votes for and against of each resolution, will be made known at the meeting 
and the outcome is announced via Bursa Link on the AGM day. 
 During the Twentieth AGM, shareholders were encouraged to pose their questions to the Board via a real 
time submission of typed texts through a text box within the portal during the live streaming of the Twentieth 
AGM. The shareholders were given the opportunity to email their questions to the Company prior to the 
Twentieth AGM as well. The Company had engaged Berjaya Registration Services Sdn. Bhd. who has the 
required infrastructure and equipment to support a smooth broadcast of the general meeting and interactive 
participation by shareholders, as the service provider for the Remote Participation and Voting facilities.
 The Minutes of the Twentieth AGM was made available to the shareholders within 30 business days after the 
Twentieth AGM at the Company’s corporate website at www.redtone.com.
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 50 ----
49
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
KEY FOCUS AREAS AND FUTURE PRIORITIES 
The Board is satisfied that the Group has maintained high standards of corporate governance and strived to achieve 
the highest level of integrity and ethical standard, in all its business dealings. 
Moving forward, the Board will continue to operationalise and improve the Company’s corporate governance 
practices and instil a risk and governance awareness culture and mindset throughout the organisation in the best 
interest of all stakeholders.
The Group will also have a continuous review and update on the Group’s Strategic Plan and performance progress, 
taking into account the economic recovery and growth and the business opportunities.
This	Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	and	the	CG	Report	were	approved	by	the	Board	of	Directors	on	
10	October	2023.
Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement
(Cont’d)

---- Page 51 ----
50
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION
UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS RAISED FROM CORPORATE PROPOSALS
There were no corporate proposals involving fund raising carried out during the financial year under review.
AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES
The amount of audit and non-audit fees paid and payable by the Company and the Group to the External Auditors 
and/or its affiliates for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 are as below:-
Group
RM
Company
RM
Audit fees 408,000 114,000
Non-audit fees 25,000 8,000
MATERIAL CONTRACTS INVOLVING DIRECTORS, CHIEF ExECUTIVE AND MAjOR 
SHAREHOLDERS
There were no material contracts entered into by the Group involving the interest of Directors, Chief Executive (who 
is not a Director) and Major Shareholders of the Group, either still subsisting as at the end of the financial year or 
entered into since the end of the previous financial year.
RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (“RRPTs”) 
At the Twentieth Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 1 December 2022, the Company obtained a 
mandate from its shareholders for RRPTs of a revenue or trading in nature with related parties. 
Pursuant to Paragraph 10.09(2)(b) of the Main Market Listing Requirements and Paragraph 3.1.5 of the related 
Practice Note 12 of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, the details of RRPTs conducted during the financial year 
ended 30 June 2023 pursuant to the shareholders’ mandate are set out below:-
 
REDtone and/or
its subsidiaries
Transacting 
Parties
Nature of Transactions Aggregate value
of transactions
during the
financial year
from 1 july 2022
to 30 june 2023 
(RM’000)
Berjaya Corporation Berhad (“BCorporation”) and its unlisted subsidiary companies (“BCorporation Group”):-
1. REDtone and
its subsidiary
companies
(“REDtone Group”)
BCorporation Management fees payable by 
REDtone Group for services rendered 
that include, inter-alia, the provision
of finance and general administrative
services.
60
2. REDtone Data Centre 
Sdn. Bhd. (“RDC”)
BCorporation
Group
Provision of data centre and cloud
related services by RDC.
1,359
3. RDC BCorporation
Group
Leasing of Information Technology 
Equipment including computer 
servers and data storage equipment 
to RDC.
30

---- Page 52 ----
51
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (“RRPTs”) (CONT’D)
Pursuant to Paragraph 10.09(2)(b) of the Main Market Listing Requirements and Paragraph 3.1.5 of the related 
Practice Note 12 of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, the details of RRPTs conducted during the financial year 
ended 30 June 2023 pursuant to the shareholders’ mandate are set out below:- (Cont’d)
REDtone and/or
its subsidiaries
Transacting 
Parties
Nature of Transactions Aggregate value
of transactions
during the
financial year
from 1 july 2022
to 30 june 2023 
(RM’000)
Berjaya Corporation Berhad (“BCorporation”) and its unlisted subsidiary companies (“BCorporation Group”):- 
(Cont’d)
4. REDtone Group Berjaya Registration 
Services Sdn. Bhd.
Receipt of share registration services,
printing and mailing services by the
REDtone Group.
88
5. REDtone Group E.V.A Management 
Sdn. Bhd.
Receipt of human resource 
management services by the REDtone
Group.
32
6. REDtone Group BLoyalty Sdn. Bhd. Loyalty reward charges payable by the 
REDtone Group.
0.1
Berjaya Land Berhad (“BLand”) and/or its unlisted subsidiary companies (“BLand Group”):-
7. REDtone Group BLand Group Contract revenue payable by the 
REDtone Group for the construction
of mobile base stations and related
operations and maintenance.
24,899
Berjaya Assets Berhad and/or its unlisted subsidiary company
8. REDtone 
Telecommunications 
Sdn. Bhd. (“RTC”)
Berjaya Times 
Square Sdn. Bhd. 
Rental payable by RTC at RM2,750
per month for renting of rooftop
space at Lot No. TB-Roof-02B at
Berjaya Times Square, Jalan Imbi,
Kuala Lumpur. Tenure of the rental 
agreement is for a period of 3 years.
33
9. RTC Berjaya Times
Square Sdn. Bhd.
Rental payable by RTC at RM3,300 
per month for renting of rooftop
space at Lot No. TB-Roof-02D at
Berjaya Times Square, Jalan Imbi,
Kuala Lumpur. Tenure of the rental 
agreement is for a period of 3 years.
40
 
Additional Compliance Information
(Cont’d)

---- Page 53 ----
52
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (“RRPTs”) (CONT’D)
Pursuant to Paragraph 10.09(2)(b) of the Main Market Listing Requirements and Paragraph 3.1.5 of the related 
Practice Note 12 of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, the details of RRPTs conducted during the financial year 
ended 30 June 2023 pursuant to the shareholders’ mandate are set out below:- (Cont’d)  
REDtone and/or
its subsidiaries
Transacting 
Parties
Nature of Transactions Aggregate value
of transactions
during the
financial year
from 1 july 2022
to 30 june 2023 
(RM’000)
Other	Related	Parties
10. REDtone Group Sun Media 
Corporation 
Sdn. Bhd.
Procurement of advertising and 
publishing services by the REDtone 
Group.
53
11. RDC Qinetics Solutions
Sdn. Bhd. and its 
unlisted subsidiary
companies
Provision of data centre and cloud 
related services by RDC.
51
12. RDC Qinetics Solutions 
Sdn. Bhd. and its
unlisted subsidiary
companies
Purchase by RDC of hardware security
module for electronic payment and 
maintenance services.
86
13. RDC Singer (Malaysia) 
Sdn. Bhd.
Provision of data centre and cloud 
related services by RDC.
90
14. REDtone Group U Mobile Sdn. Bhd. Contract revenue receivable by the
REDtone Group for the construction
of mobile base stations and related 
operations and maintenance.
22,497
15. REDtone Group U Mobile Sdn. Bhd. Provision of interconnect and related
services to the REDtone Group.
74
16. Bytebuilder 
Sdn. Bhd. (“BBSB”)
Eminent Display 
Sdn. Bhd.
Contract revenue receivable by BBSB 
for fiber engineering services.
166
 
 
Additional Compliance Information
(Cont’d)

---- Page 54 ----
53
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
The Board of Directors (“Board”) of REDtone Digital Berhad (“Company”) is pleased to present the Audit Committee 
Report to provide insights on the discharge of the Audit Committee’s functions for the financial year ended 30 June 
2023.
OBjECTIVE
The Audit Committee (“Committee”) is established to effectively discharge their duties to assist and support the 
Board in fulfilling its fiduciary responsibilities by assisting the Board to review the adequacy and integrity of the 
Group’s financial administration and reporting as well as the internal control pursuant to the Terms of Reference of 
the Committee of the Company.
MEMBERSHIP AND MEETING ATTENDANCE
The present members of the Committee are as follows:
Chairman
Mr. Kua Choo Kai (Independent Non-Executive Director)
Members
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan (Independent Non-Executive Director)
Ms. Loh Paik Yoong (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) 
The composition of the Committee is in compliance with Paragraphs 15.09(1)(a) and (b) of the Main Market Listing 
Requirements (“MMLR”) of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”), where all three (3) Committee 
members are Non-Executive Directors, with a majority being Independent Directors.  
Mr. Kua Choo Kai and Ms. Loh Paik Yoong are members of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“MIA”). 
Accordingly, the Company complies with Paragraph 15.09(1)(c)(i) of the MMLR of Bursa Securities, which stipulates 
that at least one (1) member of the Committee is a member of the MIA.
The Committee held ten (10) meetings during the financial year ended 30 June 2023. The details of attendance of 
the Committee members are as follows:
            
Director Designation Attendance
Mr. Kua Choo Kai Chairman 10/10
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan Member 10/10
Ms. Loh Paik Yoong Member 10/10
            
TERMS OF REFERENCE
The Terms of Reference of the Committee (included in the Board Charter) is available for reference on the Company’s 
website, at www.redtone.com.

---- Page 55 ----
54
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
SUMMARY OF wORK OF THE COMMITTEE DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR UNDER REVIEw
During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the Committee had carried out the following activities which were 
in line with its duties and responsibilities as set out in its Terms of Reference: -
Financial Reporting
Reviewed the following unaudited quarterly reports and Annual Audited Financial Statements of the Group and 
Company and thereafter, submitted to the Board for their consideration and approval:  
Date of Meeting Review of Unaudited Quarterly Reports / Audited Financial Statements
7	October	2022	 Audited Financial Statements of the Group and Company for the financial year 
ended 30 June 2022
17 November 2022 First Quarter Results for the financial period ended 30 September 2022
21 February 2023 Second Quarter Results for the financial period ended 31 December 2022
18 May 2023 Third Quarter Results for the financial period ended 31 March 2023
24 August 2023 Fourth Quarter Results for the financial period ended 30 June 2023
In reviewing the Annual Audited Financial Statements, the Committee discussed with the Management and the 
External Auditors on the issues arising from the audit, their resolutions and the Independent Auditors’ Report 
prepared by the External Auditors.
External Audit
On	18	August	2022,	the	Committee	had	a	private	session	with	the	External	Auditors	without	the	presence	of	the	
Management of the Company to discuss issues of concern that the External Auditors may have, arising from the 
statutory audit for the financial year ended 30 June 2022. There were no areas of concern that were brought to the 
attention of the Committee;
Reviewed the Audit Status Report prepared by the External Auditors in respect of the audit for the financial year 
ended 30 June 2022 covering updates on the status and findings on the areas of audit emphasis by the External 
Auditors; and
Reviewed the proposed audit fees for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 and recommended to the Board for 
approval.
On	29	September	2022,	reviewed	the	Audit	Results	Report	prepared	by	the	External	Auditors	for	the	financial	year	
ended 30 June 2022 covering the summary of procedures and audit findings on the areas of audit emphasis including 
the key audit matters, fraud considerations and the risk of management override and the draft Auditors Report; and
Conducted annual assessment of the performance, suitability, objectivity and independence of the External Auditors 
with emphasis of evaluation based on the competence, adequacy of experience and resources, quality of the audit 
performances, independence and objectivity of the External Auditors. The Committee was satisfied with the quality 
of audit, competency and sufficiency of resources, and audit independence of the External Auditors and had made 
recommendation to the Board on their re-appointment.
On	16	May	2023,	reviewed	the	Audit	Planning	Memorandum	for	the	Group	and	Company	for	the	financial	year	
ended 30 June 2023 prepared by the External Auditors, setting out the responsibilities of the External Auditors, 
their audit approach, audit timelines, the areas of audit emphasis and the independence of the External Auditors 
in connection with their audit of the Group and Company.
Held a private session with the External Auditors without the presence of Management to discuss issues of concern 
that the External Auditors may have, for the statutory audit for the financial year ended 30 June 2023. There were 
no private issues brought to the attention of the Committee.
Audit Committee Report
(Cont’d)

---- Page 56 ----
55
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
SUMMARY OF wORK OF THE COMMITTEE DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR UNDER REVIEw 
(CONT’D)
During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the Committee had carried out the following activities which were 
in line with its duties and responsibilities as set out in its Terms of Reference: - (Cont’d)
Internal Audit
On	29	September	2022,	reviewed	the	adequacy	of	the	scope,	functions,	competency,	and	resources	of	the	Internal	
Audit function.
On	15	November	2022,	the	Committee	had	a	private	session	with	the	Internal	Auditors	to	discuss	on	any	issues	
of concern encountered by the Internal Auditors when carrying out their audit work. No urgent private issues were 
brought to the attention of the Committee.
During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the Committee reviewed and took note of the status update to the 
proposed auditable areas to be covered. 
In addition, during the financial year under review, four (4) internal audit reports on the results of work undertaken 
together with the recommended action plans and their implementation status were presented to the Committee 
and the Committee appraised the adequacy and effectiveness of Management’s response in resolving the gaps 
noted. The Committee also reviewed two (2) follow-up audit reports.
whistleblowing
On	18	August	2022,	the	Committee	reviewed	a	whistleblowing	report	received,	the	investigation	report	and	the	
recommendation from the Management before recommending the same to the Board for notation.
Related Party Transactions
On	29	September	2022,	the	Management	tabled	the	draft	Circular	to	Shareholders	in	relation	to	the	Proposed	
Renewal of and New Shareholders’ Mandates for Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading 
Nature	dated	21	October	2022	for	the	Committee’s	review	and	recommendation	to	the	Board	for	approval.
In addition, during the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the Committee reviewed the related party transactions 
entered into by the Group on a quarterly basis and against the annual mandate approved by the shareholders at 
the Twentieth Annual General Meeting held on 1 December 2022.
The quarterly review also covered the possibility of conflict of interest which may arise within the Group.
Oversight of Risk Management and Internal Control
On	29	September	2022,	the	Committee	reviewed	the	draft	Audit	Committee	Report	and	Statement	on	Risk	
Management and Internal Control prior to submission of the same to the Board for consideration and inclusion in 
the Annual Report 2022 of the Company.
On	16	February	2023	and	24	August	2023,	the	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer	who	is	the	Risk	Management	Committee	
Chairman of the Group presented the Enterprise Risk Management reports to the Committee, to update on the Key 
Risks Profile and Risk Rating of the Group.
Other matters
On	18	August	2022,	the	Committee	reviewed	the	draft	revisions	to	the	Terms	of	Reference	of	the	Audit	Committee	
and recommended the same to the Board for approval.
Audit Committee Report
(Cont’d)

---- Page 57 ----
56
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
SUMMARY OF wORK OF THE INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION
The Committee is supported by an independent professional consulting firm, Crowe Governance Sdn. Bhd. in the 
discharge of its duties and responsibilities with regards to the internal audit function of the Group. Based on the 
audits, the outsourced Internal Auditors had provided the Committee with independent and objective reports on 
the state of internal control of the various operating units within the Group and the extent of compliance of the units 
with the Group’s established policies and procedures.
The internal audits carried out by the Internal Auditors are guided by the International Professional Practices 
Framework issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors Inc., a globally recognised professional body for internal 
auditors.
For the financial year under review, the Internal Auditors in teams of three (3) had conducted four (4) cycles of internal 
audit as stipulated in the approved internal audit plan. The four (4) cycles of internal audit were in respect of: -
•	 Personal	Data	Protection	Act	2010	and	Health,	Safety	&	Environment;	
•	 Fixed	Assets	Management	and	Finance	&	Administration;
•	 Research	and	Development;	and
•	 Human	Resources	&	Payroll	Processing.
In addition, two (2) follow up audits were performed to assess the implementation of corrective action plans 
committed by the Management for the past internal audits.
The total cost incurred for the Internal Audit function of the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 was 
RM70,013.
The	Audit	Committee	Report	was	approved	by	the	Board	on	10	October	2023.
Audit Committee Report
(Cont’d)

---- Page 58 ----
57
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
INTRODUCTION
The Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance requires the Board of Directors (“Board”) to maintain a sound 
system of risk management and internal control to safeguard shareholders’ investments and the Group’s assets. 
The Board of REDtone Digital Berhad (“REDtone”) is committed to maintaining a sound system of internal control 
and effective risk management as part of its ongoing efforts to practice good corporate governance. 
This Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control is prepared in accordance with Paragraph 15.26(b) of the 
Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 
2021 and as guided by the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors of Listed 
Issuers. This Statement outlines the nature and scope of risk management and internal control system within the 
Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
BOARD RESPONSIBILITY
The Board affirms its overall responsibility to establish and maintain a robust risk management and internal control 
system through reviewing its adequacy in identifying, assessing, evaluating, and responding to risks that could 
have detrimental impact to the Group from achieving its objective. This system is designed to identify and manage 
risk facing the business and covers not only financial controls but also operational, commercial, regulatory and 
compliance controls to safeguard shareholders’ investment and the Group’s assets. Due to limitations inherent in any 
internal control system, such a system is designed to manage, rather than to eliminate the risk of failure to achieve 
the Group’s business objectives and corporate objectives. Accordingly, the system can only provide reasonable 
but not absolute assurance against material misstatements, losses, or frauds.
The Board believes that it is a continuing process and more importantly a concerted effort by all employees of the 
Group. As part of its review, the Board continues to take necessary measures to strengthen its risk management 
and internal control system to address any weaknesses identified. These processes are in place throughout the 
financial year under review and up to the date of approval of this Statement. 
In evaluating the adequacy of risk management and internal control across the Group, the Board is assisted by 
the Audit Committee to review the internal control processes and to ensure that the Enterprise Risk Management 
Framework (“ERM”) is being implemented consistently. The Audit Committee is assisted by a Management-level Risk 
Management Committee (“RMC”)	(headed	by	the	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	comprising	key	management	
personnel from the respective divisions), to oversee the risk management system of the Group.
The Board does not review the internal control system of its associated companies and joint ventures, as the Board 
does not have any direct control over their operations. The Group’s interests are served through representations on 
the boards of the respective associated companies and joint ventures and the review of their management accounts, 
and enquiries thereon. These representatives also provide the Board with information and timely decision-making on 
the continuity of the Group’s investments based on the performance of the associated companies and joint ventures.  
MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY
Management is accountable to the Board and is responsible for effective implementation of risk management and 
control mechanisms, including:
•	 providing	executive	leadership	in	the	management	of	risk	within	their	work	responsibilities;
•	 identifying	and	evaluating	risks	faced	by	the	Group;
•	 formulating	and	implementing	internal	control	and	risk	management	actions	and	mechanisms;
•	 implementing	remedial	actions	in	response	to	significant	risks,	and	to	address	compliance	and	control	issues;	and
•	 the	overall	achievement	of	business	objectives	and	strategies.
Management is committed to operating a sound system of internal control and the internal control system will 
continue to be reviewed, updated and improved upon in line with changes in the operating environment. 
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT 
AND INTERNAL CONTROL

---- Page 59 ----
58
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEwORK 
The Board regards the management of core risks as an integral and critical part of the day-to-day operations of the 
Group and it is embedded into the culture, processes and structures of the Group. The experience, knowledge and 
expertise to identify and manage such risks throughout the financial year under review enables the Group to make 
cautious, mindful and well-informed decisions through formulation and implementation of requisite action plans 
and monitoring regime which are imperative in ensuring the accomplishment of the Group’s objectives. 
Day-to-day operations in respect of financial, commercial, legal compliance and operational aspects of the Group 
are closely monitored by the respective Heads of Department and Project Managers. The deliberation of risks and 
mitigation responses are discussed at periodic management meetings. 
The Group’s ERM Framework provides a standardised and systematic approach for the identification, evaluation, 
monitoring and reporting of key risks, controls and ensuring that there are adequate measures to implement, 
track	and	review	the	action	plans.	The	Framework	is	generally	aligned	with	the	Principles	and	Guidelines	of	ISO	
31000:2018, and is adopted across the operating companies within the Group.
The RMC, guided by its Terms of Reference (included in the Board Charter and is available on the Company’s website 
at www.redtone.com) is tasked to report to the Audit Committee on key risks identified and the implementation of 
action plans to mitigate the risks. The Board is constantly apprised by the Audit Committee and the RMC on the 
Group’s risk profile, including action plans to address significant risks.
The key features of the ERM Framework are as follows:
Company-wide key risks are identified and maintained in a formal database of risks and controls information 
i.e., risk registers, which captures the possible root causes, existing key controls and impact. The risks are then 
categorised by its risk rating, based on its likelihood of occurrence and criticality of impact i.e. Low, Medium, High 
and Very Significant. Gross Risk defined as the risk level exposure before consideration of the effectiveness of 
internal controls to mitigate the risk; i.e., the maximum level of risk exposure in the event of inadequacy or failure of 
internal controls is then identified together with the Nett Risk which is the risk rating after considering the internal 
controls in place. Based on the Nett Risk identified, Management is able to assess and focus on the key risk areas 
requiring attention and action plans, where required, to strengthen the current controls. Risk profiles established for 
both the operations and supporting functions provide Management with a holistic view of the risks considerations 
in its formulation of strategies and decision-making process. 
During the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the RMC had reviewed the Key Risk Register, the risk ratings and its 
controls and had updated the Audit Committee and the Board on the risk management activities. 
Meanwhile, the management of risks is an ongoing process of identifying, evaluating and managing the risks faced 
by the Group. Further assurance is provided by the Internal Audit function which operates across the Group with 
emphasis on key operating divisions within the Group. The Board shall, with the assistance from the Audit Committee 
and the RMC, re-evaluate the existing risk management practices, and where appropriate and necessary, revise 
such practices accordingly.
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
(Cont’d)
RISK IDENTIFICATION 
AND ASSESSMENT
RISK OwERSHIP 
AND RESPONSE
RISK CONTROLS 
AND MITIGATION
MONITORING AND 
REPORTING
ASSURANCE

---- Page 60 ----
59
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
KEY INTERNAL CONTROL ELEMENTS
Key elements of the internal control systems established by the Board that provides direction, effective governance 
and oversight of internal controls include:-
•	 Board	Committees
 The Board has formed various Board Committees such as the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee 
and Remuneration Committee and delegated these Committees with specific responsibilities which are all 
governed by clearly defined Terms of Reference and authority for areas within their scope. The Board Charter 
sets out the responsibilities and functions of the Board and the supporting Board Committee.
•	 Organisation	Structure
 The Group maintains well defined organisational structure with clear lines of responsibility, delegation 
of authority, segregation of duties and flow of information in the organisation structure, to ensure proper 
identification of accountability and segregation of duties within the Management team.
•	 Management	and	Board	Monitoring	and	Reporting	
	 The	 Group	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Senior	Management	are	closely	involved	in	the	running	of	the	day-to-
day business and operations of the Group. They report to the Board on significant changes in the business 
and external environment which may affect the business operations of the Group at large.
 There are sufficient reports generated in respect of the business and operating units to enable proper review 
of the operational and financial aspects of the Company. Management accounts are prepared timely and on 
a monthly basis and is reviewed by the Executive Committee and Senior Management.
 All proposals for material capital expenditure and investment opportunities are reviewed by the Executive 
Committee and require approval from the Board prior to the commitment of expenditure.
•	 Policies	and	Procedures
	 Operational	 policies	and	procedures	form	an	integral	part	of	the	internal	control	system	to	safeguard	the	
Group’s assets against material losses. These include manuals and handbooks which are updated, reviewed 
and revised periodically to meet changing business and operational requirements, and statutory reporting 
needs.
•	 Limits	of	Authority	
 The Group has clear limits of authority which defines the approving limits that have been assigned and 
delegated to each approving authority within the Group. The limits of authority are reviewed periodically and 
updated in line with the changes in the organisation.
•	 Planning,	Monitoring	and	Reporting	
 The Company’s performance is monitored regularly, and the business objectives and plans are reviewed during 
the management meetings attended by respective division and business unit heads. The key operational and 
management issues are also resolved at these meetings. The Executive Committee meets regularly with Senior 
Management to consider the Group’s financial performance, business initiatives and other management and 
corporate issues.
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
(Cont’d)

---- Page 61 ----
60
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
KEY INTERNAL CONTROL ELEMENTS (CONT’D)
Key elements of the internal control systems established by the Board that provides direction, effective governance 
and oversight of internal controls include:- (Cont’d)
•	 Human	Resources	Procedures	and	Guidelines
 The procedures and guidelines on human resources govern all aspects of human resource management from 
talent acquisition, development and retention, performance and consequence management to cessation of 
employment. 
 The professionalism and competency of staff are enhanced through training and development programs. A 
performance management system is in place with established key performance indicators to measure and 
review staff performance on an annual basis.
•	 Integrity	and	Ethical	Values
(a) Code of Ethics and Conduct 
 The Board believes ethical corporate culture begins from the top which the control environment sets 
the tone for the Group by providing fundamental discipline and structure. The Board has set the tone 
at the top for corporate behavior and corporate governance. 
 All employees shall adhere to the Code of Ethics and Conduct of the Group, which sets out the principles 
and standards to guide employees in carrying out their duties and responsibilities to the highest standards 
of personal and corporate integrity when dealing within the Group and with external parties.
(b) whistleblowing Policy and Procedures 
 The Board has formalised a set of Whistleblowing Policy and Procedures to provide an avenue for 
stakeholders of the Company to raise concerns related to possible breach of business conduct, non-
compliance with laws and regulatory requirements as well as other malpractices. The Whistleblowing 
Policy and Procedures set out the protection accorded to whistleblowers who disclose such irregularities 
in good faith.
(c) Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
 The Group adopts an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and Guidelines (“ABAC Policy & 
Guidelines”) to reinforce the Group’s utmost commitment and practice in conducting its affairs in the 
highest	standard	of	integrity	and	ethics.	The	ABAC	Policy	&	Guidelines	is	available	on	the	Company’s	
website at www.redtone.com.
INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION
The Group outsources its internal audit function to an independent professional service provider to assist the Audit 
Committee as well as the Board in discharging their responsibilities by providing independent, objective assurance 
and advisory services that seek to add value and improve the Group’s internal control system.
The Internal Audit function is performed by Crowe Governance Sdn. Bhd. and is headed by its Executive Director, 
Amos Law, who is a Certified Internal Auditor, a Chartered Member of the Malaysian Institute of Internal Auditors, 
and a holder of the Certification in Risk Management Assurance. Amos Law together with his team, all of whom 
are qualified and possess the required expertise and experience are able to discharge their internal audit function 
duties effectively. The internal audits carried out by the Internal Auditors are guided by the International Professional 
Practices Framework issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors Inc., a globally recognised professional body for 
internal auditors.
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
(Cont’d)

---- Page 62 ----
61
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION (CONT’D)
The functions of the outsourced Internal Auditors are to:
1. Perform audits in accordance with the pre-approved internal audit plan, which covers reviews of the internal 
control system and follow-up audits to address observations reported in preceding internal audit reviews;
2. Review and comment on the effectiveness and adequacy of the existing internal control policies and 
procedures; and
3. Provide recommendations, if any, for the improvement of the internal control policies, procedures and systems.
The Internal Auditors report independently and directly to the Audit Committee in respect of the Internal Audit 
function. The Internal Audit function had adopted a risk-based approach and prepared its audit strategy and plan 
based on the risk profiles of the major business functions of the Group, and in accordance with the internal audit 
plan approved by the Audit Committee and all audit findings arising therefrom were reported to the Audit Committee. 
The Internal Auditors have unrestricted access to all documents and records of the Group deemed necessary in 
the performance of its function. They independently review the risk identification procedures and control processes 
implemented by the Management. Internal Auditors also review the internal controls in the key activities of the 
Group’s business based on the risk profiles of the business units in the Group. In addition, the Internal Auditors 
carry out periodic reviews to ensure the policies and procedures established by the Board are complied with by 
the Management. All reports and findings arising from these reviews are discussed primarily with the respective 
process custodians prior to a formal report being presented to the Audit Committee. 
During the financial year under review, the Internal Auditors in teams of three (3) had conducted four (4) cycles of 
internal audit as stipulated in the approved internal audit plan. The internal audits conducted were on Personal Data 
Protection	Act	2010	and	Health,	Safety	&	Environment;	Fixed	Assets	Management	and	Finance	&	Administration;	
Research	and	Development;	and	Human	Resources	&	Payroll	Processing.	In	addition,	two	(2)	follow	up	audits	were	
also performed to assess the implementation of corrective action plans committed by the Management.
The Internal Auditors also provide recommendations to improve the operational and financial activities of the Group 
for the consideration of the Management and the Board to assist in the continuous development of a more efficient 
and comprehensive internal control environment.
Based on the reports of the Internal Auditors, identified issues in internal control have been adequately addressed, 
and none of the weaknesses noted have resulted in any material losses, contingencies and uncertainties that would 
require separate disclosure in this Annual Report. 
The Audit Committee had evaluated and reviewed the internal audit function in terms of scope, competency, 
resources and independence. The Audit Committee was also satisfied that the Internal Auditors performed their 
work in accordance with the principles of the international internal auditing standards covering the conduct of the 
audit planning, execution, documentations, communication of findings and consultation with key stakeholders on 
the audit concerns.
The Audit Committee and Board were satisfied with the performance of the outsourced Internal Auditors and have 
in the interest of greater independence and continuity in the Internal Audit function, taken the decision to continue 
to outsource the Internal Audit function.
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
(Cont’d)

---- Page 63 ----
62
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
REVIEw BY ExTERNAL AUDITORS 
Pursuant to Paragraph 15.23 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, the 
External Auditors have reviewed this Statement for inclusion in the Annual Report for the financial year ended 30 
June 2023. Their review was performed in accordance with the Audit and Assurance Practice Guide (“AAPG”) 3, 
Guidance for Auditors on Engagements to Report on the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control 
included in the Annual Report, issued by the Malaysian Institute of Accountants. The External Auditors have reported 
to the Board that nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that this Statement is not prepared, 
in all material respects, in accordance with the disclosures required by paragraphs 41 and 42 of the Statement 
on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuers, nor is factually inaccurate.
AAPG 3 does not require the External Auditors to consider whether the Directors’ Statement on Risk Management 
and Internal Control covers all risks and controls, or to form an opinion on the adequacy and effectiveness of the 
Group’s risk management and internal control system including the assessment and opinion by the Directors and 
Management thereon. The report from the External Auditors was made solely for and directed solely to the Board 
of Directors in connection with their compliance with the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad and for no other purposes or parties. The External Auditors do not assume responsibility to any 
person other than the Board of Directors in respect of any aspect of this Statement.
CONCLUSION 
For the financial year under review, the Board has reviewed the risk management and internal control system and is 
of the view that the system is adequate and effective and no material weakness and/or reported shortfall in the risk 
management practices and internal control system has resulted in and/or give rise to any material loss, contingency 
and/or uncertainty during the financial year under review. The Board has also received the same assurance from 
both	the	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	that	the	Group’s	current	risk	management	and	
internal control system is operating adequately and effectively in all material aspects.
Nevertheless, the Board also recognises the fact that the Group’s risk management and internal control system 
practices must continuously evolve to support the growth and dynamics of the Group as well as to meet the changing 
and challenging business environment. As such, the Board, in striving for continuous improvement, will put in place 
appropriate action plans to further enhance the system of internal controls and risk management practices.
This	Statement	was	approved	by	the	Board	on	10	October	2023.
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
(Cont’d)

---- Page 64 ----
63
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) requires the Directors to present the financial statements of the Company and 
the Group in accordance with the Act and approved accounting standards which gives a true and fair view of the 
financial performance and the financial position of the Group and the Company at the end of the financial year. 
The Directors have placed reliance on the system of internal control within the Company and the Group to form a 
basis of reasonable grounds that the accounting systems and records maintained by the Company and the Group 
provide a true and fair view of the current state of affairs of the Company and the Group. 
The Directors have further responsibility of ensuring that accounting records are kept with reasonable accuracy 
which enables the Company to provide a true and fair view of the financial results. In addition, the annual audited 
financial statements have been prepared based on relevant and appropriate accounting policies and with usage of 
reasonable and prudent judgement and estimates.
The Directors also have a general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard 
the assets of the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.
In compliance with the several responsibilities of the Directors, the Directors present the financial statements of the 
Company and the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 as set out on pages 73 to 158 of this Annual 
Report.
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
In Respect Of The Audited Financial Statements For The Financial Year Ended 30 June 2023

---- Page 65 ----
 65 Directors’ Report
 72 Statement by Directors
 72 Statutory Declaration
 73 Statements of Profit or Loss 
and Other Comprehensive Income
 74 Statements of Financial Position
Financial
Statements
 76 Statements of Changes in Equity
 78 Statements of Cash Flows
 80 Notes to the Financial Statements
159 Independent Auditors’ Report

---- Page 66 ----
65
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Directors' report
Principal activities
Results
Group Company
RM'000 RM'000
Profit for the financial year, net of tax 55,179 39,978
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the parent 57,465 39,978
Non-controlling interests (2,286) -
55,179 39,978
Dividend
The dividend paid by the Company since 30 June 2022 was as follows:
RM'000
In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2022
Interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 1.8 sen per ordinary share,
declared on 23 August 2022 and paid on 22 November 2022 13,913
The directors have pleasure in presenting their report together with the audited financial statements of the
Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
The principal activities of the Company are investment holding and the provision of management services.
The principal activities of the subsidiaries are described in Note 16 to the financial statements. There have
been no significant changes in the nature of the principal activities during the financial year.
There were no material transfers to or from reserves or provisions during the financial year other than as
disclosed in the financial statements.
In the opinion of the directors, the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company during the
financial year were not substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual
nature, except as disclosed in Note 4 of the financial statements.
On 24 August 2023, the Directors declared an interim dividend of 2.5 sen per ordinary share amounting to
RM19,323,797 in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2023 payable on 16 October 2023. The financial
statements for the current financial year does not reflect this dividend. This dividend will be accounted for in
equity as an appropriation of retained earnings in the financial year ending 30 June 2024.
1
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

---- Page 67 ----
66
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Treasury shares
The Company did not buy back any of its own shares during the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
Directors
YAM Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail
Lau Bik Soon
Kua Choo Kai
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan
Dato' Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh
Loh Paik Yoong
Dato' Sri Badrul Hisham Bin Abdul Aziz (Appointed on 1 September 2022)
Zakaria Bin Abdul Hamid (Resigned on 31 August 2022)
Directors of the Company's subsidiaries
Yau Chee Keong
Kenny Foo Jin Teck
Redza Imran Bin Abdul Rahim
Lai Kim Choy
Lu Chong Mui
Datuk Mohd Taib Bin Hassan
Ahmed Ariff Meah Bin Azlan Meah(Appointed on 1 September 2022)
Of the total 782,453,885 (2022: 782,453,885) issued and fully paid-up ordinary shares as at the end of the
financial year, 9,502,000 (2022: 9,502,000) ordinary shares are held as treasury shares by the Company
amounting to RM5,653,000 (2022: RM5,653,000). The shares repurchased are being held as treasury shares
in accordance with Section 127 of the Companies Act 2016.
As at 30 June 2023, the issued ordinary share capital of the Company with voting rights was 772,951,885
(2022: 772,951,885 ordinary shares).
The names of the directors of the Company's subsidiaries in office during the financial year and during the
period from the end of the financial year to the date of this report excluding those who are also the directors of
the Company are:
The names of the directors of the Company in office during the financial year and during the period from the
end of the financial year to the date of this report are:
2
Directors’ Report
(Cont’d)

---- Page 68 ----
67
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Directors' benefits
The directors' benefits are as follows:
Group Company
RM'000 RM'000
Executive directors' remuneration:
- Salaries and bonuses 1,713 -
- Other emoluments 350 -
2,063 -
Non-executive directors' remuneration:
- Fees 733 680
- Other emoluments 72 72
805 752
Total directors' remuneration 2,868 752
Since the end of the previous financial year, no director has received or become entitled to receive any benefit
(other than benefits included in the aggregate amount of emoluments received or due and receivable by
directors or the fixed salary of a full-time employee of the Company as shown below) by reason of a contract
made by the Company or a related corporation with the director or with a firm of which the director is a
member, or with a company in which the director has a substantial financial interest.
Neither at the end of the financial year, nor at anytime during the financial year, did there subsist any
arrangement to which the Company was a party whereby the directors might acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.
The Company maintained a Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance in respect of any legal action taken
against the directors and officers in the discharge of their duties while holding office for the Company and the
Group. The total amount of insurance premium effected for any director and officer of the Company and of the
Group as at the financial year end was RM26,589.50. The directors and officers shall not be indemnified by
such insurance for any deliberate negligence, fraud, intentional breach of law or breach of trust proven
against them.
3
Directors’ Report
(Cont’d)

---- Page 69 ----
68
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Directors' interests
At At
 1 July 2022 Acquired Disposed 30 June 2023
The Company
Direct interests
Lau Bik Soon 2,810,360 - - 2,810,360
Dato’ Mohd Zaini Bin Hassan 20,000 - - 20,000
At At
 1 July 2022 Acquired Disposed 30 June 2023
Ultimate holding company,
Berjaya Corporation Berhad
Direct interests
Loh Paik Yoong 57 - - 57
At At
 1 July 2022 Acquired Disposed 30 June 2023
Ultimate holding company,
Berjaya Corporation Berhad
Direct interests
Loh Paik Yoong 1,000 - - 1,000
Number of ordinary shares
Number of 2% Irredeemable Convertible Unsecured Loan Stock
("ICULS") 2016/2026
According to the register of directors’ shareholdings, the interests of directors in office at the end of the
financial year in share and options over shares of the Company and its related corporations during the
financial year are as follows:
Number of ordinary shares
4
Directors’ Report
(Cont’d)

---- Page 70 ----
69
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Directors’ Report
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Directors' interests (contd.)
At At
 1 July 2022 Acquired Disposed 30 June 2023
Ultimate holding company,
Berjaya Corporation Berhad
Direct interests
Loh Paik Yoong 1,000 - - 1,000
At At
 1 July 2022 Acquired Disposed 30 June 2023
Related company,
Berjaya Land Berhad
Direct interests
Loh Paik Yoong 16,400 - - 16,400
At At
 1 July 2022 Acquired Disposed 30 June 2023
Related company,
Sports Toto Berhad
Direct interests
Loh Paik Yoong 37,238 310* (37,548) -
Number of 10-year warrants 2016/2026
According to the register of directors’ shareholdings, the interests of directors in office at the end of the
financial year in share and options over shares of the Company and its related corporations during the
financial year are as follows: (contd.)
Number of ordinary shares
Number of ordinary shares
The other directors in office at the end of the financial year had no interest in shares and options over shares
of the Company or its related corporations during the financial year.
* Share dividend on the basis of 1 for every 120 existing ordinary share held in Sports Toto Berhad.
5

---- Page 71 ----
70
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Other statutory information
(a)
(i)
(ii)
(b) At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances which would render:
(i)
(ii)
(c)
(d)
(e) At the date of this report, there does not exist:
(i)
(ii)
(f) In the opinion of the directors:
(i)
(ii)
any charge on the assets of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the
financial year which secures the liabilities of any other person; or
Before the statements of financial position and statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income of the Group and of the Company were made out, the directors took reasonable steps:
the amount written off for bad debts or the amount of the allowance for impairment on receivables in
the financial statements of the Group and of the Company inadequate to any substantial extent; and
the values attributed to the current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the
Company misleading.
At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt with in this
report or the financial statements of the Group and of the Company which would render any amount
stated in the financial statements misleading.
to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the
making of allowance for impairment on receivables and satisfied themselves that all known bad
debts had been written off and that adequate allowance for impairment had been made for
receivables; and
to ensure that any current assets which were unlikely to realise their values as shown in the
accounting records in the ordinary course of business have been written down to an amount which
they might be expected so to realise.
At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances which have arisen which would
render adherence to the existing methods of valuation of assets or liabilities of the Group and of the
Company misleading or inappropriate.
any contingent liability of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the
financial year.
no contingent or other liability has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable within the
period of twelve months after the end of the financial year which will or may affect the ability of the
Group or of the Company to meet their obligations when they fall due; and
no item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature has arisen in the interval between the
end of the financial year and the date of this report which is likely to affect substantially the results of
the operations of the Group and of the Company for the financial year in which this report is made.
6
Directors’ Report
(Cont’d)

---- Page 72 ----
71
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Directors’ Report
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Holding company
Auditors
The auditors, Ernst & Young PLT, have expressed their willingness to continue in office.
Auditors' remuneration is as follows:
Group Company
RM'000 RM'000
Ernst & Young PLT 372 114
Other auditors 36 -
408 114
Lau Bik Soon Loh Paik Yoong
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 10 October 2023.
The ultimate holding company is Berjaya Corporation Berhad, a public listed company incorporated in
Malaysia and listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.
To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to indemnify its auditors, Ernst & Young PLT, as part
of the terms of its audit engagement against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for an unspecified
amount). No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst & Young PLT since the beginning of the financial
year up to the date of this report.
7

---- Page 73 ----
72
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statement by directors
Pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016
Lau Bik Soon Loh Paik Yoong
Statutory declaration
Pursuant to Section 251(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2016
Subscribed and solemnly declared
by the abovenamed Lau Hock Chye
at Seri Kembangan, Selangor Darul Ehsan
on 10 October 2023Lau Hock Chye
Before me,
Julian Khor Yun Ling (B524)
Commissioner for Oaths
We, Lau Bik Soon and Loh Paik Yoong, being two of the directors of REDtone Digital Berhad, do hereby
state that, in the opinion of the directors, the accompanying financial statements set out on pages 73 to 158
are drawn up in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting
Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair view of
the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 30 June 2023 and their financial performance
and cash flows for the financial year then ended.
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 10 October 2023.
I, Lau Hock Chye, being the officer primarily responsible for the financial management of REDtone Digital
Berhad, do solemnly and sincerely declare that the accompanying financial statements set out on pages 73
to 158 are in my opinion correct, and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be
true and by virtue of the provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1960.
8
STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS
Pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statement by directors
Pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016
Lau Bik Soon Loh Paik Yoong
Statutory declaration
Pursuant to Section 251(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2016
Subscribed and solemnly declared
by the abovenamed Lau Hock Chye
at Seri Kembangan, Selangor Darul Ehsan
on 10 October 2023Lau Hock Chye
Before me,
Julian Khor Yun Ling (B524)
Commissioner for Oaths
We, Lau Bik Soon and Loh Paik Yoong, being two of the directors of REDtone Digital Berhad, do hereby
state that, in the opinion of the directors, the accompanying financial statements set out on pages 73 to 158
are drawn up in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting
Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair view of
the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 30 June 2023 and their financial performance
and cash flows for the financial year then ended.
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 10 October 2023.
I, Lau Hock Chye, being the officer primarily responsible for the financial management of REDtone Digital
Berhad, do solemnly and sincerely declare that the accompanying financial statements set out on pages 73
to 158 are in my opinion correct, and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be
true and by virtue of the provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1960.
8
STATUTORY DECLARATION
Pursuant to Section 251(1)(B) of the Companies Act 2016

---- Page 74 ----
73
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023
2023 2022 2023 2022
Note RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Revenue 3 214,654 158,042 - -
Cost of sales (119,229) (59,170) - -
Other income 4 27,326 6,155 48,964 29,822
General and administrative expenses (44,124) (47,480) (2,303) (13,981)
Finance costs 5 (3,634) (1,079) (752) (967)
Profit before tax 6 74,993 56,468 45,909 14,874
Taxation 9 (19,814) (15,992) (5,931) (659)
Profit for the financial year 55,179 40,476 39,978 14,215
Other comprehensive (loss)/income:
Item that will not be reclassified
  subsequently to profit or loss
Foreign currency translation 1 - - -
Net changes in fair value of other
investments measured at fair value
through other comprehensive
income ("FVTOCI") 18 (7,907) 13,905 (7,907) 13,905
Total comprehensive income
  for the financial year 47,273 54,381 32,071 28,120
Profit/(loss) attributable to:
- Owners of the parent 57,465 39,458 39,978 14,215
- Non-controlling interests (2,286) 1,018 - -
55,179 40,476 39,978 14,215
Total comprehensive income/(loss)
  attributable to:
- Owners of the parent 49,559 53,363 32,071 28,120
- Non-controlling interests (2,286) 1,018 - -
47,273 54,381 32,071 28,120
Earnings per share attributable
  to owners of the parent:
- Basic (sen) 10 7.43 5.10
Group Company
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial
statements.

---- Page 75 ----
74
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of financial position
As at 30 June 2023
2023 2022 2023 2022
Note RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Assets
Non-current assets
Goodwill 11 423 423 - -
Property, plant and equipment 12 18,678 4,757 - -
Right-of-use assets 29 2,176 3,336 - -
Investment properties 13 1,200 1,180 - -
Intangible assets 14 32,145 11,760 - -
Development costs 15 - - - -
Investments in subsidiaries 16 - - 18,967 9,467
Investments in associates 17 - - - -
Other investments 18 33,988 38,360 33,988 38,360
Deferred tax assets 19 3,155 594 - -
91,765 60,410 52,955 47,827
Current assets
Inventories 20 518 476 - -
Trade and other receivables 21 97,684 44,733 37,924 52,700
Contract assets 22 46,301 63,547 - -
Tax recoverable 2,855 476 - -
Short term investments 23 70,000 50,007 70,000 50,007
Cash and bank balances 24 116,989 78,318 4,961 1,337
334,347 237,557 112,885 104,044
Total assets 426,112 297,967 165,840 151,871
Group Company
10
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 30 June 2023

---- Page 76 ----
75
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statement of financial position
As at 30 June 2023 (contd.)
2023 2022 2023 2022
Note RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Equity and liabilities
Equity attributable to owners
 of the parent
Share capital 25 149,813 149,813 149,813 149,813
Treasury shares 26 (5,653) (5,653) (5,653) (5,653)
Reserves 27 109,595 73,949 (8,281) (26,439)
253,755 218,109 135,879 117,721
Non-controlling interests 2,994 5,280 - -
Total equity 256,749 223,389 135,879 117,721
Non-current liabilities
Loans and borrowings 28 1,112 1,213 - -
Lease liabilities 29 1,547 1,076 - -
Other payable 30 23,056 - - -
Deferred tax liabilities 19 5,255 - 5,255 -
30,970 2,289 5,255 -
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 30 83,537 59,795 24,673 34,117
Contract liabilities 22 49,758 6,223 - -
Loans and borrowings 28 102 97 - -
Lease liabilities 29 1,228 2,568 - -
Tax payable 3,768 3,606 33 33
138,393 72,289 24,706 34,150
Total liabilities 169,363 74,578 29,961 34,150
Total equity and liabilities 426,112 297,967 165,840 151,871
Group Company
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial
statements.
Statements of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 77 ----
76
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of changes in equity
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023
Foreign Distributable Non-
Share Treasury exchange Revaluation FVTOCI retained controlling Total
capital shares reserve reserve reserve profits Total interests equity
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
(Note 25) (Note 26) (Note 27(a)) (Note 27b)) (Note 27(c)) (Note 27)
Group
At 1 July 2021 149,813 (5,653) (663) 641 5,846 28,675 178,659 4,262 182,921
Total comprehensive income - - - - 13,905 39,458 53,363 1,018 54,381
Transactions with owners
- Dividend (Note 37) - - - - -                             (13,913)         (13,913)                    - (13,913)
At 30 June 2022 149,813 (5,653) (663) 641 19,751 54,220 218,109 5,280 223,389
At 1 July 2022 149,813 (5,653) (663) 641 19,751 54,220 218,109 5,280 223,389
Profit for the financial year - - - - - 57,465 57,465 (2,286) 55,179
Other comprehensive income - - 1 - (7,907) - (7,906) - (7,906)
Total comprehensive income - - 1 - (7,907) 57,465 49,559 (2,286) 47,273
Effect arising from the disposal of
equity investments measured at
FVTOCI (Note 18) - - - - (3,314) 3,314 - - -
Transaction with owners
- Dividend (Note 37) - - - - - (13,913) (13,913) - (13,913)
At 30 June 2023 149,813 (5,653) (662) 641 8,530 101,086 253,755 2,994 256,749
12
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023

---- Page 78 ----
77
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of changes in equity
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023 (contd.)
Share Treasury FVTOCI Accumulated Total
capital shares reserve losses equity
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
(Note 25) (Note 26) (Note 27(c)) (Note 27)
Company
At 1 July 2021       149,813         (5,653)           5,846           (46,492) 103,514
Total comprehensive income - - 13,905 14,215 28,120
Transaction with owners
- Dividend (Note 37) - - - (13,913) (13,913)
At 30 June 2022 149,813 (5,653) 19,751 (46,190) 117,721
At 1 July 2022       149,813         (5,653)         19,751           (46,190)       117,721
Total comprehensive income - - (7,907) 39,978 32,071
Effect arising from the disposal of
equity investments measured at
FVTOCI (Note 18) - - (3,314) 3,314 -
Transaction with owners
- Dividend (Note 37) - - - (13,913) (13,913)
At 30 June 2023 149,813 (5,653) 8,530 (16,811) 135,879
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial
statements.
Statements of Changes in Equity
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 79 ----
78
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U) 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of cash flows
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers 264,068 181,803 - -
Payments of operating expenses (154,346) (99,235) - -
Payments of taxes (19,337) (14,937) (676) (600)
Payment of short term leases and
  leases of low-value assets (1,075) (975) - -
Other (payments)/receipts (98) (77) 9,413 (7,726)
Net cash generated from/(used in)
operating activities 89,212 66,579 8,737 (8,326)
Cash flows from investing activities
Sale of property, plant and equipment - 11 - -
Additional investment in a subsidiary
(Note 16) - - (9,500) -
(Increase)/decrease in deposits and
short term investments (271) 2 (271) 2
Proceeds from disposal of short term
investment 3,120 - 3,120 -
Acquisition of quoted securities (10,555) - (10,555) -
Acquisition of property, plant and
equipment (Note 12) (16,147) (1,626) - -
Acquisition of intangible asset (10,942) (11,760) - -
Interest received 1,194 681 - -
Investment income received 1,896 3,137 1,896 3,137
Dividend received 1,610 331 24,110 20,231
Net cash (used in)/generated from
investing activities (30,095) (9,224) 8,800 23,370
Cash flows from financing activities
Payment of principal portion of lease
liabilities (2,803) (6,395) - -
Placement of deposits with licensed bank
not available for use (528) (343) - -
Repayment of bank borrowings and
other loans (96) (99) - -
Dividend paid (13,913) (13,913) (13,913) (13,913)
Lease interest paid (168) (419) - -
Other interest paid (3,466) (660) - -
Net cash used in financing activities (20,974) (21,829) (13,913) (13,913)
Net change in cash and cash
equivalents 38,143 35,526 3,624 1,131
Cash and cash equivalents at
beginning of financial year 50,363 14,837 1,337 206
Cash and cash equivalents at
end of financial year (Note 24) 88,506 50,363 4,961 1,337
Group Company
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOwS
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023

---- Page 80 ----
79
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Statements of cash flows
for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 (contd.)
(a)
Bank
Lease and other
liabilities borrowings Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
2023
At beginning of financial year 3,644 1,310 4,954
Additional of lease liabilities 1,934 - 1,934
Repayment (2,803) (96) (2,899)
Interest paid (168) - (168)
Other changes:
- Accretion of interest 168 - 168
At end of financial year 2,775 1,214 3,989
2022
At beginning of financial year 7,428 1,409 8,837
Additional of lease liabilities 2,611 - 2,611
Repayment (6,395) (99) (6,494)
Interest paid (419) - (419)
Other changes:
- Accretion of interest 419 - 419
3,644 1,310 4,954
Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:
Group
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial
statements.
At end of financial year
Statements of Cash Flows
For the financial year ended 30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 81 ----
80
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
30 June 2023
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Notes to the financial statements
30 June 2023
1. Corporate information
2. Significant accounting policies
2.1 Basis of preparation
2.2 Changes in accounting policies
•
•
•
•
The Company is a public limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in Malaysia, and listed on
the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. The registered office of the Company is located
at Level 7, Menara Milenium, Jalan Damanlela, Pusat Bandar Damansara, Damansara Heights, 50490
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The principal place of business is located at Suites 22-30, 5th Floor, IOI
Business Park, 47100 Puchong, Selangor Darul Ehsan.
The penultimate holding company is Berjaya Group Berhad, a company incorporated in Malaysia. The
ultimate holding company is Berjaya Corporation Berhad ("BCorp"), a public listed company
incorporated in Malaysia and listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.
The principal activities of the Company are investment holding and the provision of management
services to its subsidiaries. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are described in Note 16. There
have been no significant changes in the nature of the principal activities during the financial year.
The financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors in accordance with a
resolution of the directors dated 10 October 2023.
The financial statements of the Group and the Company have been prepared under the
historical cost convention unless otherwise indicated in the accounting policies below and
comply with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards ("MFRSs"), International Financial
Reporting Standards ("IFRSs") and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
The financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia (“RM”) and all values are rounded
to the nearest thousand (“RM’000”) except when otherwise indicated.
The significant accounting policies adopted by the Group and the Company are consistent with
those of the previous financial year, except for the adoption of the following Amendments to
MFRSs, effective for financial periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022:
Amendments to MFRS 3: Business Combinations – Reference to the Conceptual
Framework
Amendments to MFRS 116: Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended
Use
Amendments to MFRS 137: Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets –
Onerous Contracts – Costs of Fulfilling a Contract
Amendments to MFRS 1, MFRS 9, MFRS 16, MFRS 141 – Annual Improvements to
MFRS Standards 2018 - 2020
The adoption of the above Amendments to MFRSs did not have any significant effect on the
financial performance or position of the Group and the Company.
16

---- Page 82 ----
81
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.3 Standards issued but not yet effective
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Effective for financial periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023:
MFRS 17: Insurance Contracts
Amendments to MFRS 4: Insurance Contracts – Extension of the Temporary Exemption
from Applying MFRS 9
Amendments to MFRS 17: Insurance Contracts – Initial Application of MFRS 17 and
MFRS 9 – Comparative Information
Amendments to MFRS 101: Presentation of Financial Statements – Disclosure of
Accounting Policies
Amendments to MFRS 108: Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and
Errors – Definition of Accounting Estimates
Amendments to MFRS 112: Income Taxes – Deferred Tax related to Assets and
Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
Effective for financial periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024:
At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the following new MFRS and
Amendments to MFRSs were issued but not yet effective and have not been applied by the
Group and the Company:
Amendments to MFRS 101: Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification of
Liabilities as Current or Non-current
Amendments to MFRS 101: Presentation of Financial Statements – Non-current
Liabilities with Covenants
Amendments to MFRS 16: Leases – Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
Effective date yet to be determined:
Amendments to MFRS 10 and MFRS 128: Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture (Deferred)
The new MFRS and Amendments to MFRSs above are expected to have no significant impact
on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company upon their initial application
except for the changes in presentation and disclosures of financial information arising from the
adoption of the above new MFRS and Amendments to MFRSs.
17

---- Page 83 ----
82
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies
2.4.1 Subsidiaries and basis of consolidation
i)
ii)
iii)
i)
ii)
iii)
iv)
power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the
relevant activities of the investee);
exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its investment with the investee; and
the ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
its subsidiaries, which are prepared up to the end of the same financial year.
Subsidiaries are those investees controlled by the Group. The Group controls an investee if
and only if the Group has all the following:
rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have,
the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be
made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.
Subsidiaries are consolidated using the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition
method of accounting, subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date
on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until that date such control
ceases.
The cost of acquisition of a subsidiary depends on whether it is a business combination, in
accordance to the specifications in MFRS 3, or not. If it is not a business combination, the cost
of acquisition consists of the consideration transferred (“CT”). The CT is the sum of fair values
of the assets transferred by the Group, the liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners
of the acquiree and the equity instruments issued by the Group in exchange for control of the
acquiree on the date of acquisition and any contingent consideration. For an acquisition that is
not a business combination, the acquisition-related costs can be capitalised as part of the cost
of acquisition. If it is a business combination, the cost of acquisition (or specifically, the cost of
business combination) consists of CT, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the
acquiree, and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree. For an
acquisition that is a business combination, the acquisition-related costs are recognised in profit
or loss as incurred.
If the business combination is achieved in stages, any previously held equity interests in the
acquiree are re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date with any corresponding gain or
loss recognised in profit or loss.
When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, the Group
considers the following in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are
sufficient to give it power over the investee:
the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of
holdings of the other vote holders;
potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;
18

---- Page 84 ----
83
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.1 Subsidiaries and basis of consolidation (contd.)
The contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at
the date of acquisition. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as
measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively, with corresponding adjustments
against goodwill. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional
information obtained during the ‘measurement period’ (which cannot exceed one year from the
date of acquisition) about the facts and circumstances that existed at the date of acquisition.
The subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that do
not qualify as measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration
is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not re-measured at
subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.
Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is re-measured at
subsequent reporting dates in accordance with MFRS 9: Financial Instruments or MFRS 137:
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, as appropriate with the corresponding
gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.
Uniform accounting policies are adopted in the consolidated financial statements for similar
transactions and other events in similar circumstances. In the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements, the financial statements of all subsidiaries are adjusted for the material
effects of dissimilar accounting policies. Intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income,
expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are
eliminated in full on consolidation except for unrealised losses, which are not eliminated when
there are indications of impairment.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the non-
controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, direct or indirectly,
to the Group which consist of the amount of those non-controlling interests at the date of
original combination, and the non-controlling interests’ share of changes in the equity since the
date of the combination.
Any excess of the cost of business combination, as the case may be, over the net amount of
the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognised as goodwill.
For business combinations, provisions are made for the acquiree’s contingent liabilities existing
at the date of acquisition as the Group deems that it is probable that an outflow of resources
embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligations.
Any excess in the Group's interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities assumed over the cost of business combination is recognised immediately in profit or
loss.
Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within
equity, separately from the equity of the owners of the parent.
19

---- Page 85 ----
84
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.1 Subsidiaries and basis of consolidation (contd.)
i)
ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary and
any non-controlling interest at the date when control is lost;
is recognised in profit or loss. The subsidiary’s cumulative gain or loss which has been
recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit
or loss or where applicable, transferred directly to retained earnings. Any investment retained is
recognised at fair value.
In the Company’s separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost
less impairment losses.
Equity instruments and equity components of hybrid financial instruments issued by
subsidiaries but held by the Group will be eliminated on consolidation. Any difference between
the cost of investment and the value of the equity instruments or the equity components of
hybrid financial instruments will be recognised immediately in equity upon elimination.
When there is share buyback by a subsidiary, the accretion of the Group’s interest is
recognised as a deemed acquisition of additional equity interest in the subsidiary. Any
differences between the consideration of the share buyback over the Group's revised interest in
the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognised
directly in equity attributable to owners of the parent.
Changes in the Group’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in the Group losing
control over the subsidiary are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of
the Group’s interest and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by which the non-
controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of consideration paid or received is
recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the parent.
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss calculated as the difference
between:
the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any
retained interest; and
20

---- Page 86 ----
85
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.2 Associates
After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to
recognise impairment loss on its investment in its associates. At each reporting date, the Group
determines whether there is objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired.
If there is such evidence, the Group recognises the difference between the recoverable amount
of the associate and its carrying value as impairment loss in profit or loss.
On acquisition of an investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of investment over the
Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed of
the investee is recognised as goodwill and included in the carrying amount of the investment
and is not amortised.
Any excess of the Group's share of net fair value of the associate's identifiable assets acquired
and liabilities assumed over the cost of investment is included as income in the determination
of the Group's share of associate's profit or loss in the period in which the investment is
acquired.
Associates are entities in which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
power through board representations to participate in the financial and operating policy
decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.
Investments in unquoted associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements
using the equity method of accounting based on the latest audited financial statements and
supplemented by management financial statements of the associates made up to the Group's
financial year end.
Uniform accounting policies are adopted for like transactions and events in similar
circumstances upon applying equity method of accounting.
21

---- Page 87 ----
86
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.2 Associates (contd.)
2.4.3 Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
Upon loss of significant influence over the associate, the Group measures and recognises any
retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the
associate upon loss of significant influence and the fair value of the retained investment and
proceeds from the disposals is recognised in profit or loss.
In the Company’s separate financial statements, investments in associates are stated at cost
less impairment losses.
All items of property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent costs are
included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group
and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. Subsequent to recognition, when property,
plant and equipment are required to be replaced in intervals, the Group recognises such parts
as individual assets with specific useful lives. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to
profit or loss during the financial year in which they are incurred.
Under the equity method, the investment in an associate is recognised at cost on initial
recognition, and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognise the Group’s share
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate after the date of acquisition,
less impairment losses. The Group's share of comprehensive income of associates acquired or
disposed of during the financial year, is included in the consolidated profit or loss from the date
that significant influence effectively commences or until the date that significant influence
effectively ceases, as appropriate.
Unrealised gains and losses on transactions between the Group and the associates are
eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the associates.
When the Group's share of losses equals or exceeds its interest in an equity accounted an
associate, including any long term interest, that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net
investment in the associate, the carrying amount of that interest is reduced to nil and the
recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has a legal and
constructive obligations or has made payment on behalf of the associate.
When there is share buyback by an associate, the accretion of the Group’s interest is
recognised as a deemed acquisition of additional equity interest in the associate. Any reduction
of the Group’s pre-acquisition reserves arising from the share buyback (i.e. Goodwill) is
included in the carrying amount of the investment and is not amortised. Any increase of the
Group’s pre-acquisition reserves arising from the share buyback (i.e. Negative Goodwill) is
included as income in the determination of the Group's share of associate's results in the
period of share buybacks.
22

---- Page 88 ----
87
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.3 Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (contd.)
Office lots 2%
Computers 20%
Furniture, fittings and office equipment 20%
Equipment, plant and machinery 20%
Renovations 20%
Motor vehicles 20%
2.4.4 Investment properties
Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the
investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is
expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment
property are recognised in profit or loss in the year in which they arise.
Depreciation of other property, plant and equipment is provided for on a straight-line basis to
write off the cost of each asset to its residual value over the estimated useful life, at the
following annual rates:
The residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each financial year end
to ensure that the amount, method and period of depreciation are consistent with previous
estimates and the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied
in the items of property, plant and equipment.
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gains or losses on the
derecognition of the asset are included in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised.
Investment properties are properties which are held either to earn rentals or for capital
appreciation or for both. Such properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction
costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value. Fair
value is arrived at by reference to market evidence of transaction prices for similar properties
and is performed by independent professional valuers.
Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are recognised
in profit or loss in the year in which they arise.
A property interest under an operating lease is classified and accounted for as an investment
property on a property-by-property basis when the Group holds it to earn rentals or for capital
appreciation or both. Any such property interest under an operating lease classified as an
investment property is carried at fair value.
Subsequent to initial recognition, property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
23

---- Page 89 ----
88
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.4 Investment properties (contd.)
2.4.5 Inventories
2.4.6 Intangible assets
(1) Goodwill
Goodwill acquired in a business combination is initially measured at cost being the excess
of the cost of business combination over the Group's interest in the net fair value of the
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Following the initial recognition,
goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is
reviewed for impairment, annually or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. Gains and losses on the
disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.
When an item of investment property carried at fair value is transferred to property, plant and
equipment following a change in its use, the property’s deemed cost for subsequent accounting
in accordance with MFRS 116: Property, Plant and Equipment shall be its fair value at the date
of change in use.
When an item of property, plant and equipment is transferred to investment properties following
a change in its use, any difference arising at the date of transfer between the carrying amount
of the item immediately prior to transfer and its fair value is recognised directly in other
comprehensive income. However, if such fair value gain reverses a previous impairment loss,
the gain is recognised in profit or loss. Upon disposal of the investment property, any surplus
previously recorded in other comprehensive income is transferred to retained earnings.
When an item of property inventory or property development is transferred to investment
properties following a change in its use, any difference arising at the date of transfer between
the carrying amount of the item immediately prior to the transfer and its fair value is recognised
in profit or loss.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (determined on a weighted average basis) and net
realisable value. Cost of inventories comprises cost of purchase of goods. Net realisable value
represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs to be incurred in marketing,
selling and distribution. Other inventories not to be resold and for consumption purposes are
classified as spares and consumables.
When necessary, due allowance is made for all damaged, obsolete and slow moving items.
The Group writes down its obsolete or slow-moving inventories based on assessment of the
condition and the future demand of the inventories. These inventories are written down when
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recovered.
24

---- Page 90 ----
89
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.6 Intangible assets (contd.)
(2) Research and development expenditure
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense when it is incurred.
(i)
(ii) The product or process is technically and commercially feasible;
(iii) Its future economic benefits are probable;
(iv)
(v)
(3) Telecommunications licenses with allocated spectrum
The useful lives of development expenditure are assessed to be either finite or indefinite.
Development expenditure with finite lives are amortised on a straight-line basis over the
estimated economic useful lives and assessed for impairment whenever there is an
indication that the development expenditure may be impaired. The amortisation period
and the amortisation method for the development expenditure with a finite useful life are
reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period.
Capitalised development expenditure is amortised on a straight line basis over 5 years.
For the Group’s telecommunication licenses with allocated spectrum that was acquired as
part of a business combination, the fair value of telecommunication licenses with
allocated spectrum as at the date of business combination was deemed as its cost.
Following the initial recognition, telecommunication licenses with allocated spectrum are
carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. The telecommunication licenses
with allocated spectrum were written off in the current year.
Development expenditure is recognised as an expense except that costs incurred on
development projects are capitalised as non-current assets to the extent that such
expenditure is expected to generate future economic benefits. Development expenditure
is capitalised if, and only if an entity can demonstrate all of the following:
Its ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the asset under
development;
Its intention to complete and the ability to use or sell the developed asset; and
The availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the
asset under development.
Capitalised development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation
and impairment losses, if any. Development expenditure initially recognised as an
expense is not recognised as assets in the subsequent period.
25

---- Page 91 ----
90
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.6 Intangible assets (contd.)
(4) Spectrum rights
2.4.7 Impairment of non-financial assets
An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs to sell
and its value in use (“VIU”). In assessing VIU, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of
the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where the carrying amount of an
asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to
its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of a CGU or groups of CGUs
are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to those units or
groups of units and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit or groups
of units on a pro-rata basis.
An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless the
asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the impairment loss is accounted for as a
revaluation decrease to the extent that the impairment loss does not exceed the amount held in
the fair value reserve for the same asset.
The carrying amounts of the Group’s non-financial assets, other than investment properties,
inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether
there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable
amount is estimated to determine the amount of impairment loss.
For goodwill, intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives and intangible assets that are not
yet available for use, the recoverable amount is estimated at each reporting date or more
frequently when there is any indication of impairment.
For the purpose of impairment testing of these assets, recoverable amount is determined on an
individual asset basis unless the asset does not generate cash flows that are largely
independent of those from other assets. If this is the case, recoverable amount is determined
for the cash generating unit (“CGU”) to which the asset belongs to. Goodwill acquired in a
business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s CGUs, or
groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination,
irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or
groups of units.
For spectrum rights acquired with a finite useful life, costs are amortised over the
estimated useful lives and assessed for impairment when there is an indication that the
spectrum rights may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method
are reviewed at least during each financial year end. Management has assessed the
useful life of the spectrum rights to be 2 years which is aligned to management's business
plans and regulatory conditions. Further details are disclosed in Note 14.
26

---- Page 92 ----
91
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.7 Impairment of non-financial assets (contd.)
2.4.8 Fair value measurement
(1) In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
(2)
Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
value measurement is directly or indirectly observable
In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or
liability.
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to by the Group.
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market
participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act
in their economic best interest.
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s
ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling
it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable
inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements
are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level
input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
Impairment loss on goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period. An impairment loss for an
asset other than goodwill is reversed if, and only if, there has been a change in the estimates
used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was
recognised. The carrying amount of an asset other than goodwill is increased to its revised
recoverable amount, provided that this amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
have been determined (net of amortisation or depreciation) had no impairment loss been
recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of impairment loss for an asset other than
goodwill is recognised in profit or loss, unless the asset is carried at revalued amount, in which
case, such reversal is treated as a revaluation increase.
The Group measures financial instruments and certain non-financial assets, such as
investment properties, at fair value at each reporting date. Also, fair values of financial
instruments measured at amortised cost are disclosed in Note 34.
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value
measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the
liability takes place either:
27

---- Page 93 ----
92
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.8 Fair value measurement (contd.)
2.4.9 Financial instruments
(1) Financial assets
Initial recognition and measurement
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on:
(a) the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics; and
(b) the Group’s business model for managing them.
Classification of financial assets are determined on initial recognition and are not reclassified
subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for
managing financial assets in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first
day of the first reporting period following the change of the business model. Such changes are
expected to be very infrequent.
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis,
the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by
reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and
liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the
level of the fair value hierarchy.
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a
financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.
Financial assets are recognised when, and only when, the entity becomes party to the
contractual provisions of the instruments.
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame
established by regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised
on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, and subsequently measured at amortised
cost, fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.
Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
value measurement is unobservable
28

---- Page 94 ----
93
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.9 Financial instruments (contd.)
(1) Financial assets (contd.)
Subsequent measurement
(a) Amortised cost
(b) Fair value through other comprehensive income
Debt instruments
This category comprises investments in debt instrument, which are held within a business
model whose objective is collecting contractual cash flows and selling the debt
investments, and its contractual terms give rise to cash flows on specified dates that are
SPPI on the principal amount outstanding. Interest income calculated using the effective
interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment losses or reversals
are recognised in profit or loss. Fair value changes are recognised in other
comprehensive income.
On derecognition of these financial assets, the fair value changes accumulated in other
comprehensive income are recycled to profit or loss.
With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or
for which the Group has applied the practical expedient, the Group initially measures a financial
asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss,
transaction costs.
Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or if the period between
performance and payment is 1 year or less under practical expedient of MFRS 15, are
measured at the transaction price determined under MFRS 15.
Subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on its classification. The classification of
financial assets are described below:
This category comprises financial assets that are held within a business model whose
objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows and its contractual terms give
rise to cash flows on specified dates that are solely payments of principal and interest
(“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at
initial recognition minus principal repayments plus cumulative amortisation using the
effective interest method and reduced by any impairment losses. Interest income, foreign
exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Gains and
losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or
impaired.
29

---- Page 95 ----
94
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.9 Financial instruments (contd.)
(1) Financial assets (contd.)
Subsequent measurement (contd.)
(b) Fair value through other comprehensive income (contd.)
Equity instruments
(c) Fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL")
This category comprises investments in equity instrument that are not held for trading,
and where the Group irrevocably elects to account for subsequent changes in the
investments’ fair value in other comprehensive income. This election is made on an
investment-by-investment basis. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or loss
unless the dividends clearly represent part recovery of the cost of investment. Other net
gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income.
On derecognition of these financial assets, fair value changes and other net gains and
losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are not recycled to profit or loss.
All financial assets not classified as amortised cost or fair value through other
comprehensive income as described above are classified as FVTPL. This includes
derivative financial assets (except for derivatives that are designated as effective hedging
instruments). On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset
that otherwise meets the requirements to be classified as financial asset at amortised
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, as a financial asset at FVTPL,
if doing so, eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would
otherwise arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognising the gains and losses on
them on different bases.
Financial assets at FVTPL are carried in the statements of financial position at fair value
with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Other net gains or losses,
including any interest or dividend income, are also recognised in profit or loss.
All financial assets, except for those measured at FVTPL and equity investments
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, are subject to impairment
assessment.
30

---- Page 96 ----
95
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.9 Financial instruments (contd.)
(1) Financial assets (contd.)
Derecognition
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(2) Financial liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered
into a ‘pass-through’ arrangement, but is not able to derecognise the asset, then the Group has
to continue recognising the transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement and to
recognise an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are
measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.
Financial liabilities are recognised when, and only when, the entity becomes party to the
contractual provisions of the instruments.
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at amortised cost or
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.
The Group initially measures a financial liability at its fair value minus, in the case of a financial
liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to
the issue of the financial liability.
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar
financial assets) is primarily derecognised when:
The contractual rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
The Group has transferred its rights to receive the cash flows from the assets and has
transferred substantially all risks and rewards related to the asset; or
The Group has transferred its rights to receive the cash flows from the assets and has not
retained control of the assets; or
The Group has assumed an obligation to pay the cash flows from the asset in full without
material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement.
31

---- Page 97 ----
96
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.9 Financial instruments (contd.)
(2) Financial liabilities (contd.)
Subsequent measurement
(a) Amortised cost
(b) Fair value through profit or loss
Subsequent to initial recognition, the amortised cost of a financial liability is the amount at
initial recognition minus repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective
interest method.
Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as
well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.
The fair value through profit or loss category comprises financial liabilities that are either
held for trading or are designated as fair value through profit or loss to eliminate or
significantly reduce a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise
arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognising the gains and losses on them on
different bases. The changes in fair value of these financial liabilities are recognised in
profit or loss.
The Group measures the financial liabilities depending on their classification, as described
below:
Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method,
which allocates interest expenses at a constant rate over the term of the financial
liabilities. The effective interest rate is calculated at initial recognition and is the rate that
exactly discounts the estimated future cash flows (including all fees and points paid that
form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums
or discounts) through the expected life of the financial liability to the amortised cost of a
financial liability.
32

---- Page 98 ----
97
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.9 Financial instruments (contd.)
(2) Financial liabilities (contd.)
Derecognition
(3) Offsetting of financial instruments
2.4.10 Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on financial assets
measured at amortised cost, debt investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income, contract assets and lease receivables.
ECLs are the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the
contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
approximation of the effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows
from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are part of the contractual
terms.
ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures where there have not been a
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses
that result from default events that are possible within the next 12-months (a 12-month ECL).
For those credit exposures where there have been a significant increase in credit risk since
initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life
of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).
For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach in
calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead
recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has
established provision matrices that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for
forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment. For non-trade
receivables, the Group assesses ECL on an individual basis by comparing the carrying
amounts to the expected future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate,
where relevant.
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability expires, or is
discharged or cancelled. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the
same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially
modified, such a replacement or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original
liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts
is recognised in profit or loss.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the
statements of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the
recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the
assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
33

---- Page 99 ----
98
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.10 Impairment of financial assets (contd.)
2.4.11 Contract assets and liabilities
In certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual
amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A
financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the
contractual cash flows.
A contract asset is the right of the Group to consideration in exchange for goods or services
that it has transferred to the customer when that right is conditional upon future performance
but not through the passage of time. If the Group has performed its obligation by transferring
goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration and before payment is
due, a contract asset is recognised and presented net of any amounts that has been
recognised as receivables. Contract asset is the excess of cumulative revenue earned or
recognised in profit or loss over the billings to date to the customer. Contract assets are subject
to impairment assessment in accordance of MFRS 9 Financial Instruments.
A contract liability is the obligation of the Group to transfer goods and services to a customer
for which it has received consideration or an amount of consideration is due from the customer.
If a customer pays consideration, such as advance payment and down payments, or the Group
has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional before it transfers goods or
services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is made or the
payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the
Group performs its obligation under the contract. Contract liability is the excess of the billings to
date to the customer over the cumulative revenue earned or recognised in profit or loss.
For debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the
low credit risk simplification. At every reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt
instrument is considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable
information that is available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the Group
reassesses the internal credit rating of the debt instrument. In addition, the Group considers
that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more
than 90 days past due.
The Group recognises impairment loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except
for investments in debt instruments that are measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income, for which the loss allowance is recognised in profit or loss and
accumulated in the fair value reserve.
34

---- Page 100 ----
99
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.12 Cash and cash equivalents
2.4.13 Provisions
2.4.14 Leases
(i) Group as a lessee
A lease, as defined in MFRS 16, is a contract or part of a contract that conveys the right to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The
Group assesses at inception of a contract whether it is a lease in accordance to MFRS 16.
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except
for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease
liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use
the underlying assets.
Cash comprises cash in hand, at bank and short term deposits with a maturity of three months
or less. Cash equivalents, are short term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible
to known amounts of cash and that subject to insignificant risk of changes in value, against
which the bank overdrafts, if any, are deducted.
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to
settle the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably.
Provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best
estimate. If it is no longer probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to
settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. If the effect of the time value of money is
material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, where appropriate,
the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to
the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.
35

---- Page 101 ----
100
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.14 Leases (contd.)
(i) Group as a lessee (contd.)
Right-of-use assets
Leasehold office lots 50 years
Warehouse and sites 3 - 9 years
Equipment and machinery 3 years
Motor vehicles 5 years
Computer server 5 years
The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment as detailed in Note 2.4.7 to the
financial statements (Impairment of non-financial assets).
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease i.e.,
the date the underlying asset is available for use. Right-of-use assets are measured at
cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any
remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of
lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, estimated cost to
dismantle/restore the underlying asset, and lease payments made at or before the
commencement date less any lease incentives received.
Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease
term and the estimated useful lives of the assets. In the case where the lease transfers
ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee by the end of the lease term or if the cost
of the right-of-use asset implies that the lessee will exercise a purchase option,
depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the underlying asset. The
depreciation period are as follows:
'Lease term' refers to the non-cancellable period of a lease plus: (i) the period covered by
an option to extend the lease if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise; and (ii) the
period covered by an option to terminate if the Group is reasonably certain not to
exercise.
If the lease transfers the ownership of the underlying asset to the Group at the end of the
lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a
purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the
underlying asset.
36

---- Page 102 ----
101
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.14 Leases (contd.)
(i) Group as a lessee (contd.)
Lease liabilities
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
The Group also applied the available practical expedients wherein it:
-
-
Applied the lease of low-value assets exemption to lease contracts for which the
underlying asset is of low value (below RM20,000); and
Used hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contained options
to extend or terminate the lease.
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured
at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease
payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and
amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also
include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the
Group, and payments of penalties for termination (if the lease term reflects the Group
exercising the option to terminate the lease).
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as
expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the
event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental
borrowing rate (of the lessee) at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit
in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of
lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for lease
payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there
is a reassessment (e.g. change in the lease term) or lease modification (e.g. change in
scope of lease).
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
asset (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of
low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered
to be low-value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are
recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
37

---- Page 103 ----
102
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.14 Leases (contd.)
(ii) Group as a lessor
Operating lease
2.4.15 Equity instruments
2.4.16 Borrowing costs
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Dividends on ordinary shares are recognised in equity
in the period in which they are approved for payment.
The transaction costs of an equity transaction are accounted for as a deduction from equity.
Equity transaction costs comprise only those incremental external costs directly attributable to
the equity transaction which would otherwise have been avoided.
The consideration paid, including attributable transaction costs on repurchased ordinary shares
of the Company that have not been cancelled, are classified as treasury shares and presented
as a deduction from equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the sale,
reissuance or cancellation of treasury shares. Consideration paid or received is recognised
directly in equity.
Borrowing costs are capitalised as part of the cost of a qualifying asset if they are directly
attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of that asset. Capitalisation of
borrowing costs commences when the activities to prepare the asset for its intended use or
sale are in progress and the expenditure and borrowing costs are incurred. Borrowing costs are
capitalised until the assets are substantially completed for their intended use or sale.
All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period they are incurred.
Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that the Group incurred in connection with
the borrowing of funds.
Leases in which the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
ownership of the underlying asset are classified as operating leases. Lease income from
operating lease is accounted for on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis if
another systematic basis is more representative of the pattern of benefit received. Initial
direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same
basis as rental income. The underlying asset of an operating lease is included in the
statements of financial position based on the nature of the asset.
Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.
38

---- Page 104 ----
103
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.17 Financial guarantee contracts
(i)
(ii)
2.4.18 Contingencies
A contingent liability or asset is a possible obligation or asset that arises from past events and
whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of uncertain future
event(s) not wholly within the control of the Group.
Contingent liabilities and assets are not recognised in the statements of financial position of the
Group except for contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination of which the fair
value can be reliably measured.
A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the guarantor to make specified
payments to reimburse the holder of a guarantee for a loss it incurs because a specified
guaranteed debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the original or modified
terms of a debt instrument.
Financial guarantee contract is recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is
issued. The liability is initially measured at fair value. The fair value of a financial guarantee
contract is the present value of the difference between the net contractual cash flows required
under a debt instrument, and the net contractual cash flows that would have been required
without the guarantee. The present value is calculated using a risk free rate of interest.
At the end of each subsequent reporting period, financial guarantees are measured at the
higher of:
the amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with ECL; and
the amount initially recognised less cumulative amount of income recognised in
accordance with the principles of MFRS 15, where appropriate.
39

---- Page 105 ----
104
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.19 Current and non-current classification
An asset is classified as current when it is:
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
All other assets are classified as non-current.
A liability is classified as current when:
(i)
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
2.4.20 Revenue recognition
cash and cash equivalents unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a
liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.
it is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle;
it is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
it is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting period; or
there is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least 12 months
after the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities
respectively.
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services
are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Group has generally
concluded that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements because it typically controls the
goods or services before transferring them to the customer.
The Group considers whether there are other promises in the contract that are separate
performance obligations to which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated (e.g.
non-cash consideration and consideration payable to the customer, if any). Depending on the
terms of the contract, revenue is recognised when the performance obligation is satisfied,
which may be at a point in time or over time.
The Group presents assets and liabilities in the statements of financial position based on
current and non-current classification.
expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle;
held primarily for the purpose of trading;
expected to be realised within 12 months after the reporting period; or
40

---- Page 106 ----
105
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.20 Revenue recognition (contd.)
(i) Telecommunications services
(a) Revenue from voice and data services
(b)
(c) Revenue from sale of telecommunication hardware
Revenue from sale of data services, which are unlimited in usage, is recognised
proportionately over the subscription period.
Revenue from sale of prepaid starter packs and prepaid phone cards where
services have not been rendered are deferred (i.e. as disclosed as contract
liabilities in trade and other payables) and recognised as revenue based on the
actual use of the cards, net of taxes and discounts.
Revenue from international airtime transfer ("IAT")
The Group purchases airtime value from suppliers and repackages the IAT cards
and sells to end customers through third party dealers. Revenue from IAT is
recognised net of service tax and discounts upon the transfer of control of the IAT
cards to the dealers.
Revenue relating to sale of hardware is recognised when the Group transfers the
control over the hardware to customers, i.e. when the products are delivered to
customers.
Revenue from contracts with customers is measured at its transaction price which is the
amount of consideration that the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the
promised goods or services to a customer, net of applicable taxes, returns, rebates and
discounts. Transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation on the basis of
its relative stand-alone selling price.
If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the amount
of consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods to the
customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it
is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is
subsequently resolved.
The Group’s revenue from contracts with customers are further described below:
Revenue from sale of voice, interconnection revenue and other network based
services are recognised based on actual traffic volume net of rebates/discounts,
when services are rendered.
41

---- Page 107 ----
106
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.20 Revenue recognition (contd.)
(ii) Managed Telecommunications Network Services (“MTNS”)
(iii) Non-operating spectrum related income
(iv) Cloud and Internet of Things (“IoT”)
(1) Dividend income
(2) Interest income
(3) Rental income
Rental income is recognised on an accrual basis.
Dividend income is recognised when the Group’s right to receive payment is established.
Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method.
Non-operating spectrum related income relates to the fees for utilising the spectrums.
Revenue from cloud and IoT mainly comprise revenue from data centre services, cloud
services and applications and IoT services. Revenue is recognised when services are
rendered.
The recognition of other classes of revenue that are not within the scope of MFRS 15 are set
out below:
Revenue from MTNS mainly comprises of revenue from contracts with customers to
construct, maintain and provide support services of telecommunication infrastructure and
Universal Service Provision ("USP") sites.
Revenue is recognised over time where the Group uses the input method by reference to
the proportion of costs incurred for work performed to date to the estimated total costs to
measure the progress towards the satisfaction of performance obligation.
42

---- Page 108 ----
107
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.21 Foreign currencies
(1) Functional and presentation currency
(2) Foreign currency transactions
The individual financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the
currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (i.e. functional
currency). The financial statements are presented in RM, which is also the Company’s
functional currency.
In preparing the financial statements of the individual entities, transactions in currencies
other than the entity’s functional currency (i.e. foreign currencies) are recorded in the
functional currencies using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
At each reporting date, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated
at the rates prevailing on the reporting date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that
are denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing on the date
when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured at historical
cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of initial
transaction.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation
of monetary items, are included in profit or loss for the period except for exchange
differences arising on monetary items that form part of the Group’s net investment in
foreign operations. These are initially taken directly to the foreign currency translation
reserve within equity until the disposal of the foreign operations, at which time they are
recognised in profit or loss. Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form
part of the Company’s net investment in foreign operations are recognised in profit or loss
of the Company’s financial statements or the individual financial statements of the foreign
operation, as appropriate.
Exchange differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items carried at fair
value are included in profit or loss for the period except for the differences arising on the
translation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and losses are recognised
directly in equity. Exchange differences arising from such non-monetary items are also
recognised directly in equity.
43

---- Page 109 ----
108
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.21 Foreign currencies (contd.)
(3) Foreign operations
-
-
-
2.4.22 Employee benefits
(1) Short-term benefits
(2) Defined contribution plans
Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group
pays fixed contributions into separate entities or funds and will have no legal or
constructive obligation to pay further contributions if any of the funds do not hold sufficient
assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee services in the current and
preceding financial years. Such contributions are recognised as an expense in profit or
loss as incurred. As required by law, companies in Malaysia make such contributions to
the Employees Provident Fund.
The results and financial position of foreign operations that have a functional currency
different from the presentation currency of the consolidated financial statements are
translated into RM as follows:
Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are
translated at the closing rate prevailing at the reporting date;
Income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and statement of other
comprehensive income are translated at average exchange rates for the reporting
period, which approximate the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions; and
All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income
and accumulated in a separate component of equity under the header of foreign
exchange reserve.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of foreign operations are
treated as assets or liabilities of the foreign operations and are recorded in the functional
currency of the foreign operations and translated at the closing rate at the reporting date.
Wages, salaries, bonuses and social security contributions are recognised as an expense
in the reporting period in which the associated services are rendered by employees of the
Group. Short term accumulating compensated absences such as paid annual leave are
recognised when services are rendered by employees that increase their entitlement to
future compensated absences. Short term non-accumulating compensated absences
such as sick leave are recognised when the absences occur.
44

---- Page 110 ----
109
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.23 Taxes
(1) Current tax
(2) Deferred tax
-
-
-
-
where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises
from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a
business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent
that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable
future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences
can be utilised.
Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered
from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the
amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.
Current taxes are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to
items recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in
equity.
Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the
reporting date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
for financial reporting purposes.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an
asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time
of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary
differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will
not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward
of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable
profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry
forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised except:
45

---- Page 111 ----
110
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.23 Taxes (contd.)
(2) Deferred tax (contd.)
(3) Indirect taxes
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and
reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be
available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred
tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it
has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax assets to be
utilised.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to
apply to the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates
and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. The
measurement of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets shall reflect the tax
consequences that would follow from the manner in which the entity expects, at the end
of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amounts of its assets and
liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right
exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes
relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
Tax benefits acquired as part of a business combination, but not satisfying the criteria for
separate recognition at that date, are recognised subsequently if new information about
facts and circumstances change. The adjustment is either treated as a reduction in
goodwill (as long as it does not exceed goodwill) if it was incurred during the
measurement period or recognised in profit or loss.
Indirect taxes include Sales and Service Tax, and Goods and Services Tax (also known
as Value Added Tax).
The amount of indirect taxes payable to taxation authority is included as part of payables
in the statements of financial position.
Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit
or loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction
either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity and deferred tax arising from a
business combination is adjusted against goodwill on acquisition.
46

---- Page 112 ----
111
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.4.23 Taxes (contd.)
(3) Indirect taxes (contd.)
2.4.24 Segment reporting
2.5 Significant accounting estimates and judgements
2.5.1 Key sources of estimation uncertainty
(1) Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
The difference between output and input Goods and Services tax, being the amount
payable to or receivable from the respective taxation authorities at the reporting date, is
included in other payables or other receivables respectively in the statements of financial
position.
For management purposes, the Group is organised into operating segments based on their
products and services which are independently managed by the respective segment managers
responsible for the performance of the respective segments under their charge. The segment
managers report directly to the management of the Company who regularly review the segment
results in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess the segment performance.
Additional disclosures on each of these segments are shown in Note 36, including the factors
used to identify the reportable segments and the measurement basis of segment information.
Indirect taxes incurred on the purchase of assets or services which cannot be recovered
from the respective tax authorities are recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the
asset or as part of the expense item as applicable.
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below:
The estimates for the residual values, useful lives and related depreciation charges for
the property, plant and equipment are based on commercial factors which could change
significantly as a result of technical innovations and competitors’ actions in response to
the market conditions. The Group anticipates that the residual values of its property, plant
and equipment will be insignificant. As a result, residual values are not being taken into
consideration for the computation of the depreciable amount. Changes in the expected
level of usage and technological development could impact the economic useful lives and
the residual values of these assets, therefore future depreciation charges could be
revised. The carrying amount of the Group's property, plant and equipment at the
reporting date is disclosed in Note 12.
47

---- Page 113 ----
112
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
2. Significant accounting policies (contd.)
2.5 Significant accounting estimates and judgements (contd.)
2.5.1 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (contd.)
(2) Income taxes
(3)
(4) Allowance for ECL of trade receivables
2.5.2 Critical judgements made in applying accounting policies
The Group recognises revenue from construction and maintenance and support services
of telecommunication infrastructures and USP sites based on input method in accordance
with the accounting policies set out in Note 2.4.20 (ii).
Revenue recognition from Managed Telecommunications Network Services ("MTNS") -
Construction and maintenance and support services of telecommunication infrastructures
and USP sites
No judgements were made by management in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
policies.
Significant judgement is required in determining the extent of progress towards
completion, the extent of the contract costs incurred, the estimated total revenue and total
estimated costs and the recoverability of the contract. In making these judgements,
management relies on past experience and project leaders and engineers.
The Group has applied the simplified approach to calculate expected credit losses which
uses a lifetime expected loss allowance on all trade receivables. The Group's provision
matrix is based on its historical credit loss experience with trade receivables of similar
credit risk characteristics. The information about ECLs on the Group's trade receivables
is disclosed in Note 21.
Significant estimation is involved in determining the provision for income taxes.  There are
certain transactions and computations for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises liabilities for
expected tax issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where
the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially
recognised, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the
period in which such determination is made.
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below: (contd.)
48

---- Page 114 ----
113
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
3. Revenue
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Revenue from contract with customers 214,654 158,042
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group's revenue from contract with customers.
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Type of goods or services
Telecommunications services            48,234            40,841
Managed Telecommunications Network Services 103,431 80,052
Non-operating spectrum related income            58,085            32,826
Cloud and Internet of Things              4,904              4,323
         214,654          158,042
Timing of revenue recognition
At a point in time            14,879            11,075
Over time          199,775          146,967
         214,654          158,042
Group
Group
49

---- Page 115 ----
114
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
4. Other income
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Interest income
- Subsidiaries and associates - 56 629 757
- Others 1,276 763 12 -
Dividend income 1,506 435 24,006 24,935
Office rental income 91 82 - -
Fair value gain on short term
investment 22,421 993 22,421 993
Investment income 1,896 3,137 1,896 3,137
Miscellaneous income 136 689 - -
27,326 6,155 48,964 29,822
5. Finance costs
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Accretion of interest for
 - leases (Note 29) 168 419 - -
 - sundry payables 3,098 - - -
Interest expense on:
- Bank overdrafts 8 1 - -
- Term loans 65 58 - -
- Bank guarantees 217 524 - -
- Advances from subsidiaries - - 752 967
Others 78 77 - -
3,634 1,079 752 967
Group Company
Group Company
Miscellaneous income include wages subsidy of Nil (2022: RM441,000), which was an incentive given
under the Short-Term Economic Recovery Plan from PERKESO.
50

---- Page 116 ----
115
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
6. Profit before tax
The following items have been included in arriving at profit before tax:
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Audit fee:
- statutory audits
   - auditors of the Company
   (Ernst & Young PLT)372 384 114 110
   - other auditors 36 6 - -
- other services
   - auditors of the Company
   (Ernst & Young PLT) 19 35 8 7
   - other auditors 6 - - -
Amortisation of:
- development costs (Note 15)                         -                     20 - -
- intangible assets (Note 14)               30,075                     13 - -
Depreciation of:
- property, plant and equipment
(Note 12) 2,156 5,100 - -
- right-of-use assets (Note 29) 2,390 6,311 - -
Impairment of:
- property, plant and equipment
(Note 12) 67 1,775 - -
- intangible assets (Note 14) 5,086 - - -
- right-of-use assets (Note 29) 704 850 - -
- investments in subsidiaries
     (Note 16) - - - 90
- investments in associate (Note 17) - - - 1,322
Directors’ remuneration (Note 8) 2,868 2,872 752 858
Employee benefits expense (Note 7) 27,740 26,310 752 865
Fair value gain on an investment
properties (Note 13) (20) - - -
Loss/(gain) on foreign exchange 126 (86) - -
(Write back of)/allowance for ECL for:
- trade receivables (Note 21) (2,011) 3,802 - -
- other receivables (Note 21) 21 3,526 (12) 11,031
Provision for Universal Service
Fund Contribution (Note 30(c)) 1,271 1,095 - -
Net (write back)/expense of annual
leave accruals (222) 207 - -
Inventories (written back)/written
down (69) 143 - -
Group Company
51

---- Page 117 ----
116
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
6. Profit before tax (contd.)
The following items have been included in arriving at profit before tax: (contd.)
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Loss on disposal of property, plant
and equipment (Note 12) - 8 - -
Property, plant and equipment
  written off (Note 12) 3 33 - -
Expenses relating to leases:
- short-term lease expenses 920 793 - -
- expenses for leases of low-value
   assets                    155                   182                      -                      -
7. Employee benefits expense
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Salaries, wages, bonuses and
 allowances 23,918 22,378 744 856
Defined contribution plan 2,746 2,515 7 8
Social security contribution 237 228 1 1
Other benefits 839 1,189 - -
27,740 26,310 752 865
8. Directors' remuneration
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Executive directors' remuneration:
- Salaries and bonuses 1,713 1,676 - -
- Other emoluments 350 338 - -
2,063 2,014 - -
Non-executive directors'
remuneration:
- Fees 733 780 680 780
- Other emoluments 72 78 72 78
805 858 752 858
Total directors' remuneration 2,868 2,872 752 858
Group Company
Group Company
Group Company
52

---- Page 118 ----
117
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
9. Taxation
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Current income tax:
- Malaysian income tax 16,932 16,584 681 665
- Under/(over) provision in
prior years 188 (1,483) (5) (6)
17,120 15,101 676 659
Deferred tax (Note 19):
- Origination and reversal of
   temporary differences 2,598 (224) 5,255 -
- Under provision in prior year 96 1,115 - -
2,694 891 5,255 -
Total income tax expense 19,814 15,992 5,931 659
Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Profit before tax 74,993 56,468 45,909 14,874
Taxation at Malaysian
statutory tax rate of 24% 17,998 13,552 11,018 3,570
Different tax rates
in other countries 12 (148) - -
Income not subject to tax (419) (4,613) (5,764) (4,423)
Expenses not deductible 1,113 4,160 516 428
Effect on income taxed under
real property gain tax (2) - - -
Utilisation of previously
unrecognised deferred tax
assets (897) - - -
Deferred tax assets not
recognised during the
financial year 1,725 3,409 166 1,090
Under/(over) provision of
income tax in prior years 188 (1,483) (5) (6)
Under provision of deferred
tax in prior years 96 1,115 - -
Income tax expense
for the financial year 19,814 15,992 5,931 659
Group Company
The major components of income tax expense are as follows:
A reconciliation of income tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory income tax rate to
income tax expense at the effective tax rate of the Group and of the Company are as follows:
Group Company

---- Page 119 ----
118
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
9. Taxation (contd.)
Taxation for other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the respective jurisdictions.
10. Earnings per share
(a) Basic
2023 2022
Profit attributable to owners of the parent (RM'000)            57,465            39,458
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue with
   voting rights ('000) 772,952 772,952
Basic earnings per share (sen): 7.43 5.10
(b) Diluted
There are no potential ordinary shares outstanding as at the end of the current financial year. As
such, the fully diluted earnings per share of the Group is not presented.
Current income tax is calculated at the statutory tax rate of 24% (2022: 24%) of the estimated assessable
profit for the financial year.
Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing profit for the financial year attributable
to ordinary equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in
issue with voting rights during the financial year.
Group
54

---- Page 120 ----
119
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
11. Goodwill
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Net carrying amount 423 423
(a) The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to cash-generating unit is as follows:
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
REDtone Engineering & Network Services Sdn. Bhd. ("RENS") 423 423
(b)
Sensitivity to changes in assumptions
The management believes that no reasonably possible changes in any of the above key
assumptions would cause the carrying value of the goodwill to be materially higher than its
recoverable amount.
Group
Group
The recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is determined using the value-in-use approach,
and this is derived from the present value of the future cash flows computed based on the
projections of financial budgets approved by directors covering a period of 3 years. The key
assumptions were based on the Earning Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation, and Amortisation
("EBITDA") margin and discount rate of 11.50% (2022: 10.50%). The EBITDA margin was
determined by management based on past performance and management's assessment of future
trends in the telecommunication industry. The discount rates used are computed based on the
weighted average cost of capital of the industry that the Group operates in.
55

---- Page 121 ----
120
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
12. Property, plant and equipment
Furniture,
fittings Equipment,
and office plant and Motor
Office lots Computers equipment machinery Renovation vehicles Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
2023
Cost
At 1 July 2022 5,498 6,791 1,025 40,635 2,618 184 56,751
Additions - 253 63 15,826 5 - 16,147
Written off - (4,202) (34) (23,033) - - (27,269)
At 30 June 2023 5,498 2,842 1,054 33,428 2,623 184 45,629
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 July 2022 1,614 6,143 972 38,729 2,577 184 50,219
Charge for the year (Note 6) 118 89 30 1,894 25 - 2,156
Written off - (4,202) (34) (23,030) - - (27,266)
At 30 June 2023 1,732 2,030 968 17,593 2,602 184 25,109
Accumulated impairment
At 1 July 2022 - 553 - 1,222 - - 1,775
Impairment during the year (Note 6) - - - 65 2 - 67
At 30 June 2023 - 553 - 1,287 2 - 1,842
Net carrying amount 3,766 259 86 14,548 19 - 18,678
56

---- Page 122 ----
121
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
12. Property, plant and equipment (contd.)
Furniture,
fittings Equipment,
and office plant and Motor
Office lots Computers equipment machinery Renovation vehicles Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
2022Cost
At 1 July 2021 5,498 6,560 1,015 39,448 2,607 206 55,334
Additions - 296 10 1,309 11 - 1,626
Disposal - - - - - (22) (22)
Written off - (65) - (122) - - (187)
At 30 June 2022 5,498 6,791 1,025 40,635 2,618 184 56,751
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 July 2021 1,496 5,578 798 34,888 2,341 175 45,276
Charge for the year (Note 6) 118 597 174 3,963 236 12 5,100
Disposal - - - - - (3) (3)
Written off - (32) - (122) - - (154)
At 30 June 2022 1,614 6,143 972 38,729 2,577 184 50,219
Accumulated impairment
At 1 July 2021 - - - - - - -
Impairment during the year (Note 6) - 553 - 1,222 - - 1,775
At 30 June 2022 - 553 - 1,222 - - 1,775
Net carrying amount 3,884 95 53 684 41 - 4,757

---- Page 123 ----
122
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
12. Property, plant and equipment (contd.)
13. Investment properties
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Office lots, at fair value
At beginning of financial year 1,180 1,180
Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss (Note 6) 20 -
At end of financial year 1,200 1,180
The fair value of the investment properties was determined based on independent valuations using
the comparative market value approach. Valuations are performed by accredited independent
valuers with recent experience in the location and category of properties being valued.
The office lots (as disclosed above) of the Group have been pledged to licensed banks as security
of banking facilities granted to the Group as disclosed in Note 28.
Included in the cost of property, plant and equipment of the Group are costs of fully depreciated
which are still in use amounting to RM23,091,000 (2022: fully depreciated of RM44,508,000).
Group
The discount rate and gross profit margins in the cash flow projections were 11.50% and 30%
respectively. No terminal value was applied in view of the finite life of the assets under review.
In the previous financial year, an impairment test was performed on the plant and equipment and
right-of-use assets of REDtone Telecommunications Sdn. Bhd. as the Company’s revenue and
margins was on a declining trend which consequently resulted in a loss before tax position. Arising
from the impairment assessment, it was noted that the carrying amount exceeded the recoverable
amount and an impairment of RM2,625,736 was recognised (limited to the higher of the fair value
less cost of disposal of the respective individual assets). The recoverable amount of the CGU had
been determined based on value in use calculation using cash flow projections from financial
budgets approved by management covering a three-year period.
58

---- Page 124 ----
123
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
13. Investment properties (contd.)
Details of the fair value of investment properties are as follows:
Fair value
measurement
using
significant
unobservable
inputs
Valuation (Level 3)
method RM'000
Comparison
Office lots, at fair value method 1,200
The property is valued by reference to transactions of similar properties in the surrounding area
taking into consideration adjustments for differences in location, size of the floor area, tenure and
other relevant characteristics.
The significant unobservable input is the price per square meter. Significant increase/(decrease) in
estimated price per square meter would result in higher/(lower) value.
The Group's investment properties are secured against the loans and borrowings as disclosed in
Note 28.
59

---- Page 125 ----
124
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
14. Intangible assets
Cloud Telecommu-
service nications Spectrum
platform licences rights Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
2023
Cost
At 1 July 2022 250 24,670 11,760 36,680
Addition - - 55,546 55,546
Written off - (24,670) - (24,670)
At 30 June 2023 250 - 67,306 67,556
Accumulated amortisation
    and impairment
At 1 July 2022 250 24,670 - 24,920
Amortisation (Note 6) - - 30,075 30,075
Impairment (Note 6) - - 5,086 5,086
Written off - (24,670) - (24,670)
At 30 June 2023 250 - 35,161 35,411
Analysed as:
Accumulated amortisation 250 - 30,075 30,325
Accumulated impairment - - 5,086 5,086
250 - 35,161 35,411
Net carrying amount -                                             -         32,145         32,145
2022
Cost
At 1 July 2021                    250             24,670                   - 24,920
Addition                         -                       -         11,760 11,760
At 30 June 2022 250 24,670 11,760 36,680
Accumulated amortisation
    and impairment
At 1 July 2021 237 24,670 - 24,907
Amortisation (Note 6) 13 - - 13
At 30 June 2022 250 24,670 - 24,920
Analysed as:
Accumulated amortisation 250 - - 250
Accumulated impairment - 24,670 - 24,670
250 24,670 - 24,920
Net carrying amount - - 11,760 11,760
60

---- Page 126 ----
125
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
14. Intangible assets (contd.)
15. Development costs
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Cost
At beginning of financial year 8,344 8,344
Written off (3,064) -
At end of financial year 5,280 8,344
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
At beginning of financial year 8,344 8,324
Amortisation (Note 6) - 20
Written off (3,064) -
At end of financial year 5,280 8,344
Analysed as:
Accumulated amortisation 3,627 6,691
Accumulated impairment 1,653 1,653
5,280 8,344
Net carrying amount - -
Group
Spectrum rights consists of both upfront and annual fees for the spectrum assignment for the frequency
band of 2,500MHz paired with 2,600MHz ("2600 SA") from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2027 and 2,300 MHz
to 2,390 MHz ("2300 SA") from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2027. Management has assessed the
useful life for both spectrum rights to be 2 years which is aligned to management's business plans and
regulatory conditions.
As at the reporting date, there were indications of impairment for the 2300 SA as the expected
recoverable amount determined using the value-in-use was lower than the carrying amount of the
spectrum assignment fees. Accordingly, management has recognised an impairment of RM5,086,000
during the current financial year.
61

---- Page 127 ----
126
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
16. Investments in subsidiaries
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Unquoted shares, at cost 12,494 2,994
ESOS granted to employees of subsidiary companies 10,367 10,367
22,861 13,361
Accumulated impairment losses (3,894) (3,894)
18,967 9,467
The details of the subsidiaries are as follows:
Name of 2023 2022
subsidiary Country of
companies incorporation % % Principal activities
REDtone Malaysia 100 100 Research, development, marketing
Telecommunications of computer-telephony integration,
Sdn. Bhd. ("RTC") provision of telecommunication
related products and services.
SEA Telco Technology Malaysia 100 100 Provider of total solutions in
Sdn. Bhd. ("STT") telecommunication related
products and services and
investment holding.
REDtone Engineering Malaysia 100 100 Provision of telecommunication
& Network Services related products and services and
   Sdn. Bhd. ("RENS") investment holding.
REDtone Data Centre Malaysia 70 70 Provision of system integration,
Sdn. Bhd. ("RDC") software solutions and trading
in computer hardware.
Ansar Mobile Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 100 100 Provision of telecommunications
("ANM") ^ services including fixed and
mobile services and telecom-
munications related services.
REDtone IOT Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 100 100 Provider of business solutions in
("RIOT") information technology and to
build interconnection of uniquely
identifiable embedded computing
device within existing internet
infrastructure.
Company
Proportion of
effective
interest held
On 30 May 2023, the Company had increased their investment in REDtone Engineering & Network
Services Sdn. Bhd. ("RENS") with a cash consideration of RM9.5 million. RENS has then issued and
allotted 9,500,000 new ordinary shares at RM1.00 per share to the Company.
62

---- Page 128 ----
127
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
16. Investments in subsidiaries (contd.)
Name of 2023 2022
subsidiary Country of
companies incorporation % % Principal activities
Held through STT
REDtone Mytel Sdn. Malaysia 60 60 To provide telecommunication
Bhd. ^ services.
REDtone Technology Singapore 100 100 Provision of telecommunication
Pte. Ltd. ^ related products and services.
SEA Telco Engineering Malaysia 80 80 Provision of information
Services Sdn. Bhd. technology and
("STE") telecommunication related
products and services.
Meridianotch Sdn. Bhd. ^ Malaysia 100 100 Investment holding.
Held through RENS
Bytebuilder Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 60 60 Provision of fibre optic trans-
("BBSB") ^ mission network services and
project management services
relating to telecommunications.
^ These subsidiary companies are audited by another firm of chartered accountants.
interest held
effective
Proportion of
63

---- Page 129 ----
128
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
16. Investments in subsidiaries (contd.)
(a) Subsidiary companies with material non-controlling interests
2023 2022
Name % %
STE 20 20
RDC 30 30
BBSB 40 40
STE RDC BBSB
At 30 June 2023 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Non-current assets 3,307 - -
Current assets 79,737 2,985 39
Non-current liabilities (3,002) (144) -
Current liabilities (39,899) (16,308) (3,170)
Net assets/(liabilities) 40,143 (13,467) (3,131)
Year ended 30 June 2023
Revenue 11,530 4,013 166
Loss for the financial year (7,785) (1,875) (184)
Year ended 30 June 2023
Net cash generated from/(used in):
Operating activities 2,346 751 (58)
Investing activities (3,485) - -
Financing activities 21,355 (789) -
Net change in cash and cash equivalents 20,216 (38) (58)
Equity interest held by
non-controlling interests
Summarised financial information of subsidiary companies which have non-controlling interests that
are material to the Group is set out below. The summarised financial information presented below
exclude inter-company elimination.
The Group regards the non-controlling interests of the following subsidiary companies as material to
the Group and is set out below. The equity interests held by non-controlling interests are as follows:
64

---- Page 130 ----
129
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
16. Investments in subsidiaries (contd.)
(a) Subsidiary companies with material non-controlling interests (contd.)
STE RDC BBSB
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
At 30 June 2022
Non-current assets 853 1,706 250
Current assets 208,567 3,892 199
Non-current liabilities (34) (725) -
Current liabilities (159,015) (16,465) (3,396)
Net assets/(liabilities) 50,371 (11,592) (2,947)
Year ended 30 June 2022
Revenue 40,027 3,625 2,601
Profit/(loss) for the financial year 12,207 (1,342) (2,680)
Year ended 30 June 2022
Net cash generated from/(used in):
Operating activities 11,523 821 (1,158)
Investing activities 88 - 11
Financing activities 342 (877) -
Net change in cash and cash equivalents 11,953 (56) (1,147)
17. Investments in associates
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Unquoted shares in Malaysia, at cost 3,305 3,305 3,305 3,305
Share of post-acquisition reserves (2,464) (2,464) - -
Accumulated impairment losses (841) (841) (3,305) (3,305)
- - - -
Group Company
65

---- Page 131 ----
130
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
17. Investments in associates (contd.)
Details of the associates are as follows:
Name of associated Country of 2023 2022
companies incorporation % % Principal activities
REDtone Network Malaysia 49 49 Research and development
Sdn. Bhd. ("RTN") and marketing of
communication applications.
Sea Telco Engineering Malaysia 20 20 Telecommunications and
Services (Sarawak) related services.
 Sdn. Bhd.  ("STES")
REDtone MEX Sdn. Malaysia 56 56 Building of teleconsultation/
Bhd. ("REX") teleradiology exchange and
distributing, designing and
development of information
system, mobile solutions
and healthcare solution.
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
RTN 1,035 1,031
STES 20 18
REX 7,970 7,357
The Group has not recognised losses relating to the following associates as its share of losses has
exceeded the Group’s interest in these associates. The Group’s cumulative share of unrecognised
losses at the reporting date are as follows:
interest held
The Group classifies its investment in REX as an associate notwithstanding its 56% shareholdings as
the Group only has significant influence over the investee by virtue of Board representation to participate
in the financial and operating policy decisions and not control or joint control over those policies.
Proportion of
effective
In the previous financial year, management had performed an impairment assessment on REDtone
MEX Sdn. Bhd. (“REX”) Sdn. Bhd. as it continued to be in a loss making position. Management had
determined the recoverable amount based on value in use calculation using cashflow projections from
financial budgets approved by management covering a three-year period and noted that the carrying
amount exceeded the recoverable amount. Accordingly, management recognised an impairment on the
remaining carrying amount of RM1,322,000.
66

---- Page 132 ----
131
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
17. Investments in associates (contd.)
Summarised statement of financial position of REX
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Assets and liabilities
Current assets 269 211
Non-current assets 5 11
Current liabilities (10,266) (9,120)
Net liabilities (9,992) (8,898)
Summarised statement of comprehensive income of REX
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Revenue 121 136
Loss for the financial year, representing total comprehensive
loss for the financial year (1,094) (3,954)
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Net liabilities at beginning of year (8,898) (4,944)
Loss for the year (1,094) (3,954)
Net liabilities at the end of year (9,992) (8,898)
Group's equity interest 56% 56%
Interest in associate company (5,596) (4,983)
Group's share of net liabilities 5,596 4,983
Carrying amount - -
The summarised financial information of the material associated company are as follows:
Reconciliation of the summarised financial information presented above to the carrying amount
of the Group's interest in REX:
67

---- Page 133 ----
132
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
18. Other investments
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
At fair value through other comprehensive income  ("FVTOCI")
- Shares quoted in Malaysia            27,204            38,360
- Shares quoted outside Malaysia              6,784                    -
           33,988            38,360
19. Deferred tax
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
At beginning of financial year (594) (1,485)
Recognised in the statements of profit or loss (Note 9) 2,694 891
At end of financial year 2,100 (594)
Presented in the statements of financial position as follows:
  Deferred tax assets (3,155) (594)
  Deferred tax liabilities 5,255 -
2,100 (594)
Deferred tax assets of the Group:
Provisions
Intangible  and lease
assets liabilities Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
At 1 July 2022 - (3,241)             (3,241)
Recognised in the statements of profit or loss (2,348) 2,012 (336)
At 30 June 2023 (2,348) (1,229) (3,577)
Less: Offset against deferred tax liabilities 422
(3,155)
At 1 July 2021 -                                  (4,951)             (4,951)
Recognised in the statements of profit or loss - 1,710 1,710
At 30 June 2022 - (3,241) (3,241)
Less: Offset against deferred tax liabilities 2,647
(594)
Group
Group/Company
During the financial year, the Group and the Company recognised the fair value changes of investments
classified as FVTOCI, amounting to a loss of RM7,907,000 (2022: gain of RM13,905,000) to the FVTOCI
reserve.
Further details on fair value hierarchy and classification of equity investments are disclosed in Note 34(f).
During the financial year, the Group and the Company disposed of certain equity investments as part of
their financial management plan. The fair value of the investments at the date of the disposal was
RM7,020,000, and the accumulated gain of RM3,314,000 was then transferred to retained earnings.

---- Page 134 ----
133
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
19. Deferred tax (contd.)
Deferred tax liabilities of the Group:
Property,
plant and
equipment
 and
Short term right-of-use
investments assets Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
At 1 July 2022                        - 2,647 2,647
Recognised in the statements of profit or loss 5,255 (2,225) 3,030
At 30 June 2023 5,255 422 5,677
Less: Offset against deferred tax assets (422)
5,255
At 1 July 2021                        - 3,466 3,466
Recognised in the statements of profit or loss                        - (819) (819)
At 30 June 2022 - 2,647 2,647
Less: Offset against deferred tax assets (2,647)
-
Deferred tax liabilities of the Company:
Other
investments
RM'000
At 1 July 2021/30 June 2022/1 July 2022                      -
Recognised in the statements of profit or loss 5,255
At 30 June 2023 5,255
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Unutilised tax losses 25,628 19,489 - -
Unabsorbed capital allowances 2,277 1,227 - -
Other deductible temporary
differences 16,463 20,202 - -
44,368 40,918 - -
Deferred tax assets of the Group and of the Company have not been recognised in respect of the
following items:
Group Company
At the reporting date, the Group and the Company have unutilised tax losses and unabsorbed capital
allowances that are available for offset against future taxable profits, for which no deferred tax asset is
recognised due to uncertainty of its recoverability.
69

---- Page 135 ----
134
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
19. Deferred tax (contd.)
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Within 10 years              6,139 3,719
Within 9 years              5,096 2,273
Within 8 years              2,273 2,731
Within 7 years              2,731 1,971
Within 6 years              1,971 1,885
Within 5 years              1,885 5,533
Within 4 years              5,533 -
25,628 18,112
20. Inventories
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Net realisable value
Finished goods 518 476
During the financial year, the amount of inventories recognised as an expense in cost of sales of the
Group was RM9,982,000 (2022: RM9,020,000).
Group
The unutilised tax losses at the end of the reporting period will expire as follows:
Group
The availability of the unutilised tax losses and unabsorbed capital allowances for offsetting against future
taxable profits of the Group are subject to no substantial changes in shareholdings under the Income Tax
Act, 1967 and guidelines issued by the tax authority. Other deductible temporary differences are available
indefinitely for offset against future taxable profits of the Group and of the Company.
The Malaysia Finance Act gazetted on 27 December 2018 has imposed a time limitation to restrict the
carry forward of the unutilised tax losses to seven (7) consecutive years of assessment. However, this
time limitation was extended to ten (10) consecutive years of assessment by the subsequent Malaysia
Finance Act gazetted on 31 December 2021. As such, the unutilised tax losses accumulated up to the
year of assessment 2018 are allowed to be carried forward for ten (10) consecutive years of assessment
(ie. from years of assessment 2019 to 2028) and any balance of the unutilised tax losses thereafter shall
be disregarded.
In addition, any unutilised tax losses that originated from the year of assessment 2019 onwards are
allowed to be carried forward for a maximum period of ten (10) consecutive years of assessment
immediately following that originating year of assessment and any balance of the unutilised tax losses
thereafter shall be disregarded.
70

---- Page 136 ----
135
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
21. Trade and other receivables
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Current
Trade receivables
Third parties 53,937 42,571 - -
Less: Allowance for expected
 credit loss (2,607) (4,630) - -
Trade receivables, net 51,330 37,941 - -
Current
Other receivables
Third parties 3,920 2,744 - -
Amount due from associated
companies 5,561 5,533 5,202 5,202
Amounts due from subsidiary
companies - - 41,050 62,805
Deposits 2,061 2,223 - -
Prepayments (Note 21(a)) 33,183 1,647 63 12
Sundry receivables (Note 21(b)) 7,224 219 7,020 104
51,949 12,366 53,335 68,123
Less: Allowance for expected
 credit loss (5,595) (5,574) (15,411) (15,423)
Other receivables, net 46,354 6,792 37,924 52,700
97,684 44,733 37,924 52,700
Total trade and other receivables 97,684 44,733 37,924 52,700
Add: Cash and bank balances
(Note 24) 116,989 78,318 4,961 1,337
Less: Prepayments (33,183) (1,647) (63) (12)
Total financial assets carried at
amortised cost 181,490 121,404 42,822 54,025
(a) Prepayments
(b) Sundry receivables
Group Company
Prepayments relate to advances made to suppliers for services and purchase of equipment for the
new contracts secured in the current year.
Included in sundry receivables are proceeds receivable relating to the disposal of equity investments
measured at FVTOCI amounting to RM7,020,000. Please refer to Note 18 for further details.
71

---- Page 137 ----
136
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
21. Trade and other receivables (contd.)
Ageing analysis of trade receivables
The ageing analysis of the Group’s total trade receivables are as follows:
Gross
carrying Allowance Net
amount at for expected carrying
default credit loss amount
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
2023
Current              32,251 - 32,251
1 to 30 days                2,689 - 2,689
31 to 60 days              10,702 - 10,702
61 to 90 days                1,705 - 1,705
91 to 120 days                   579 - 579
More than 121 days                6,011             (2,607) 3,404
Total 53,937 (2,607) 51,330
2022
Current              10,949 - 10,949
1 to 30 days                   293 - 293
31 to 60 days                   528 - 528
61 to 90 days              17,588 - 17,588
91 to 120 days                     94 - 94
More than 121 days              13,119 (4,630) 8,489
Total 42,571 (4,630) 37,941
The Group's trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are subject to normal trade credit terms
ranging from 30 to 60 days (2022: 30 to 60 days). They are recognised at their original invoice amounts
which represents their fair value on initial amount. More than 93% (2022: 89%) of the Group's trade
receivables arise from customers with more than 5 years of business relationship with the Group and
there is no concern on the credit-worthiness of the counterparties and the recoverability of these debts.
72

---- Page 138 ----
137
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
21. Trade and other receivables (contd.)
Movement in expected credit losses for trade and other receivables
Movement in allowance for expected credit loss:
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Trade receivables
At beginning of financial year 4,630 845 - -
Net (write back of)/allowance for
expected credit loss (Note 6) (2,011) 3,802 - -
Written off (12) (17) - -
At end of financial year 2,607 4,630 - -
Other receivables
At beginning of financial 5,574 2,048 15,423 4,392
Net allowance for/(write back of)
expected credit loss (Note 6) 21 3,526 (12) 11,031
At end of financial year 5,595 5,574 15,411* 15,423
(a) Credit risk
(b) Amounts due from subsidiary companies
(c) Amount due from associated companies
*The total of RM15,411,000 (2022: RM15,423,000) comprises of allowance for expected credit loss of
RM10,209,000 (2022: RM10,221,000) relates to amount due from subsidiary companies and
RM5,202,000 (2022: RM5,202,000) relates to amount due from associate companies.
Trade receivables that are individually determined to be impaired at the reporting date relate to debtors
that are in significant financial difficulties and have defaulted on payments. These receivables are not
secured by any collateral or credit enhancements.
The Group’s primary exposure to credit risk arises through its trade receivables. The Group’s trading
terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally for a period of one month
and each customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its
outstanding receivables and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. As at reporting
date, the concentration of credit risk in the form of outstanding balances is mainly due to two (2022:
two) customers representing approximately 83% (2022: 76%) of the total trade receivables.
Amounts due from subsidiary companies are non-trade in nature, interest-bearing at 2.75% p.a.
(2022: 2.75% p.a.), unsecured and are repayable on demand.
Amount due from associated companies are non-trade in nature, interest-bearing at 2.75% p.a.
(2022: 2.75% p.a.), unsecured and are repayable on demand.
The Group’s trade and other receivables that are impaired at the reporting date and the movement of the
allowance accounts used to record the impairment are as follows:
Group Company
73

---- Page 139 ----
138
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
22. Contract assets/liabilities
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Current
Contract assets            46,301            63,547
Contract liabilities           (49,758)             (6,223)
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Contract assets and contract liabilities
At beginning of financial year            57,324            70,297
Revenue recognised during the financial year          184,154          108,058
Billings during the financial year         (244,935)         (121,031)
At end of financial year             (3,457)            57,324
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Within one year          297,041            88,465
More than one year          410,174            44,363
         707,215          132,828
The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations as at the reporting date is as
follows:
Group
Group
Contract assets primarily relate to the Group's right to consideration for service transferred for which the
receipt of its consideration is conditional on the completion and final acceptance of the customers.
Contract assets are transferred to receivables when the right becomes unconditional.
Contract liabilities primarily relate to the Group's obligation to transfer goods or services to customers for
which the Group has received the consideration in advance or has billed the customer. Contract liabilities
are recognised as revenue as the Group performs the services under the contract.
Group
74

---- Page 140 ----
139
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
23. Short term investments
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Fair value through profit or loss
Equity instruments quoted in Malaysia 70,000 50,007
24. Cash and bank balances
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Cash in hand and at banks 86,331 49,377 2,786 351
Deposits with licensed banks 30,658 28,941 2,175 986
116,989 78,318 4,961 1,337
Less: Deposits pledged to
 licensed banks (28,483) (27,955) - -
Total cash and cash
equivalents 88,506 50,363 4,961 1,337
2023 2022
Deposits with licensed banks 2.31% 1.56%
The average maturity of deposits with licensed banks at the reporting date were as follows:
2023 2022
Days Days
Deposits with licensed banks 98 98
Other information on financial risks of cash and bank balances are disclosed in Note 34.
Group
The deposits with licensed banks are pledged or deposited to banks for bank guarantee facilities granted
to the Group.
Group Company
The interest rates per annum of deposits with licensed banks at the reporting date were as follows:
Group and Company
The above investments are in respect of a discretionary investment management agreement entered into
with a fund manager as part of the Group's short term cash management fund purposes.
Further details on fair value hierarchy and classification of equity instruments are disclosed in Note 34(f).
Group
75

---- Page 141 ----
140
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
25. Share capital
Issued and fully paid-up:
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Ordinary shares
At beginning and end of financial
   year 782,453,885 782,453,885 149,813 149,813
26. Treasury shares
Details of the shares repurchased and retained as treasury shares were as follows:
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
At beginning and end of
financial year 9,502,000 9,502,000 5,653 5,653
27. Reserves
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Retained profits/(accumulated
losses) 101,086 54,220 (16,811) (46,190)
Foreign exchange reserve        (a) (662) (663) - -
Revaluation reserve        (b) 641 641 - -
FVTOCI reserve        (c) 8,530 19,751 8,530 19,751
109,595 73,949 (8,281) (26,439)
(a) Foreign exchange reserve
Number of shares Amount
Group Company
Foreign exchange reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation of the
financial statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the
Group's presentation currency.
During the financial year, the Company did not buy back any of its own shares.
Number of shares Amount
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are
entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to
the Company’s residual assets.
Group/Company
Group/Company

---- Page 142 ----
141
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
27. Reserves (contd.)
(b) Revaluation reserve
(c) FVTOCI reserve
28. Loans and borrowings
2023 2022
Maturity RM'000 RM'000
Current
Secured:
Term loans:-
Fixed loan 1 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2024 15 14
Fixed loan 2 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2024 35 33
Refinancing loan 1 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2024 12 11
Refinancing loan 2 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2024 28 27
Refinancing loan 3 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2024 12 12
102 97
Non-current
Secured:
Term loans:-
Fixed loan 1 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2025 - 2029 155 170
Fixed loan 2 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2025 - 2029 365 400
Refinancing loan 1 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2025 - 2029 138 150
Refinancing loan 2 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2025 - 2029 315 343
Refinancing loan 3 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 2025 - 2029 139 150
1,112 1,213
Total loans and borrowings
Secured:
Fixed loan 1 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 170 184
Fixed loan 2 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 400 433
Refinancing loan 1 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 150 161
Refinancing loan 2 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 343 370
Refinancing loan 3 at BLR -1.65% p.a. 151 162
1,214 1,310
FVTOCI reserve relates to the fair value changes of investments classified as FVTOCI as disclosed
in Note 18.
Group
The revaluation reserve arose from the revaluation of office lots when the office lots were transferred
from property, plant and equipment to investment properties.
77

---- Page 143 ----
142
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
28. Loans and borrowings (contd.)
The remaining maturities of the loans and borrowings as at the reporting date are as follows:
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
On demand or within one year 102 97
More than 1 year and less than 2 years 107 102
More than 2 years and less than 5 years 297 219
5 years or more 708 892
1,214 1,310
Term loans
The term loans are secured by:
(i)
(ii) a corporate guarantee provided by the Company.
The repayment terms of the term loans are as follows:
Fixed loan 1 at effective interest rate of 4.07%
 per annum
Fixed loan 2 at effective interest rate of 4.07%
 per annum
Refinancing loan 1 at effective interest rate of 4.07%
 per annum
Refinancing loan 2 at effective interest rate of 4.07%
 per annum
Refinancing loan 3 at effective interest rate of 4.07%
 per annum
Repayable in 240 monthly instalments of
RM4,428, effective June 2009.
Repayable in 240 monthly instalments of
RM1,538, effective September 2009.
Repayable in 240 monthly instalments of
RM3,635, effective September 2009.
Repayable in 240 monthly instalments of
RM1,604, effective September 2009.
Group
a first party legal charge over the Group’s office lots as disclosed in Note 12 and Note 13; and
Repayable in 240 monthly instalments of
RM1,881, effective June 2009.
78

---- Page 144 ----
143
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
29. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
Carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the financial year:
At beginning of At end of
financial year Additions Depreciation Impairment financial year
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
At 30 June 2023
Leasehold office lots 366 - (14) - 352
Warehouse and sites 1,567 1,836 (1,432) (207) 1,764
Equipment and machinery 534 98 (572) - 60
Computer servers 869 - (372) (497) -
Total 3,336 1,934 (2,390) (704) 2,176
At 30 June 2022
Leasehold office lots 380 - (14) - 366
Warehouse and sites 4,440 244 (3,117) - 1,567
Equipment and machinery 1,394 2,367 (2,662) (565) 534
Motor vehicles 3 - (3) - -
Computer servers 1,669 - (515) (285) 869
Total 7,886 2,611 (6,311) (850) 3,336
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
At beginning of financial year 3,644 7,428
Additions 1,934 2,611
Accretion of interest 168 419
Lease payments (2,971) (6,814)
At end of financial year 2,775 3,644
Analysed as:
- Current 1,228 2,568
- Non-current 1,547 1,076
2,775 3,644
Group
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities recognised and the movements during the
financial year.
The Group has total cash outflow for leases including short-term and low-value lease amounting to
RM4,046,000 (2022: RM7,789,000).
79

---- Page 145 ----
144
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Trade and other payables
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Non-current
Other payable
Sundry payables (Note 30(d)) 23,056 - - -
Current
Trade payables
Third parties 12,838 2,506 - -
Accruals 32,724 43,000 - -
45,562 45,506 - -
Other payables
Amounts due to subsidiary
companies - - 24,483 33,762
Provision for Universal Service
Fund Contribution ("USOF")
(Note 30(c)) 7,010 6,122 - -
Accruals 4,823 4,833 127 138
Deposits payable 1,740 1,796 - -
Sundry payables (Note 30(d)) 24,402 1,538 63 217
37,975 14,289 24,673 34,117
Total current 83,537 59,795 24,673 34,117
Total trade and other payables 106,593 59,795 24,673 34,117
Add: loans and borrowings
(Note 28) 1,214 1,310 - -
Add: lease liabilities
(Note 29) 2,775 3,644 - -
Less: provision for USOF (7,010) (6,122) - -
Total financial liabilities carried
   at amortised cost 103,572 58,627 24,673 34,117
(a) Trade payables
(b) Amounts due to subsidiary companies
Trade payables are interest-bearing and the normal trade credit terms granted to the Group range
from 30 to 60 (2022: 30 to 60) days.
Amounts due to subsidiary companies are non-trade in nature, interest-bearing at 2.75% p.a. (2022:
2.75% p.a.), unsecured and are repayable on demand.
Group Company
80

---- Page 146 ----
145
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
30. Trade and other payables (contd.)
(c) Provision for USOF
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
At beginning of financial year 6,122 6,671
Recognised in the statements of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income (Note 6) 1,271 1,095
Payment (383) (1,644)
At end of financial year 7,010 6,122
(d) Sundry payables
31. Commitment
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Capital commitment
Approved and contracted for:
- Property, plant and equipment 459 208
32. Guarantees
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Performance bonds in favour of various government and statutory
bodies and private companies 153,632 38,707
Group
In accordance with the Communications and Multimedia (Universal Service Provision) Regulations
2002, a licensee whose revenue exceeds RM2,000,000 (derived from the designated services as
specified in the Return of Net Revenue), shall contribute 6% of its total weighted net revenue to the
USOF.
Group
Group
The Company provided corporate guarantees amounting to RM154,846,000 (2022: RM40,017,000) to
certain financial institutions for credit facilities (including the performance bonds above) granted to its
subsidiary companies. The Company has assessed and regarded that the credit enhancements provided
by these guarantees are minimal. As such, the Company did not ascribe any values to these corporate
guarantees.
Sundry payables relate to annual fees payable to the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia
Commission ("MCMC") in relation to the 2600 SA and 2300 SA. Further details of the 2600 SA and
2300 SA is disclosed in Note 14.
81

---- Page 147 ----
146
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Related party disclosures
Note 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Revenue:
Wireless broadband:
 - BCorp b 23 28
 - Berjaya Land Berhad c 23 23
 - Berjaya Sompo Insurance Berhad d 967 1,048
 - Sports Toto Berhad c 23 23
 - Berjaya Starbucks Coffee Company Sdn. Bhd. c 8 9
 - Berjaya Waterfront Sdn. Bhd. e 62 62
 - Inter-Pacific Securities Sdn. Bhd. c 49 72
 - Qinetics Services Sdn. Bhd. a 6 6
 - Sun Media Corporation Sdn. Bhd. f 70 70
 - Singer (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. a 6 6
 - The Taaras Beach & Spa Resort (Redang) Sdn.
      Bhd. c 248 183
 - Berjaya Hills Resort Berhad c 474 -
 - BTS Hotel Sdn. Bhd. c 16 -
Corporate voice:
 - BCorp b 26 27
 - Berjaya Sompo Insurance Berhad d 1 1
 - Cempaka Properties Sdn. Bhd. c 1 -
 - Singer (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. a 34 15
 - STM Lottery Sdn. Bhd. c 5 5
 - U Mobile Sdn. Bhd. a 32 45
Data centre services:
 - Berjaya Sompo Insurance Berhad d - 91
 - Singer (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. a 90 80
 - BLoyalty Sdn. Bhd. c 1,359 1,475
 - Qinetics MSP Sdn. Bhd. a 51 51
Managed Telecommunications Network Services
 - U Mobile Sdn. Bhd. a 22,497 136
Other income:
Interest income from associates:
 - REX - 55
 - STES - 1
Expenses:
Qinetics Services Sdn. Bhd. a
 - Hardware maintenance 86 88
BCorp b
 - Management fees 60 60
Berjaya Registration Services Sdn. Bhd. c
 - Share registration 88 63
In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group and
the Company had the following transactions with related parties during the financial year:
Group

---- Page 148 ----
147
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Related party disclosures (contd.)
Note 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Expenses (contd.):
Berjaya Sompo Insurance Berhad d
 - General insurance 229 206
 - Group hospital and surgical - 31
Berjaya Times Square Sdn. Bhd. e
 - Rental co-location 73 73
E.V.A. Management Sdn. Bhd. c
 - Management fee 32 42
U Mobile Sdn. Bhd. a
 - Staff handphone charges 91 98
 - Interconnect charges 74 84
BLoyalty Sdn. Bhd. c
 - Equipment rental 30 40
 - E-Voucher 29 -
Sun Media Corporation Sdn. Bhd. f
 - Advertisement 53 -
Berjaya Construction Berhad c
 - Provision of civil engineering contracting works 24,899 -
Inter-Pacific Securities Sdn. Bhd. c
 - Brokerage fees 9 -
Berjaya Hartanah Berhad c
 - Room rental 14 -
Note 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Other income:
Interest income from subsidiaries and associates:
 - RIOT - 65
 - RTC 629 584
 - RDC - 50
 - REX - 50
 - STT - 8
Expenses:
Interest charged by subsidiary:
 - STE 693 967
 - RENS 52 -
 - STT 7 -
Management fees:
 - BCorp b 60 60
Administrative support cost:
 - RTC 5 5
Group
In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group and
the Company had the following transactions with related parties during the financial year: (contd.)
Company

---- Page 149 ----
148
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
33. Related party disclosures (contd.)
The relationships of the related party transactions are as follows:
(a)
(b) Ultimate holding company of the Company;
(c) Related companies other than subsidiary companies of the Company;
(d) Associate company of BCorp Group;
(e)
(f)
Compensation of key management personnel
The remuneration of key management personnel during the financial year was as follows:
2023 2022 2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Short-term employee benefits                 6,480                6,185                 752                 858
34. Financial instruments
(a) Financial risk management objectives and policies
(b) Interest rate risk
The Group and the Company are exposed to financial risks arising from their operations and the use
of financial instruments. The key financial risks include interest rate risk, foreign currency risk,
liquidity risk, and credit risk.
The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies and procedures for the management of these
risks, which are executed by the management. The audit committee provides independent oversight
to the effectiveness of the risk management process.
A subsidiary company of Berjaya Assets Berhad (“BASSET"). TSVT is a substantial shareholder of
BASSET; and
Subsidiary company of Berjaya Media Berhad, a company in which BCorp and TSVT have
substantial interests.
Company
Included in compensation for key management personnel of the Group are directors' remuneration
amounting to RM2,868,000 (2022: RM2,872,000) as disclosed in Note 8.
Group
A company in which Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Vincent Tan Chee Yioun (“TSVT”), a substantial shareholder
of the Company, has deemed interests;
It is, and has been throughout the current and previous financial year, the Group’s policy that no
derivatives shall be undertaken.
The following sections provide details regarding the Group’s and the Company’s exposure to the
above-mentioned financial risks and the objectives, policies and processes for the management of
these risks.
Interest rate risk is the risk that the future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
of changes in market interest rates. Fair value interest rate risks is the risk that the value of a
financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates. The Group’s exposure to
interest rate risk arises mainly from interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities. The Group’s
policy is to obtain the most favourable interest rates available. Any surplus funds of the Group will be
placed with licensed financial institutions to generate interest income.

---- Page 150 ----
149
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Financial instruments (contd.)
(b) Interest rate risk (contd.)
Within 1-2 2-5 Over 5
WAEIR 1 year years years years Total
Note % RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
At 30 June 2023
Loans and borrowings 28 5.07%                102              107              297 708 1,214
Lease liability 29 6.99%             1,228              391              505 651 2,775
Deposits with licensed banks 24 2.31% 30,658 - - - 30,658
At 30 June 2022
Loans and borrowings 28 4.07%                  97              102              219 892 1,310
Lease liability 29 6.99%             2,568              914              162 - 3,644
Deposits with licensed banks 24 1.56% 28,941 - - - 28,941
The Group has minimal exposure to interest rate risk at the reporting date. The following table sets out the carrying amounts, the weighted average
effective interest rates ("WAEIR") as at the reporting date and the remaining maturities of the Group’s and of the Company’s financial instruments that are
exposed to interest rate risk:
85

---- Page 151 ----
150
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Financial instruments (contd.)
(b) Interest rate risk (contd.)
Within
WAEIR 1 year
Note % RM'000
Company
At 30 June 2023
Deposits with licensed banks 24 2.31% 2,175
At 30 June 2022
Deposits with licensed banks 24 1.56% 986
86

---- Page 152 ----
151
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Financial instruments (contd.)
(c) Foreign currency risk
The Group's exposure to foreign currency is as follows:
USD
RM'000
Group
At 30 June 2023
Financial assets
Trade receivables 8
Cash and bank balances 2,827
2,835
Financial liabilities
Trade payables (7,498)
Other payables and accruals (24)
(7,522)
Net financial liabilities       (4,687)
At 30 June 2022
Financial assets
Trade receivables 123
Cash and bank balances 1,983
2,106
Financial liabilities
Trade payables (28)
Other payables and accruals (22)
(50)
Net financial assets        2,056
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on transactions and balances that are denominated
in currencies other than Ringgit Malaysia. The currency giving rise to this risk is primarily United
States Dollar ("USD"). The Group's exposure of sensitivity of other foreign currencies risk is
insignificant. Foreign currency risk is monitored closely on an ongoing basis to ensure that the net
exposure is at an acceptable level.
87

---- Page 153 ----
152
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Financial instruments (contd.)
(c) Foreign currency risk (contd.)
Sensitivity analysis for foreign currency risk
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
(Decrease)/ Increase/
increase (decrease)
in profit in profit
before tax before tax
USD/RM - strengthened 5% (234) 103
- weakened 5% 234 (103)
(d) Liquidity risk
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group’s profit before tax to a reasonably
possible change in the foreign currency exchange rates against the functional currencies of the
Group entities, with all other variables held constant.
Group
The Group manages its debt maturity profile, operating cash flows and the availability of funding so
as to ensure that refinancing, repayment and funding needs are met. As part of its overall liquidity
management, the Group maintains sufficient levels of cash or cash convertible investments to meet
its working capital requirements. In addition, the Group strives to maintain available banking facilities
at a reasonable level to its overall debt position. As far as possible, the Group raises committed
funding from both capital markets and financial institutions and balances its portfolio with someshort-
term funding so as to achieve overall cost effectiveness.
88

---- Page 154 ----
153
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Financial instruments (contd.)
(d) Liquidity risk (contd.)
On demand
within 1 – 5 Over 5
1 year years years Total
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Group
30 June 2023
Loans and borrowings 157 610           708 1,475
Lease liabilities 1,364 1,166           727 3,257
Trade and other payables 76,527 23,850               - 100,377
Total undiscounted financial liabilities 78,048 25,626 1,435 105,109
30 June 2022
Loans and borrowings 157 471 993 1,621
Lease liabilities 2,700 1,112               - 3,812
Trade and other payables 53,673               -               - 53,673
Total undiscounted financial liabilities 56,530 1,583 993 59,106
Company
30 June 2023
Other payables and accruals,
representing total undiscounted
financial liabilities 24,673               -               - 24,673
30 June 2022
Other payables and accruals,
representing total undiscounted
financial liabilities 34,117               -               - 34,117
(e) Credit risk
The Group’s exposure to credit risk, or the risk of counterparties defaulting, arises mainly from
trade receivables and contract assets. The Group manages its exposure to credit risk by the
application of credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring procedures on an ongoing basis. For
other financial assets (including quoted investments and cash and bank balances), the Group
minimises credit risk by dealing exclusively with high credit rating counterparties. The group has
assessed that the credit risk from these financial instruments are low.
The Group establishes an allowance for ECL that represents the estimate of impairment in respect
of the trade and other receivables, and contract assets. The main components of this allowance
are a specific loss component that relates to individually significant exposures, and a collective loss
component established for groups of similar assets in respect of losses that have been incurred
but not yet identified. Expected credit losses are estimated by management based on prior
experience and the current economic environment.

---- Page 155 ----
154
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Financial instruments (contd.)
(e) Credit risk (contd.)
Exposure to credit risk
Credit risk concentration profile
(f) Fair values
Level 1 Level 3
RM'000 RM'000
Group
2023
Financial asset at FVTOCI
Other investments (Note 18)            33,988                      -
Financial asset at FVTPL
Short term investment (Note 23)            70,000                      -
Investment properties (Note 13)                      -              1,200
2022
Financial asset at FVTOCI
Other investments (Note 18)            38,360                      -
Financial asset at FVTPL
Short term investment (Note 23)            50,007                      -
Investment properties (Note 13)                      -              1,180
Further details on credit risk exposure from trade and other receivable, and contract asset is
disclosed in Note 21 and Note 22, respectively.
As the Group does not hold any collateral, the maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the
carrying amount of the financial assets (net of allowance for ECL) as at the end of the reporting date.
The Group’s major concentration of credit risk relates to the amounts owing by two (2022: two)
customers which constituted approximately 83% (2022: 76%) of its trade receivables at the end of
the reporting date.
The following table shows an analysis of the financial instrument measured at fair value at the
reporting date according to the level in the fair value hierachy:
90

---- Page 156 ----
155
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
34. Financial instruments (contd.)
(f) Fair values (contd.)
Level 1
RM'000
Company
2023
Financial asset at FVTOCI
Other investments (Note 18)            33,988
Financial asset at FVTPL
Short term investment (Note 23)            70,000
2022
Financial asset at FVTOCI
Other investments (Note 18)            38,360
Financial asset at FVTPL
Short term investment (Note 23)            50,007
Determination of fair value
There are no liabilities measured at fair value.
Note
Trade and other receivables 21
Cash and bank balances 24
Loans and borrowings 28
Trade and other payables 30
Other investments and short term investment relate to quoted equity instruments in Malaysia and
outside Malaysia, where the fair values of the investment are determined using market observable
inputs.
There have been no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the financial year.
The following are classes of financial instruments that are not carried at fair value and whose
carrying amounts are reasonable approximation of fair value:
The carrying amounts of these financial assets and liabilities are reasonable approximation of fair
values due to their short-term nature or that they are floating rate instruments that are re-priced to
market interest rates on or near the reporting date.
The following table shows an analysis of the financial instrument measured at fair value at the
reporting date according to the level in the fair value hierachy: (contd.)
91

---- Page 157 ----
156
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
35. Capital management
36. Segment information
Total External
operating Inter- operating
revenue segment revenue
RM'000 RM'000 RM'000
Revenue
2023
Telecommunications services            109,270             (2,951)          106,319
Managed telecommunications network services            181,487           (78,056)          103,431
Cloud and Internet of Things                6,364             (1,460)              4,904
           297,121           (82,467)          214,654
2022
Telecommunications services              76,683             (3,016)            73,667
Managed telecommunications network services            144,326           (64,274)            80,052
Cloud and Internet of Things                5,055                (732)              4,323
           226,064           (68,022)          158,042
The Group manages its capital based on debt-to-equity ratio that complies with debt covenants, if any.
The debt-to-equity ratio is calculated as total net borrowings from financial institutions divided by total
equity.
The debt-to-equity ratio of the Group at the end of the reporting period is not presented as its cash and
bank balances exceeded the total borrowings from financial institutions.
Operating segments are prepared in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
Group Executive Committee as its chief operating decision maker in order to allocate resources to
segments and to assess their performance. For management purposes, the Group is organised into
business units based on their products and services provided.
The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities within the Group will be able to maintain an optimal
capital structure so as to support their businesses and maximise shareholders’ value. To achieve this
objective, the Group may make adjustments to the capital structure in view of changes in economic
conditions, such as adjusting the amount of dividend payment, returning of capital to shareholders or
issuing new shares.
While the operating results are monitored based on the respective segments (ie. telecommunications
services, MTNS and Cloud and IoT), the statement of financial position is monitored as a whole by the
Group Executive Committee. The Group operates mainly in Malaysia and therefore no geographical
segmental information is presented.
92

---- Page 158 ----
157
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
36. Segment information (contd.)
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Results
Telecommunications services            28,471            30,259
Managed telecommunications network services            30,642            31,378
Cloud and Internet of Things             (5,462)             (4,288)
           53,651            57,349
Indirect corporate expenses             (2,212)             (1,742)
Profit from operations            51,439            55,607
Investment related income            27,210              5,466
Investment related expenses                  (22)             (3,526)
Finance costs             (3,634)             (1,079)
Profit before tax            74,993            56,468
Taxation           (19,814)           (15,992)
Profit after tax            55,179            40,476
Assets Liabilities
Assets and liabilities RM'000 RM'000
2023
Telecommunications services            52,301          116,898
Managed telecommunications network services          282,178          174,604
Cloud and Internet of Things            16,115            29,991
Inter-segment elimination         (230,015)         (190,728)
120,579 130,765
Unallocated items          305,533            38,598
Total assets and liabilities          426,112          169,363
2022
Telecommunications services            34,422            99,512
Managed telecommunications network services          306,853          172,305
Cloud and Internet of Things            12,934            25,007
Inter-segment elimination         (282,915)         (247,322)
71,294 49,502
Unallocated items          226,673            25,076
Total assets and liabilities          297,967            74,578
Major customers
Revenue from two (2022: two) major customers amounted to RM69,509,000 and RM56,499,000 (2022:
RM61,052,000 and RM32,826,000) respectively, arising from managed telecommunications network
services and telecommunications services segments.
93

---- Page 159 ----
158
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
Notes to the Financial Statements
30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)
 200201028701 (596364-U)
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
37. Dividend
2023 2022
RM'000 RM'000
Recognised during the financial year:
In respect of prior year,
Interim tax exempt (single-tier) dividend of 1.8 sen per share
approved in respect of financial year ended 30 June 2022
(2021: 1.8 sen per share) 13,913 13,913
On 24 August 2023, the Directors declared an interim dividend of 2.5 sen per ordinary share amounting to
RM19,323,797 in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2023 payable on 16 October 2023. The
financial statements for the current financial year do not reflect this dividend. This dividend will be
accounted for in equity as an appropriation of retained earnings in the financial year ending 30 June 2024.
94

---- Page 160 ----
159
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
200201028701 (596364-U)
Independent auditors’ report to the members of
REDtone Digital Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of REDtone Digital Berhad, which comprise the
statements of financial position as at 30 June 2023 of the Group and of the Company, and
statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, statements of changes in
equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the year then
ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies, as set out on pages 73 to 158.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the
financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 30 June 2023, and of their
financial performance and their cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with
Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and
the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and
International Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of
our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Independence and other ethical responsibilities
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on
Professional Ethics, Conduct and Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“By-
Laws”) and the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
International Independence Standards) (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code.
95
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
To the Members of REDtone Digital Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia)

---- Page 161 ----
160
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
200201028701 (596364-U)
Independent auditors’ report to the members of
REDtone Digital Berhad (contd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
Key audit matters
Revenue recognition
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most
significance in our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the
current year. We have determined that there are no key audit matters to communicate in our
report on the financial statements of the Company. The key matters for the audit of the
financial statements of the Group are described below. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the financial statements of the Group as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that
context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit
of the financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters.
Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of
our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below,
provide the basis of our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.
(a) Revenue recognition on telecommunication services
Refer to Note 2.4.20(i) – Revenue Recognition (Telecommunication Services Revenue)
and Note 3 – Revenue.
Revenue from telecommunication services recognised by the Group during the year
amounted to RM48,234,000 representing 22% of the total revenue of the Group. The
Group relies on complex information technology systems in accounting for its
telecommunication revenue. Such information systems process large volumes of data,
which consist of individually low value transactions.
The above factors give rise to a higher risk of material misstatement in the timing and
amount of the recognition of revenue from telecommunication services. Accordingly,
we identified this as an area of focus.
96
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the Members of REDtone Digital Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia) 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 162 ----
161
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
200201028701 (596364-U)
Independent auditors’ report to the members of
REDtone Digital Berhad (contd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
Key audit matters (contd.)
Revenue recognition (contd.)
- Involved our information technology specialists to test the operating
effectiveness of the automated controls over the billing system. We also tested
the accuracy of the data interface between the billing system and the general
ledger;
- Tested the effectiveness of the non-automated controls to ensure the accuracy
of revenue recognised, including timely updating of approved rate changes to the
billing system;
- Evaluated management’s estimate of unbilled revenue by comparing such
amount to the billings raised subsequent to the reporting period;
- Performed a three-way correlation between receivables, revenue and cash and
bank balances using data analytics; and
- Performed cut-off procedures to determine if revenue is recorded in the correct
accounting period.
(a) Revenue recognition for telecommunication services (contd.)
Our audit sought to place a high level of reliance on the Group’s information technology
systems and key controls that management relies on in recording telecommunication
revenue, where we:
97
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the Members of REDtone Digital Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia) 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 163 ----
162
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
200201028701 (596364-U)
Independent auditors’ report to the members of
REDtone Digital Berhad (contd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
Key audit matters (contd.)
Revenue recognition (contd.)
(b) Revenue recognition from Managed Telecommunications Network Services (“MTNS”) -
Construction and maintenance and support services of telecommunication
infrastructure and Universal Service Provision ("USP") sites
Refer to Note 2.4.20(ii) –Revenue Recognition (Managed Telecommunications Network
Services - Construction and maintenance and support services of telecommunication
infrastructure and Universal Service Provision ("USP") sites) and Note 3 - Revenue.
The Group is involved in a number of significant long-term construction and
maintenance and support services of telecommunication infrastructure and USP sites
which span more than one accounting period. Revenues from these long-
term contracts amount to RM103,431,000, representing 48% of the Group’s total
revenue.
The Group recognises revenue for construction and maintenance and support services
of telecommunication infrastructure and USP sites  over time and uses the input
method in measuring progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance
obligation.
We focused on this area because of the significance of the total revenue recognised
during the year and for construction of telecommunication infrastructure revenue, it
involves management judgement and estimates, particularly in the determination of
the stage of completion and total estimated contract costs (which forms part of the
computation of percentage of completion).
98
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the Members of REDtone Digital Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia) 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 164 ----
163
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
200201028701 (596364-U)
Independent auditors’ report to the members of
REDtone Digital Berhad (contd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
Key audit matters (contd.)
Revenue recognition (contd.)
In addressing this area of focus:
- We read the contracts to obtain an understanding of the specific terms and
conditions;
- We obtained an understanding of the Group’s internal controls over the
accuracy and timing of revenue recognition including controls performed by
management in estimating the total estimated contract cost;
- We evaluated the assumptions applied in estimating the estimated cost and
examined documentary evidence such as letter of awards issued to contractors,
on a sampling basis;
- We reviewed and recomputed the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
performance obligation using the input method, including tracing of the actual
costs incurred to date to sub-contractors’ claims and invoices;
- For construction contracts, we discussed the progress of projects with project
leaders and corroborated the information gathered from these discussions with
letters of award and User Acceptance Forms acknowledged by customers; and
- For maintenance revenue, we reviewed the performance of the maintenance
and support services to evidence such as acknowledgement by customers.
(b) Revenue recognition from Managed Telecommunications Network Services (“MTNS”) -
Construction and maintenance and support services of telecommunication
infrastructure and Universal Service Provision ("USP") sites (contd.)
99
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the Members of REDtone Digital Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia) 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 165 ----
164
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
200201028701 (596364-U)
Independent auditors’ report to the members of
REDtone Digital Berhad (contd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
Information other than the financial statements and auditors’ report thereon
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other
information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include
the financial statements of the Group and of the Company and our auditors’ report thereon,
which is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditors' report.
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the
other information and we will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company,
our responsibility is to read the other information identified above when it becomes
available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the financial statements of the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in
the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to
the date of this auditors’ report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.
When we read the annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement
therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the directors of the Company and
take appropriate action.
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of financial statements of
the Group and of the Company that give a true and fair view in accordance with Malaysian
Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the
requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. The directors are also responsible for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
financial statements of the Group and of the Company that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
100
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the Members of REDtone Digital Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia) 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 166 ----
165
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
200201028701 (596364-U)
Independent auditors’ report to the members of
REDtone Digital Berhad (contd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of
the Group and of the Company as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on
Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and
International Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the
Group and of the Company, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud
may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the Company’s
internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements (contd.)
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the directors are
responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the
Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
101
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the Members of REDtone Digital Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia) 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 167 ----
166
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
200201028701 (596364-U)
Independent auditors’ report to the members of
REDtone Digital Berhad (contd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and
International Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: (contd.)
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s or
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the
related disclosures in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company or, if
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Group or the Company to cease to continue as a
going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of
the Group and of the Company, including the disclosures, and whether the financial
statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying transactions and
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial
statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
102
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the Members of REDtone Digital Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia) 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 168 ----
167
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
200201028701 (596364-U)
Independent auditors’ report to the members of
REDtone Digital Berhad (contd.)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Report on the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (contd.)
Ernst & Young PLT Chong Tse Heng
202006000003 (LLP0022760-LCA) & AF 0039 No. 03179/05/2025 J
Chartered Accountants Chartered Accountant
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
10 October 2023
From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were
of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the
Company for the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, we report that
the subsidiaries of which we have not acted as auditors, is disclosed in Note 16 to the
financial statements.
Other matters
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with
Section 266 of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.
103
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the Members of REDtone Digital Berhad (Incorporated in Malaysia) 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 169 ----
168
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
LIST OF PROPERTIES
As at 30 June 2023
Beneficial Owner/
Location
Description/ 
Existing Use
Land/
Built-Up
Area
(square
meters)
Tenure 
Leasehold/ 
Freehold
Approx.
Age of 
Building 
(Years)
Carrying
Amount
as at
30 june 2023
(RM’000)
Date of 
Valuation/ 
Effective 
Year of 
Purchase
REDtone 
Telecommunications 
Sdn Bhd (“RTC”)/
Unit No: 6-12,
Storey: 6th, Pusat 
Perdagangan KLH 
Menara KLH, 
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47170 Puchong, 
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Office/	
Vacant
N/A/
86.0 
Leasehold 
99 years 
expiring on 
22 Nov 
2094
25 76 30 July 
2023/
10 Feb 
1999 
RTC/
Unit No: 6-13,
Storey: 6th, Pusat 
Perdagangan KLH 
Menara KLH, 
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47170 Puchong, 
Selangor Darul Ehsan  
Office/	
Vacant
N/A/
117.0 
Leasehold 
99 years 
expiring on 
22 Nov
2094
25 80 N/A/
10 Feb
1999
RTC/
Unit No: 6-13A,
Storey: 6th, Pusat 
Perdagangan KLH 
Menara KLH, 
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47170 Puchong, 
Selangor Darul Ehsan 
Office/	
Vacant
N/A/
94.0
Leasehold 
99 years 
expiring on
22 Nov
2094
25 97 N/A/
10 Feb 
1999 
RTC/
Unit No: 6-16,
Storey: 6th, Pusat 
Perdagangan KLH 
Menara KLH, 
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47170 Puchong, 
Selangor Darul Ehsan 
Office/	
Vacant
N/A/
129.0
                                    
Leasehold 
99 years 
expiring on 
22 Nov 
2094
25 99 N/A/
10 Feb 
1999 
RTC/
Unit No: 26 
Storey: 2nd, Pusat 
Perdagangan	IOI	
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47100 Puchong,
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Office/
Tenanted
N/A/
137.0
                                                                                                                                                      
                                
Freehold 26 600 30 Jun 
2023/
1 Mar 
2005
RTC/
Unit No: 27
Storey: 2nd, Pusat 
Perdagangan	IOI	
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47100 Puchong,
Selangor Darul Ehsan 
Office/
Occupied
N/A/
314.0
 
Freehold                                                                                                                                            26 836 30 Apr 
2009/
1 Mar 
2005

---- Page 170 ----
169
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Beneficial Owner/
Location
Description/ 
Existing Use
Land/
Built-Up
Area
(square
meters)
Tenure 
Leasehold/ 
Freehold
Approx.
Age of 
Building 
(Years)
Carrying
Amount
as at
30 june 2022
(RM’000)
Date of 
Valuation/ 
Effective 
Year of 
Purchase
RTC/
Unit No: 26 
Storey: 3rd, Pusat 
Perdagangan	IOI
Bandar Puchong Jaya,
47100 Puchong,
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Office/
Tenanted
N/A/
137.0
Freehold 26 600 30 Jun 
2022/
16 Feb 
2009
RTC/
Unit No: 27
Storey: 3rd, Pusat 
Perdagangan	IOI
Bandar Puchong Jaya,
47100 Puchong,
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Office/
Occupied
N/A/
300.0
Freehold 26 622 30 Jun 
2023/
16 Feb 
2009
RTC/
Unit No: 23 
Storey: 4th, Pusat 
Perdagangan	IOI	
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47100 Puchong,
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Office/
Occupied
N/A/
120.0
                                               
Freehold 26 161 30 Jun 
2023/
28 Mar 
2005
RTC/
Unit No: 24 
Storey: 4th, Pusat 
Perdagangan	IOI	
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47100 Puchong,
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Office/
Occupied
N/A/
145.0
                                                                                  
Freehold 26 204 N/A/
21 Jun 
2005
RTC/
Unit No: 24, 25, 26, 27, 
28,	29	&	30
Storey: 5th, Pusat 
Perdagangan	IOI	
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47100 Puchong,
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Office/
Occupied
N/A/
1,144
                                                                                                                                                      
                                          
Freehold 26 1,428 N/A/
29 Mar 
2004
RTC/
Unit No: 28 
Storey: 6th, Pusat 
Perdagangan	IOI	
Bandar Puchong Jaya, 
47100 Puchong,
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Office/
Occupied	
N/A/
142.0
                                                     
Freehold 26 515 31 Mar 
2018/
7 July 
2005
List of Properties
As at 30 June 2023 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 171 ----
170
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
As at 29 September 2023
Total Number of Issued Shares : 772,951,885 (excluding 9,502,000 Treasury Shares)
Class of Shares :	 Ordinary	Shares
Voting rights :	 One	(1)	vote	per	ordinary	share
 
 No. of  % of Total No. of % of
 Size of shareholdings Shareholders  Shareholders Shares Held Issued Capital
Less than 100 shares 302 5.436 8,297 0.001
100	–	1,000	shares	 687	 12.365	 334,748	 0.043
1,001	–	10,000	shares	 2,472	 44.492	 14,054,904	 1.818
10,001	–	100,000	shares	 1,702	 30.634	 58,239,158	 7.535
100,001	–	less	than	5%	of	issued	shares	 389	 7.001	 352,314,778	 45.581
5%	and	above	of	issued	shares	 4	 0.072	 348,000,000	 45.022
TOTAL	 5,556	 100.000	 772,951,885#	 100.000
#		excluded	9,502,000	shares	bought	back	and	retained	as	Treasury	Shares
DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS
  No. of Shares Held  
 No. Name Direct % Indirect %
1 YAM Tunku Tun Aminah 
	 	 Binti	Sultan	Ibrahim	Ismail	 –	 –	 –	 –
2	 Lau	Bik	Soon	 2,810,360	 0.36	 –	 –
3	 Kua	Choo	Kai	 –	 –	 –	 –
4	 Dato’	Mohd	Zaini	Bin	Hassan	 20,000	 #	 –	 –
5 Dato’ Avinderjit Singh 
	 	 A/L	Harjit	Singh	 –	 –	 –	 –
6	 Loh	Paik	Yoong	 –	 –	 –	 –
7 Dato’ Sri Badrul Hisham 
	 	 Bin	Abdul	Aziz	 –	 –	 –	 –
     
Notes:
#	negligible
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ SHAREHOLDINGS
 No. of Shares Held
 No. Name Direct % Indirect %
1 Juara Sejati Sdn Bhd 336,032,692 43.47 21,232,000(1) 2.75
2	 Berjaya	Group	Berhad	 –	 –	 366,864,692 (2) 47.46
3	 Berjaya	Corporation	Berhad	 –	 –	 366,864,692 (3) 47.46
4	 DYMM	Sultan	Ibrahim	Johor	 134,000,000	 17.34	 –	 –
     
Notes:
1. Deemed interested by virtue of its interests in Berjaya Land Berhad, which has indirect interests in Berjaya 
Philippines Inc., and Berjaya Capital Berhad, which has direct interests in Prime Credit Leasing Berhad.
2. Deemed interested by virtue of its interests in Juara Sejati Sdn Bhd and Teras Mewah Sdn Bhd.
3. Deemed interested by virtue of its interests in Berjaya Group Berhad.

---- Page 172 ----
171
ANNUAL REPORT 2023
THIRTY (30) LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS
(without aggregating securities from different securities accounts belonging to the same person)
 No. Name of Shareholders
No. of 
Shares Held
% of 
Issued 
Capital
1 DYMM SULTAN IBRAHIM jOHOR 134,000,000 17.34
2 RHB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD 
OSK	CAPITAL	SDN	BHD	FOR	JUARA	SEJATI	SDN	BHD
107,000,000 13.84
3 AFFIN HwANG NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD.
PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	JUARA	SEJATI	SDN	BHD
67,000,000 8.67
4 MIDF AMANAH INVESTMENT NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD 
PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	JUARA	SEJATI	SDN	BHD	
40,000,000 5.18
5 CIMB GROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	JUARA	SEJATI	SDN	BHD
35,000,000 4.53
6 Sj SEC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	-	AL	RAJHI	BANK	
FOR	JUARA	SEJATI	SDN	BHD
28,000,000 3.62
7 jUARA SEjATI SDN BHD 19,632,692 2.54
8 RHB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD 
PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	JUARA	SEJATI	SDN	BHD
18,000,000 2.33
9 INTER-PACIFIC EQUITY NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
BERJAYA PHILIPPINES INC
15,832,000 2.05
10 BBL NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	JUARA	SEJATI	SDN	BHD
12,400,000 1.60
11 CGS-CIMB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD 
PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	JUARA	SEJATI	SDN	BHD
9,000,000 1.16
12 HSBC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
HSBC	(M)	TRUSTEE	BHD	FOR	PERTUBUHAN	KESELAMATAN	SOSIAL
8,012,000 1.04
13 MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
NATIONAL	TRUST	FUND
8,004,700 1.04
14 MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD 
PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TERAS	MEWAH	SDN	BHD	
7,000,000 0.90
15 UNIVERSAL TRUSTEE (MALAYSIA) BERHAD
KAF	CORE	INCOME	FUND
6,198,900 0.80
16 SHUM THIN SOON 6,000,000 0.78
17 PRIME CREDIT LEASING BERHAD 5,400,000 0.70
Analysis of Shareholdings
As at 29 September 2023 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 173 ----
172
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD  200201028701 (596364-U)
THIRTY (30) LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS (CONT’D)
(without aggregating securities from different securities accounts belonging to the same person)
 No. Name of Shareholders
No. of 
Shares Held
% of 
Issued 
Capital
18 MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
NATIONAL	TRUST	FUND
5,173,400 0.67
19 UOBM NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
UOB	ISLAMIC	ASSET	MANAGEMENT	SDN	BHD	
FOR	LEMBAGA	TABUNG	HAJI
4,729,700 0.61
20 CIMB GROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD 
EXEMPT	AN	FOR	PETROLIAM	NASIONAL	BERHAD
4,217,900 0.54
21 UOB KAY HIAN NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD 
EXEMPT	AN	FOR	UOB	KAY	HIAN	PTE	LTD	(A/C	CLIENTS)
3,589,300 0.46
22 CIMB GROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
EXEMPT	AN	FOR	PETROLIAM	NASIONAL	BERHAD
3,468,600 0.45
23 LAU BIK SOON 2,810,360 0.36
24 CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD 2,790,700 0.36
25 HLB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TERAS	MEWAH	SDN	BHD
2,600,000 0.34
26 DB (MALAYSIA) NOMINEE (TEMPATAN) SENDIRIAN BERHAD
DEUTSCHE TRUSTEES MALAYSIA BERHAD 
FOR	EASTSPRING	INVESTMENTSGROWTH	FUND
2,417,000 0.31
27 wONG wAI KONG 2,300,000 0.30
28 NG HUI NOOI 2,200,080 0.28
29 DB (MALAYSIA) NOMINEE (TEMPATAN) SENDIRIAN BERHAD
DEUTSCHE TRUSTEES MALAYSIA BERHAD 
FOR	UNITED	ASEAN	DISCOVERYFUND
2,085,300 0.27
30 DB (MALAYSIA) NOMINEE (TEMPATAN) SENDIRIAN BERHAD
DEUTSCHE	TRUSTEES	MALAYSIA	BERHAD	FOR	UNITED	MALAYSIA	FUND
2,085,200 0.27
 
  
 
 
Analysis of Shareholdings
As at 29 September 2023 
(Cont’d)

---- Page 174 ----
* I/We:
Full name (in block capitals): CDS account no.: No. of shares held:
Address: NRIC/Passport/Registration no.:
Contact no.: Email address:
being	a	*member/members	of	REDTONE	DIGITAL	BERHAD	(“Company”), do hereby appoint:
First Proxy “A”
Full name (in block capitals): NRIC/Passport no.: Proportion of shareholdings
No. of shares %
Address: Email:
Contact no.:
*	AND/	OR
* Second Proxy “B”
Full name (in block capitals): NRIC/Passport no.: Proportion of shareholdings
No. of shares %
Address: Email:
Contact no.:
or failing *him/her, the Chairman of the Meeting as *my/our proxy to vote for *me/us and on *my/our behalf at the Twenty-First Annual General Meeting 
of the Company to be conducted on a virtual basis hosted on Securities Services e-Portal at https://sshsb.net.my/ at the broadcast venue at Manhattan 
V, Level 14, Berjaya Times Square Hotel Kuala Lumpur, No. 1, Jalan Imbi, 55100 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan on Monday, 4 December 2023 at 
10:00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof.
ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS FOR AGAINST
1. Approval of the payment of Directors’ fees for an aggregate amount of up to RM1,200,000 payable to the 
Non-Executive Directors of the Company on a monthly basis from 5 December 2023 until the next Annual 
General Meeting of the Company to be held in year 2024.
2. Approval of the payment of Directors’ benefits for an amount of up to RM130,000 payable to the Directors 
of the Company from 5 December 2023 until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company to be 
held in year 2024.
3. Re-election of Y .A.M. Tunku Tun Aminah Binti Sultan Ibrahim Ismail as a Director of the Company.
4. Re-election of Ms. Loh Paik Yoong as a Director of the Company.
5. Re-appointment	of	Ernst	&	Young	PLT	as	Auditors	of	the	Company	for	the	ensuing	year	and	to	authorise	
the Board of Directors to fix their remuneration.
6. Retention of Dato’ Avinderjit Singh A/L Harjit Singh as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the 
Company.
7. Authority to issue shares pursuant to the Companies Act 2016.
8. Proposed renewal of and new shareholders’ mandate for recurrent related party transactions of a revenue 
or trading nature with persons connected with Berjaya Corporation Berhad.
9. Proposed renewal of and new shareholders’ mandate for recurrent related party transactions of a revenue 
or trading nature with persons connected with Berjaya Corporation Berhad and companies in which 
D.Y .M.M. Sultan Ibrahim Ismail Ibni Almarhum Sultan Mahmud Iskandar Al-Haj is a major shareholder. 
Please indicate with an “X” in the spaces above on how you wish your proxy to vote. If you do not indicate how you wish your proxy to vote on any 
resolution, the proxy shall vote as he/she thinks fit or, at his/her discretion, abstain from voting. 
* strike out whichever not applicable
 * Signature / Common Seal of Member Signed this  day of  2023
Notes:
1. The Meeting will be conducted on a virtual basis by way of live streaming and online remote voting via the Remote Participation and Voting (“RPV”) facilities to be provided 
by SS E Solutions Sdn. Bhd. via Securities Services e-Portal’s platform at https://sshsb.net.my.
 Please read carefully and follow the procedures provided in the Administrative Notes in order to register, participate and vote remotely via the RPV facilities.
2. With the RPV facilities, the members, proxies and/or corporate representatives are strongly encouraged to exercise their rights to participate (including to pose questions 
to the Chairman, Board of Directors or Management) and vote at the Meeting.
 The members, proxies and/or corporate representatives may communicate via real time submission of typed texts through a text box within Securities Services e-Portal’s 
platform during the live streaming of the Meeting as the primary mode of communication. In the event of any technical glitch in this primary mode of communication, 
members, proxies and/or corporate representatives may email their questions to eservices@sshsb.com.my during the Meeting. 
✄
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD 
[Registration No. 200201028701 (596364-U)]  
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
FORM OF PROxY
(before completing this Form of Proxy, please refer to the notes below)

---- Page 175 ----
Fold This Flap For Sealing
1st Fold Here
2nd Fold Here
AFFIX
STAMP
The Poll Administrator of
REDTONE DIGITAL BERHAD
[Registration No. 200201028701 (596364-U)]
SS E Solutions Sdn. Bhd. 
Level 7, Menara Milenium, 
Jalan Damanlela,
Pusat Bandar Damansara, 
Damansara Heights,
50490 Kuala Lumpur,
Wilayah Persekutuan
Notes (Cont’d):
3. In respect of deposited securities, only members whose names appear in the Record of Depositors on 27 November 2023 shall be eligible to attend, speak and 
vote at the Meeting or appoint proxy(ies) to attend, participate, speak and vote in his stead.
4. A member entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting, may appoint more than one (1) proxy to attend, participate, speak and vote in his stead. Where a member 
appoints more than one (1) proxy to attend, participate, speak and vote at the same Meeting, such appointment shall be invalid unless he specifies the proportion 
of his shareholdings to be represented by each proxy. A proxy need not be a member of the Company. There shall be no restriction as to the qualification of the 
proxy. A proxy appointed to attend and vote at the Meeting shall have the same rights as the member to attend, participate, speak and vote at the meeting. 
5. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the member or of his attorney duly authorised in writing or, if the member is a corporation, 
shall either be executed under the corporation’s common seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised. 
6. Where a member of the Company is an authorised nominee as defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991, it may appoint more than 
one (1) proxy in respect of each securities account it holds with ordinary shares of the Company standing to the credit of the said securities account. Where such 
member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless the proportion of shareholdings to be represented by each proxy is specified in 
the instrument appointing the proxies.
7. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one (1) securities 
account (“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account 
it holds. 
8. The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of attorney or other authority (if any), under which it is signed or a duly notarised certified copy of that 
power or authority, must be deposited at the office of SS E Solutions Sdn. Bhd. at Level 7, Menara Milenium, Jalan Damanlela, Pusat Bandar Damansara, 
Damansara	Heights,	50490	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan	 OR	alternatively,	 submit	the	Form	of	Proxy	electronically	 via	Securities	 Services	e-Portal	
at https://sshsb.net.my/ not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time set for holding the Meeting or any adjournment thereof. The lodging of the Form of 
Proxy does not preclude you from attending and voting at the Meeting should you subsequently decide to do so. Please follow the procedures provided in the 
Administrative Notes for the Twenty-First AGM for further details.
9. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all the resolutions set out in the Notice will be put to 
vote by way of poll. Independent Scrutineers will be appointed to validate the results of the poll.

---- Page 176 ----