---- Page 1 ----
Sapura Energy BerhadAnnual Report 2024
www.sapuraenergy.com


---- Page 2 ----
What We Do: Core Business Segments  PG4
Key Risks and Mitigation  PG26
Sustainability Statements  PG32
...INSIDE
This Annual Report is available 
at www.sapuraenergy.com
OUR REPORTING SUITE
CONTENTS
• Provides a comprehensive overview of the Group’s 
performance for FY2024 and the outlook for 
Sapura Energy
REGULATIONS COMPLIED
• Companies Act, 2016
• Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad  
Main Market Listing Requirements
• Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance


---- Page 3 ----
01
GROUP OVERVIEW
Overview of Sapura Energy Berhad
– Who We Are | Our Vision | Our Mission
–  Our Way | Group Corporate Structure |  
Our Competitive Advantage
2
What We Do: Core Business Segments 4
Our Global Footprint 6
02
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Joint Statement by Chairman and  
Group Chief Executive Officer
8
Key Risks and Mitigation 26
Five-Year Group Financial Highlights 30
Five-Year Group Financial Summary 31
Sustainability Statements 32
03
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Overview Statement 90
Group Organisation Structure 109
Corporate Information 110
Profile of Board of Directors 111
Executive Committee Profiles 121
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control 126
Statement of Directors’ Responsibility 130
Report of Board Audit Committee 131
04
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Directors’ Report 138
Statement by Directors 144
Statutory Declaration 144
Independent Auditors’ Report 145
Consolidated and Separate Statements  
of Profit or Loss
150
Consolidated and Separate Statements  
of Comprehensive Income
151
Consolidated and Separate Statements  
of Financial Position
152
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 154
Company Statement of Changes in Equity 155
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 156
Company Statement of Cash Flows 158
Notes to the Financial Statements 159
05
SHAREHOLDERS’ INFORMATION
Analysis of Shareholdings 274
Notice of the Annual General Meeting 280
Statement Accompanying  
Notice of Annual General Meeting
284
Additional Compliance Information 285
Administrative Guide 290
Proxy Form •
THIS REPORT

---- Page 4 ----
   WHO WE ARE...
Driven by our purpose to enable a sustainable world through 
energy solutions, Sapura Energy operates globally as an integrated 
energy services and solutions provider. From exploration to 
rejuvenation, we cover the entire upstream value chain, including 
renewables. With our highly skilled workforce, world-class assets, 
and project management expertise, we deliver integrated solutions 
and sustainable energy innovations across over 10 countries.
   OUR VISION...
Your Trusted Energy Solutions Partner
In our pursuit of a sustainable future, we aspire to be more than 
just a provider of energy solutions. We envision becoming Your 
Trusted Energy Solutions Partner, a beacon of reliability, 
innovation, and sustainability. Our goal is to forge enduring 
partnerships based on trust, ensuring that together, we illuminate 
the path to a brighter, more sustainable tomorrow.
   OUR MISSION...
Safely Delivering Solutions
Our aim is to Safely Deliver Solutions to every corner of the globe.
We harness human ingenuity, technical expertise, and strategic assets to provide energy solutions that are not 
only safe and efficient but also transformative for our world. Our objective is to cultivate lasting partnerships 
grounded in trust, guiding us together towards a brighter, more sustainable tomorrow.
Exploration Development Production Rejuvenation Decommissioning 
and Abandonment
   OUR VALUE CHAIN... 
Sapura Energy Berhad
2
Group Overview
OVERVIEW OF SAPURA ENERGY BERHAD

---- Page 5 ----
   OUR WAY...
Values & Culture
“Our Way” is the heartbeat of our operations at 
Sapura Energy, rooted in the foundational values 
of being Honest, Accountable, and Respectful.
This philosophy isn’t just words; it’s a commitment 
to excellence and standing by these pillars: Pride in 
Results, Commitment to Collaboration and Spirit 
of Innovation. Together, these principles shape our 
culture, uniting us as a cohesive team driving towards a 
common goal.
In-House Capabilities in 
Engineering and Project 
Management
Experienced Leadership Team
Customised and Fit-for-Purpose 
Solutions Across the Entire 
Upstream Value Chain
Own and Operate World-
Class Assets
   OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE...
   GROUP CORPORATE STRUCTURE...
 ENGINEERING AND CONSTRUCTION
 OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE
 EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
 DRILLING
 CORPORATE
Annual Report 2024
3
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 6 ----
Sapura Energy’s Engineering and Construction business provides 
end-to-end turnkey engineering, procurement, construction, 
installation, and commissioning (“EPCIC”) solutions for the energy 
industry, including renewables. Supported by a highly capable 
and technically competent in-house engineering team, versatile 
strategic assets, and project management expertise, we deliver 
services across the full EPCIC spectrum and adjacent markets.
2 Major Fabrication Yards 5 Heavy-Lift & Pipe-Lay 
Vessels
6 Pipe-Lay Support 
Vessels 1 Subsea Diving Support 
Vessel
1 Floatover Launch Barge 1 Cargo Barge
38 Remotely Operated 
Vehicles 1 Survey Vessel
With five decades of experience in tender-assist drilling 
operations, Sapura Energy’s Drilling business is the owner and 
operator of the world’s largest fleet of tender-assist drilling rigs. 
As the pioneer, our mission is to provide the safest operations 
paired with sustainable technical solutions for the most efficient 
and cost-effective delivery for our clients’ development and 
production drilling programmes.
5 Semi-Tender units 6 Tender-Barge units
ENGINEERING AND 
CONSTRUCTION DRILLING
Sapura Energy Berhad
4
Group Overview
WHAT WE DO: CORE BUSINESS SEGMENTS

---- Page 7 ----
Sapura Energy’s Operations and Maintenance business offers an 
extensive one-tiered service suite for offshore and onshore 
services, combining cross product lines integration from hook-up 
and commissioning services, topside maintenance and brownfield 
modification capability, offshore support vessel services, and 
geoscience and geotechnical services. In addition to the above 
in-house capabilities, we also leverage the expertise of our 
technology service business which provides system integration 
solutions and maintenance services for turbines, topside 
equipment, telecommunications equipment, cranes, and subsea 
equipment. With the inclusion of subsea inspection and repair 
and maintenance under its belt, the O&M team is at the forefront 
in providing comprehensive integrated services and solutions to 
optimise the performance of our client’s subsea infrastructures 
and facilities.
3 Fabrication Yards 3 Remotely Operated 
Vehicles
2 Anchor Handing Tug 
Supply Vessels 4 Accommodation  
Boats and Barges
1 Turbine Maintenance 
Centre 1 Geotechnics Vessel
2 Diving Support Vessels 4 Diving Systems
6 Well Services
Combining creativity, technical expertise, and entrepreneurial 
focus, our Exploration and Production business provides the 
exploration, development, and production solutions to extract 
returns from even the smallest and most challenging fields.
3 Production Sharing 
Contracts 5 Exploration Permits
OPERATIONS AND 
MAINTENANCE
EXPLORATION AND 
PRODUCTION
Annual Report 2024
5
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 8 ----
Global footprint...
ACROSS 5
CONTINENTS
1
3
2
The designations employed and the presentations of the material on this map do not imply the expression of 
any opinion whatsoever on the part of Sapura Energy Berhad or its subsidiaries (the “Group”) concerning the 
legal status of any country, territory, city or area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its 
frontiers or boundaries.
6 Group Overview
Sapura Energy Berhad
OUR GLOBAL FOOTPRINT

---- Page 9 ----
4 5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
10 KEY 
GLOBAL
operating centres...
1 Houston
2 Rio de Janeiro
3 Woking
4 Luanda
5 Dubai
6 Mumbai
7 Bangkok
8 Lumut
9 Kuala Lumpur
10 Bandar Seri Begawan
11 Singapore
12 Perth
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
Annual Report 2024
7

---- Page 10 ----
FY2024 was yet another year that required resilience and agility 
on our part, as we continued to progress the Group’s turnaround 
despite multiple challenges. In a changing global energy landscape 
– shaped by geopolitical unrest, stringent environmental 
regulations, and the accelerated drive towards sustainable energy 
solutions – our ability to overcome barriers, adapt and strategically 
navigate these waters had been crucial.
Amidst these challenges, the Group reported a cumulative loss 
after tax and minority interest (“LATAMI”) of RM509 million, 
demonstrating an improvement from the previous year’s LATAMI 
of RM3.16 billion as well as FY2022’s LATAMI of RM9.05 billion. 
While the trajectory underscores our ongoing efforts to restore 
financial health and operational stability, it also emphasises that 
we are not yet out of the woods. Our focus will remain on 
restructuring for profitability, innovating for sustainability, and 
executing with discipline.
OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
Throughout the year, global oil prices exhibited volatility, with 
Brent crude averaging around USD83 per barrel, influenced by 
geopolitical tensions, economic policies, and fluctuating market 
dynamics.
We faced significant execution challenges as our legacy contracts 
did not fully account for such rapid market movements and 
evolving industry dynamics. This industry-wide challenge forced 
oil and gas solutions providers to shift towards riskier ventures 
with tighter margins, inevitably impacting productivity and 
efficiency across the sector.
In FY2024, we completed over 20 major projects, including eight 
drilling campaigns and three plug and abandonment campaigns. 
Noteworthy projects this year included the delivery of the KG-
DWN-98/2 Central Processing Platform for India’s Oil and Natural 
Gas Corporation (“ONGC”). Additionally, Sapura Energy Australia 
successfully completed the final phase of decommissioning works 
at the Tui block in New Zealand, well ahead of schedule.
TURNING THE TIDE IN FY2024
In FY2024, we achieved several milestones to galvanise our 
trajectory towards a more sustainable future.
Central to our turnaround strategy is the aim to reduce the 
Group’s unsustainable debt to improve liquidity and enhance 
financial flexibility. Alleviating this burden will enable us to pursue 
growth opportunities with greater agility and navigate the market’s 
volatility with resilience.
Sapura Energy Berhad
8
Group Overview
JOINT STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN AND  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 11 ----
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
On behalf of Sapura Energy Berhad 
(“Sapura Energy”) and its group of 
companies (“the Group”), we are 
pleased to present our Annual Report 
for financial year ended 31 January 
2024 (“FY2024”).
approximately RM2,534.5 million). While completion is expected 
by the second half of 2025, we are actively working to expedite 
it to year-end 2024, subject to approvals.
The net proceeds from this disposal will primarily be used to 
settle amounts owed to our scheme creditors, including our 
Multi-Currency Financing lenders. Upon completion, we anticipate 
a net gain on disposal of approximately RM793 million, which will 
significantly bolster the financial position of the Group.
This portfolio rationalisation marks our shift away from the 
Exploration & Production business, strategically pivoting our focus 
towards enhancing core capabilities to deliver innovative solutions 
in the rapidly evolving energy industry.
Sapura Energy’s debt restructuring, and portfolio rationalisation 
are part of our Reset plan, which aims to restructure Sapura 
Energy and overcome immediate financial and operational 
challenges, as we embark our journey towards Energy Transition.
The Reset Plan set out these objectives:
• Strengthen our balance sheet by improving the Group’s capital 
structure and financial framework, including reducing 
unsustainable debt and resolving ageing payables
• Enhance Operational Excellence through the principle of “Bid 
Right, Execute with Discipline”, which entails refocusing our 
bid funnel based on capabilities and risk appetite, and improving 
productivity and project execution discipline
• Chart future business direction by reviewing the Group’s 
portfolio and organisation, in line with core businesses and 
Energy Transition strategies
The Reset Plan implementation benefits from oversight and 
guidance from the Board Restructuring Task Force (“BRTF”), set 
up in December 2021. The BRTF provided critical evaluations and 
recommendations throughout the restructuring process, ensuring 
we kept our focus on building a sustainable company as we 
navigate our exit from PN17 status.
ENCOURAGING PERFORMANCE THROUGH RESET
In FY2024, amidst a landscape of recovery and strategic 
recalibration, the Group’s Drilling segment emerged as the 
strongest contributor. While both the Engineering & Construction 
(“E&C”) and Operations and Maintenance (“O&M”) segments 
continued to pursue projects, their progress was significantly 
hindered by limited access to working capital and bank guarantee 
facilities, which critically hampered their operational momentum 
and competitive edge in the market.
To this end, our efforts bore fruit when the Group received 
confirmation from the Corporate Debt Restructuring Committee 
(“CDRC”) that Approval-In-Principle (“AIP”) for its Proposed 
Restructuring Scheme (“PRS”) had been obtained from the 
majority of financiers for the Group’s Multi-Currency Financing 
Facilities.
In March 2024, the High Court granted Sapura Energy and its 
subsidiaries new Convening and Restraining Orders. With this, we 
are able to move forward with the finalisation of the PRS ahead 
of court convened meetings with creditors.
The extension granted for our PN17 Regularisation Plan provides 
valuable time to develop a comprehensive plan. This aligns with 
our ongoing efforts to restructure approximately RM11 billion in 
Multi-Currency Financing Facilities.
A key component of our strategy was the divestment of 
SapuraOMV Upstream (“SOMV”). In April 2024, our subsidiary 
Sapura Upstream Assets Sdn Bhd (“SUA”) signed a conditional Sale 
and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) to sell its 50 percent equity 
interest in SapuraOMV Upstream to TotalEnergies Holdings SAS 
for a cash consideration of USD530.3 million (equivalent to 
Annual Report 2024
9
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 12 ----
The E&C segment navigated a challenging operational landscape in FY2024. 
Complex factors, including geopolitical tensions, concerns around energy security 
and affordability, stricter regulations, and the push for global decarbonisation, all 
presented significant challenges. Despite these headwinds, the segment achieved a 
revenue of RM2.7 billion in FY2024. However, profitability challenges on certain 
projects resulted in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation 
(“EBITDA”) losses of RM341 million.
Limited access to bank guarantees continued to impact our business performance 
significantly. The segment had to adapt to tighter margins and increased 
competition, while keeping abreast of technological advancements in the industry. 
The low utilisation of our Lumut fabrication yard further compounded the situation. 
Despite these hurdles, the segment remained proactive, engaging continuously with 
stakeholders, and negotiating effectively to secure international projects and 
optimally deploy assets outside Malaysia.
During the year, the E&C segment achieved several notable successes. We secured 
the NGC Angola project, providing offshore transportation and installation services 
and reinforcing our global presence. We installed the Shell Timi platform offshore 
Sarawak, marking our client’s first wellhead platform in Malaysia powered by a solar 
and wind hybrid power system.
Additionally, we successfully delivered the KG-DWN-98/2 Central Processing 
Platform for India’s ONGC. This project completion showcases our capability to 
overcome challenges and deliver critical infrastructure, even amidst delays caused 
by the pandemic. The completion of ONGC’s KG-DWN-98/2 project also marks the 
last of legacy contracts in our portfolio.
ENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTION
PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
REVENUE
RM2.7
billion
EBITDA
(RM341)
million
EBITDA MARGIN
(13%)
TRIF
0.84
• Successfully delivered ONGC 
KG DWN 98/2 with 100 percent 
completion of onshore scope
• Strengthened E&C global  
presence by securing NGC Angola 
project
• Established regional office in UK 
to pursue opportunities in 
growing regions – Americas, 
Africa, and the Mediterranean
• Launched Kitar Solutions; a 
strategic partnership with AF 
Offshore Decom providing 
integrated decommissioning 
solutions
• Executed Asia’s first reverse 
S-lay pipe removal in a 
decommissioning campaign
Sapura Energy Berhad
10
Group Overview
JOINT STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN AND  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 13 ----
Moving forward, we will continue to focus on enhancing operational performance, underpinned by a simplified organisation and 
improved business processes. This includes streamlining structures, processes, and pursuing asset rationalisation where necessary. The 
segment will explore forming alliances with key business partners to expand opportunities and deploy key assets to regions where 
we are competitive.
To address the growing need for safe and responsible decommissioning services in the Asia-Pacific region, we announced the launch 
of Kitar Solutions, offering clients differentiated value through integrated Engineering, Preparations, Removal, and Disposal (“EPRD”) 
services. Kitar Solutions was established through a strategic partnership with AF Offshore Decom, a well-established Norwegian 
company specialising in customised decommissioning solutions in the North Sea.
Kitar Solutions will entail investments to improve the existing facilities at our Lumut fabrication yard, aiming to meet the highest 
environmental standards in waste management and recycling. It marks a significant step in the expansion of the Group’s 
decommissioning portfolio within its Engineering and Construction business segment, reflecting the company’s aim to contribute 
towards a circular economy within the region.
ASIA’S FIRST REVERSE S-LAY FOR PIPELINE DECOMMISSIONING
In a significant industry first, Sapura Energy Thailand successfully executed the first reverse S-lay pipeline decommissioning 
technique in Asia onboard the Sapura 1200 in March 2024. Using the innovative approach, we increased our decommissioning 
productivity and assisted our long-time client in Thailand with the safe retrieval and removal of decommissioned subsea 
pipelines from the seabed.
The dedication, commitment to safety, and collaborative and innovative spirit demonstrated by our Engineering & 
Construction team at Sapura Energy Thailand during this campaign, as well as the performance in the previous campaign 
using the Sapura 2000, received an award from the client.
Annual Report 2024
11
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 14 ----
Our O&M business segment, comprising of Hook Up & Commissioning, 
Technology & Subsea Services, Geosciences & Offshore Support Vessels, and 
Sapura-Baker Hughes Joint Venture, demonstrated resilience and adaptability in 
FY2024. The segment recorded an EBITDA of RM23 million from RM580 million in 
revenue. Throughout the year, the segment adeptly responded to market demands, 
navigating competitive pressures and cost constraints amid challenges stemming 
from the Group’s restructuring efforts.
The Hook Up & Commissioning unit faced limitations in achieving its full potential 
due to financial constraints and prevailing negative market sentiment. Our Subsea 
Services unit maintained its competitiveness in the robust subsea Inspection, Repair 
& Maintenance (“IRM”) market, overcoming challenges such as limited availability of 
diving support vessels and rising vendor costs. The Technology Solutions business 
witnessed heightened demand driven by the equipment System Integration market. 
Geosciences continued to thrive due to its track record in project delivery and 
safety, even while facing asset shortages. Our Sapura-Baker Hughes Joint Venture  
continued to be profitable and anticipates favourable market conditions driven by 
CO2 Net Zero policies, increasing demand for carbon capture, usage and storage 
(“CCUS”) solutions.
Despite financial pressures, including significant increases in third-party costs, our 
O&M teams adhered to the “Bid Right, Execute with Discipline” principle. This 
approach ensured robust bid estimations with appropriate risks mitigation measures, 
which helped maintain profitability.
OPERATIONS & MAINTENANCE
PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
REVENUE
RM580
million
EBITDA
RM23
million
EBITDA MARGIN
4%
TRIF
1.03
Successfully delivered:
• ExxonMobil Pan Malaysia 
maintenance, construction, and 
modification work
• Topside maintenance for 
Shell in Gumusut-Kakap, Malikai, 
F14, E8, Cilipadi, and achieved first 
gas for Timi
• KINEW project and Pegaga 
PMRU
• Emergency pipeline repair for 
PTTEP Thailand
Sapura Energy Berhad
12
Group Overview
JOINT STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN AND  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 15 ----
Key project deliveries this year included the completion of the Pan Malaysia Maintenance, Construction and Modification works and 
a turnaround campaign for ExxonMobil Exploration & Production Malaysia. Additionally, we delivered topside maintenance services for 
Shell in Sabah and Sarawak, and supported Shell Timi in achieving its first gas milestone. In a notable achievement under the Subsea 
IRM business, we successfully completed the emergency pipeline repair work for PTTEP Thailand within the scheduled timeline.
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS MAKES INROADS INTO THE OLEOCHEMICALS INDUSTRY
Our Technology Solutions team successfully ventured beyond traditional markets, providing rotation technology services to 
the oleochemicals industry. Oleochemicals are chemicals derived from natural oils and fats and are valued for their 
biodegradability, renewability, and versatility. These qualities make them environmentally friendly and economically viable 
alternatives to petrochemical products used in a wide range of applications.
The team completed a gas turbine exchange at Mewaholeo Pasir Gudang two days ahead of schedule, maintaining the 
highest safety and quality standards. It marked our first-ever engine exchange for an industrial gas turbine in Malaysia, 
following 36,000 hours of continuous operation. The successful project ensured uninterrupted supply of up to five megawatts 
of electricity to the refinery plant.
Our successful venture into the oleochemicals industry demonstrates our ability to diversify our capabilities and expertise 
beyond the traditional oil and gas sector, opening up new opportunities for growth and innovation.
Annual Report 2024
13
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 16 ----
Our Drilling business segment was a significant contributor to the Group’s 
operating profit, with an EBITDA of RM484 million generated from RM1.2 billion in 
revenue. The segment achieved an EBITDA margin of 39 percent, outperforming 
both local and international peers. This performance underscores our ability to 
maintain profitability in a competitive market.
Currently, ten out of our eleven tender-assist drilling (“TAD”) rigs are under contract, 
distributed strategically across Thailand (five rigs), Malaysia (four rigs), and West 
Africa (one rig). This optimised deployment ensures that we maintain a robust 
utilisation rate and continue to generate substantial revenue.
Despite the generally positive business environment, the Drilling segment navigated 
several challenges throughout the year. The consolidation of competition required 
us to maintain a competitive cost structure and exercise rigorous capital expenditure 
discipline. Our proactive measures in recruiting and retaining skilled personnel 
through targeted training and development initiatives have ensured that we exceed 
industry standards in workforce competence and project delivery.
DRILLING
PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
REVENUE
RM1.2
billion
EBITDA
RM484
million
EBITDA MARGIN
39%
TRIF
1.03
• Increased of top line profile, 
Operating Day Rate revenue by  
seven percent and 
consequently EBITDA flow-through
• Strengthen the economical 
utilisation at 90 percent  in 
line with historical long-term 
performance. Actual rig fleet EU in 
FY24 = 90 percent
• Reinforced QHSE assurance 
and quality deliverables, with a 
materially improved performance. 
TRIF down from 2.66 to 1.03
• Eight drilling campaigns and 
three plug & abandonment 
campaigns delivered
• Implemented sustainability 
measures including LED lighting, 
electric forklifts, water fountain 
installation, improved power 
management, and coral reef 
replanting in Malaysia
Sapura Energy Berhad
14
Group Overview
JOINT STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN AND  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 17 ----
SAPURA ALLIANCE CONCLUDES BRUNEI CAMPAIGN ON A HIGH NOTE IN 2023
2023 saw Sapura Alliance wrap up a five-year plug and abandonment campaign in Brunei. The team prioritised health, 
safety, and environment (“HSE”) throughout the project, achieving three consecutive years of Goal Zero (no recordable 
incidents) and seven years without lost-time injuries. This commitment earned them the distinguished title of Platform Rig 
of the Year in both 2020 and 2022.
Sapura Alliance showcased exceptional operational skills throughout the campaign, safely abandoning 87 wells and executing 
47 heavy lifts without any HSE incidents. This demonstrated not only technical expertise but also a strong focus on protecting 
people and the environment.
Beyond operational success, Sapura Alliance fostered local talent development and community engagement. With 85 percent 
local and a significant number of local graduates among the offshore crew, we actively contributed to Brunei’s workforce 
development.
Sapura Alliance’s commitment extended beyond fulfilling contractual obligations. They established a legacy of partnership 
and excellence in Brunei. Their core values were evident throughout the project, leaving a lasting positive impact.
Annual Report 2024
15
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 18 ----
In FY2024 our Exploration & Production (E&P) segment, operated through 
SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn Bhd (“SapuraOMV”), recorded a loss after taxation of 
RM2.1 million. This represents an improvement compared to the loss after taxation 
of RM376.5 million posted in FY2023, primarily attributed to impairment recognised 
in that year. In 2023, SapuraOMV produced over approximately 500 Mcf/d of natural 
gas for the Bintulu LNG plant and approximately five kb/d of condensates.
The Jerun Gas Development Project remained a key focus area. By January 2024, 
the project achieved 11.7 million LTI-free manhours, demonstrating our commitment 
to safety and operational discipline. The project successfully completed a six-well 
drilling campaign and platform topside installation by March 2024. Hook-up and 
commissioning activities have commenced, with first production expected in 
FY2025.
The team prioritised maintaining rigorous safety standards while navigating 
operational demands and financial constraints. They addressed these challenges by 
strengthening contractor management processes and implementing incident 
prevention campaigns. These efforts resulted in a low Total Recordable Incident 
Frequency (TRIF) of 0.29, significantly lower than the industry average of 0.9 (IOGP 
data).
At the time this report is published, TotalEnergies Holdings SAS has signed a 
conditional agreement to acquire our entire stake in SapuraOMV. The divestment 
marks our exit from the E&P business, aligned with our broader strategic focus 
towards core capabilities in the solutions and services sector. The skills and 
technological insights gained from years of operating in the E&P sector will continue 
to inform and enhance our capabilities across other business segments.
EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION (“E&P”)
PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
• Successful completion of a 
six-well drilling campaign 
for the Jerun project
• Jerun Gas Development Project, 
achieved 11.7 million LTI-free 
manhours in FY2024
• Sapura Energy has entered into an 
agreement in Q1FY2025 to divest 
its equity interest in SapuraOMV
TRIF
0.29
Sapura Energy Berhad
16
Group Overview
JOINT STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN AND  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 19 ----
FY2024 FINANCIAL REVIEW
Sapura Energy achieved a total revenue of 
RM4.32 billion in FY2024. EBITDA for the year 
stood at RM468 million, mainly due to favourable 
foreign exchange differences.
The Group recorded a LATAMI of RM509 million. 
Additionally, we recorded RM698 million in free 
cash flow, reflecting improved liquidity and 
enhanced financial stability.
The Drilling segment stood out as the strongest 
contributor with an EBITDA of RM484 million, 
benefitting from higher utilisation rates and 
diligent execution. This robust performance 
underlines the segment’s critical role in stabilising 
the Group’s overall financial position. The E&C 
segment faced significant challenges, reporting 
EBITDA losses of RM341 million. These losses 
primarily stemmed from two offshore incidents, 
project execution delays in West Africa, and the 
completion of two legacy projects in Malaysia 
with unfavourable terms. The O&M segment 
recorded a EBITDA of RM23 million.
While maintaining a strong domestic presence, 
our ability to secure contracts internationally 
demonstrates our global reach and the trust 
placed in our capabilities by a diverse client 
base. This international diversification contributes 
to a more balanced revenue stream for the 
Group, while contributing to inflows of foreign 
currency exchange into Malaysia.
SAFETY ALWAYS
Given the high-risk nature of our industry, 
Sapura Energy places the safety and well-being 
of our people as the highest priority, guided by 
our “Safety Always” promise. In FY2024, despite 
our rigorous safety protocols, we faced a 
sombre reminder of the stakes involved, when we lost a colleague who was working offshore. This incident deeply impacted us all 
and led to a comprehensive reassessment of our safety measures.
We are committed to fostering a culture of safety and preventing similar tragedies. Our team embraced the 9 Life Saving Rules and 
redoubled their efforts to ensure a safe work environment for everyone.
Consequently, the Group’s safety performance improved throughout the year. The TRIF dropped from 1.58 in February 2023 to 0.87 
in January 2024, below industry averages (IOGP: 0.9; IADC:2.16; IMCA: 1.10). A low TRIF score indicates a low incident rate. Scoring 
below the industry average means our safety performance was better than the industry.
We are committed to being vigilant and maintaining a Safety Always mindset across all levels of the organisation. This commitment 
is reinforced through the Quality, Health, Safety, and Environment (“QHSE”) Operational Key Performance Indicator (“KPI”) review 
conducted annually.
Year-on-Year Financial Performance
(RM million)
Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF)
(average incident per 1 mil manhours)
Revenue (LBITDA)/EBITDA LATAMI
FY2023 FY2024FY2022
Feb-23 Mar-23 Apr-23 May-23 Jun-23 Jul-23 Aug-23 Sep-23 Oct-23 Nov-23 Dec-23 Jan-24
1.58 1.59
1.50
1.31
1.06 0.90 0.93 0.97
1.07
0.83
0.87
1.02
IADC 2.16
IMCA 1.10
IOGP 0.90
Annual Report 2024
17
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 20 ----
Additionally, each member of the Executive Committee (“ExCo”) 
monitors eight QHSE KPIs during monthly meetings. We also 
conduct mandatory Occupational Safety and Health (“OSH”) 
programmes and campaigns, such as the Hand & Finger 
Prevention Campaign and monthly Life Saving Rule topic sharing 
sessions, to keep safety top-of-mind. As a result of these 
intensified efforts, our Lost Time Injury Frequency (“LTIF”) 
improved significantly, decreasing by 56 percent from the 
previous year.
In FY2024, over 13,043 employees, vendors and contractors 
participated in extensive training programmes, further equipping 
them with the necessary skills to maintain a safe working 
environment. Looking ahead, we remain steadfast in our mission 
to uphold the highest safety standards, ensuring a secure and 
responsible working environment for all.
In response to valuable feedback from clients and employees, we reintroduced Stop Work Authority (“SWA”) as a dedicated 
policy. Previously embedded within the HSE Policy, this standalone document emphasises the importance of SWA and 
empowers everyone at Sapura Energy – direct hires, clients, and contractors – to halt unsafe work practices without 
repercussions. This reinforces our commitment to a safety-first culture where all voices are heard.
An example of Sapura Energy’s emphasis on Stop Work Authority is the action 
taken by Project Delivery Manager Mohamad Bisri Shahid. He exercised the Stop 
Work Authority without hesitation or fear when he noticed one of our senior 
leaders overlooked the requirement to wear mandatory personal protective gear 
at the Lumut fabrication yard.  Even though it was just for a short moment,  
the senior leader acknowledged his lapse in judgement and was not spared the 
consequences of his non-compliance. He was not allowed to enter the yard 
for seven days.
“Safety was all that was on my mind at that time. I didn’t think about who or 
how senior he was. I was just complying with Sapura Energy’s Stop Work 
Authority Policy and intervened respectfully when I saw a non-compliance. 
Everyone has the right to stop work whenever they spot an unsafe act,” said Bisri.
The senior leader himself praised Bisri’s Stop Work action, despite being 
penalised for the unintentional breach of the yard’s safety regulation. Bisri was 
recognised and set as a good example during a post-project completion 
appreciation event.
IMPROVING STOP WORK AUTHORITY POLICY
Sapura Energy Berhad
18
Group Overview
JOINT STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN AND  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 21 ----
EMPOWERING PEOPLE, FOSTERING GROWTH
At Sapura Energy, people are at the forefront of our success story, and more so during this turnaround journey. A turnaround hinges 
upon the close collaboration of both leaders and employees, as their unwavering commitment to the restructuring plan ensures its 
progress alongside the continuity of business operations. As we embarked on restructuring efforts in FY2023, we found that this was 
easier said than done. The complex and demanding restructuring effort placed unusual strain on our employees, who were already 
feeling uncertain about their job security and the Group’s future. Understandably, some employees decided to leave Sapura Energy 
and seek safer pastures. As a result, employee retention became a significant challenge for Sapura Energy during that financial year.
Recognising the urgency, we swiftly implemented measures to curb the exodus of talent and retaining our core capabilities. In FY2024, 
we took steps to create a more robust platform for career advancement and professional development, we enhanced engagement 
and transparent communications to keep our teams well-informed about the Group’s strategic direction, and we harmonised our 
rewards structure to ensure equitable compensation for our people. (See Sustainability Statements, page 62)
As a result of these concerted efforts, our attrition rate was halved from 25 percent in FY2023 to just over 12 percent in FY2024. The 
combination of strategic interventions and employee-centric initiatives ensured that Sapura Energy retained its key talent, paving the 
way for a more stable and resilient future.
In FY2024, we strengthened our talent development frameworks, 
upskilling opportunities, succession planning, and performance 
management systems. These enhancements ensured that our 
employees have clear pathways for career progression and the 
necessary support to succeed in their roles.
In FY2024, we promoted 335 of our people, up from the 294 
promotions in FY2023, highlighting our commitment to recognising 
high potential talent and helping them advance their careers in 
Sapura Energy. Furthermore, we appointed 16 Senior Technical 
Advisors, leveraging their expertise as Subject Matter Experts 
(SMEs) across the company, through the establishment of the 
Senior Technical Advisor Roundtable.
In the same year, we expanded our training programmes to 
provide all employees with opportunities for professional 
development, ensuring they have the knowledge to achieve their 
full potential within the organisation. We prioritise safety-related 
initiatives and leadership development to equip our workforce 
with the skills and competencies needed for success. Internal 
trainers including SME’s, contributed approximately 7,000 training 
hours in FY2024. We formalised their contribution by creating the 
Project Management Academy, embodying our dedication to 
continuous learning and improvement. (See Sustainability 
Statements, page  72)
To ensure a sustainable talent pipeline in a technically demanding 
business such as ours, we initiated a Graduate Management 
programme with 62 new recruits from Malaysia and Thailand. 
They are undergoing a 2-year job rotation programme prior to 
settling in their field of interest. This programme will be expanded 
to other countries where we have significant presence.
Career Advancement and Development
Transparent communications and inclusive dialogue 
have deepened the connection between our 
workforce and our organisational goals. The Group’s 
leadership prioritised engagement with our teams 
during interactive town hall sessions, while timely 
employee updates provided our people with 
context and explanations of key restructuring 
milestones. As a result, employees developed a 
better appreciation of our turnaround strategy and 
how they can play a role, reinforcing their 
commitment to the organisation. We achieved an 
overall score of 4.4/5 in regular exit surveys, which 
measured employees’ understanding of our current 
state, as well as their commitment and confidence 
in our business objectives.
Engagement and Communications
Recognising and rewarding excellence is a core 
aspect of our retention strategy. By harmonising 
rewards and remuneration against industry 
standards, we ensured that our compensation 
packages are competitive, thus helping us to offer 
attractive benefits to our employees. This approach 
ensures that our employees feel valued and 
motivated to contribute to our shared success. We 
also implemented retention schemes linking 
achievements of capability levels to retention, 
further solidifying our employees’ commitment to 
our vision.
Rewards and Remuneration Harmonisation
Annual Report 2024
19
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 22 ----
As we continue to prioritise our people agenda, we reaffirm our commitment to nurturing talent, promoting diversity, and supporting 
local communities. Our craft team, who work mainly at our Lumut fabrication yard, are composed exclusively of Malaysians, reflecting 
our dedication to empowering young Malaysians through Technical and Vocational Education and Training (“TVET”). The crews on 
our vessels and rigs comprise individuals from more than 20 different nationalities, embracing cultural diversity as a cornerstone of 
our operations. By investing in our employees, including craft and crew, and leveraging their diverse cultural backgrounds, we aim to 
drive innovation, collaboration, and sustainable growth across all our operations. Additionally, we provide opportunities for our 
employees to work across their home country borders, further enriching their experience and our global capabilities.
LEVERAGING ON THE STRENGTHS OF OUR GLOBAL WORKFORCE
Central to our organisational ethos is the belief in equal opportunity, diversity, and inclusivity. With a workforce representing over 25 
nationalities, spread over thirteen time-zones, including craft and crew, we celebrate diversity as a catalyst for innovation, creativity, 
and broader perspectives. Our recruitment practices prioritise talent, potential, and experience, ensuring equal opportunities for all 
candidates and contributing to the enrichment of local economies. (See Sustainability Statements, page 69)
We are committed to hiring local talent, employing over 90 percent local staff in our offices worldwide. Additionally, we leverage our 
international footprint and contracts to provide career development and skills growth for our employees. To date, we have deployed 
more than 300 staff members of various nationalities on international assignments and projects outside their home countries.
In our diverse workplace, greetings like “How are you? would receive a multitude of responses, including “khabar baik”, “muy bien,” 
“sabai dee khráp,” and “Je suis fantastique.”
Our international presence offers opportunities for global mobility, facilitating the exchange of expertise across our regional offices. 
As of this report, we have deployed 180 Malaysians with strong technical capabilities to projects in Mexico, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, Brunei, 
Congo, Dubai, Indonesia, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Our project teams typically consist 
of multinational personnel working collaboratively with colleagues from different regional offices. We also encourage global mobility, 
with several mid-career employees on long-term assignments outside their home countries.
This decision was made based on our recognition of their expertise, which we believed would enhance the efficiency and effectiveness 
of the Group’s operations at the central level. This approach not only broadens horizons for our employees but also strengthens our 
global presence and fosters a vibrant transfer of knowledge and perspectives.
Permanent Transfer
11
1
1
3
2
Brazil to Malaysia
Malaysia to USA
Mexico to Malaysia
Mexico to USA
Malaysia to UK
Malaysia to Brunei
Int. Mobility (Project ENI Congo)
Mexican
USA
Malaysian
Indian
Nigerian
Congolese
Indonesian
Brazilian
British
Azerbaijani
132
7
1
1 1 1 1 1
11
Sapura Energy Berhad
20
Group Overview
JOINT STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN AND  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 23 ----
REDEFINING THE SAPURA ENERGY WAY
The quote “Culture eats Strategy for breakfast,” by Peter Drucker 
holds true. As we navigate our turnaround journey, we recognise 
that strategy alone is insufficient. A successful transformation 
requires a workforce united by the right values and unwavering 
conviction.
That conviction begins with a purpose, and a commitment to 
think, feel and behave in ways that inspire trust. Over the past 
year, we embarked on a mission to redefine Sapura Energy’s 
culture, fostering a team built on three core values of being 
Honest, Accountable, and Respectful. These values are manifested 
through three working principles: Pride in Results, Commitment 
to Collaboration, and Spirit of Innovation. Together, these form 
“Our Way,” guiding us towards a transformative shift that transcends 
mere strategy.
Our cultural transformation began with deep introspection and a 
commitment to align our values with our strategic objectives. We 
adopted a fresh perspective on how we operate, emphasising 
trust, integrity, and collaboration at every level of the organisation. 
To fortify this transformation, we seamlessly weave “Our Way” 
into the fabric of our organisation. Measurable aspects of these 
principles are integrated into critical people processes recruitment, 
talent development, performance management, and succession 
planning. This ensures that “Our Way” resonates throughout every 
aspect of our operations, fostering a cohesive and purpose-driven 
environment.
PRIORITISING ESG
In a year of significant global challenges, Sapura Energy prioritised 
Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) principles across 
all our operations. This commitment reflects our understanding 
that sustainability is essential for long-term success.
Amidst the pressing global call for climate action, we are actively 
examining our operations to align with Malaysia’s target of a 45 
percent reduction in carbon intensity relative to GDP by 2030. 
This includes enhancing our greenhouse gas (“GHG”) and carbon 
reporting to establish a robust baseline, which helps identify 
significant areas for reduction.
We are committed to minimising our environmental footprint by 
focusing on operational efficiency and implementing a waste 
mitigation hierarchy. This hierarchy prioritises Reduction 
(elimination, prevention, minimisation) of waste generation at the 
source. When waste is unavoidable, we focus on Reuse (on or 
offsite) and Recovery options. Disposal remains a last resort. (See 
Sustainability Statements, page 54)
Our expertise in gas development projects and extensive 
decommissioning experience, including platform removals in 
Malaysia, Thailand, and New Zealand, showcase our commitment 
to sustainable practices and tackling climate challenges. These 
efforts align with our strategic transition towards cleaner energy 
sources, carbon footprint reduction, and adapting to industry and 
societal needs.
On the social responsibility front, our commitment to promoting 
Technical and Vocational Education and Training (“TVET”) 
continues to bear fruit. Since the inception of our TVET 
programme in 2019, Sapura Energy’s Sapura Fabrication Training 
Centre (“SFTC”) in Lumut has equipped approximately 320 
students with critical skills and industry knowledge. (See 
Sustainability Statements, page 75)
Our commitment to a skilled Malaysian workforce was further 
strengthened last year through a Memorandum of Cooperation 
(“MoC”) signed with the Government of Malaysia. This collaboration 
aims to reduce reliance on foreign labour while ensuring 
competitive remuneration for our Malaysian workforce.
Moreover, we have entered into agreements with GIATMARA, 
University Technology PETRONAS, and other vocational training 
institutions to foster closer collaboration between industries and 
educational institutions.
Our governance practices are the cornerstone of our operations, 
guided by a commitment to integrity and compliance. The Board 
Audit Committee (“BAC”) and the Board Risk Management 
Committee (“BRMC”) oversee a comprehensive framework of 
policies that are continually reviewed and updated to align with 
the latest regulations and business needs.
In January 2024, we introduced an updated Code of Ethical 
Conduct (“COEC”) to enhance our ethical standards. The revised 
COEC now features dedicated sections on Sexual Harassment, 
and Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (“ABAC”) practices. These 
additions clarify our firm stance against sexual harassment and 
strengthen our preventative measures, fostering a professional 
and respectful workplace. Furthermore, we have expanded access 
to advisory services and implemented more effective training 
programmes to ensure these principles are deeply ingrained in 
Sapura Energy’s way of conducting business.
The Group also introduced several new policies, to further 
strengthen our governance framework. These include Directors’ 
Fit & Proper, Personal Data Protection, Corporate Disclosure, 
Related Party Transactions (“RPT”) and Recurring Related Party 
Transactions (“RRPT”), and Board Diversity policies.
To ensure clear oversight of critical matters, we have increased 
Board-level visibility regarding compliance issues and ongoing 
investigations through the Complaints Investigation Committee 
(“CIC”). This empowers the Board to remain informed and 
engaged with these essential matters.
As a consequence of our robust governance framework, we are 
proud to report zero confirmed corruption incidents in FY2024. 
(See Sustainability Statements, page 80)
Annual Report 2024
21
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 24 ----
FY2025 OUTLOOK
The global offshore oil and gas services market continues to face 
uncertainties, prompting us to maintain a cautiously optimistic 
outlook for FY2025. Upstream investment is anticipated to 
moderate in 2024 as energy producers prioritise resilience, 
sustainability, and efficiency. Industry analysts predict a plateau in 
upstream spending between USD350 billion and USD500 billion, 
reflecting this cautious sentiment.
Increasingly, sustainability concerns and stakeholder pressure are 
driving shifts in operator strategies, particularly among National 
Oil Companies (“NOCs”). As major contributors to global oil and 
gas production, NOCs are expected to place greater emphasis on 
low-carbon initiatives and emissions reduction, particularly those 
aligned with the Oil and Gas Decarbonisation Charter (“OGDC”).
Aligned with the Malaysian government’s National Energy Policy 
2022-2040 and National Energy Transition Roadmap (“NETR”), 
Sapura Energy is also embracing the quest for a low-carbon 
future, by developing a stable of solutions that contribute towards 
an environmentally responsible energy industry.
This includes actively expanding our decommissioning services 
through Kitar Solutions, which offers integrated EPRD services to 
safely remove and recycle decommissioned offshore installations. 
This partnership between Sapura Energy and Norway’s AF 
Offshore Decomm boasts a combined track record of seven rig-
to-reef projects, more than 70 platform removals and nearly 60 
installations recycled, with a 97 percent recycling rate. As a 
participant in the circular economy, Kitar Solutions also plans to 
foster strong links with the local business ecosystem, transferring 
technical skills, capabilities, and expertise, such as recycling and 
repurposing offshore structures, and rope-access. (See 
Sustainability Statements, page 55)
CCUS is a pivotal component in the global energy transition and 
has been identified as a one of the key levers under the NETR. 
According to the International Energy Agency achieving net-zero 
emissions would be extremely challenging without CCUS, and its 
significance extends across various sectors of the energy system. 
CCUS offers Sapura Energy an opportunity to contribute to global 
emission reduction efforts and participate in a growing trend 
toward sustainable energy practices.
34.4
Total bids
30%
RM10.2 bn
70%
RM24.2 bn
6.6
Orderbook
33%
RM2.2 bn
67%
RM4.4 bn
Amounts in RM billion
GROUP BID BOOK 
AND ORDERBOOK
Orderbook replenishment is a challenge, 
but possible with trusted partnerships
Western 
Hemisphere
Note: Not included in the above is non-consolidated gross orderbook of RM7.3 bn, representing 100% of JV portions
Sapura Energy Berhad
22
Group Overview
JOINT STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN AND  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 25 ----
FY2026
>FY2027
FY2025
51%
26%
23%
Drilling
O&M
E&C
49%
26%
25%
In this respect, Sapura Energy is already employing its engineering 
expertise through our subsidiary Peritus International. The 
engineering firm is undertaking the front-end engineering and 
design of a 200 kilometres trunkline in the Aramis project, a high-
priority initiative for reducing carbon emission through an 
interconnected energy system infrastructure in the European 
Union. The project, which aims to significantly reduce CO₂ 
emissions for hard-to-abate industries in Europe, will leverage 
upon our offshore pipeline and subsea engineering expertise and 
previous experience with CO₂ pipeline systems in the North Sea.
Within our O&M segment, the Sapura-Baker Hughes Joint 
Venture anticipates the increasing demand for CCUS solutions 
will create favourable market conditions for the business. Taking 
advantage of this opportunity, we plan to expand our geographical 
footprint by exploring new markets in Southeast Asia and the 
Middle East through strategic joint ventures, bolstering our 
business prospects over the next five years.
While we keep an eye on emerging opportunities in the Energy 
Transition, Sapura Energy will continue to strengthen our core 
capabilities and effectively deliver projects for our energy 
producing clients.
In our Drilling segment, we anticipate sustained high utilisation of 
our rigs, supported by stable oil prices and ongoing demand in 
the offshore drilling sector. While maintaining a prudent approach, 
we are actively exploring growth and diversification opportunities 
to ensure long-term sustainability and expansion.
Our E&C and O&M segments are actively pursuing several 
prospects, focusing on fabrication, transportation & installation, 
and subsea inspection, repair & maintenance. Our O&M business 
will also be expanding its offering to include onshore maintenance 
services.
The Group’s order book, comprising mainly core capability 
projects, currently stands at RM6.6 billion, while the orderbook 
held by the Group’s joint venture and associate entities currently 
stands at RM7.3 billion.
Division
Recognition 
By FY
Orderbook insights
RM6.6
billion
Eastern 
Hemisphere
Annual Report 2024
23
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 26 ----
Restructuring & PN17 Exit
While Sapura Energy continues to expand its growth prospects, the Group remains committed to its comprehensive Reset Plan. We 
will continue to advance this multifaceted strategy this year, including progressing the much-awaited debt restructuring, enhancing 
operational excellence and cultivating a revitalised organisational culture.
Our financial restructuring efforts are integral to Sapura Energy’s long-term financial health. Addressing the multi-currency financing 
and outstanding trade creditor payments, remains a high priority for Sapura Energy in FY2025. We are currently finalising the proof 
of debt exercise, a meticulous undertaking involving records from 2,300 vendors and complex claims from contingent creditors. This 
exercise will pave the way for court-convened meetings, anticipated at the end of the financial year. We also expect to complete the 
divestment of SapuraOMV Upstream for a cash consideration of USD530.3 million this year, which will be a significant stride in our 
Reset Plan.
Exit PN17
Two consecutive profitable quarters
Restructuring Effective Date
Settlement of payments and execution of PRS terms
Regularisation Plan
Submit strategy to ensure we generate sustainable profit. Needs approval from Bursa Malaysia
Court Convened Meeting
Creditors vote on Proposed Restructuring Scheme. Outcome to be sanctioned by court
Proposed Restructuring Scheme 
Complete adjudications & determine size of liabilities. Conclude SOMV sale, White Knight investment
Sapura Energy Berhad
24
Group Overview
JOINT STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN AND  
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 27 ----
Operationally, we will maintain our focus on embedding the tenet of “Bid Right, Execute with Discipline” within our teams, to improve 
project performance and delivery. This will be supported by comprehensive programmes to nurture an organisational culture where 
our people demonstrate pride in results and a commitment to collaboration, while thinking ahead in a spirit of innovation.
In FY2024, we demonstrated resilience and determination in overcoming challenges, to pave the way for recovery. In FY2025, we will 
maintain this momentum by strengthening our core capabilities, developing Energy Transition solutions, and driving our Reset strategy 
to create a trusted, sustainable company for all our stakeholders.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
As we reflect on the past year at Sapura Energy, our heartfelt gratitude goes out to our esteemed shareholders, clients, partners, and 
vendors. Your support has empowered us to progress our Reset plans while successfully completing major projects and drilling 
campaigns in FY2024.
We also take this opportunity to express our appreciation to Dominique De Soras for his dedicated service, and warmly welcome 
Stéphane Denoun as the new CEO of Engineering & Construction. Similarly, we bid farewell to Melissa Lokman, thanking her for her 
contributions and are pleased to introduce Pandai Othman as our new Chief Strategy & Transformation Officer.
In our boardroom, we extend our thanks to Rohaizad Darus for his invaluable contributions as he steps down from his role as a 
Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director. We wish him the best in his future endeavours. We are delighted to welcome Shahin 
Farouque bin Jammal Ahmad, who joins us as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director, bringing new insights that will surely 
enrich our discussions and decisions.
Our heartfelt gratitude to the entire Sapura Energy family for your resilience and commitment to our Reset Plan. Your dedication and 
focus have been instrumental in navigating the complex challenges of the past year.
As we look to the future, your continued efforts will be essential in steering our company towards sustained success and growth. 
Your hard work and dedication do not go unnoticed, and we are deeply grateful for your continued commitment.
Dato’ Mohammad Azlan Abdullah
Chairman
Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib
Group CEO
Annual Report 2024
25
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 28 ----
The priority for the year under review was to maintain and continuously improve enterprise-wide risk management systems and 
processes to ensure the Group’s strategic goals and risk governance oversight functions are met.
The Board Risk Management Committee (“BRMC”) remains focused on the Group’s key enterprise risks. The BRMC reviews the Key 
Risk Indicators and evolving risk trends at every quarter, and, where necessary, additional control measures are introduced by the 
Management to mitigate the risks, supported by the Chief Risk Officer and Group Risk Management.
The unsustainable financial condition remains the most important risk for the Group. Below is a detailed list of its potential impacts, 
and the related mitigation strategies in place:
UNSUSTAINABLE FINANCIAL CONDITION
RISK DESCRIPTION
The Group’s financial condition and its liquidity 
constraints remain a concern. Following on 
from the previous year, the Group is undergoing 
negotiations with its lenders, and has thus far 
continued its moratorium on its debt 
obligations and outstanding payments to trade 
creditors from legacy projects. Delayed 
payments to trade creditors have impacted the 
ability to timely deliver on some projects.
The factors above culminated in Sapura Energy 
being designated as a PN17 listed issuer.
Without active resolution of the mentioned 
items, there could be material adverse impact 
to our future earnings, cash flows and financial 
condition, which could threaten the Group as 
a going concern.
MITIGATION STRATEGY
The sustainability of the Group is dependent on significantly improving its 
liquidity position.
To this effect, the Board and the Management continue to undertake steps to 
regularise operations and the financial conditions of the Group with the 
following:
1. Established a Board Restructuring Taskforce since 28 September 2021 to 
steer and provide oversight on the regularisation plan;
2. Appointed a principal advisor and other financial and legal advisors to 
assist in our debt restructuring exercise, which is now under the purview 
of the Corporate Debt Restructuring Committee;
3. Applied for and was granted to Sapura Energy and 22 of its wholly owned 
subsidiaries Convening and Restraining Orders under Sections 366 and 368 
of the Companies Act 2016 from the High Court of Malaya. The Orders 
under Section 366 of the Act enable each Applicant to summon meetings 
with its creditors, to consider and approve a proposed scheme of 
arrangement and compromise as part of the debt restructuring plan. The 
applicants were also granted a Restraining Order pursuant to Section 368 
of the Act to restrain and stay legal proceedings against them. On 7 March 
2024, Sapura Energy and its 22 wholly owned subsidiaries have been 
granted new Convening and Restraining Orders by the High Court of 
Malaya for a period of 3 months, commencing 11 March 2024; and
4. Restructuring the Group’s business through a Reset Plan to divest non-
core business and assets, improve bidding and project delivery capabilities 
and implement a robust financial framework to ensure financial discipline. 
On 22 April 2024, Sapura Upstream Assets Sdn Bhd entered into a 
conditional Sale and Purchase Agreement to divest its 50 percent equity 
interest in SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn Bhd to TotalEnergies Holdings SAS.
Sapura Energy Berhad
26
Group Overview
KEY RISKS AND MITIGATION

---- Page 29 ----
The following section provides a list of the Group’s other key risks and their mitigation strategies:
STRATEGIC RISKS
RISK DESCRIPTION
Climate Change and Energy Transition
Rising climate change concerns and the effects 
of the energy transition could lead to a 
decrease in demand for fossil fuels, thus 
suppressing oil and gas projects. This may also 
lead to additional regulatory measures and 
compliance obligations, which could lead to 
higher project or operating cost, prevent 
market access, or access to new capital.
If we are not able to keep pace with society’s 
demands for an energy transition to a low-
carbon future, we could fail in sustaining and 
growing our business.
MITIGATION STRATEGY
Our strategy is to grow gas, renewables, and decommissioning projects. We 
have created a dedicated team to build and concentrate our capabilities to 
address sustainability risks and opportunities, including to rapidly improve our 
governance and management frameworks over climate change and energy 
transition. On 27 February 2024, Sapura Energy has officially launched Kitar 
Solutions, a strategic partnership with Norway’s AF Offshore Decom, offering 
Engineering, Preparation, Removal and Disposal decommissioning services in 
the Asia region. In April 2024, the Group’s Sustainability Policy had also been 
approved by the Board.
We acknowledge the importance of setting climate change commitments to 
ensure competitiveness. We will continue to assess the development of energy 
transition risk and opportunities.
Order Book Replenishment
Our order book replenishment is indirectly 
exposed to fluctuating oil and gas prices. A 
low and volatile price environment would 
reduce the likelihood for new upstream oil and 
gas projects to be sanctioned, resulting in 
fewer opportunities to replenish our order 
book.
Our ability to replenish our order book and 
deliver competitive returns also depends in 
part on the accuracy and completeness of our 
costing based on the work scope and terms 
of the contract. If our assumptions proved to 
be incorrect, it could have a material adverse 
effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial 
condition.
The suspension of bank guarantee facilities as 
a result of the above-mentioned financial 
situation further impacted the Group’s ability 
to participate in tenders, thereby restricting the 
orderbook intake, especially the Engineering & 
Construction and Operational & Maintenance 
segment.
We actively monitor oil and gas price trends to enable us to make informed 
decisions during our annual business planning. Our existing business model,  
providing O&G services for the entire Upstream value chain,  diversifies our risk. 
While the Engineering & Construction segment requires robust industry 
conditions for greenfield developments to occur, our Operations & Maintenance 
business is agnostic to oil and gas price trends.
We also seek diversification in our revenue profile through geographical 
coverage. We target our bids on preferred regions, namely Asia Pacific, Africa 
& the Mediterranean, where we have competitive advantage and are within our 
risk appetites.
Improvement initiatives are implemented to strengthen our bidding capabilities 
and processes, streamlining the organisation, and incorporating robust risk 
assessments throughout the tender process. We aim to re-balance the risk 
allocation in new contracts to achieve a fair risk distribution between our clients 
and us. We also developed alternative solutions with our prospective clients to 
mitigate bank guarantee requirements in their tenders.
Competition
We face competition in all our businesses. 
Failure to react to competitive forces by 
managing our costs and operational 
performance could result in a material adverse 
effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial 
condition.
We are addressing cost and efficiency challenges through our Reset Plan.
We benchmark our performance against key competitors and constantly seek 
ways to prepare innovative and competitive bids for projects globally. Where 
appropriate, we leverage on our past performance and experience with our 
existing clients. We also seek to diversify into adjacent markets to provide 
complementary solutions to new clients, as well as utilise our assets and 
technology to drive new business models such as decommissioning services.
Annual Report 2024
27
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 30 ----
OPERATIONAL RISKS
RISK DESCRIPTION
Safety
The nature of our operations exposes us, and 
the communities in which we work, to a wide 
range of safety risks. If a major risk materialises, 
such as an explosion or an asset loss, this 
could result in injuries, loss of life, environmental 
harm, or disruption to business activities. 
Accordingly, this could have a material adverse 
effect on our reputation, earnings, cash flows 
and financial condition.
MITIGATION STRATEGY
We do not tolerate unmanageable safety exposures at any of our worksites. 
We strive for a safety-always culture led by senior leadership throughout the 
organisation and among our clients, partners, and vendors. We have amplified 
and exemplified the “Safety Always” culture across the Group, with increased 
engagement delivered by senior leadership. The restructuring exercise brought 
a more structured and consistent approach to safety, with aligned performance 
indicators, and clear safety targets and goals.
Project Execution
Our ability to remain competitive and profitable 
depends in a large part on the efficient 
execution and timely delivery of projects to 
our clients.
This year, we managed to successfully deliver 
commitments on some of our projects globally 
but was adversely affected by project execution 
challenges for projects in Malaysia and West 
Africa which have been operationally 
completed.
As a result, these execution risks reduce the 
Group’s cash generation ability which in turn 
impacted our financial position and reputation.
Through the Reset Plan, we seek to introduce greater discipline in our project 
execution and delivery performance. This includes streamlining our organisation 
with regional focus in the Eastern and Western Hemispheres, taking a risk-based 
approach for project execution and enhancing contract management and cost 
discipline. We also collaborate closely with our clients and suppliers. In 
December 2023, the E&C segment launched the Project Management Academy 
to roll-out comprehensive training and development programmes to enhance 
our employees’ skills and knowledge, preparing our workforce to perform to 
the highest standards.
Retention of talents and skilled employees
Building a high-performing workforce to 
deliver our strategic objectives depends greatly 
on our ability to attract, develop, and retain 
competent and skilled employees.
The financial situation of the company has 
heightened the risk of losing employees with 
the critical competencies to support the 
Group’s turnaround.
We undertook several initiatives this year to curb the exodus of talent and retain 
our core capabilities. This includes creating a more robust platform for our 
employees’ career advancement and professional development, enhancing 
engagement and transparent communications to keep our teams well-informed 
about the Group’s strategic direction, and harmonising our rewards structure 
to ensure equitable compensation for our people. These initiatives were  
developed based on the guiding principles of affordability, sustainability, fairness 
and equity, as well as pay for performance.
We enhanced efforts to develop our people and strengthen their capabilities. 
These include technical and leadership assessments, introducing a dual career 
ladder to retain talent and provide opportunities for specialist roles from technical 
and non-technical positions, and ensuring succession planning for critical roles.
Cybersecurity
Our operations are heavily dependent on our 
information technology infrastructure and 
applications. A serious cybersecurity incident 
could cripple our ability to operate or operate 
safely. This could have an adverse impact on 
our reputation, earnings, cashflows and 
financial position.
We follow cybersecurity practices and processes baselined against industry best 
practices (NIST, ISO27001) and use various detection and prevention technologies 
to safeguard our IT systems against internal and external threats.
We continuously monitor and review our security posture to ensure effectiveness 
against evolving cybersecurity risks and threats. We do this by keeping abreast 
with updates of the cybersecurity threat landscape and business environment.
We also engage external cybersecurity experts to perform various types of 
security assessments on our IT systems.
Sapura Energy Berhad
28
Group Overview
KEY RISKS AND MITIGATION

---- Page 31 ----
CONDUCT RISKS
RISK DESCRIPTION
Compliance to Anti-Bribery & Corruption, 
Anti-Competition and Data Privacy Laws
Violations of these laws by any of our 
employees or contractor staff could lead to 
heavy fines and other criminal penalties to be 
imposed on the individual(s) concerned, and/
or the Group and/or the Directors of our 
parent or subsidiary companies. This could 
also result in the suspension of our licence to 
operate and an adverse effect on our 
reputation.
MITIGATION STRATEGY
We provide mandatory trainings on Code of Ethical Conduct and Anti-
Corruption to our new joiners and existing staff, to be repeated every 2 years. 
We practice a zero-tolerance policy for non-compliance and have strict 
guidelines on gift policies. We select our vendors after being checked against 
recognised external compliance trackers.
We practice an open-door policy but also have an external Whistleblowing 
system to allow for anonymous reporting.
Reputation
An erosion of our business reputation could 
have adverse effects on our brand and 
credibility, upon which we build trusted 
partnerships with our key stakeholders. This 
could lead to adverse effect on our license to 
operate and our ability to compete in global 
markets.
In the immediate term, our unsustainable 
financial condition described above has cast a 
negative light on the Group, its past and 
present Management and the Board, as well as 
our major shareholders.
In the longer term, societal expectations of 
businesses are increasing, with a focus on 
environmental, social and governance matters. 
Real or perceived failures of governance or a 
perceived lack of understanding of how our 
operations affect surrounding communities 
and environment could harm our reputation.
Reputational risk management is part of Board oversight at Sapura Energy. The 
Board limits the risk of reputational damage by ensuring the Group conducts 
itself with the highest standards of good governance, sustainability, and 
integrity. The Board and senior management also regularly discuss potential 
issues that may impact the Group’s standing and plan strategic steps to mitigate 
them.
To prevent the possibility of reputational damage through our own actions, we 
continuously embed our culture within our workforce. We build trust by taking 
pride in our results, committing to collaboration, and striving to innovate in our 
interactions with stakeholders. By embodying the principles of honesty, 
accountability, and respect, we ensure that our employees act ethically and 
uphold our standards of safety and professionalism.
Our Code of Ethical Conduct informs our employees and contract staff of the 
conduct and behaviours expected of them when working with the Group.
Stakeholder management is also a component in senior leaders’ KPIs, which in 
turn are cascaded to the relevant teams in the organisation. Our ability to 
create constructive interactions with stakeholders result in strong relationships, 
which will be crucial in resolving reputational issues. Part of the effort includes 
transparent and balanced reporting of our performance through regular 
engagements with clients, investors, market analysts and the media.
To identify emerging reputational threats, Sapura Energy implements daily 
media monitoring to review news coverage and social media posts commenting 
on the Group, selected peers, and the energy industry.
We also continuously enhance our crisis communications preparedness through 
emergency response procedures, drills, and training.
Annual Report 2024
29
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 32 ----
6,449
5,348
4,100
4,551 4,318
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
9,183 8,946
85
(2,879)
(4,183)
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
(1,267)
(32)
(3,326)
(483) (387)
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
22,748 22,665
16,069
12,703
13,996
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
9,484 9,843 9,940 9,766 9,529
2020 2021 2022 2023 20242020 2021 2022 2023 2024
(4,565)
(160)
(9,061)
(3,176)
(519)
6,449
5,348
4,100
4,551 4,318
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
9,183 8,946
85
(2,879)
(4,183)
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
(1,267)
(32)
(3,326)
(483) (387)
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
22,748 22,665
16,069
12,703
13,996
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
9,484 9,843 9,940 9,766 9,529
2020 2021 2022 2023 20242020 2021 2022 2023 2024
(4,565)
(160)
(9,061)
(3,176)
(519)
6,449
5,348
4,100
4,551 4,318
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
9,183 8,946
85
(2,879)
(4,183)
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
(1,267)
(32)
(3,326)
(483) (387)
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
22,748 22,665
16,069
12,703
13,996
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
9,484 9,843 9,940 9,766 9,529
2020 2021 2022 2023 20242020 2021 2022 2023 2024
(4,565)
(160)
(9,061)
(3,176)
(519)
Revenue
(RM’mil)
Loss before tax and impairment
(RM’mil)
Loss after tax
(RM’mil)
Shareholders’ fund/(deficit)
(RM’mil)
Total assets
(RM’mil)
Net debt
(RM’mil)
Sapura Energy Berhad
30
Group Overview
FIVE-YEAR GROUP FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

---- Page 33 ----
FY20
RM’mil
FY21
RM’mil
FY22
RM’mil
FY23
RM’mil
FY24
RM’mil
OPERATING RESULTS
Revenue 6,449 5,348 4,100 4,551 4,318
Loss before tax and impairment (1,267) (32) (3,326) (483) (387)
Loss before tax (4,552) (32) (8,932) (3,104) (413)
Loss after tax (4,565) (160) (9,061) (3,176) (519)
KEY STATEMENT OF  
FINANCIAL POSITION DATA
Cash, deposits and bank balances 772 489 718 850 1,454
Total assets 22,748 22,665 16,069 12,703 13,996
Borrowings 10,256 10,332 10,658 10,616 10,982
Total liabilities 13,574 13,728 15,991 15,609 18,217
Shareholders’ fund/(deficit) 9,183 8,946 85 (2,879) (4,183)
Loss per share (sen) (28.60) (1.01) (56.67) (19.76) (3.17)
Net assets/(liabilities) per share (RM) 0.57 0.56 0.01 (0.19) (0.23)
Net debt to equity (times) 1.03 1.10 116.94 N/A^ N/A^
Net debt 9,484 9,843 9,940 9,766 9,529
^ During the financial year and FY23, the Group did not present its gearing ratio due to the shareholders’ deficit position.
Annual Report 2024
31
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
FIVE-YEAR GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY

---- Page 34 ----
Sapura Energy Berhad (“Sapura Energy”) and its subsidiaries and 
associates (“the Group”) acknowledges the importance of 
conducting our operations with sustainability at the forefront. We 
achieve this by upholding our commitment of prioritising the 
well-being of our employees, minimising our environmental 
impact, and creating value for stakeholders and the wider 
community. As we integrate the environmental, social, and 
governance (“ESG”) principles into our daily practices, we strive 
to ensure sustainable outcomes across all aspects of our 
operations.
In January 2024, we introduced significant enhancements to our 
Code of Ethical Conduct by including a new section addressing 
Sexual Harassment to foster a safe and respectful work 
environment for all employees. We then aligned our Anti-Bribery 
and Anti-Corruption and Whistleblowing policies with the recent 
modifications in our organisational structure, to better address 
unethical practices across all levels. Sapura Energy further 
developed new policies including the Sustainability Policy, 
Directors’ Fit & Proper Policy, Personal Data Protection Policy, 
Corporate Disclosure Policy, and Board Diversity Policy.
To meet the demand for integrated decommissioning services in 
Southeast Asia and to support the nation’s energy transition goals, 
the Group has introduced Kitar Solutions. Kitar Solutions is the 
outcome of a strategic partnership with AF Offshore, a well-
established Norwegian company specialising in customised 
decommissioning solutions in the North Sea. Combined with our 
Group’s strategic heavy lift assets and fabrication yard in Lumut, 
Kitar Solutions aims to simplify the decommissioning process 
through integrated Engineering, Preparations, Removal, and 
Disposal (EPRD) services.
The inception of Kitar Solutions marks a significant step in the 
expansion of the Group’s business segment’s decommissioning 
portfolio, reflecting the company’s aim to contribute towards a 
circular economy within the region. Through Kitar Solutions, 
Sapura Energy and AF Offshore have plans to improve existing 
facilities at Sapura Energy’s fabrication yard in Lumut, aligned with 
its aim to meet the highest environmental standards in waste 
management and recycling.
Given the critical importance of safety in the oil and gas industry, 
the Group focused on Occupational Safety and Health (“OSH”) 
standards throughout the reporting period by implementing a 
range of initiatives at various organisational levels. At the Group’s 
management level, the review of Quality, Health, Safety, and 
Environment (“QHSE”) Operational Key Performance Indicators 
(“KPI”s) is conducted annually. This review ensures alignment with 
corporate objectives. Hence, all Executive Committee (“EXCO”) 
members are entrusted with eight (8) QHSE KPIs that are 
monitored monthly during EXCO meetings to uphold 
accountability. Mandatory OSH programmes and campaigns, 
including the Hand and Finger Prevention Campaign and monthly 
Life Saving Rule topic sharing sessions, further contribute to 
ongoing awareness and skill development. As a result of these 
efforts, our Lost Time Injury Frequency (“LTIF”) experienced a 
significant 56 percent reduction in the financial year ended 31 
January 2024 (“FY2024”), dropping from 0.62 to 0.27 compared 
to the previous year.
Sapura Energy Berhad
32
Group Overview
INSIDE SAPURA ENERGY’S SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

---- Page 35 ----
ESTABLISHING OUR SCOPE AND BOUNDARY
This Statement encompasses the performance of our ESG initiatives within our investment holding company and four primary business 
divisions: Engineering and Construction (“E&C”), Operations and Maintenance (“O&M”), Drilling, and Corporate. It provides information 
on subsidiaries under our operational control, spanning operations across six continents, including our Headquarters in Malaysia. 
Covering the period between 1 February 2023 and 31 January 2024 this Statement pertains to FY2024.
DEFINING OUR REPORTING APPROACH
In accordance with the Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, this statement was prepared 
with reference to the Bursa Malaysia Sustainability Reporting Guide (3rd Edition) and the Illustrative Sustainability Reporting Guide 
(“ISRG”). It further incorporates references to the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards and United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (“UN SDGs”). These frameworks and guidelines ensure transparent and reliable reporting that provides a 
comprehensive account of our sustainability progress and accomplishments to our stakeholders.
DATA VERIFICATION
The Group is committed in providing reliable non-financial disclosures and has in place internal data monitoring and verification 
procedures to ensure accuracy. Acknowledging the importance of third-party verification for reporting integrity, we aim to seek 
external assurance to bolster the credibility of future disclosures.
VALUING FEEDBACK
We continually strive to improve our Sustainability Statements and value feedback from our stakeholders and readers. Please share 
your suggestions and inquiries using the contact details provided below:
sustainability@sapuraenergy.com
03-8659 8800
2
1
3
4
5
6
13 14
1812
7
10
20
8
9
15
16
11 17
19
21
22
23
United States 
of America1
Mexico2
Trinidad & Tobago3
Brazil4
United Kingdom5
Netherlands6
Ghana7
Equatorial Guinea8
Gabon9
Republic of 
the Congo10
Angola11
Saudi Arabia12
United Arab Emirates13
India14
Thailand15
Malaysia16
Singapore17
Myanmar18
Vietnam19
Brunei20
Indonesia21
Australia22
New Zealand23
Annual Report 2024
33
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 36 ----
2017
• First Sustainability Statement integrated 
in the Annual Report
• Disclosed economic, governance, 
environmental and social initiatives
• Conducted materiality assessment and 
identified seven (7) material matters
• Identified seven (7) stakeholder groups
2021-2022
• Established six (6) core values and five (5) 
principles to embed ESG practices in business 
operations
• Mapped out the Group’s goals to 11 UN SDGs
• Began participation in renewable energy 
development and won the Group’s first offshore 
wind farm installation project in Taiwan
• Began the assessment on industry best practices 
in climate-related reporting
2019-2020
• Established a Sustainability Framework consisting 
of two strategic thrusts namely Risk Governance 
and Sustainability Leadership
• Re-defined three (3) focus areas framed by 
Economic, Environmental and Social (“EES”) 
factors; (1) Ensuring Business Sustainability, (2) 
Ensuring No Harm to Our People and 
Environment, (3) Nurturing and Developing Our 
Talent
• Re-assessed material matters with internal and 
external stakeholders on 17 material matters 
and identified nine (9) top material matters
2024
• Established the Group’s Sustainability Policy
• Began assessing and reporting on climate-
related disclosures
• Identified nine (9) stakeholder groups
• Focused on five (5) UN SDGs
2023
• Retained the top nine (9) identified material 
matters
• Implemented three (3) Group-wide and nine (9) 
Business & Regional initiatives in efforts to 
minimise environmental impacts and maintain 
compliance with environmental regulations
• Implemented Shell’s Greenhouse Gas Reduction 
campaign at Sapura Esperanza’s rig work on 
Malikai Phase 2 and managed to reduce 5.86 
kilo tonnes of carbon equivalent, reduce waste 
by 90%, reduce electricity consumption by 
15,552 kWh and avoided the use and purchase 
of more than 57,600 plastic bottles
2018
• Established Sustainability Governance 
Structure
• Defined three (3) focus areas in the 
Sustainability Framework; Sustainable 
Operations, Nurturing Talent and 
Developing Communities, and Health, 
Safety and Environment
• Re-assessed six (6) material matters
• Launched a Whistleblowing Helpline
Sapura Energy Berhad
34
Group Overview
CHARTING A SUSTAINABLE PATH FORWARD

---- Page 37 ----
Strengthening Integrity and Governance
88%
of total employees attended training on anti-
corruption
Zero
substantiated complaints concerning customer 
privacy and losses of customer data
Zero
major fines for non-compliance with 
environmental and social laws and regulations
Zero
instances of confirmed corruption incidents
Sustainable Economic Growth Shifting Towards Low-Carbon
Caring for Our People
82.5%
customer satisfaction score in FY2024
47%
total suppliers and vendors are local to the 
operations
11%
decrease in Scope 2 GHG emissions
13,072 tonnes
of metal scrap were recycled across Sapura 
Energy, with 90% from Total Marine Technology 
(“TMT”) Puchong and the fabrication yard in 
Lumut
38,567
total training hours provided to our employees 
Group-wide
Zero
substantiated and reported complaints against 
human rights violations
56%
reduction in the LTIF compared to the previous 
year
13,043
total attendees trained on Health & Safety, 
comprising employees, contract staff, contractors, 
and visitors
Annual Report 2024
35
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
2024 KEY SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS

---- Page 38 ----
ESG FRAMEWORK
Sapura Energy’s ESG framework stands as the foundation of our operations where it guides us toward a sustainable future. Rooted 
in our vision and mission, the framework embodies our core values and purpose to uphold environmental, social, and governance 
excellence. By aligning with our ESG core principles, we realise our vision of being a trusted energy solutions partner while upholding 
our mission of delivering optimum solutions through human ingenuity, technical expertise, and strategic assets.
Our Vision Your trusted energy solutions partner
Our Purpose Enabling a better world through energy solutions
Our Mission Safely delivering optimum solutions globally through the synergies of human ingenuity, technical 
expertise, and strategic assets
At the core of our operations is “Our Way”—a creed founded on the values of being Honest, Accountable, 
and Respectful. This philosophy isn’t just words; it’s a commitment to excellence and standing by these 
pillars: Pride in Results, Commitment to Collaboration and Spirit of Innovation. Together, these principles 
shape our culture, uniting us as a cohesive team driving towards a common goal.
Our Sustainability Pillars and Material Sustainability Matters
Sustainable  
Economic Growth
Shifting Towards 
Low-Carbon
Caring for Our 
People
Strengthening Integrity 
and Governance
• Good Governance and 
Anti-Corruption
• Risk Management
• Environmental and Social 
Compliance
• Client Engagement
• Capital Management and 
Debt Restructuring
• Asset Capacity and Integrity
• Supply Chain Management
• Pollution and Waste 
Management
• Climate Change and 
Emissions
• Energy Management
• Occupational Health and 
Safety
• Labour and Human Rights
• Equal Opportunity, Diversity 
and Inclusivity
• Community and Society
Our Strategic Enablers
Our Core 
Values
Organisational 
Culture
Encourage responsibility, 
accountability and 
sustainability across all 
business operations
Performance-Driven 
KPIs and Targets
Optimise performance, 
compliance and business 
success via data-backed 
performance KPIs and 
targets
Leadership and 
Governance
Foster ethical 
management practices to 
enhance effective 
governance within the 
organisation
Communications and 
Engagement
Promote clear, 
multidirectional 
communication with 
stakeholders and 
customers to ensure 
alignment with vision 
and mission
Visionary 
Mindset
Continued focus on 
long-range planning and 
big picture thinking to 
cement enduring future 
of Sapura Energy’s 
operations, products and 
services
Sapura Energy Berhad
36
Group Overview
OUR STRATEGIC APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

---- Page 39 ----
Our Strategic Stakeholders
Our Contribution to the UN SDGs
Our Alignment with Relevant Frameworks and Standards
SAPURA ENERGY’S SUSTAINABILITY POLICY
Our Sustainability Policy guides our philosophy, principles, and commitments across economic, environmental, social, and governance 
aspects. Grounded in responsible stewardship, we integrate sustainability throughout our operations. We are committed to fostering 
economic prosperity, reducing environmental impact, promoting social equity, and upholding strong governance for long-term  
value creation.
Sustainability Policy
Sapura Energy Berhad is dedicated to integrating economic, environmental, social, and governance (EESG) principles into its 
operations. This commitment is pivotal for bolstering long-term stakeholder value and enhancing the well-being of the 
communities we serve worldwide.
Our Companies Shall
• Embed sustainability best practices in all business decisions to mitigate risks, create value, and seize opportunities.
• Foster equitable and inclusive development in local communities.
• Ensure clean, safe, healthy, and fair working conditions for employees and associates.
• Adhere to the highest standards of governance, regulations, and industry norms.
Our Commitments
• Client Engagement
• Capital Management & 
Debt Restructuring
• Asset Capacity & 
Integrity
• Supply Chain 
Management
• Pollution and Waste 
Management
• Climate Change & 
Emission
• Energy Management
• Water Consumption
• Occupational Health & 
Safety
• Labour and Human 
Rights
• Equal Opportunity, 
Diversity & Inclusivity
• Community and Society
• Good Governance & 
Anti-Corruption
• Risk Management
• Environmental & Social 
Compliance
Economic Environmental Social Governance
Shareholders & 
InvestorsSI Government and 
Regulatory AuthoritiesGR Financial 
InstitutionsFI EmployeesEM Business 
Associates
Client/Project 
Partners
BA
CPSuppliers and  
Service ProvidersSS MediaME Local 
CommunityLC NGONG
Annual Report 2024
37
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 40 ----
INTEGRATING THE GLOBAL GOALS
The United Nations has established 17 Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) to confront the most pressing challenges faced by 
the world today and aiming to create a more just and sustainable future for all. In line with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable 
Development, Sapura Energy has embraced four UN SDGs and associated targets that align closely with the Group’s operations and 
areas of greatest potential impact.
UN SDG Target Alignment Our Contribution
 8.6 Proportion of youth in 
employment, education or 
training
• Aligned with the Malaysian government’s agenda to enhance the 
labour market through Technical and Vocational Education and 
Training (“TVET”) programmes
• Offered 160 Management Trainee and Internship placements in 
FY2023 and FY2024
 8.8 Protect labour rights and 
promote safe and secure 
working environments for all 
workers
• Review of Labour and Human Rights Policy
• 56 percent reduction in LTIF compared to the previous year
• 13,043 total attendees trained on Health & Safety, comprising 
employees, contract staff, contractors, and visitors
• 14,762 total training hours for health and safety in FY2024
• Zero substantiated and reported complaints against human rights 
violations
 12.2 Achieve the sustainable 
management and efficient 
use of natural resource
• Launched Kitar Solutions through a strategic collaboration with 
AF Offshore Decom. The joint venture offers clients end-to-end 
engineering, preparation, removal and disposal (“EPRD”) solutions 
to ensure  environmentally responsible offshore decommissioning
 12.4 Significantly reduce the 
release of chemicals to the 
water
• Recorded four minor oil spill incidents in FY2024, indicating 
75  percent reduction of incidents from FY2023
 12.5 Reduce waste 
generation through 
prevention, reduction, 
recycling and reuse
• A total of 13,072 tonnes of metal scrap waste was recycled 
across the Group, with more than 90 percent from TMT Puchong 
and the fabrication yard in Lumut for FY2024
 13.1 Strengthen resilience 
and adaptation to climate-
related hazards
• Commenced Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions 
reporting
• Implemented initiative to achieve 11 percent reduction in Scope 2 
emissions compared to FY2023
 13.2 Integrate climate change 
measures into strategies and 
planning
• Established commitment to Climate Change & Energy in the 
Group’s Sustainability Policy
• Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan (“SEEMP”) in place 
designed to optimise energy usage, reduce carbon intensity from 
Scope 1 emissions and minimise environmental impact
 16.5 Substantially reduce 
corruption and bribery
• Zero instances of confirmed corruption incidents in FY2023 and 
FY2024, indicating reduction from 2 incidents recorded in FY2022
• 88 percent of total employees attended training on anti-corruption
 16.6 Develop effective, 
accountable and transparent 
institutions at all levels
Established a list of policies to ensure effective, accountable and 
transparent governance:
• Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
• Board Diversity Policy
• Whistleblowing Policy
• Personal Data Protection Policy
Sapura Energy Berhad
38
Group Overview
OUR STRATEGIC APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

---- Page 41 ----
Our Goals Key Performance Indicators FY2024 Result
Sustainable 
Economic Growth
 Client Engagement
(i) Achieve above 62 percent of customer satisfaction score
Shifting Towards 
Low-Carbon
 Climate Change and Emissions
(i) Establish a baseline year for GHG Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 
31  January 2024
 Pollution and Waste Management
(i) Achieve zero spill (>1 barrel) to the environment
Caring for
Our People
 Occupational Health & Safety
(i) Control Total Recordable Case Frequency (“TRCF”) including work 
related injuries < 1.5/annum
(ii) New employees undergo Health and Safety induction
(iii) Visitors to Sapura Energy’s facilities receive Health and Safety orientation
(iv) Project team members, including contractors, undergo project-specific 
Health and Safety induction
 Labour and Human Rights
(i) Maintain zero cases of substantiated complaints of human rights 
violation annually
 Equal Opportunity, Diversity and Inclusivity
(i) Achieve an average of 16 training hours per employee annually
(ii) Attain a 5 percent representation of women in Senior Management and 
Management Levels by 31 January 2024
Strengthening 
Integrity and 
Governance
 Corporate Governance & Anti-Corruption
(i) Maintain zero incidents of bribery and corruption
(ii) Maintain zero customer privacy breaches and data losses
SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE SCORECARD
Sustainability KPIs serve as crucial metrics to monitor progress, drive continuous improvement and safeguard the long-term 
sustainability and resilience of our operations as an energy solutions provider. By meticulously tracking these KPIs, we evaluate our 
commitment to sustainability and actively drive the responsible management of natural resources. This strategic approach enhances 
environmental integrity and delivers tangible benefits to the communities in which we operate.
Legends: In ProgressAchieved
Annual Report 2024
39
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 42 ----
REINFORCING INTEGRITY WITH ETHICAL GOVERNANCE
The Board of Directors (“Board”) is the highest authority overseeing sustainability. The Board Risk Management Committee (“BRMC”) 
supports the Board by managing all sustainability matters for the Group. The BRMC ensures adherence to relevant standards, 
governance, and regulatory requirements, and oversees sustainability strategies, issues, and communication plans.
The Group Chief Executive Officer (“GCEO”), supported by the Chief Strategy Officer, is responsible for formulating sustainability 
strategies and plans, ensuring that the Group’s business aligns with the Board’s direction. The GCEO is assisted by the EXCO and the 
Risk Management Department, who strategically manage the Group’s sustainability efforts and integrate sustainability into operations.
Business and functional unit heads are tasked with implementing sustainability initiatives in line with established programmes throughout 
daily operations. They collaborate closely with the Risk Management Department and the EXCO to address identified sustainability 
risks and enhance value for the Company and its stakeholders.
RISK MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
(Reports Progress)
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE
BUSINESS & FUNCTIONAL UNITS
(Implement)
BOARD RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
(Provide Oversight)
CHIEF STRATEGY & TRANSFORMATION OFFICER
(Design Strategy & Plan)
GROUP CEO
(Set Direction)
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
(Track Implementation)
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Sapura Energy Berhad
40
Group Overview
OUR STRATEGIC APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

---- Page 43 ----
UNDERSTANDING OUR STAKEHOLDERS’ PERSPECTIVE
Sapura Energy engages with stakeholders to identify critical material concerns and incorporate their perspectives into our business 
plans. By utilising established channels and feedback mechanisms, we gain insights into their priorities, enabling us to refine our 
sustainability objectives to address their needs effectively.
SHAREHOLDERS & INVESTORS
GOVERNMENT & REGULATORY AUTHORITIES
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
Individuals, institutions, or funds providing capital and financial support to help facilitate business growth, enhance liquidity, 
and foster investor confidence in the Group’s performance and strategic direction.
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
Government and regulatory authorities, including local, national, and international bodies, contribute to the Group’s value by 
establishing and enforcing industry standards, regulations, and policies, ensuring compliance, and fostering a stable operating 
environment conducive to sustainable business growth and development.
 How We Have Engaged
• Investor Relations microsite
• Media releases
• Analyst briefings
• Annual General Meeting
• Annual Report
• Corporate website
 Issues Raised
• Sustainable financial and operational performance
• Good governance
• Business practices
 How We Have Engaged
• Surveys and inspections
• Regulatory audits
 Issues Raised
• Compliance
• Transparency and good governance
• Economic performance
• Embedding ESG in decision-making process and 
business operations
• Code of Ethical Conduct, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
Policy, Whistleblowing Policy
Strategic Response
• Code of Ethical Conduct, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
Policy, Whistleblowing Policy
• Risk assessment on bribery and corruption across 
high-risk departments
• Zero-tolerance approach towards bribery and corruption
Strategic Response
SI
GR
Annual Report 2024
41
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 44 ----
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
EMPLOYEES
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
Financial institutions, such as banks and investment firms, provide access to capital, financing opportunities, and strategic 
financial advice, enabling the Group to fund its operations, execute projects, and pursue growth initiatives while managing 
financial risks effectively.
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
The Group’s dedicated workforce, contributing value through their expertise, innovation, and commitment to operational excellence.
 How We Have Engaged
• Physical and virtual engagements
• Annual Report
• Analyst briefings
• Annual General Meeting
 Issues Raised
• Debt repayment plan
• Financial performance and reputation
• ESG commitment
• Business strategy
• Compliance
• Risk Management
 How We Have Engaged
• Briefings to employees
• Employee town halls
• Engagement with specific groups for talent retention
• Global Leadership Huddle
• GCEO note to employees
 Issues Raised
• Career growth
• Job security
• Health, safety and well-being
• Diversity and inclusion
• Talent development
• Optimise debt and capital structure
• Conduct financial audits and reviews
• Engage with stakeholders to understand concerns and 
expectations related to ESG practices
• Review and refine the Group’s business strategy
• Strengthen internal controls and governance structures 
to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements
• Risk management framework
Strategic Response
• HSE policies and procedures
• Hiring and promoting based on merit
• Formal training (classroom & online), on-the-job 
learning, and coaching for talent development
Strategic Response
FI
EM
Sapura Energy Berhad
42
Group Overview
OUR STRATEGIC APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

---- Page 45 ----
BUSINESS ASSOCIATES
SUPPLIERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS
MEDIA
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
Joint venture partners who collaborate with the Group, contributing value through their expertise, resources, and strategic 
alliances, enabling efficient project execution, innovation, and the delivery of comprehensive solutions to clients while fostering 
long-term business relationships.
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
Suppliers and service providers provide quality materials, equipment, and support services, contributing to value through timely 
delivery, reliability, and innovation, ensuring operational efficiency, and facilitating the Group’s ability to deliver high-quality 
projects and services to the clients.
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
Mass communication platform to disseminate news to external parties and engage with stakeholders, contributing value by 
fostering transparency and promote awareness of the Group’s achievements and initiatives.
 How We Have Engaged
• Meetings
• Joint site visits
• Joint workshops and training
• Business Associates-Board engagements
 Issues Raised
• Equal opportunities
• Sustainable operations and performance
• Environmental management
 How We Have Engaged
• Medium to long-term agreements
• Site visits and supervision
 Issues Raised
• Ethical supply chain management
• Timely payment
• Quality of equipment supplied and services provided
• Equal opportunities for work and compensation
 How We Have Engaged
• Corporate updates/announcement
• Quarterly results announcement
• Press releases
 Issues Raised
• The Group’s performance and business strategy
• New project launch and future prospects
• Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”)
• Embedding ESG in decision-making process and 
business operations
• Health, Safety and Environment Policy
• Cost restructuring
Strategic Response
• Code of Ethical Conduct, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
Policy, Whistleblowing Policy
• Zero-tolerance approach towards bribery and corruption
• Finalise a fair and equitable Proposed Restructuring 
Scheme (“PRS”) and regularisation plan for its 
stakeholders
• Vendor categorisation
Strategic Response
• Issuing press releases or statements
• Media interviews/press conferences
• Announcing major business developments through 
targeted media campaigns
• Collaborate with media partners to amplify the reach 
and impact of CSR programmes
Strategic Response
BA
SS
ME
Annual Report 2024
43
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 46 ----
NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANISATIONS (NGOs)
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
NGOs such as the Food Aid Foundation contribute to Sapura Energy’s value by facilitating volunteer work, providing access 
to communities in need, supporting facilities, infrastructure, and logistics, and ensuring due diligence to channel our resources 
to the right beneficiaries as an accedited organisation.
 How We Have Engaged
• Periodic meetings
• Pre-engagement briefing on operations
• Site visit to facilities and centres
 Issues Raised
• Fundraising
• Volunteer manpower
• Operational challenges
• Reduce dependence on single source funding
• Collaborate with employees to enlist volunteers
• Prioritise and allocate resources to high-impact areas 
effectively
Strategic Response
LOCAL COMMUNITY
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
General public or local businesses in the vicinity of the Group’s operations, contributing value through collaboration, support, and 
constructive engagement, thereby fostering positive relationships and ensuring the social license to operate within their communities.
 How We Have Engaged
• Website
• Social media
• Local authorities
• Government agencies
• Charitable or non-profit/non-government organisations 
(NGOs)
 Issues Raised
• Employment opportunities
• Local economic impact
• Community outreach
• Hiring local talent
• Providing upskilling opportunities and developing new 
and existing talent
• Providing economic opportunities to local vendors
• CSR activities within the vicinities of our operations to 
build better community and help those in need
Strategic Response
LC
NG
CLIENT/PROJECT PARTNERS
Who They are and How They Contribute to Value
Clients and project partners of the Group include major oil and gas companies, contributing to value by providing significant 
contracts and collaborative opportunities that enhance Sapura Energy’s operational capabilities and market reach.
 How We Have Engaged
• Long-term contracts and agreements
• Joint ventures and strategic alliances
• Integrated project delivery
• Regular performance reviews and feedback mechanism
 Issues Raised
• Project executions and timeliness
• Cost management
• Operational efficiency
• Quality and safety standards
• Communication and reporting
• Enhance project management
• Optimise operations
• Uphold quality and safety excellence
• Improve client engagement
Strategic Response
CP
Sapura Energy Berhad
44
Group Overview
OUR STRATEGIC APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

---- Page 47 ----
IDENTIFYING WHAT MATTERS
Materiality assessments play a vital role in identifying and prioritising issues that are most significant to our business and stakeholders. 
We are able to determine ESG risks and opportunities within our key operating sectors, steering our strategic approach and guiding 
our resource allocation.
Materiality assessments serve as a cornerstone in identifying and prioritising issues of utmost importance to our business and 
stakeholders. Through these assessments, we discern ESG risks and opportunities within our key operating sectors, shaping our strategic 
approach and guiding resource allocation effectively.
In FY2024, we conducted a reassessment that identified 14 key sustainability matters in line with Bursa Malaysia’s Listing Requirements. 
This reassessment allows us to stay at the forefront of the evolving sustainability landscape, continually improve our reporting practices, 
and ensure alignment with stakeholder expectations and corporate strategy.
DISCOVERING KEY ESG TOPICS
A materiality matrix was constructed by compiling survey data gathered from both internal and external stakeholder consultations, 
structured to illustrate the significance assigned to different issues by our stakeholders, with the top right quadrant indicating matters 
of highest priority.
The assessment results provided valuable insights into stakeholder perceptions regarding the relative importance and relevance of 
these issues concerning the Group, as well as the Group’s impact on them. Following a comprehensive analysis, Good Governance 
and Anti-Corruption, Occupational Safety and Health, Risk Management, Client Engagement, and Labour and Human Rights  
emerged as the top five material sustainability concerns for FY2024.
Identification of Material 
Sustainability Matters
• Conducted review of:
– Internal and external 
sources
– Feedback and input 
from stakeholders 
obtained through 
engagements
Prioritisation of 
Material Matters and 
Generation of 
Materiality Matrix
• Determine relative 
importance and 
materiality of business 
sustainability matters 
through impact 
assessment
Review and Validation 
of Material 
Sustainability Matters
• List of material 
sustainability matters 
was reviewed by the 
Senior Management 
and approved by the 
Board
1
 2
3
Annual Report 2024
45
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

---- Page 48 ----
MAPPING OUR MATERIAL MATTERS
Material sustainability matters are inherently connected through our ESG pillars, key stakeholder groups and UN SDGs. They play a 
crucial role in identifying and exploring pertinent matters impacting the Group’s performance. In embracing these interconnections, 
we navigate a path towards holistic sustainability that strengthens our commitment to responsible business practices and contributes 
meaningfully to the broader objectives outlined by our stakeholders and the UN SDGs.
Sustainable  
Economic Growth
04 Client Engagement
06
Capital Management 
and Debt 
Restructuring
07 Asset Capacity and 
Integrity
08 Supply Chain 
Management
Shifting Towards 
Low-Carbon
10 Pollution and Waste 
Management
12 Climate Change and 
Emissions
13 Energy Management
Caring for  
Our People
02 Occupational Health  
and Safety
05 Labour and Human 
Rights
11
Equal Opportunity, 
Diversity and 
Inclusivity
14 Community and 
Society
Strengthening Integrity 
and Governance
01 Good Governance 
and Anti-Corruption
03 Risk Management
09 Environmental and  
Social Compliance
Importance to Stakeholders
Critical
 
Very HighHigh
High Very High Critical
Influence on Business
02
01
03
0405
07
08
09
11
10
12
13
14 06
Sapura Energy Berhad
46
Group Overview
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

---- Page 49 ----
Pursuing sustainable economic growth through technology 
integration and collaborative ventures enables us to optimise 
operational efficiency while enhancing value.
  Material Sustainability Matters:
04 Client Engagement 08 Supply Chain 
Management
06 Capital Management 
and Debt Restructuring
07 Asset Capacity and 
Integrity
  Stakeholders:
SI  GR  FI  CP  SS  EM  BA
UN SDGs:
 
We cultivate a supportive work environment, prioritise 
employee welfare and actively participate in initiatives 
contributing to the communities we serve.
  Material Sustainability Matters:
02 Occupational Health 
and Safety 14 Community and Society
05 Labour and Human 
Rights
11 Equal Opportunity, 
Diversity and Inclusivity
  Stakeholders:
GR  EM  LC  NG  ME
UN SDGs:
 
The transition towards low-carbon practices provides 
opportunities to leverage renewable energy sources and 
implement energy-efficient technologies across our operations.
  Material Sustainability Matters:
10 Pollution and Waste Management
12 Climate Change and Emissions
13 Energy Managements
  Stakeholders:
GR  EM  BA  SS  NG
UN SDGs:
 
Through transparent and ethical decision-making, we ensure 
the trust and confidence of our stakeholders, fostering a 
culture of accountability and responsibility.
  Material Sustainability Matters:
01 Good Governance and Anti-Corruption
03 Risk Management
09 Environmental and Social Compliance
  Stakeholders:
SI  GR  CP  SS  EM
UN SDGs:
Sustainable Economic Growth
Caring for Our People
Shifting Towards Low-Carbon
Strengthening Integrity and Governance
Annual Report 2024
47
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 50 ----
Sapura Energy acknowledges the importance of sustainable business 
practices for its long-term economic growth. By prioritising responsible 
initiatives, decisions, and policies, we strive to balance economic 
advancement with ethical practices. Our capacity to generate value 
impacts a variety of stakeholders, making our contributions essential.
Sustainability Highlights:
SUSTAINABLE ECONOMIC 
GROWTH
82.5%
customer satisfaction score 
in FY2024
47%
total suppliers and vendors 
are local to the operations
  Stakeholders:
  Material Sustainability Matters:
UN SDGs:
04 Client Engagement
06 Capital Management 
and Debt Restructuring
07 Asset Capacity and 
Integrity
08 Supply Chain 
Management
SI FI SSCP EMGR BA
Sapura Energy Berhad
48
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 51 ----
CLIENT ENGAGEMENT04
Why this is important
Effective client engagement strengthens relationships between clients and the Group, allowing us to adapt our business practices to 
meet client needs. We offer services while clients provide the revenue necessary for our business’s sustainability. Hence, by maintaining 
strong client engagement, we build stable relationships that support our long-term objectives.
Our client engagement practices are aligned with our ISO 9001:2015 certified Quality Management System (“QMS”) which 
places a strong emphasis on customer satisfaction by understanding and meeting their requirements, continually seeking 
feedback, and ensuring effective communication both internally and externally. In establishing processes for continual 
improvement, it results in enhanced service quality, consistency, and reliability. As such, we conduct customer satisfaction 
surveys for each project, providing quantitative feedback on our products and services along with insights into client 
perspectives. This approach helps us maintain the highest quality standards for our clients, as outlined in our Quality Policy.
  Our Approach
  Implementation and continuous improvement of an effective Quality Management System.
  Fostering a quality mindset for zero-defect delivery.
  Cultivating a strong and sustainable Quality culture within the organisation.
  Emphasis on technical competency, teamwork, engagement, and ownership.
  Influencing Quality and Trust through dedication and passion for Excellence.
  Ensuring services consistently meet accepted quality standards.
  Managing supplies and inventories to ensure reliability and operational continuity.
Our Performance
Our customer satisfaction levels have risen steadily 
over the past three years, reaching 82.5 percent in 
FY2024. This upward trend indicates our ongoing 
efforts to providing quality products and services.
Customer Satisfaction Score (%)
FY2022
69.8
FY2023
76.7
FY2024
82.5
Note:
Customer satisfaction score is derived from clients of Drilling, E&C, Geosciences, Technology Solutions, Subsea Services, Offshore Vehicle Service (“OSV”), Hookup 
and Commissions (“HUC”) services.
Annual Report 2024
49
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 52 ----
Our Performance
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT & DEBT RESTRUCTURING06
Why this is important
Capital management and debt restructuring are vital for Sapura Energy’s financial stability and sustainable growth. Efficient capital 
management optimises financial resources and supports strategic investments for business operations and expansion while debt 
restructuring manages financial obligations, improves liquidity, and enhances the Group’s creditworthiness. These measures are crucial 
for maintaining investor confidence and driving long-term value creation for shareholders.
Our strategic approach to capital management and debt restructuring underscores the Group’s efforts towards sustainable 
financial resilience. Despite facing challenges such as constraints on fund flows and non-operational capital expenditure due 
to restructuring orders, we remain steadfast in optimising our economic performance. In FY2024, our focus centres on 
addressing cash flow management amidst ongoing restructuring processes and Practice Note 17/2005 (“PN17”) requirements.
Concurrently, we are actively enhancing existing facilities and accounts to mitigate obstacles related to working capital and 
bank guarantee facilities. We navigate these challenges with resilience and determination through transparent communication 
with advisors, lenders, major shareholders, our White Knight, the Board and regulators. This strategy ensures our continued 
growth and stability in the market.
  Our Approach
In FY2024, we focused on strengthening our economic performance to improve financial health and increase shareholder 
value.
Note:
1. Economic performance data encompasses the E&C, O&M, Drilling and Corporate divisions.
2. Employee wages and benefits and procurement spent are included under operating costs.
3. Taxes consist of the income tax which include Payments to Government amount of RM0.125 billion.
Economic Value
Generated
RM5.211
Billion
Operating Costs
RM5.624
Billion
Taxes
RM0.106
Billion
Loss Before Tax
RM0.413
Billion
Economic Value Retained
Loss after tax
RM0.519
Billion
Sapura Energy Berhad
50
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 53 ----
ASSET CAPACITY AND INTEGRITY07
Why this is important
Sapura Energy’s long-term sustainability relies on sound asset capacity and integrity. Ongoing assessment of our physical, financial, 
and intellectual capacity helps us balance economic, environmental, social, and governance considerations. Ensuring asset reliability 
allows us to deliver value to stakeholders while reducing risks and optimising opportunities for sustainable growth.
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT08
Why this is important
Supporting local suppliers is essential for the Group as it directly boosts economic growth and development in our operating regions. 
Local sourcing enriches the communities we serve and strengthens our supply chain, enhancing efficiency and resilience in our 
operations.
We recognise that local procurement can drive technology development, job creation, and economic growth. The Group 
supports local suppliers and vendors in all operating countries. Hence, we select suppliers based on financial stability, product 
or service quality, HSE management, and legal compliance. While foreign procurement can offer expertise, we balance it with 
local sourcing to benefit stakeholders, uphold ethical standards, and meet expectations.
Sapura Energy requires vendors to complete, acknowledge, and stamp the Vendor Registration Form, including attaching 
required documents for due diligence. Our Procure to Pay Procedure (“P2P”) incorporates environmental, ethical, social 
responsibility, transparency, and accountability considerations. Each business unit evaluates these factors during procurement 
to mitigate climate-related risks, maintain cost efficiency, and create long-term value.
  Our Approach
Procurement 
Planning
Purchase 
Requisition Sourcing Evaluation Award to 
Vendor
Expediting & 
Receiving Payment
Our approach to asset capacity and integrity is comprehensive, focusing on sustainability, strong risk management, and proactive 
stakeholder engagement.
  Our Approach
Governance
In terms of governance, we 
focus on transparent reporting 
and ethical business practices 
within established frameworks to 
build trust with stakeholders.
We employ approved controls 
to mitigate environmental 
pollution, minimising ecological 
impact along with reducing 
emissions.
Environmental
Social aspects are managed 
through stringent health, safety, 
and environmental (“HSE”) 
standards that protect our 
workforce and the communities 
where we operate.
Social
Annual Report 2024
51
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 54 ----
Our vendors are further categorised into Strategic Vendor List (“SVL”) and Preferred Vendor List (“PVL”).
Our Performance
In FY2024, Sapura Energy engaged with 1,632 suppliers, 47 percent of which were local to each project. Sapura Energy 
spent a total of RM2.49 billion on procurement in FY2024.
Number of Suppliers
FY2022
Local
FY2023 FY2024
53%
47%
59%
41%
43%
57%
Foreign
Proportion of Procurement
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
58%
42%
50%
50%
36%
64%
Local Foreign
Note:
1. Supply Chain Management data coverage includes Drilling (limited to FY2023 and FY2024 only), E&C, O&M, and Corporate.
2.  USD to MYR conversion for drilling operations procurement is based on exchange rates provided by Bank Negara Malaysia at the end of each financial year. 
FY2023 (4.2475), FY2024 (4.7305).
SVL Criteria PVL Criteria
 Good track record with Sapura Energy and/or 
major clients
 Cost competitiveness
 Limited vendors within the category
 Global Frame Agreements with our major clients
 Supportive during tough times
 Compliant to Sapura Energy’s terms and 
conditions
 High spending and frequent use in the past five 
years
 Limited competition within the category
 Vendors with global reach and businesses 
cutting across multiple categories
 Category is critical to business success, for 
security of supply and competitive advantage
 Technical leader within the industry
Sapura Energy Berhad
52
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 55 ----
As the world faces escalating climate change concerns, we commit to 
continuously enhance our environmental performance. By adopting best 
practices, innovative technologies and management systems, we minimise 
the impact of our operations to support Malaysia’s net zero aspiration by 
2050.
Sustainability Highlights:
SHIFTING TOWARDS 
LOW-CARBON
11%
decrease in Scope 2 GHG 
emissions
13,072 
tonnes
of scrap metal recycled
  Stakeholders:
  Material Sustainability Matters:
UN SDGs:
10 Pollution and Waste 
Management
12 Climate Change and Emissions
13 Energy Management
GR BA NGSSEM
Annual Report 2024
53
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 56 ----
Why this is important
Effective pollution and waste management are essential for Sapura Energy to comply with regulations, safeguard the environment 
and human health, conserve resources, and uphold social responsibility. By minimising environmental impact and employing efficient 
waste management practices, Sapura Energy affirms our commitment to sustainability, regulatory compliance, and ethical business 
conduct, strengthening our reputation as a responsible industry leader.
POLLUTION AND WASTE MANAGEMENT10
  Our Approach
Spills Management
The Group aligns with local and international spill prevention regulations and follows industry best practices to avoid accidental 
leaks or spills. Our offshore facilities are equipped with Emergency Response Plans and Shipboard Marine Pollution Prevention 
Plans (Annex I – MARPOL), designed to swiftly address potential spills. All incidents are reported to our online reporting system, 
Synergi Life, within 24 hours, ensuring prompt notification of relevant personnel. This cloud-based solution centralises all 
reported incidents, facilitating thorough investigations into root causes to prevent future occurrences.
Waste Management
Sapura Energy employs a waste mitigation hierarchy, focusing on alternative methods which are Reduction (elimination, 
prevention, minimisation), Reuse (on or offsite) and Recovery for managing waste-related impacts, with disposal considered as 
a last resort.
Our operations across the globe manage and handle hazardous waste in compliance with relevant local environmental laws 
and regulations.
Vessel waste management aligns with MARPOL 73/78 – Annex V Prevention of Pollution by Garbage from Ships. The Garbage 
Management Plan (“GMP”) establishes a detailed waste tracking system and supports shipboard processing. Throughout the 
year, we also  implemented initiatives to raise awareness among employees about the need to minimise environmental impact.
Awareness Training Waste Reduction Initiatives
• Annual hazardous waste management training
• Recycling campaign at Sapura@Mines where 
designated boxes (based on type of wastes) are 
placed at all levels to segregate waste and recyclable 
items
• E-Waste collection pilot programme at Sapura@
Mines in collaboration with the recycling company 
EARTH and Department of Environment (“DOE”) 
Malaysia
• Labuan Fabrication Yard – all the blasterite produced 
are reused internally as fill material during jetty 
construction or made into bricks
• Teluk Kalung Yard – Reused wooden waste as 
stoppers for pipe spools
• All drilling rigs – Installation of water purification 
systems and distribution of water tumblers to all 
crew to reduce single use plastic bottles
Sapura Energy Berhad
54
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 57 ----
Kitar Solutions is the first dedicated integrated decommissioning company in Asia, formed through a partnership between 
Sapura Energy Berhad and AF Offshore of Norway. Kitar Solutions will leverage AF Offshore’s two decades of experience in 
North Sea decommissioning and Sapura Energy’s extensive onshore and offshore assets to offer innovative and sustainable 
decommissioning services in APAC region. Our vision is to clean up the ocean in a cost-effective and sustainable manner 
through recycling and repurposing offshore assets in a purpose-built onshore environment.
Through Kitar Solutions, Sapura Energy and AF Offshore plan to upgrade existing facilities at Sapura Energy’s fabrication yard 
in Lumut, to accommodate disposal of offshore oil and gas facilities, aligned with its aim to meet the highest environmental 
standards in waste management and recycling.
Kitar Solutions transforms 
Malaysia’s decommissioning 
landscape and sets standards 
for sustainable practices across 
Asia. Through strategic  
partnerships and unwavering 
commitment, we contribute  
to ecological and social 
improvement in the region.
At Kitar Solutions, our commitment to achieving a net-zero future drives our focus on sustainability. By prioritising the 
reuse, upcycling, and recycling of waste materials from the oil and gas industry, we aim to reduce the need for new 
resources, lower CO2  emissions, and conserve energy. Our dedication aligns with the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goal 12 – Responsible Consumption and Production. Additionally, our initiative to convert decommissioned 
offshore oil and gas platforms into artificial reefs enhances marine biodiversity, reinforcing our robust ESG framework.
Towards Net Zero
Kitar Solutions actively adopts advanced technologies and methodologies to minimise environmental impact, setting 
new benchmarks in sustainable practices.
Environmental Stewardship
Our efforts center on creating employment opportunities and implementing skill development programmes for the local 
workforce, supporting national growth and sustainable development.
Social Contribution
Annual Report 2024
55
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 58 ----
Our Performance
Spills Management
In FY2024, spill incidents decreased by 75 percent. Two spills 
were successfully contained on land and onboard our 
vessels, while two other incidents resulted in oil being 
discharged to the environment (each less than one barrel). 
To mitigate the risk of spills to the environment, we maintain 
efforts to raise awareness about the impact of oil spills on 
terrestrial and marine ecosystems. Additionally, we promote 
a culture of proactive reporting within both our project team 
and offshore crew.
Waste Management
Waste generated from our overall operations is classified into hazardous and non-hazardous waste. Over the past three 
years, we have observed a consistent rise in total waste production, attributed to increased vessel utilisation and drilling 
operations.
As such, we are committed to continuously enhance our waste management system across all business units.
Our scrap metal recycling initiatives at TMT Puchong and our Lumut fabrication yard further diverted a substantial 13,072 
tonnes of waste from landfills in FY2024.
Waste Disposed (tonnes)
Number of Spill Incidents
FY2024FY2023FY2022
4
16
10
Hazardous Waste Non-Hazardous Waste
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
939
912
337
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
15,538
10,126
5,562
Note:
1. Metal recycled data available for FY2024.
Sapura Energy Berhad
56
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 59 ----
CLIMATE CHANGE AND EMISSIONS12
Why this is important
The oil and gas industry contributes roughly 15 percent of total energy-related GHG emissions worldwide. In light of the irreversible effects 
of climate change, the Group must adapt its business practices, driving us to seek ways to reduce emissions and enhance our operations.
Note:
1. IEA (2023), Emissions from Oil and Gas Operations in Net Zero Transitions.
  Our Approach
As a group, we recognise the challenges of climate change and the importance of minimising our ecological footprint. Aligning 
with the global trend, we aim to understand and stay abreast of sustainability issues relevant to the Group and its business, 
including climate-related risks and opportunities.
To track our progress, we measure key environmental indicators, including carbon emissions. By quantifying annual reductions, 
we provide stakeholders with insights and enable accountability for our targets.
GHG Emissions
We have enhanced our emissions monitoring by tracking Scope 1 emissions from fuel consumption (in vessels, yards, workshops 
and drilling units) and Scope 2 emissions from purchased electricity. To ensure sustainable GHG management, Sapura Energy 
computed Scope 1 GHG emissions based on an operational denominator for all types of vessels and offshore assets from 
January 2024.
Our Performance
Scope 1
Diesel represents the largest portion of the Group’s fuel consumption, encompassing usage both onshore and offshore. Over 
the past three years, diesel consumption has steadily increased, in tandem with our operations’ growth. Petrol consumption 
decreased by five percent in FY2024 compared to FY2023, primarily due to reduced activity at the Lumut fabrication yard.
MGO has seen a decline from FY2022 to FY2023, and a 27 percent increase towards FY2024 which corresponds with our 
vessel utilisation rate of 70 percent in FY2024, a significant increase from the 62 percent rate in FY2023.
Fuel Consumption (L)
Petrol Marine Gas OilDiesel
FY2024
57,068,009
FY2023
39,564,162
FY2022
35,115,602
FY2024
11,687
FY2023
12,334
FY2022
24,011
FY2024FY2023
21,286,827
FY2022
34,640,508
26,936,929
Annual Report 2024
57
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 60 ----
Our Performance
Scope 2
Our electricity consumption has steadily decreased over the past three years due to a reduction in onshore operations, 
showing an eleven percent decline in FY2024 compared to the previous year due to reduction in onshore operations at 
the yards, workshops and offices.
Electricity Consumption (MWh)
Total GHG Emissions
In FY2024, our combined emissions totalled 228,864 tCO2e. Sapura Energy’s Scope 1 emissions, primarily from MGO, diesel, 
and petrol consumption, decreased slightly in FY2023 compared to FY2022 but increased by 38 percent in FY2024 due to 
increased vessel utilisation rate.
Our Scope 2 emissions which stem from purchased electricity, decreased by eleven percent in FY2024 compared to FY2023. 
These emissions have been on a downward trend for the past three years. We aim to improve our emissions monitoring 
by incorporating Scope 3 categories of Business Travel in upcoming years.
Note:
1.  Calculation methodology is based on the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standards and IPCC Guidelines for National 
Greenhouse Inventories.
2.  Scope 1 emissions factors were sourced from the UK Government’s GHG Conversion Factor 2023 and the IPCC Guidelines for National 
Greenhouse Inventories.
3. Scope 2 emissions factor were sourced from the National Energy Commission: Grid Emissions Factor (GEF) in Malaysia 2021.
Scope 1 Emissions (tCO 2e) Scope 2 Emissions (tCO 2e)
FY2024
218,039
FY2023
158,411
FY2022
184,271
FY2024
10,825
FY2023FY2022
12,129
12,664
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
14,281
16,002
16,707
Sapura Energy Berhad
58
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 61 ----
  Our Approach
Why this is important
Energy efficiency and management are critical to Sapura Energy’s sustainability efforts, balancing economic prudence with 
environmental stewardship. These strategic imperatives drive cost savings while also underscoring our efforts to mitigate environmental 
impact, ensure regulatory compliance, and strengthen our corporate reputation.
ENERGY MANAGEMENT13
In FY2024, we implemented energy conservation practices and improvements across our business units.
Vessels Management
Our vessels operate with a Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan (“SEEMP”) designed to optimise energy usage, reduce fuel 
consumption, and minimise environmental impact, enhancing operational efficiency and sustainability. The following vessels 
have implemented the approved SEEMP:
Teluk Kalung Yard
(O&M)
• Energy Saving Awareness – switch off lights and electrical appliances campaign
• Phasing out incandescent lightbulbs with LEDs
• Schedule air conditioner filter maintenance to increase efficiency
TMT Australia
(E&C)
• Energy Saving Awareness
• Timer wall plugs installed to kitchen warmer and vibrator machine in the 
workshop
All Rigs
(Drilling)
• Installation of LED lights reduce energy consumption at all of our 11 rigs
• Lift Less initiatives at three (3) rigs subsequently led to further reduction of 
carbon emissions from crane
E&C
01 S 1200
02 S 3500
03 S Constructor
O&M
01 KPV Redang
04 S Aman
02 MV Gemia
05 KPV Kapas
07 S Jane
03 S Duyong
06 S Wira
08 S Conquest
Annual Report 2024
59
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 62 ----
Our Performance
The Group diligently tracks and reports our energy consumption across four business divisions of O&M, E&C, Drilling and 
Corporate. This encompasses a total of 3,268,354 GJ, including purchased electricity and various fuel sources which are 
marine gas oil (“MGO”), petrol, and diesel.
The significant increase of 37 percent in total energy consumption compared to FY2023 can be attributed to the heightened 
vessel utilisation rate observed in FY2024.
Note:
1. Data coverage for Marine Gas Oil: O&M, E&C and Drilling divisions, from vessels: S1200, S3500, S2000, S900, S Constructor, S Conquest, S Wira, 
S Jane, S Achiver
2. Data coverage for Petrol: TMT Puchong, TMT Australia, Subsea Service and Lumut fabrication yard. 
3. Data coverage for Diesel: O&M, E&C and Drilling divisions for both onshore and offshore operations.
4. Diesel consumption onshore includes Labuan Yard, Lumut Fabrication Yard, Pasir Gudang, Teluk Kalung, TMT Australia, TMT Puchong.
5. Diesel consumption offshore includes vessels (KPV Kapas, KPV Redang, MV Gemia, S Duyong, S Aman, S300) and 11 of our rigs.
6. Data coverage for Purchased Electricity: the yards (located in Pasir Gudang, Teluk Kalung, Labuan and Lumut), workshops (located in TMT Puchong 
and TMT Australia) and offices in Mexico, USA, Thailand, United Kingdom (“UK”), India and Malaysia (Sapura HQ – Mines, Kuala Lumpur, Kemaman, 
Miri, Bintulu)
7. Energy conversion factors were extracted from the UK Government’s GHG Conversion Factor 2023
8. Conversion of energy from kWh to GJ utilises Unit Converters: https://www.unitconverters.net/energy/kilowatt-hour-to-gigajoule.htm
Energy Consumption (GJ) ‘mil
Petrol Diesel Purchased ElectricityMarine Gas Oil
FY2022
1.32
0.008
0.06
FY2023
0.004
FY2024
0.004
1.34
0.8
1.5 2.1
0.06
0.05
1.0
Energy Consumption (MWh) ‘mil
Petrol Diesel Purchased ElectricityMarine Gas Oil
FY2022
0.3
0.002
FY2023
0.001
FY2024
0.001
0.3
0.2
0.4
0.016 0.016 0.014
0.2
0.5
Sapura Energy Berhad
60
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 63 ----
Why this is important
Water consumption is critical for Sapura Energy in supporting our onshore and offshore operations. Hence, efficient management of 
water is essential for environmental sustainability, making it a vital aspect of Sapura Energy’s performance.
Our Performance
  Our Approach
Each business unit within Sapura Energy identifies water-related impacts according to the approved Environmental Aspects 
and Impacts procedure. In FY2024, our Malaysian operations implemented several initiatives to reduce water consumption.
Freshwater usage in our E&C, O&M, Drilling, and Corporate divisions has risen by 110 percent compared to the previous 
year, driven by the expansion of our offshore operations and vessels. We source freshwater from our onshore facilities and 
offices, accounting for 0.32 percent of our total water consumption in FY2024. 
 Water conservation awareness training for staff
 Regular inspection on water piping, including all attachments such as hoses, faucets and couplings for leakage
 Refurbishment of leaking undergtround pipe at the Lumut fabrication yard
 River water is used for water bowser
Water Reduction 
Total water consumption (m 3)
FY2022
530,307
FY2023
261,178
FY2024
464,890
WATER CONSUMPTION
Annual Report 2024
61
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 64 ----
Promoting talent development and supporting local communities are 
central goals for Sapura Energy. We value our employees, contractors, 
stakeholders, and the communities where we operate as it is crucial to 
our growth and productivity. We strive to enhance well-being and make 
a positive impact in the regions where we conduct our business.
Sustainability Highlights:
CARING FOR OUR PEOPLE
  Stakeholders:
  Material Sustainability Matters:
02 Occupational Health 
and Safety
05 Labour and Human 
Rights
11 Equal Opportunity, 
Diversity and Inclusivity
14 Community and 
Society
UN SDGs:
38,567
total training hours provided 
to our employees Group-
wide
Zero
substantiated complaints 
against human rights 
violations
13,043
attendees for training on 
Health & Safety, comprising 
employees, contract staff, 
contractors, and visitors
56%
reduction in the LTIF 
compared to the previous 
yearGR LC MENGEM
Sapura Energy Berhad
62
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 65 ----
Why this is important
Occupational Health and Safety is crucial for Sapura Energy as it protects our workforce and prevents workplace accidents and injuries. 
By emphasising health and safety measures, we foster a supportive work environment that enhances employee morale, productivity, 
and retention. Adhering to health and safety regulations further minimises operational risks, safeguards company assets, and strengthens 
our reputation as a responsible and ethical employer in the industry.
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY02
  Our Approach
The Group prioritises safety by focusing on People, Environment, Asset, and Reputation in all operating locations. At the core 
of our operations is “Our Way” – a creed anchored in our core values of Honest, Accountable, and Respectful. This philosophy 
embodies our pledge to Pride in Results, Commitment to Collaboration, and a Spirit of Innovation. It represents our commitment 
to achieving exceptional outcomes through collaborative efforts and innovative mindsets, ensuring the safeguarding of these 
principles.
Sapura Energy’s Occupational Health and Safety management system is ISO 
45001:2018 certified, enabling us to systematically assess hazards and implement risk 
control measures. By effectively implementing this system, we reduce workplace 
injuries, illnesses, and accidents. Under the guidance of the Occupational Safety and 
Health Act (“OSHA”) and relevant international regulations, we have established a 
comprehensive health and safety framework within our HSE Policy. Through our OHS 
management system, it encompasses 45 QHSE governing procedures that are made 
accessible to all employees, promoting productivity and efficiency through the ability 
to make timely and informed decisions. Our QHSE framework is underpinned by the 
following actions and commitments:
• Establish Group QHSE governing procedures on the Total Management 
System (“TMS”) platform
• Effectively communicating the QHSE message through platforms such as 
the Group Intranet and Viva Engage
• Ensuring Group QHSE weekly meetings with operating companies’ 
representatives
• Participating in proactive activities such as site visits and management 
reviews
• Ensuring root cause analyses are carried out for all incidents by the 
respective incident owners
• Monitoring trends in incident cases and collaborating with operations teams 
to develop and implement effective action plans to reduce and prevent 
recurrence
• Promoting Near Miss Cases (free lessons) and Unsafe Condition & Unsafe 
Act (“UCUA”) reporting
• Verifying and sharing all lessons learned
Quality Health
Safety Environment
Annual Report 2024
63
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 66 ----
Each project site establishes a Safety Committee to enforce safety protocols, conduct comprehensive incident investigations, 
and take immediate corrective actions.
The Group also follows the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers’ (“IOGP”) 9 Life-Saving Rules (“9LSRs”) in daily 
operations.
Effective communication is a key focus for safety at the Group. Keeping the entire organisation informed on safety matters is 
vital for protecting the health of our people. Safety procedures are shared and are easily accessible to employees at all levels 
through platforms such as the Group Intranet and Viva Engage.
Emergency Response Plan
We focused on enhancing our emergency response by providing training on protocols and procedures to efficiently manage 
any unexpected emergencies or incidents within the company’s operations.
 Conducted emergency fire drill
 Inspection carried out for all firefighting device validation and calibration
 First aider drill
 Environmental drill (oil spill recovery)
 Joint Fire Drill with Johor Port
 Medical Emergency Response Plan (S3500) Eni Congo
 Medical Emergency Response Plan (S900) Eni Congo
 Medical Emergency Response Plan (Kraken) Eni Congo
 Medical Emergency Response Plan (Pointe Noire) Eni Congo
 Emergency Response Plan Project Eni Congo
 Evacuation, fire & medevac rescue at height drill for Central Processing Platform (CPP) topside report
 Fall & suspended in a full body harness rescue drill report for MSF, LQUP
 Man overboard drill
 Fire and evacuation drill
 Radiography testing emergency drill
 Labuan Emergency Response Plan
 Emergency Handling/Safety Drill Procedure (3rd Party)
Working at Height
Safe Mechanical 
Lifting
Line of Fire
Hot Work
Energy IsolationBypassing Safety 
Controls
Driving
Confined Space
Work Authorisation
Sapura Energy Berhad
64
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 67 ----
Our Performance
In FY2024, our LTIF decreased by 56 percent, from 0.62 to 0.27 compared to the previous year. However, we experienced 
a tragic incident resulting in a loss of life on one of Sapura Energy’s rigs in Malaysia. Following a thorough investigation, 
we identified the root causes and implemented a robust assurance regime to ensure equipment safety. Group-wide Safety 
Standdowns were conducted to share incident details, lessons learned and the required actions. All necessary measures 
have been implemented, and a Lessons Learned safety communications report has been submitted to the Malaysian 
Petroleum Regulatory Body (“MPM”) for industry-wide sharing to prevent recurrence.
Year FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Total number of hours worked 26,326,693 20,808,911 21,929,925
Total number of work-related fatalities 0 0 1
LTIF 0.65 0.62 0.27
TRCF – 1.68 0.87
Note:
1. LTIF was calculated per 1,000,000 hours worked.
14,762 hours
Total training hours for health 
and safety in FY2024
13,043 employees
Training on health and safety including 
employees, contract staff, contractors and visitors 
Health and Safety Training
9LRs Working at Height Personal Protective Equipment 
(“PPE”) Awareness Training
HSE Stand Down Training  
(finger caught in machinery)
IOGP Life Saving Rules briefing by Yard 
Management at Labuan.
Training and demonstration on effective 
usage of face mask based on type of 
chemical used.
Awareness and SOP training to prevent 
accidents at the workplace.
Annual Report 2024
65
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 68 ----
Why this is important
We are committed to treating everyone with respect and dignity. Creating a safe and respectful work environment is essential to 
ensure that all employees feel secure, comfortable, and valued each day at work.
LABOUR AND HUMAN RIGHTS05
  Our Approach
The Group is committed to treating everyone with respect. To provide a rewarding and responsible working environment for 
all employees we have established formal standards in our Labour and Human Rights Policy.
To ensure compliance with these guidelines, we offer various channels for employees to report issues or concerns. Our 
grievance mechanism, whistle-blowing channel, and ‘Speak to Anuar’ platform provide confidential means for employees to 
voice their concerns. Employees may also reach out to their Human Resources Business Partner for support with any issues 
they encounter. We regularly inform employees about these programmes and enforce strict follow-up procedures to address 
and resolve raised matters effectively. Our employee handbook is available on the TMS and we continually update our Labour 
and Human Rights Policy according to International Labour Organisation recommendations.
Our social focus is to become an employer of choice through our commitment to foster the development of our employees. 
We provide ample room for career advancement and personal growth, ensuring that each individual can reach their full 
potential. Our employees are part of a cohesive global team, collaborating with like-minded professionals who share a passion 
for problem-solving. We believe in recognising and rewarding excellence, offering competitive compensation and benefits to 
our dedicated team members. We believe in compensating our people with fair and equitable pay, including ensuring that 
colleagues in the lowest job grades receive paycheques that exceed the mandated minimum wage. 
The Group adheres to international and local human rights standards, embedding this approach within our workforce, and 
across our value chain when possible.
Employee Benefits
The Group implemented a structured performance review process that considers an employee’s performance, capabilities and 
potential. The process enables the identification of competency gaps, acknowledgment of performance and the mapping of 
future career paths.
Conducted annually, these appraisals contribute to the ongoing development of our workforce, ensuring that the quality of 
our staff aligns with our targets and upholds excellence in service quality.
No. Our approach to labour and human rights
1 Conduct business in a manner that respects the rights and dignity of all people
2 Eliminate discrimination against all employees in the workplace
3 Eliminate forced labour and/or hiring including slave labour, child labour and human trafficking
4 Protect employees from any form of harassment in the workplace
5 Continuously develop employees’ skills, capabilities, and career opportunities
6 Entitle all employees to sick leave and annual leave
7 Entitle all employees to work in a safe and healthy environment
8 Ensure all employees are provided with a written and legally binding employment contract
Sapura Energy Berhad
66
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 69 ----
Employee Engagement
Throughout FY2024, we coordinated a series of engaging events to bolster collaboration, boost morale and sharpen problem-
solving skills within our workforce. These events included insightful townhall sessions, providing a platform for discussing 
operational challenges and pertinent topics. Additionally, we conducted team-building activities, fostering cross-departmental 
engagement to build rapport and trust among Sapura Energy’s employees.
Town Hall
Sapura Energy conducts town hall meetings to discuss core issues that impact both our future and current operations. The 
town hall also serves as a platform for leaders to recognise achievements and for employees to raise questions and provide 
feedback.
Festivities
We embrace diversity within our workforce by celebrating major festivals with our employees.
Campaigns
We foster employee engagement and team spirit through impactful campaigns that empower employees to actively contribute 
to our ESG objectives.
Annual Report 2024
67
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 70 ----
Our Performance
We are pleased to report that in FY2024 there were zero 
substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations, and 
zero incidents of discrimination.
In FY2024, we onboarded 440 new full-time employees, reflecting 
an 18 percent new hire rate and a turnover rate of 12.5 percent.
Total Number of Full Time Employee New Hires FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
By Employee Category
Senior Management 11 9 20
Management 41 27 59
Executive 208 126 343
Non-Executive 27 6 18
By Gender
Male 178 111 268
Female 109 57 172
By Age
Below 30 years 57 52 164
30-50 years 203 99 250
Above 50 years 27 17 26
Total Number of Employee Turnover FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
By Employee Category
Senior Management 10 21 9
Management 69 96 54
Executive 233 460 239
Non-Executive 32 56 13
By Gender
Male 239 436 230
Female 105 197 85
By Age
Below 30 years 56 105 58
30-50 years 262 480 233
Above 50 years 26 48 24
Parental Leave
In FY2024, 127 employees utilised parental leave.
Gender FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Number of employees that took parental leave Men 88 48 74
Women 46 67 53
Number of employees returned from parental 
leave
Men 88 48 74
Women 46 67 53
Number of employees return to work after 
parental leave ended that were still employed 12 
months after their return to work
Men 0 0 0
Women 0 0 0
Zero
substantiated complaints concerning 
human rights violations
Sapura Energy Berhad
68
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 71 ----
Why this is important
Equal opportunity, diversity, and inclusivity are fundamental values that promote a fair and supportive workplace culture. Embracing 
diversity drives innovation, creativity, and broad perspectives, which are essential for business success. By providing equal opportunities, 
we attract and retain top talent, enhance employee satisfaction, and bolster our reputation as an inclusive employer. Our commitment 
to a diverse workforce not only enriches our decision-making process but also contributes to the growth of local economies and fosters 
a global perspective.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY, DIVERSITY & INCLUSIVITY11
  Our Approach
As a global organisation with a presence in over 10 countries, we take pride in the diverse makeup of our workforce, which 
includes more than 25 nationalities working collaboratively towards our vision and upholding our values. Respect for one 
another in a multinational environment is a core value we uphold.
Malaysians account for nearly 80 percent of our workforce, and we prioritise hiring local talent in the countries where we 
operate. This approach not only contributes to local economic growth but also enriches our team with diverse perspectives. 
Our recruitment practices focus on talent, potential, experience, and skills to ensure equal opportunity for all candidates. We 
actively promote gender and age inclusivity, creating a vibrant and dynamic workplace. Over one-third of our new hires are 
under 30, bringing fresh perspectives to our organisation. By fostering a diverse workforce, we are able to drive innovation 
and maintain a dynamic and inclusive work environment.
Our Performance
Collectively our Board comprises 91 percent men and 9 percent women. Regarding age distribution, 18 percent of members 
are between 30 and 50 years old, 46 percent are between 51 and 60 years old, and the remaining 36 percent are above 
the age of 60.
Board Diversity FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Gender
Men 100% 100% 91%
Women 0% 0% 9%
Age
30-50 10% 10% 18%
51-60 50% 50% 46%
> 60 40% 40% 36%
Our FY2024 full-time workforce comprised 2,486 employees, with men making up 64 percent and women being 36 percent. 
In the category of age, 11 percent were under 30 years old, 74 percent fell within the 30-50 range and 15 percent were 
above 50 years old. The composition also indicated a prevalence of contract employees, with 72 percent contract workers 
compared to 28 percent holding permanent roles.
Annual Report 2024
69
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 72 ----
Note:
Local employees refer to those who hold citizenship and expatriates who have resided in country with Permanent Residency (“PR”) and Residence 
Pass-Talent local to the operating country.
Group Workforce Diversity
Total Number of Employees
Above 50 years30-50 yearsBelow 30 years
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
15%15%12%
74%77%73%
11%8%14%
Group Age Diversity
Non-localLocal
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
1%2%5%
99%98%95%
ContractPermanent
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024FY2024
28%
72%
FY2023
38%
62%
FY2022
24%
76%
Group Employee Nationality Employee Composition
Group Gender Diversity
FemaleMale
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
36%33%30%
64%67%70%
FY2022
3,282
FY2023
2,439
FY2024
2,486
Sapura Energy Berhad
70
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 73 ----
Gender Diversity for Employee Category
Senior Management Management
FemaleMale
FY2022
19%
81%
FY2023
21%
79%
FY2024
23%
77%
FemaleMale
FY2022
32%
68%
FY2023
36%
64%
FY2024
41%
59%
FemaleMale
FY2022
16%
84%
FY2023
18%
82%
FY2024
20%
80%
FemaleMale
FY2022
42%
58%
FY2023
45%
55%
FY2024
44%
56%
Executive Non-Executive
Annual Report 2024
71
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 74 ----
Age Diversity by Employee Category
Full time employees took part in a total of 38,626 hours of training, which were designed to enhance their performance 
across a wide range of employee roles. We focused on soft skills and leadership development (51%) and compliance (38%), 
ensuring a strong foundation for both personal well-being and operational excellence. We also invested in critical areas 
like technical skills (10%) and regulatory (1%), equipping our workforce with the skills necessary to achieve their goals.
Recognising the distinct requirements across various career stages, we customised training hours to suit different employee 
roles. As such in FY2024, executive employees received the most training hours (26,299 hours), followed by management 
(7,836 hours), non-executive employees (2,838 hours), and senior management (1,655 hours).
Senior Management Management
FY2024
Above 5030-50 years
FY2023FY2022
52%
48%
54%
46%
52%
48%
FY2024
30-50 years Above 50 yearsBelow 30 years
FY2023FY2022
75%
25%
74%
25%
1%
74%
25%
1%
Executive Non-Executive
FY2024
30-50 years Above 50 yearsBelow 30 years
FY2023FY2022
80%
10%
10%
77%
7%
16%
76%
9%
15%
FY2024
30-50 years Above 50 yearsBelow 30 years
FY2023FY2022
70%
19%
11%
72%
16%
12%
60%
13%
27%
Sapura Energy Berhad
72
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 75 ----
Types of Training Provided
Total Training Hours per Employee Category
Average Training Hours by Employee Category  
in FY2024
Apart from providing training programmes for its employees, the Group also extends its educational initiatives to craft and 
crew members. These specialised training programmes are designed to enhance the technical proficiency and operational 
capabilities of individuals working in various craft and crew roles. By offering comprehensive training that aligns with industry 
standards, Sapura Energy ensures that its craft and crew members possess the necessary skills to perform their duties safely 
and efficiently. This commitment to continuous learning and development not only improves the overall quality of the 
workforce but also reinforces Sapura Energy’s dedication to excellence in every aspect of its operations.
Excutive Non-Executive
ManagementSenior Management
236
2,192
653
138
Soft Skills
Regulatory
Technical Skills
Compliance
51%
10%
38%
1%
Management Executive Non-ExecutiveSenior Management
FY2024
1,655
7,836
26,299
2,838
FY2023
3,591
7,592
8,770
659
FY2022
1,272 2,599 2,524
189
Annual Report 2024
73
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 76 ----
Training Record for Craft FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Average No. of Lumut Fabrication Unit (“LFU”) Craft 2,935 1,540 1,099
Total Training Man-Hours 14,400 65,280 7,344
Total Training Man-Days 1,800 8,160 918
Average Training Man-Hours per Craft 5 42 7
Our Craft training programmes are designed to equip our workforce with the necessary skills to work safely and deliver 
high-quality outcomes on projects. While the training man-hours and manpower numbers may fluctuate over the years 
due to varying project volumes at the fabrication yard, this does not diminish our commitment to providing skill training. 
We continuously strive to enhance the skills and competency levels of our Craft workforce.
Training Record for Crew FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Total Headcount 2,036 2,175 1,702
Total Training Man-Hours 16,225 77,455 67,571
Total Training Man-Days 2,085 9,694 8,452
Average Training Man-Hours per Crew 16 36 40
Average Training Man-Hours per CrewAverage Training Man-Hours per Craft
FY2024FY2023FY2022
16
5
40
7
36
42
Training Record for Craft and Crew across the Group
Sapura Energy Berhad
74
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 77 ----
The Group also extended its commitment to education and skill development 
by offering TVET programmes throughout both financial years 2023 and 
2024. These initiatives aimed to equip individuals with the technical expertise 
necessary to excel in various industries, particularly focusing on sectors 
aligned with Sapura Energy’s core operations. Through these programmes, 
Sapura Energy contributed to the enhancement of the local workforce by 
providing hands-on training and practical knowledge that aligns with industry 
standards.
TVET Programme FY2022 FY2023
TVET Participants 85 49
Total Training Man-Hours 53,040 6,630
Total Training Man-Days 1,672 209
Average Training Man-Hours per 
Headcount 624 32
31
FY2024
624
FY2023
Apart from training programmes, the Group has initiated comprehensive 
management trainee and internship programmes across its diverse operations. 
These programmes aim to cultivate emerging talent by offering hands-on 
experience and exposure to various aspects of the business. By providing 
structured learning opportunities, Sapura Energy equips participants with the 
skills and knowledge needed to thrive in their respective fields. Moreover, 
these initiatives serve as a platform for young professionals and students to 
gain valuable insights into the industry while contributing fresh perspectives 
to the organisation. Through these programmes, Sapura Energy demonstrates 
its commitment to nurturing the next generation of leaders and fostering a 
dynamic and innovative workforce across the Group.
Programme Classification FY2023 FY2024
Management Trainee or Similar 
Programmes 43 20
Internship 37 60
FY2024FY2023
Internship Management Trainee or 
Similar Programme
43
37
20
60
Average Training Man-Hours  
per TVET Participants
No. of Management Trainee and 
Internship Programmes Offered
Annual Report 2024
75
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 78 ----
We have implemented various community development programmes that contribute to the well-being of our people and the 
communities in which we operate. Our programmes reflect the values and principles that we stand for. 
Guided by our Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) guidelines, the Group has four focus areas in its implementation of CSR:
Education: Provide underprivileged children and youths with tools and opportunities for educational and skills development.
Environment: Financial contribution and volunteering work for conservation and disaster relief initiatives.
Community: Support community development in the form of financial aid and volunteer work.
Employee Engagement: Encourage employee engagement to promote a healthy working environment.
We will evaluate any proposed programmes based on criteria such as alignment with the four CSR focus areas, potential impact 
and effectiveness, and adherence to the Group’s Vision and Core Values.
Why this is important
Community and societal engagement are key for Sapura Energy, as they build positive relationships, enhance our reputation, and 
promote sustainable development. By supporting societal initiatives, we align with our aim to create a positive social impact, 
contributing to the well-being of the broader community.
COMMUNITY AND SOCIETY14
  Our Approach
Our Performance
The Group is a strong advocate of TVET, aligning with the Malaysian government’s agenda to enhance the labour market 
through high-quality vocational education. Here’s how we support this initiative:
Technical and Vocational Education and Training
At Sapura Energy, nurturing talent and supporting local communities are central to our mission. We are committed to 
developing a skilled workforce and positively impacting the regions where we operate.
In 2017, we took a significant step by establishing the Sapura Fabrication Training Centre (“SFTC”) to address Malaysia’s skills 
gap. In collaboration with Malaysia’s Department of Skills Development, we developed comprehensive welding training 
programmes designed to equip Malaysian youth with the expertise needed for success in the oil and gas industry. This 
initiative also aims to reduce the industry’s reliance on foreign workers for skilled roles. The programmes at SFTC adhere to 
industry standards and provide practical, hands-on experience, making graduates highly sought after by leading contractors 
for their relevant skills.
SFTC has gained recognition as a leading institution in TVET, particularly in northern Peninsular Malaysia. Drawing many 
trainees from B40 communities in these regions, SFTC targets areas with opportunities for aspiring talent, contributing to 
breaking the cycle of poverty and promoting social mobility. This inclusive approach addresses regional disparities and fosters 
empowerment and pride within local communities.
Since the inception of our TVET programme in 2019, SFTC in Lumut has equipped approximately 320 students with critical 
skills and industry knowledge. Our commitment to fostering a skilled Malaysian workforce was further solidified through a 
Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) signed last year with the Government of Malaysia. This collaboration aims to decrease 
reliance on foreign labour while ensuring competitive compensation for our Malaysian workforce.
Furthermore, we have forged agreements with GiatMARA, Universiti Teknologi PETRONAS, and other vocational training 
institutions to enhance collaboration between industries and educational institutions. These partnerships aim to bridge the 
gap between theoretical knowledge and practical application, preparing students for successful careers in the industry.
Sapura Energy Berhad
76
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 79 ----
Distribution of food bags and gift vouchers to 
employees affected by flood
Flood Relief Tour
To encourage employees to contribute to the food 
bank by donating groceries to help those in need
Food Bank to Those in Need
Distributed sahur packs to Manjung Local Authorities 
(Bomba, Police, Hospital, Malaysia Civil Defence Force 
(“APM”) and Army (Navy)
LFU Singgah Sahur Programme
LFU staff and craft donate their grocery products to 
those who need them, and we distribute them within 
the local community
Food Bank
Distributed toys & stationary to Akademi Al-Kahfi
Kindergarden Visit
Collaborated with Kolej Komuniti Pasir Salak and their 
Sport Club
Awareness on Sea Turtles Conservation
Drilling division provided financial assistance to three 
(3) orphanages to support their education, besides 
delivering toys and stationary
Orphanage Support
Cook meals for those in need – collaboration with 
FoodAid Foundation 
Cooking for a Cause
Activity involving jogging while picking up litter 
around a beach in Lumut
Plogging
To support Malaysia’s coral reef conservation 
programme
Caring for Our Coral Reefs
To raise public awareness on the importance of 
preserving and conserving marine ecosystems, in line 
with the 17 UNSDGs
Community Service Programme
Offer medical support to children with cardiac 
diseases
Donation to Thai Cardiac Children Found
This reporting year, Sapura Energy prioritised community engagement through its CSR programmes. The Group focused 
on volunteer initiatives, allowing employees to directly contribute to their communities. This approach fosters a sense of 
purpose among employees while creating a positive social impact that extends beyond financial contributions.
Annual Report 2024
77
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 80 ----
Sapura Energy’s governance framework upholds ethical business practices, 
environmental and social compliance, and effective risk management. We 
conduct business responsibly by following guidelines and regulatory 
standards in all areas of operation and maintain high ethical standards 
consistent across the Group.
Sustainability Highlights:
STRENGTHENING INTEGRITY  
AND GOOD GOVERNANCE
88%
of total employees attended 
training on anti-corruption
Zero
substantiated complaints 
concerning customer privacy 
and losses of customer data
Zero
instances of confirmed and 
reported corruption incidents
  Stakeholders:
  Material Sustainability Matters:
UN SDGs:
01 Good Governance and 
Anti-Corruption
03 Risk Management
09 Environmental and Social 
Compliance
SI CP EMSSGR
Sapura Energy Berhad
78
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 81 ----
Why this is important
Strategic and transparent corporate governance forms the foundation for sustained organisational success. It serves as a safeguard 
against misconduct, fostering trust among stakeholders, and promotes ethical decision-making. As such, upholding good governance 
and anti-corruption are instrumental for addressing ESG-related concerns effectively.
GOOD GOVERNANCE & ANTI-CORRUPTION01
The Group is dedicated to fostering a fair and ethical culture across all operations. To promote effective and transparent 
governance, we have adopted various strategies to inform employees, suppliers, and stakeholders about relevant policies, 
responsibilities, and regulations. Implementing these measures encompass our corporate governance and anti-corruption 
initiatives to ensure best practices are applied group-wide.
This fiscal year, Sapura Energy introduced several new policies: Directors’ Fit & Proper, Personal Data Protection, Corporate 
Disclosure, Related Party Transactions (“RPT”) and Recurring Related Party Transactions (“RRPT”), and Board Diversity. The 
Group’s Code of Ethical Conduct now includes a section on sexual harassment and clear illustration on its Gift Policy, which 
among many requires employees to declare receivables into a Gifts and Hospitality Register, based on stipulated guidelines. 
Our Group Policy and Group Standards on Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (“ABAC”) and Whistleblowing helpline are aligned 
with the current recommendations by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (“MACC”) despite evolving organisational 
changes.
These Group Policy and Group Standards are overseen by the Board Audit Committee (“BAC”) and the BRMC. An open 
whistleblowing helpline is available for all stakeholders and employees, indicating our efforts to foster an open working 
environment and facilitate honest communication. To assist the BAC in reviewing complaints, the Complaints Investigation 
Committee (“CIC”) was established in 2021. Further details on these policies can be found on our official website.
We prioritise data privacy and integrity by ensuring confidentiality, protection, and security of personal data, all of which are 
crucial for our operations. Our policies are accessible to all employees via the intranet.
  Our Approach
Whistle 
Blowing Policy
Anti-Bribery  
Anti-Corruption
Personal Data 
Protection Policy
RPT and 
RRPT Policy
Corporate 
Disclosure Policy
Board Diversity 
Policy
Directors’ Fit & 
Proper Policy
Code of Ethical 
Conduct
Annual Report 2024
79
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 82 ----
Our Performance
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
The effort to intensify anti-corruption training for our employees signifies a proactive approach towards mitigating risks 
associated with corruption and bribery.
Employee Category FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Senior Management 2% 3% 76%
Management Staff 1% 2% 58%
Executives 2% 2% 77%
Non-Executives 0% 2% 78%
Note:
1. Senior Management refers positions of Vice President (“VP”), Group VP, and Group Chief Internal Auditor, General Manager (“GM”) and Project 
Director (Grade: E1, E2, 19 and 20)
2. Management refers to positions of Senior Manager, Manager and Lead (Grade: 16 – 18)
3. Executives refers to positions of Assistant Manager, Senior Executive, and Executive (Grade: 12 – 15) 
4. Non-Executives refers to positions of Assistant (Grade: 9 – 11)
In FY2024, six cases were reported via the Whistleblowing Helpline. These cases were subsequently referred to the Industrial 
Relations (“IR”) Department or Group Security Department for further investigation. The findings from these investigations 
were then reported to top management and CIC members.
Additionally, in FY2024, we launched an action plan to carry out a systematic Corruption Risk Assessment (“CRA”) to identify 
potential corruption risks, ensuring a proactive approach to preserving operational integrity. In the meantime, we continue 
to adhere to our policies and procedures with vigilance. Our ultimate goal is to achieve a 100 percent assessment of all 
risks throughout our operations in the upcoming years.
FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Corruption Incidents
Number of confirmed corruption incidents 2 0 0
Whistle-blower Mechanism
Number of cases reported through the 
Whistleblowing Helpline
1 7 6
Corruption Risk Assessment
Operations Assessed for Corruption Risk 0% 0% 0%
Data Privacy and Security
We are pleased to announce that there were no complaints regarding security or privacy breaches or loss of customer 
data reported for FY2024.
Data Privacy FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Number of substantiated complaints 
concerning customer privacy and losses 
of customer data
0 0 0
Sapura Energy Berhad
80
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 83 ----
Why this is important
Risk management is crucial for the Group to anticipate risks and identify opportunities. A robust risk management system enables 
efficient information flow and supports effective implementation of management decisions.
RISK MANAGEMENT03
We adhere to the ISO 31000 risk framework to identify, assess, and manage threats to capital, earnings, and operations. As a 
large organisation, we face a wide range of risks and the framework offers guidelines and principles to ensure readiness.
  Our Approach
Monthly Update and Review Periodic Update and Review
BoardBAC BRMCEXCOBusiness 
Unit
The Board establishes the risk framework and internal control 
system for the Group. It oversees and manages the Group’s 
key risk areas to achieve business objectives while maintaining 
an acceptable level of risk.
The BAC is responsible for overseeing and monitoring the 
financial risk management process, including fraud prevention 
and legal compliance. The BAC also evaluates management’s 
efforts and offers recommendations to the Board on the 
adequacy of the process for managing significant business 
risks.
The BRMC and BAC assures the Board that risk management 
practices and internal control systems are effectively 
implemented and monitored. It confirms that senior 
management enforces policies to identify and evaluate Sapura 
Energy’s risks and establishes adequate control measures.
EXCO implements effective risk management and identification 
systems to mitigate business threats, with Senior Vice 
Presidents (“SVPs”) accountable to the BRMC for risk 
management within their business units.
Business units are tasked with effectively managing, identifying, 
controlling, and reporting risks within their areas of 
responsibility.
The Group Internal Audit (“GIA”) upholds the effectiveness of 
Sapura Energy’s internal control framework by providing 
independent assurance. Utilising a risk-based approach, GIA 
conducts audits while the findings and action plans are 
reviewed by the BAC to enable necessary improvements.
Our Performance
The Company’s risks are documented in a risk register that 
details the risk type, its description, causes and consequences, 
existing controls, and management action plans for mitigation. 
Additionally, a key risk indicator (“KRI”) dashboard further 
monitors risk performance and provides early warnings of 
increased risk exposure.
ESG related risks identified would include:
• Unsustainable Financial Conditions
• Exodus of Talent
• Cybersecurity Invasion
• Reputational Damage
• Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
• Inconsistent Safety Culture
• Regulatory and Compliance
• Climate Change and Energy Transition
Reporting Flow
Governance Flow
Annual Report 2024
81
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 84 ----
ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL COMPLIANCE09
Why this is important
Our adherence to environmental and social regulations is vital for responsible and sustainable business practices. Staying current with 
regulations ensures the long-term viability of our projects, protects us from penalties, and affirms our pursuit for ethical operations. 
Transparency enables stakeholders to evaluate our environmental and social impact while holding us accountable for our actions.
The Group complies with procedural regulatory requirements, particularly those outlined in the Companies Act 2016, Capital 
Market and Services Act 2007, Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (“MCCG”), and the MMLR. We adhere to all regulations 
in the countries where we operate, including those related to security, safety, environmental, and human rights standards 
relevant to the Group. Compliance with local regulatory requirements is managed by individual business units. As specified in 
our Quality and Health and Safety (“QHSE”) Management System, each business division and project is required to abide by 
and maintain its Legal Compliance Register. This register undergoes periodic reviews and updates when necessary. Our business 
divisions adhere rigorously to relevant local and international laws and regulations applicable to their respective projects.
Training and Awareness
In FY2024, we implemented key training and awareness programmes outlined below, guided by the aim to uphold adherence 
to environmental and social regulations.
• Audit and Inspections – Onshore
• Chemical Spillage Emergency Response Drill
• Oil Spill Kit and Oil Spill Emergency Drill
• Code of Conduct
• Compliance and Cybersecurity
• Crane Safety 4 Positions
• Dropped Object Prevention - Awareness
• Environmental Awareness and Waste Management
• Environmental Regulatory Framework
• Food Handling
  Our Approach
Sapura Energy Berhad
82
Group Overview
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE ACTION

---- Page 85 ----
ISO Certifications
ISO certifications guarantee the quality of our products or services and mark the excellence of our performance in different 
aspects like work safety, environmental compliance, and energy management.
Operation
ISO 9001:2015 
(Quality)
ISO 14001:2015 
(Environment)
ISO 45001:2018 
(OHS)
Sapura Drilling Asia Sdn Bhd
Sapura Energy Australia Pty Ltd
Sapura Energy Mexicana, S.A.P.I de C.V.
Sapura Engineering Sdn Bhd – –
Sapura Fabrication Sdn Bhd
Sapura Offshore Sdn Bhd
Sapura GeoSciences Sdn Bhd – –
Sapura Pinewell Sdn Bhd
Sapura Subsea Services Sdn Bhd
Total Marine Technology Pty Ltd
Our Performance
During the reporting period, the Group did not incur any major fines for non-compliance with environmental and social 
laws and regulations.
Note:
Major fines refer to significant penalties or monetary sanctions imposed by regulatory bodies, governments, or legal authorities for serious violations 
of laws, regulations, or agreements. These fines are usually substantial in amount and are imposed as a deterrent to prevent similar violations in the 
future.
Annual Report 2024
83
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 86 ----
Sapura Energy Berhad
84
Group Overview
Sapura Energy Berhad
OUR ONGOING
JOURNEY
IN ELEVATING
SUSTAINABILITY

---- Page 87 ----
As we progress, Sapura Energy remains steadfast in our commitment to 
create sustainable growth, while actively supporting the national pathway to 
achieving net zero emissions by 2050 through collective action. Our journey 
towards a low-carbon future, coupled with our unwavering dedication to 
safety and integrity, drives us to pursue ongoing initiatives and efforts. By 
embracing innovative approaches and fostering strong partnerships, we aim 
to intensify our efforts in fostering sustainability and competitiveness among 
market players while promoting greater environmental responsibility and 
economic resilience. Recognising sustainability is an evolving journey 
influenced by external factors and we are committed to ensuring 
continuous improvement in this respect. Engaging stakeholders across the 
value chain is essential to adapt and refine our sustainable strategies. With 
our firm focus on sustainability, we look forward to shaping a brighter and 
more sustainable future for all stakeholders.
Annual Report 2024
85
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
Annual Report 2024

---- Page 88 ----
Indicator Measurement Unit 2022 2023 2024
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 64.00 50.00 42.00
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 709,310.00 619,465.00 847,138.00
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 184,271.00 158,411.00 218,039.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 12,644.00 12,129.00 10,825.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e (at least for the categories of business travel and employee commuting) Metric tonnes - - -
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 5,899.00 11,037.00 16,477.00
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste diverted from disposal Metric tonnes - - 13,072.00
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste directed to disposal Metric tonnes 5,899.00 11,037.00 16,477.00
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 0.530307 0.261178 0.464890
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0 0 1
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.65 0.62 0.27
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number - - 2,486
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Senior Management Hours 1,272 3,591 1,655
Management Hours 2,599 7,592 7,836
Executive Hours 2,524 8,770 26,299
Non-Executive Hours 189 659 2,838
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 24.00 38.00 28.00
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Senior Management Number 10 21 9
Management Number 69 96 54
Executive Number 233 460 239
Non-Executive Number 32 56 13
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number - - 0
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Management Under 30 Percentage 0.00 0.00 0.00
Management Between 30-50 Percentage 48.00 46.00 48.00
Management Above 50 Percentage 52.00 54.00 52.00
Executive Under 30 Percentage 1.00 0.00 1.00
Executive Between 30-50 Percentage 74.00 75.00 74.00
Executive Above 50 Percentage 25.00 25.00 25.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Under 30 Percentage 16.00 10.00 15.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Between 30-50 Percentage 77.00 80.00 76.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Above 50 Percentage 7.00 10.00 9.00
General Workers Under 30 Percentage 27.00 12.00 11.00
General Workers Between 30-50 Percentage 60.00 72.00 70.00
General Workers Above 50 Percentage 13.00 16.00 19.00
Gender Group by Employee Category
Management Male Percentage 81.00 79.00 77.00
Management Female Percentage 19.00 21.00 23.00
Executive Male Percentage 84.00 82.00 80.00
Executive Female Percentage 16.00 18.00 20.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Male Percentage 68.00 64.00 59.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Female Percentage 32.00 36.00 41.00
General Workers Male Percentage 58.00 55.00 56.00
General Workers Female Percentage 42.00 45.00 44.00
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 100.00 100.00 91.00
Female Percentage 0.00 0.00 9.00
Between 30-50 Percentage 10.00 10.00 18.00
Between 51-60 Percentage 50.00 50.00 46.00
Above 60 Percentage 40.00 40.00 36.00
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR - 324,988.00 0.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2022 2023 2024
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number - - 12
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Senior Management Percentage 2.00 3.00 76.00
Management Percentage 1.00 2.00 58.00
Executive Percentage 2.00 2.00 77.00
Non-Executive Percentage 0.00 2.00 78.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage 0.00 0.00 0.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 2 0 0
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0 0
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Sapura Energy Berhad
86
Group Overview
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE

---- Page 89 ----
Indicator Measurement Unit 2022 2023 2024
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage 64.00 50.00 42.00
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption Megawatt 709,310.00 619,465.00 847,138.00
Bursa (Emissions management)
Bursa C11(a) Scope 1 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 184,271.00 158,411.00 218,039.00
Bursa C11(b) Scope 2 emissions in tonnes of CO2e Metric tonnes 12,644.00 12,129.00 10,825.00
Bursa C11(c) Scope 3 emissions in tonnes of CO2e (at least for the categories of business travel and employee commuting) Metric tonnes - - -
Bursa (Waste management)
Bursa C10(a) Total waste generated Metric tonnes 5,899.00 11,037.00 16,477.00
Bursa C10(a)(i) Total waste diverted from disposal Metric tonnes - - 13,072.00
Bursa C10(a)(ii) Total waste directed to disposal Metric tonnes 5,899.00 11,037.00 16,477.00
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 0.530307 0.261178 0.464890
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related fatalities Number 0 0 1
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.65 0.62 0.27
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained on health and safety standards Number - - 2,486
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by employee category
Senior Management Hours 1,272 3,591 1,655
Management Hours 2,599 7,592 7,836
Executive Hours 2,524 8,770 26,299
Non-Executive Hours 189 659 2,838
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that are contractors or temporary staff Percentage 24.00 38.00 28.00
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee turnover by employee category
Senior Management Number 10 21 9
Management Number 69 96 54
Executive Number 233 460 239
Non-Executive Number 32 56 13
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated complaints concerning human rights violations Number - - 0
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by gender and age group, for each employee category
Age Group by Employee Category
Management Under 30 Percentage 0.00 0.00 0.00
Management Between 30-50 Percentage 48.00 46.00 48.00
Management Above 50 Percentage 52.00 54.00 52.00
Executive Under 30 Percentage 1.00 0.00 1.00
Executive Between 30-50 Percentage 74.00 75.00 74.00
Executive Above 50 Percentage 25.00 25.00 25.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Under 30 Percentage 16.00 10.00 15.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Between 30-50 Percentage 77.00 80.00 76.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Above 50 Percentage 7.00 10.00 9.00
General Workers Under 30 Percentage 27.00 12.00 11.00
General Workers Between 30-50 Percentage 60.00 72.00 70.00
General Workers Above 50 Percentage 13.00 16.00 19.00
Gender Group by Employee Category
Management Male Percentage 81.00 79.00 77.00
Management Female Percentage 19.00 21.00 23.00
Executive Male Percentage 84.00 82.00 80.00
Executive Female Percentage 16.00 18.00 20.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Male Percentage 68.00 64.00 59.00
Non-executive/Technical Staff Female Percentage 32.00 36.00 41.00
General Workers Male Percentage 58.00 55.00 56.00
General Workers Female Percentage 42.00 45.00 44.00
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by gender and age group
Male Percentage 100.00 100.00 91.00
Female Percentage 0.00 0.00 9.00
Between 30-50 Percentage 10.00 10.00 18.00
Between 51-60 Percentage 50.00 50.00 46.00
Above 60 Percentage 40.00 40.00 36.00
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the community where the target beneficiaries are external to the listed issuer MYR - 324,988.00 0.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2022 2023 2024
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number - - 12
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Senior Management Percentage 2.00 3.00 76.00
Management Percentage 1.00 2.00 58.00
Executive Percentage 2.00 2.00 77.00
Non-Executive Percentage 0.00 2.00 78.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage 0.00 0.00 0.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 2 0 0
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0 0
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2022 2023 2024
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number - - 12
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Senior Management Percentage 2.00 3.00 76.00
Management Percentage 1.00 2.00 58.00
Executive Percentage 2.00 2.00 77.00
Non-Executive Percentage 0.00 2.00 78.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage 0.00 0.00 0.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 2 0 0
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0 0
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2022 2023 2024
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of the investment in communities Number - - 12
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who have received training on anti-corruption by employee category
Senior Management Percentage 2.00 3.00 76.00
Management Percentage 1.00 2.00 58.00
Executive Percentage 2.00 2.00 77.00
Non-Executive Percentage 0.00 2.00 78.00
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations assessed for corruption-related risks Percentage 0.00 0.00 0.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of corruption and action taken Number 2 0 0
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Number 0 0 0
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Annual Report 2024
87
Management Discussion  
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 90 ----
Statement of use Sapura Energy Berhad has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period 
1  February 2023 to 31 January 2024 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
(PAGE)
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organisational details 32-34
2-2 Entities included in the organisation’s sustainability reporting 33
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 33
2-5 External assurance 33
2-7 Employees 65-73
2-9 Governance structure and composition 40
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 40
2-23 Policy commitments 37
2-24 Embedding policy commitments 37
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 51
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 41-44
GRI 204: 
Procurement 
Practices 2016
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 52
GRI 205: Anti-
corruption 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 79-80
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 79-80
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 79-80
GRI 302: Energy 
2016
302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 60
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 60
GRI 303: Water and 
Effluents 2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource 61
303-5 Water consumption 61
GRI 305: Emissions 
2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 57-58
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 57-58
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 57-58
GRI 306: Waste 2020 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 56
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts 56
306-3 Waste generated 56
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 56
306-5 Waste directed to disposal 56
GRI 401: 
Employment 2016
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 68
Sapura Energy Berhad
88
Group Overview
GRI CONTENT INDEX

---- Page 91 ----
GRI STANDARD DISCLOSURE LOCATION
(PAGE)
GRI 403: 
Occupational Health 
and Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 63-65
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 63-65
403-3 Occupational health services 63-65
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health 
and safety
63-65
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 63-65
403-6 Promotion of worker health 63-65
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly 
linked by business relationships
63-65
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system 63-65
403-9 Work-related injuries 63-65
403-10 Work-related ill health 63-65
GRI 404: Training 
and Education 2016
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 73
404-2 Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 73
GRI 405: Diversity 
and Equal 
Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 69-72
GRI 406: Non-
discrimination 2016
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 68
GRI 413: Local 
Communities 2016
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and 
development programmes
76-77
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local 
communities
76-77
GRI 418: Customer 
Privacy 2016
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses 
of customer data
80
Annual Report 2024
89
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 92 ----
PRINCIPLE
The Board of Directors (“Board”) and 
management of Sapura Energy Berhad 
(“the Company” or “Sapura Energy”) 
view corporate governance as 
fundamental and crucial to our long-
term business sustainability. Sapura 
Energy and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) 
remain committed and strive to ensure 
that the Group has in place a robust 
corporate governance framework, 
appropriate for its size, operations, and 
organisational structure.
We are committed to continuously enhancing our corporate 
governance practices through ongoing evaluation, feedback, and 
adaptation to best practices. We regularly review our governance 
framework, policies, and procedures to ensure alignment with 
evolving regulatory requirements, stakeholder expectations and 
dynamic landscape of our business. Our governance framework 
is guided by the principles and best practices of corporate 
governance as prescribed by:
 Companies Act, 2016 (“CA 2016”);
 Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”);
 Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (“MCCG”) issued 
by the Securities Commission of Malaysia; and
 Corporate Governance Guide: 4th Edition (“CG Guide”) 
issued by Bursa Malaysia Berhad.
This statement aims to provide shareholders and other 
stakeholders with insight into the approach undertaken by the 
Company in applying the principles of corporate governance 
during its financial year ended 31 January 2024 (“FY2024”), 
including the manner in which it applies the three (3) key 
relevant provisions of MCCG, namely:
This statement should be read together with our Corporate 
Governance Report FY2024 (“CG Report FY2024”), which is 
available on our corporate website at www.sapuraenergy.com.
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS
The Board views corporate governance as a fundamental process 
contributing towards achieving long-term stakeholder value, 
taking into account the interests of all stakeholders. Collectively, 
the Board takes responsibility and accountability for the overall 
conduct and performance of the Group’s business by maintaining 
full and effective control over strategic, financial, operational, 
compliance and governance issues.
Amidst an increasingly challenging operating environment, the 
Board strives to strengthen the Group’s corporate governance 
practices and processes to meet operating challenges. The Board 
embraces transparency and accountability in the boardroom and 
promotes these critical components of governance throughout 
the Group.
The Board recognises the important role that corporate 
governance plays in ensuring sustainable long-term performance, 
returns for our stakeholders, and the creation of long-term 
economic value and growth.
The Group’s governance structure and practices create value for 
all its stakeholders by:
 Building cogency through principled leadership
 Securing the integrity and quality of financial reporting
 Ensuring a good reputation with accountable behaviour
The Board works to ensure that the Group’s governance 
structure continues to remain appropriate and is reviewed as and 
when necessary to reflect the markets, the communities, and 
changes in regulations within which the Group operates. The 
Board Charter provides guidance to the Board in discharging its 
roles, duties and responsibilities in line with the principles of 
good governance. The Board Charter has been reviewed by the 
Board on 26 June 2023. The revised Board Charter is available 
on the Company's website at www.sapuraenergy.com.
In order to ensure the orderly and effective discharge of its 
functions and responsibilities, the Board has put in place a 
Governance Framework for the Group, where specific powers of 
the Board are delegated to the relevant Board Committees and 
the Group Chief Executive Officer (“GCEO”). The Governance 
Framework is built upon the Terms of Reference (“TOR”) of the 
respective Board Committees and complemented by the Limits 
of Authority (“LOA”), supported by various management 
committees, policies and procedures.
Board leadership and effectiveness;A
Effective audit and risk management; andB
Integrity in corporate reporting and meaningful 
relationships with stakeholders.C
Sapura Energy Berhad
90
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 93 ----
The principal responsibilities of the Board are, amongst others, as follows:
 Appointment of GCEO;
 Review and adopt a strategic business development plan for 
the Group’s long-term direction, and formulate business 
objectives and strategies, including strategies that promote 
sustainability for the Group;
 Ensure that the Company has adequate resources to meet 
its objectives and that it maintains an effective or sound risk 
management framework;
 Review and implement the Company’s internal control 
system; and to monitor its performance and ensure that it 
acts ethically and meets its responsibilities to shareholders 
and other stakeholders;
 Oversee Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 
issues;
 Oversee the conduct of the Group’s businesses and 
evaluate whether or not the businesses are being properly 
managed;
 Identify principal risks and ensure the implementation of 
appropriate systems to manage these risks;
 Implement succession planning, including appointment, 
training, compensation and, where appropriate, replacement 
of the Company’s GCEO and Non-Independent Executive 
Directors;
 Oversee the development and implementation of an 
investor relations programme or shareholder communication 
policy for the Group;
 Review the adequacy and integrity of the Group’s internal 
control systems and management information systems, 
including systems for compliance with applicable laws, 
regulations, rules, directives and guidelines; and
 Give attention to strategies relating to the health, safety and 
environment, and compliance with the relevant laws, rules 
and regulations. The Board also places emphasis on the 
formulation of strategies to promote sustainable 
development in areas covering economics, environment 
and social development.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
BOARD AUDIT 
COMMITTEE
GROUP CHIEF INTERNAL 
AUDITOR
CHIEF RISK OFFICER
COMPANY SECRETARY
BOARD NOMINATION 
AND REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
BOARD RISK 
MANAGEMENT 
COMMITTEE
Annual Report 2024
91
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 94 ----
Key focus areas or matters reviewed and deliberated by the Board in FY2024 are as follows:
 strategic risks and opportunities;
 debt and operational restructuring, including proposed 
restructuring scheme and regularisation plan and matters 
related thereto;
 disclosure to Bursa Securities;
 business planning and performance appraisal;
 succession planning of Executive Committee members and 
composition of Board and Board Committees;
 material revenue contracts and service expenditure;
 financial matters such as performance report and write-off 
of significant bad debts and assets;
 quality, health, safety and environment;
 governance, group policies and related party transactions;
 litigation report; and
 sustainability initiatives and issues.
In addition to the matters reserved for the Board under the Board Charter, the LOA covers both operations (tender or bidding, project 
management, capital expenditure and project procurement) and corporate related matters (finance, human resources, legal and other 
corporate matters) for the Group that require Board’s approval and delegation of powers to its Board Committees, the GCEO as well 
as management.
Division of Roles and Responsibilities between the Chairman and the GCEO
The positions of Chairman and GCEO of the Company are at all times held by different individuals, each with clear and distinct roles 
as outlined in the Board Charter. This distinct demarcation and separate roles of the Chairman, who heads the Board and GCEO 
leading the Senior Management and operations, establishes a framework that maintains a balance of power and authority. This 
framework prevents one single individual from unduly influencing the deliberations and decisions of the Board.
The Chairman plays a pivotal leadership role in overseeing the Board and its interactions with shareholders and stakeholders. The 
Board Charter clearly outlines the Chairman's primary responsibilities, which include ensuring the effective conduct of Board activities 
through the following key roles:
 representing the Board to shareholders;
 ensuring the adequacy and integrity of the governance 
process;
 maintaining regular dialogue with the GCEO over all 
operational matters and consulting with the remainder of 
the Board members promptly over any matter that give him 
cause for major concern;
 functioning as a facilitator at meetings of the Board to 
ensure that no member, whether executive or non-
executive, dominates the discussion; that appropriate 
discussions take place and that relevant opinions amongst 
members are forthcoming. The Chairman ensures that 
discussions result in logical and understandable outcomes;
 ensuring that all Directors are enabled and encouraged to 
participate at Board meetings. This includes ensuring that 
all relevant issues are on the agenda and that all Directors 
receive timely and relevant information tailored to their 
needs and that they are properly briefed on issues arising 
at Board meetings;
 ensuring that Management look beyond their executive 
functions and accept their full share of responsibilities on 
governance;
 guiding and mediating Board actions with respect to 
organisational priorities and governance concerns; and
 undertaking the primary responsibility for organising 
information necessary for the Board to deal with items on 
the agenda and for providing this information to Directors 
on a timely basis.
The Chairman, who is a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director, is supported by the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director 
to ensure objective and independent deliberation, review and decision-making by the Board and to have more effective oversight of 
management. The Chairman has never assumed any executive position in the Group.
The GCEO has the overall responsibility for the Group’s operations, business units and support services, organisational effectiveness 
and implementation of the Board’s policies, directives, strategies and decisions. In addition, the GCEO also functions as the intermediary 
between the Board and Management.
Sapura Energy Berhad
92
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 95 ----
THE BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three (3) Board Committees to 
enhance the effectiveness of its functions and, when appropriate, 
delegates specific responsibilities to these Board Committees 
through clearly defined TOR. While these Board Committees 
have been granted discretionary authority to deliberate and 
decide on certain key operational matters, it is important to note 
that the ultimate responsibility for all final decisions rests with 
the entire Board.
The three (3) Board Committees are as follows:
1  Board Audit Committee;
2  Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee; and
3  Board Risk Management Committee.
The respective Chairman of these Board Committees reports to 
the Board on salient matters deliberated at the Board Committees 
meetings, together with their recommendation.
1 Board Audit Committee
The Board Audit Committee (“BAC”) comprises four (4) members, 
all of whom are Non-Executive Directors, with a majority of 
them being Independent Directors.
Chairman
 Lim Tiang Siew
 Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Members
 Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Appointed as a member on 26 July 2023)
 Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad
 Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Appointed as a member on 15 December 2023)
 Datuk Muhamad Noor Hamid
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Ceased to be a member following his retirement as a 
Director on 26 July 2023)
 Rohaizad Darus
 Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Ceased to be a member following his resignation as a 
Director on 25 March 2024)
Composition and Size
At least three (3) members
All of whom are Non-Executive Directors
Majority being Independent Directors
Chairman is an INED pursuant to Paragraph 15.10 of MMLR
Key Functions
The primary objective of the BAC is to assist the Board in 
fulfilling its fiduciary and statutory duties relating to corporate 
accounting and reporting practices of the Company and Group; 
and enhancing internal control and corporate governance.
The summary of key activities of the BAC during FY2024 are set 
out in the Report of the BAC on pages 131 to 135 of this Annual 
Report.
The BAC is governed by a written TOR which ensures it deals 
clearly within its authority and duties. The TOR has been 
reviewed by the BAC and endorsed by the Board on 29 March 
2023. The revised TOR is available on the Company’s website at 
www.sapuraenergy.com.
2 Board Nomination and  
Remuneration Committee
The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“BNRC”) 
comprises four (4) members, all of whom are Non-Executive 
Directors, with a majority of them being Independent Directors.
Chairman
 Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali
 Independent Non-Executive Director
Members
 Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Appointed as a member on 26 July 2023)
 Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad
 Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Appointed as a member on 15 December 2023)
Annual Report 2024
93
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 96 ----
 Datuk Muhamad Noor Hamid
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Ceased to be a member following his retirement as a 
Director on 26 July 2023)
 Lim Fu Yen
 Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Redesignated from Independent Non-Executive Director to 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 11 March 
2023)
 (Ceased to be a member following his resignation as a 
BNRC member on 15 December 2023)
Composition and Size
At least three (3) members and a maximum of four (4) 
members
All are Non-Executive Directors with majority being 
Independent Directors
Key Functions
The BNRC carries out the duties and responsibilities delegated to 
it by the Board. The key responsibilities of BNRC are as follows:
• Addressing business continuity of the Company and the 
Group by having in place a succession plan for the Board 
and Senior Management;
• Considering potential candidates and nominate suitable 
persons to the Board;
• Recommending the appointment of Board members and 
Board Committee members;
• Assessing the performance of the Board members as a whole 
and as individuals as well as Board Committees on an on-
going basis;
• Responsible for recommending to the Board the remuneration 
and reward framework for Executive Directors and Senior 
Management to allow the Company to attract and retain its 
Executive Directors and Senior Management, giving due 
regard to the financial situation and performance of the 
Company;
• Assessing and recommending the remuneration packages of 
the GCEO, Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors of 
the Company; 
• Assisting in reviewing and recommending the annual bonus 
payment rate and increment range to all employees of the 
Group based on the Group’s policy; and
• Administering the Share Issuance Scheme, the Share Bonus 
Scheme and Executive Share Option Scheme (“ESOS”) in 
accordance with the relevant by-laws and the guidelines.
The BNRC is governed by a written TOR which ensures it 
operates clearly within its authority and duties. The TOR has 
been reviewed by the BNRC and endorsed by the Board on 
4  April 2024. The revised TOR is available on the Company’s 
website at www.sapuraenergy.com.
FY2024 Key Activities
During the FY2024, seven (7) BNRC meetings were held.
The summary of key activities performed by the BNRC is as follows:
• Review and recommend the scorecard Key Performance 
Indicators (“KPI”) Setting for FY2024;
• Review and assess the performance and effectiveness of the 
Board as a whole, the Board Committees, and each individual 
Director;
• Assist in reviewing the mid-term review and KPI of the GCEO 
for the FY2024;
• Review and recommend the groupwide target performance 
bonus FY2024, salary band by countries and the C-suite KPI 
achievement and salary adjustment;
• Review and recommend Non-Executive Directors’ fees and 
benefits, including the proposed court appointed Director’s 
fee;
• Review and discuss the updates on C-suites appointments 
and successions including the succession planning for GCEO;
• Review and recommend the appointments of new and 
additional members to Sapura Energy Board and the Board 
Committees of Sapura Energy, including the re-election of 
Directors;
• Review and recommend the Diversity Policy and discuss the 
workforce diversity in Sapura Energy Group;
• Discuss bonus payment, salary and benefits review;
• Review the roles and responsibilities and the terms of 
reference of the BNRC;
• Review and discuss the Directors’ trainings and the Board 
assessment questionnaires;
• Review and discuss the feedback on preliminary long term 
incentive plan framework design;
• Review and recommend the specialist career ladder and 
salary band;
• Review and discuss the number of expatriate and their 
performance; and
• Review and discuss the 30 percent women Directors’ 
representation on the Board of Sapura Energy as per the PNB 
Voting Guidelines.
Sapura Energy Berhad
94
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 97 ----
3 Board Risk Management Committee
The Board Risk Management Committee (“BRMC”) comprises 
three (3) members with all of them being Non-Executive 
Directors.
Chairman
 Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Appointed as Chairman on 26 July 2023)
 Datuk Muhamad Noor Hamid
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Ceased to be Chairman following his retirement as a 
Director on 26 July 2023)
Members
 Lim Tiang Siew
 Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
 Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Appointed as a member on 26 July 2023)
 Lim Fu Yen
 Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
 (Redesignated from Independent Non-Executive Director to 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 11 March 
2023)
 (Ceased to be a member following his resignation as a 
BRMC member on 24 May 2023)
 Rohaizad Darus
 Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
 (Ceased to be a member following his resignation as a 
Director on 25 March 2024)
Composition and Size
At least three (3) members
Majority being Non-Executive Directors
Chairman shall be an Independent Director
Key Functions
The BRMC is entrusted with key responsibilities aimed at 
safeguarding the Group’s interests and ensuring robust risk 
management practices. These responsibilities include:
• Overseeing the assessment of processes pertaining to the 
Company’s risk and controls, ensuring the efficacy of the 
Group’s risk management framework and Quality, Health, 
Safety, and Environment (“QHSE”) practices.
• Exercising oversight on sustainability strategies, addressing 
pertinent issues, coordinating communication plans, and 
making decisions aligned with the Group's values, governance 
standards, and regulatory obligations.
• Approving the appointment of the Chief Risk Officer.
By fulfilling these duties, the BRMC plays a pivotal role in 
fortifying the Group’s resilience and sustainability amidst evolving 
challenges.
The BRMC is governed by a written TOR which ensures it deals 
clearly within its authority and duties. The TOR has been 
reviewed by the BRMC and endorsed by the Board on 4 April 
2024. The revised TOR is available on the Company’s website at 
www.sapuraenergy.com.
FY2024 Key Activities
During the FY2024, seven (7) BRMC meetings were held.
The summary of key activities performed by the BRMC are as 
follows:
• Review the quarterly update on QHSE;
• Review the Group principal risks and key risk indicators 
update;
• Review the updates on enterprise risk management, liquidity 
risk and toxic contracts;
• Review the Statement on Risk Management and Internal 
Control and the Sustainability Statements (including Statement 
on QHSE) for inclusion in the Annual Report;
• Review the scope, budget, cost, timelines, resources, key risks 
and mitigations, key terms and qualification and market 
competition in project tenders process and bidding, tender 
submissions as well as secured projects; and
• Review and approve the appointment of Chief Risk Officer.
Annual Report 2024
95
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 98 ----
Board Restructuring Taskforce
In addressing the financial challenges faced by the Company and 
with the view for more effective and focused approach to 
address these challenges especially the restructuring exercise 
undertaken by the Company, a Board Restructuring Taskforce 
(“BRTF”) was established in 2021. BRTF supports the GCEO in 
designing specific workstreams and to execute and deliver on 
the strategic initiatives to restructure and achieve long-term 
sustainability.
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Lim Tiang Siew was appointed as the Company’s Senior 
Independent Non-Executive Director, effective from 31 May 
2022.
The Senior Independent Non-Executive Director plays a crucial 
role in the Board by:
• Providing valuable advice and acting as a sounding board for 
the Chairman;
• Acting as the designated point of contact for shareholders, 
facilitating direct communication on matters that cannot be 
resolved through normal channels.
• Serving as the key liaison between the Independent Non-
Executive Directors (“INED”) and the Chairman, particularly on 
sensitive issues.
• Ensuring all INEDs have the opportunity to contribute to 
agenda setting, and advising the Chairman on the quality, 
quantity, and timeliness of information provided by 
management for effective performance of INED duties.
• Overseeing the effective implementation of the Company’s 
Whistleblowing Policy.
Company Secretaries
The Company Secretaries are responsible for advising the Board 
on issues relating to compliance with relevant laws, rules, 
procedures and regulations affecting the Board and the Group, 
as well as the best practices of governance. They are also 
responsible for advising the Board of their obligations and duties 
to disclose their interests in securities, any conflict of interests 
in transactions involving the Group, guidance in dealing in 
securities and restrictions on disclosure of price-sensitive 
information.
The Board has unhindered access to the advice and services of 
the Company Secretaries.
Board and Board Committee Meetings
Board meetings are scheduled in advance before the 
commencement of the new financial year. This practice ensures 
that Directors are able to plan and accommodate the year’s 
meetings in their schedules. It also allows them to devote 
sufficient time to effectively discharge their duties and make 
efforts to attend meetings.
In instances where urgent proposals or matters necessitate 
expeditious decisions or deliberations by the Board and/or Board 
Committees, additional or special meetings were convened 
between the scheduled meetings.
Information in an appropriate form is furnished to the Board in 
a timely manner to enable it to discharge its duties relating to 
all matters that require its attention and decision-making. 
Proposals comprising comprehensive and balanced financial and 
non-financial information are encapsulated in the Board papers 
to enable the Board to examine both the quantitative and 
qualitative aspects of the business. Board meetings are convened 
promptly following the finalisation of the Company’s quarterly 
and annual results for the Board’s review and approval, prior to 
announcement to Bursa Securities.
The agenda and supporting papers for Board and Board 
Committees are distributed in advance to all members of the 
Board and Board Committees respectively, in order to allow 
adequate time for appropriate review to facilitate full discussion 
at the meetings.
Proper minutes of Board and Board Committee meetings 
covering issues raised, discussions, deliberations, decisions and 
conclusions, including dissenting views made at Board and Board 
Committees meetings, along with clear actions to be taken by 
parties responsible were produced and the duly confirmed 
minutes were kept as statutory records by the Company. Director 
who has an interest in any matters related to the Company must 
immediately disclose the nature of his or her interest and abstain 
from participating in any discussion or decision making on the 
subject matter.
In addition to the Board, Senior Management, and/or external 
advisors are invited to attend Board and Board Committees 
meetings to provide clarification, more information and advice 
on agenda items whenever necessary. The Board also practices 
direct communication and guidance to Senior Management in 
ensuring all important aspects in relation to proposals and 
agenda items be taken into account and well analysed to enable 
the Board and/or the Board Committees to arrive at informed 
decisions.
Sapura Energy Berhad
96
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 99 ----
Attendance of Meetings
Directors had shown full commitment to their duties and responsibilities and this was reflected by their attendance at Board meetings 
held during the financial year. The Board met twelve (12) times during FY2024. Details of attendance of the Directors are as follows:
Directors Designation Attendance Percentage
Dato’ Mohammad Azlan Abdullah Chairman, Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director
12/12 100%
Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib Group Chief Executive Officer
Executive Director
11/12 92%
Dato’ Shahriman Shamsuddin Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 11/12 92%
Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid Independent Non-Executive Director 12/12 100%
Lim Tiang Siew Senior Independent Non-Executive Director 12/12 100%
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali Independent Non-Executive Director 12/12 100%
Lim Fu Yen
(Redesignated as Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director following  
his appointment as a Court 
Appointed Director on 11 March 
2023)
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 12/12 100%
Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad
(Appointed on 26 May 2023)
Independent Non-Executive Director 8/8 100%
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani
(Appointed on 26 May 2023)
Independent Non-Executive Director 8/8 100%
Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad
(Appointed on 15 December 2023)
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 1/1 100%
Cosimo Borrelli
(Ceased to be a Court Appointed 
Director on 10 March 2023)
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 0/1 0%
Dato’ Muhamad Noor Hamid
(Retired on 26 July 2023)
Independent Non-Executive Director 6/6 100%
Rohaizad Darus
(Resigned on 25 March 2024)
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 12/12 100%
Annual Report 2024
97
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 100 ----
The attendance of members at the Board Committee meetings held during FY2024 is as detailed below:
Name of Directors BAC BRMC BNRC
Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors Attendance
Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad
(Appointed as a member of BAC and BNRC on 15 December 2023) – – 1/1
Lim Fu Yen
(Resigned as a member of BRMC on 24 May 2023 and a member  
of BNRC on 15 December 2023)
– 3/3 6/6
Rohaizad Darus
(Resigned as a member of BAC and BRMC on 25 March 2024) 6/6 7/7 –
Independent Non-Executive Directors Attendance
Lim Tiang Siew 6/6 7/7 –
Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid – – 7/7
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali 6/6 – 7/7
Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad
(Appointed as the Chairman of BRMC and a member of BNRC on 26 July 
2023)
– 3/3 3/3
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani
(Appointed as a member of BAC and BRMC on 26 July 2023) 2/2 3/3 –
Datuk Muhamad Noor Hamid
(Ceased to be the Chairman of BRMC and a member of BAC and BNRC  
on 26 July 2023)
4/4 3/4 4/4
Number of meetings held in FY2024 6 7 7
Continuous Professional Development
The majority of Board members have completed the Mandatory Accreditation Programme and have attended a half-day training 
session on Key Disclosure Obligations conducted by an external professional trainer and organised by the Company on 30 April 2024. 
Company Secretaries ensure that new Directors are provided with the relevant corporate governance information of the Company. 
Newly appointed Directors undergo an induction briefing tailored to provide a thorough understanding of the Group’s businesses and 
operations, including the major risks inherent in the Company’s business environment.
The Board is actively encouraged to participate in a variety of educational programmes, talks, seminars, workshops, and conferences 
to continuously enhance their skills and knowledge and stay updated with new developments in the business environment. The Board 
collectively identifies the training needs for the entire Board, while individual Directors are also empowered to identify their specific 
training needs. This approach takes into consideration their roles and responsibilities on other boards, ensuring a well-rounded and 
informed approach to training and development.
Sapura Energy Berhad
98
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 101 ----
The training programmes attended by members of the Board during FY2024 are as follows:
Name of Directors Training Programmes
Dato’ Mohammad Azlan Abdullah • The Future Managing of the Workplace & People
• Keeping The Board Out of Trouble
• Navigating the Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Risk in the Supply Chain
• Introduction to Corporate Directorship in The New Era of ESG
• Payment to Directors – What’s Allowed and Disallowed
• A New Strategy & Risk Approach
• CPA Virtual Congress
• Embracing ESG in Value Creation
• Board of Directors Leadership – Effective Climate Governance
• A Delicate Balance – Board & Management Relationship
• Macroeconomic Forces in Financial Market
• Transaction by Directors
• Taxation Compliance, Knowledge and Complexity
• Chairman’s Masterclass Driving Sustainability from the Chair
• Introduction to ESG & Sustainable Finance
Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib • Understanding and Assessing ESG Risks, Trends and Developments
• Executive Coaching
• Energy Asia – Charting Pathways for a Sustainable Asia
• Navigating the Energy Transition: Identifying Uncertainties and Seizing Opportunities
• MOGSC Leadership Round Table Meeting-Resiliency of OGSE Segment Key to Energy 
Security and Transition Agenda
• Speaker, Charting the Course: Assessing Performance and Shaping the Future of 
Malaysia’s Upstream Capital Projects
Dato’ Shahriman Shamsuddin • Understanding and Assessing ESG Risks, Trends and Developments
Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid • Understanding and Assessing ESG Risks, Trends and Developments
• PNB Knowledge Forum 2023: Education Reimagined
Annual Report 2024
99
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 102 ----
Name of Directors Training Programmes
Lim Tiang Siew • Get Chatty with ChatGPT: How to Use the AI Chatbot Everyone’s Talking About
• BNM-Financial Institutions Directors’ Education (“FIDE”) Forum Roundtable on Licensing 
and Regulatory Framework for Digital Insurers and Takaful Operators Exposure Draft
• MSIG In-house Training: Updates on MS&AD
• MSIG In-house Training: IFRS 17
• MSIG In-house Training: Phased Liberalisation 2.0
• MSIG In-house Training: MSIG’s Tabletop Cyber Drill
• MSIG In-house Training: Climate Change-Carbon Footprint
• HSBC Non-executive Directors Summit
• Islamic Finance for Board of Directors Programme
• Understanding the Impact of Digital Transformation in the Financial Industry: What Board 
Members Need to Know
• ESG – Bursa Malaysia’s enhanced sustainability reporting requirements
• Introducing the first ISSB™ Standards: Understanding what they mean for global 
companies
• PNB Knowledge Forum 2023 Harnessing Innovation and Technology for Sustainable 
Business
• What Amounts to a Conflict of Interest by Directors by Khoo Guan Huat
• Learning @ Work: Human Learning in the Age of Machine Learning
• Cyber Briefing to the Board of Directors HSBC
• The FIDE Core Program Module A: Bank
• PIDM National Resolution Symposium 2023
• 2nd Distinguished Board Leadership Series 2023 – Empowering Change through 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
• PNB Knowledge Forum 2023 | Education Reimagined
• Cloud Requirements in Risk Management and Technology, AI and Machine Learning
• The Wirecard Scandal – A Whistleblower’s Perspective
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali • ‘La Convivencia in Malaysia Today’ by YBhg. Dato’ Dr Afifi Al Akiti
• In-house Training: Branding in the industry
• In-house Training: Demystifying ESG – Understanding Bursa Malaysia’s Requirements and 
ISSB’s Global Baseline on Sustainability Reporting
• Invest Malaysia 2023 – Reshaping Malaysia’s Narrative (Series 1: “Strengthening Resilience 
& Sustaining Growth”)
• Agile Thinking Training for Non-Executive Directors
• Talk on Solar Energy Documentation and Issues by Dr Chairil Nazri Ahmad
• Board Audit Committee Dialogue and Networking: “A Serious Allegation is Reported –
What Should Boards Do?”
• Annual Board Risk Workshop (MIB)
• International Malaysia Law Conference
• President of Law Associations (POLA) Conference
• PNB Knowledge Forum 2023
• In-house Training: Decarbonisation Workshop
• OGSEs in the Energy Transition by Westwood Global Energy Group
• Sustainability Metrics by Joshua Rayyan
• Understanding and Assessing ESG Risks, Trends and Developments
• PNB Knowledge Forum 2023: Education Reimagined
• Setia Governance Risk & Audit Forum (Accelerating Transformation, Navigating the Future: 
A Governance Perspective)
• PNB Planet Cyber: Securing the Future: Elevating Cyber Resilience
• Mandatory Accreditation Programme Part II: Leading for Impact
• In-house Training: Conflicts of Interest
Sapura Energy Berhad
100
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 103 ----
Name of Directors Training Programmes
Lim Fu Yen • Understanding and Assessing ESG Risks, Trends and Developments
Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad • Mandatory Accreditation Programme (MAP Part I)
• Understanding and Assessing ESG Risks, Trends and Developments
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani • Mandatory Accreditation Programme (MAP Part I)
• PNB Knowledge Forum 2023: Harnessing Innovation & Technology for Sustainable 
Business
• Strategy Away Day Outlook on Oil & Gas Market
• Understanding and Assessing ESG Risks, Trends and Developments
• Sapura Energy onboarding for new Director: Business Industry and Outlook Knowledge
Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad • iRAC Week 2023 Trak 2: Tech for Integrity – Shaping the future of trust & integrity
• Leadership Team Offsite
• The Cooler Earth Sustainability Summit 2023
• Project Viridis Workshop
• High Level Dialogue on Future Proofing MESI
• Board and Senior Management's Leadership Role in Enhancing AML/CFT Compliance 
Culture
• Economist Intelligence Corporate Network
• Leadership Team Innovation Masterclass 
• India Investment Promotion Roadshow in Malaysia
• PNB Public Markets Dialogue 2024
Rohaizad Darus
(Resigned on 25 March 2024)
• Securities Commission – Audit Oversight Board Conversation with Audit Committees
• Bursa Malaysia – FTSE4GOOD ESG Rating for All PLCs
• Malaysian Petroleum Resource Corporation – Industry Engagement Series: Energy 
Transition in Asia
• Malaysian Petroleum Resource Corporation – National OGSE Roadshow 2023
• ICDM – Post-Budget 2024 Dialogue: Economic Reforms, Empowering the People
• ICDM – Climate Change & Carbon Footprint: Getting the Right Financial Risk & Reporting 
Perspectives
• ICDM – Corporate Innovation Through Venture Building: A Capital Efficient & Risk 
Mitigated Approach
• ICDM – Generative AI – An Opportunity or Risk?
• ICDM – Advancing Cyber Resilience: Board’s Top 3 Must Know
• ICDM – Rethinking Ethics and Governance Issues: Next Steps for Boards
• ICDM – Board Risk Management Committee Dialogue and Networking
• ICDM – Board Audit Committee Dialogue and Networking
Annual Report 2024
101
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 104 ----
OUR COMPLIANCE UNIVERSE
Integrity and Ethics
The Board strives to adhere to the highest ethical standards in 
discharging its responsibilities and continues to promote integrity 
and ethical conduct among its employees in all aspects of the 
Group’s business operations, including confidentiality of 
information, conflicts of interest, as well as QHSE performance, 
amongst others.
Code of Ethical Conduct
The Group has in place a Code of Ethical Conduct that sets the 
tone on how the Group’s business is conducted globally that 
applies to all members of the organisation. The Group aims to 
act responsibly, accountably and with transparency in all areas 
of operation. The areas covered by the Code of Ethical Conduct 
are anti-corruption and bribery, sexual harassment, gifts and 
hospitality, conflict of interest, fair competition, data privacy 
protection, whistleblowing, and sanctions for violations.
The Company's Code of Ethical Conduct has been reviewed by 
its Executive Committee on 18 January 2024. The revised Code 
of Ethical Conduct is made available on the Company's website 
at www.sapuraenergy.com.
Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy Statement
The Group conducts all its business in an honest and ethical 
manner and takes a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and 
corruption and is committed to acting professionally, fairly and 
with integrity in all its business dealings and relationships. The 
Group is also committed in upholding all laws relevant to 
countering bribery and corruption in Malaysia and all other 
jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company’s Anti-Bribery 
and Anti-Corruption Standard has been reviewed by its Executive 
Committee on 18 January 2024. The revised Anti-Bribery Anti-
Corruption Standard is made available on the Company’s website 
at www.sapuraenergy.com.
Whistleblowing Policy
The Group is committed to maintain an open working 
environment, honest communication is the expectation and not 
the exception. The Group has introduced a Whistleblowing 
helpline, accessible to employees and stakeholders at  
www.sapuraenergy.com. The Company's Whistleblowing Standard 
has been reviewed by its Executive Committee on 18 January 
2024. The revised Whistleblowing Standard is made available on 
the Company's website at www.sapuraenergy.com.
The BAC is supported by the Complaints Investigation Committee 
(“CIC”) in its review of whistleblowing complaints. The Board 
approved the new structure and composition of the CIC, along 
with its terms of reference, on 29 March 2023. This update 
considered new provisions that were not addressed in the 
previous CIC structure, ensuring that the committee is equipped 
to effectively fulfil its responsibilities.
Insider Trading
The Board, key management personnel and principal officers of 
the Group are prohibited from trading in securities or any other 
properties based on price-sensitive information and knowledge 
which have not been publicly announced.
A notice regarding closed periods for trading in the Company's 
shares is circulated in advance to the Board, key management 
personnel, and principal officers who may have access to price-
sensitive information.
Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy
The Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy was adopted by the Board to 
govern the  appointment of new Directors  and the re-election of 
Directors of the Group. The Directors’ Fit and Proper Policy is made 
available on the Company’s website at www.sapuraenergy.com.
BOARD COMPOSITION
Board Balance and Composition
The Board currently consists of 10 Directors, comprising one (1) 
Executive Director and nine (9) Non-Executive Directors. Among 
the Non-Executive Directors, five (5) are Independent Directors. 
The Board collectively comprises a balance of skills, experience 
and relevant knowledge to commensurate with the complexity, 
size, scope and operations of the Group. The composition of the 
Board also fairly reflects the investment of shareholders in the 
Company. The Board through the BNRC will continue to review 
the Board structure and composition from time to time to ensure 
alignment with the Group’s strategic direction and to commensurate 
with the complexity, scope and operations of the Group’s business 
operations. The profile of each Director is set out in the Directors’ 
Profile on pages 111 to 120 of this Annual Report.
The Company adheres to the MMLR in determining its Board 
composition. Pursuant to the MMLR, the Company must ensure 
that at least two (2) Directors or one third (1/3) of the Board, 
whichever is the higher, are Independent Directors. If the number 
of Directors of the Company is not three (3) or a multiple of three 
(3), then the nearest one-third (1/3) must be used. The current 
Board composition is in compliance with this requirement, 
maintaining the minimum one-third (1/3) ratio of Independent 
Directors on the Board.
Sapura Energy Berhad
102
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 105 ----
The Board Charter and MCCG stipulate that at least half of the 
board must consist of Independent Directors. Following the 
appointment of Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad, a nominee 
Director of Permodalan Nasional Berhad as a Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director with effect from 15 December 2023, and 
subsequently the resignation of Rohaizad Darus as a Non-
Independent Non-Executive Director with effect from 25 March 
2024, the Board composition is rebalanced and complies with the 
Board Charter and MCCG practice which require at least half of 
the Board to consist of Independent Directors.
In pursuing its gender diversity agenda, the Board is committed 
to appoint at least one (1) female Director on its Board by  
1 June 2023. The Company has appointed Wan Mashitah Wan 
Abdullah Sani as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 
26  May 2023 in adherence to the MMLR.
All Directors shall notify the Chairman of the Board of his 
acceptance of office as a Director of any other public company. 
Considerations such as time commitments and conflicts of 
interest that may arise should be considered.
Independent Director and its Tenure
The Board has a set of criteria in assessing the independence 
and performance of Directors. The BNRC annually reviews and 
assesses the level of independence of the Independent Directors 
in line with the MMLR. The BNRC will also consider the individual 
Director’s ability to exercise independent judgement and to 
demonstrate the values and principles associated with 
independence such as impartiality, objectivity and consideration 
of all stakeholders’ interests.
After serving for nine (9) years, an Independent Director may 
continue to serve on the Board as a Non-Independent Director. 
If the Board intends to retain the Independent Director beyond 
nine (9) years, the Board should provide justification and seek 
annual shareholders’ approval through a two-tier voting process.
Pursuant to the MMLR, an Independent Director shall exclude 
any Independent Director who has served in that capacity for a 
cumulative period of less than twelve (12) years and that all 
long-serving Independent Directors of more than twelve (12) 
years must resign or be re-designated as a Non-Independent 
Director.
As of the current date, none of the Independent Directors of the 
Company have served on the Board for a tenure of more than 
nine (9) years.
For the financial year under review, none of the five (5) 
Independent Directors have served the Board for more than nine 
(9) years and BNRC has assessed and concluded that all the 
Independent Directors continue to demonstrate, conduct and 
behave in a manner indicative of independence, and that each 
of them is independent of the Company’s management and free 
from any business or other relationship which could materially 
interfere with the exercise of independent judgement, objectivity 
or the ability to act in the best interest of the Company.
Diversity
Diversity in the Board’s composition is essential to facilitate good 
decision-making as this enables different insights and perspectives 
to be harnessed. This diversity criteria may include competencies, 
skills, knowledge, experience, ethnicity, gender, age and 
educational background. The Group’s Board Diversity Policy 
seeks to be inclusive and eradicate any form of discrimination, 
may it be on the basis of gender, age, ethnicity or other factors. 
The Board Diversity Policy is accessible on the Company’s official 
website at www.sapuraenergy.com.
In terms of diversity in skills, experience and competencies, the 
Board comprises qualified individuals with various professional 
backgrounds and expertise from the fields of oil and gas, 
engineering, finance, investment, insurance, information 
technology, accounting, management, economics, business and 
public administration, all of whom bring in-depth and diverse 
experiences, expertise and perspectives to the Group’s operations 
to ultimately enhance shareholders’ value for the long-term. 
During the financial year under review, the Board has appointed 
three (3) new Board members namely Datuk Nur Iskandar  
A Samad (appointed on 26 May 2023), Wan Mashitah Wan 
Abdullah Sani (appointed on 26 May 2023) and Shahin Farouque 
Jammal Ahmad (appointed on 15 December 2023) with expertise 
and experience in operational or financial turnaround and oil and 
gas business.
During the FY2024, the BNRC conducted a comprehensive 
review of the Board members' competency matrix to assess their 
skills and experience levels across three (3) key categories: 
Competent, Practice and Awareness.
Board Appointment Process
The appointment of Directors to the Board is subject to a formal, 
rigorous and transparent process. During nomination of new 
candidates for Board membership, the Board through BNRC will 
take into consideration the criteria, amongst others, the 
candidate’s qualifications, functional knowledge, relevant 
experience, and expertise, including but not limited to, financial 
and accounting literacy and the relevant business experience 
with respect to the Group’s core business activities with the view 
to complement and support the existing Board’s composition.
Annual Report 2024
103
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 106 ----
The Board, through the BNRC, is tasked with identifying candidates possessing the requisite skills and experiences to enhance and 
bolster the current Board composition in alignment with the Company's strategic direction and principles of good governance. The 
BNRC will thoroughly evaluate all shortlisted candidates, employing a rigorous assessment process that includes a review of their skills 
competency matrix (pertaining to skills and experience) and an independence test for prospective Independent Directors. During the 
financial year under review, the Board appointed three (3) new members: Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad (appointed on 26 May 2023), 
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani (appointed on 26 May 2023), and Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad (appointed on 15  December 
2023).
The Company employs a diverse array of sources to identify potential Board candidates, including the use of independent sources. 
The BNRC, or a representative thereof, conducts interaction sessions with potential candidates to assess their alignment with the 
Company’s values and to review their overall suitability before recommending them for approval for appointment to the Board.
The table below illustrates the procedures for the appointment of a new Board member:
Sourcing and Identification of CandidateSTEP 1
Assessment and Evaluation by BNRCSTEP 2
BNRC Interaction with CandidateSTEP 3
Recommendation by BNRC for Board’s ConsiderationSTEP 4
Discussion and Decision by the BoardSTEP 5
Sapura Energy Berhad
104
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 107 ----
Board Effectiveness Assessment
The Board, the Board Committees, and each Director undergo 
an annual evaluation and assessment process through a self and 
peer assessment. Each Director completes the assessment, which 
is then reviewed by the BNRC.
The annual assessment encompasses a thorough review of 
several key areas, including:
1) Board’s Competency Matrix: Evaluating the skills and 
experiences of Board members.
2) Director’s Level of Independence: Assessing the 
independence of each Director.
3) Board Mix and Composition:  Ensuring an optimal mix of 
skills and backgrounds on the Board.
4) Quality of Information and Decision-Making: Assessing the 
quality of information provided to the Board and the 
effectiveness of decision-making processes.
5) Board Chairman’s Role and Responsibilities: Evaluating the 
effectiveness of the Chairman in leading the Board.
6) Board’s Relationship with the Management and Board 
Activities: Assessing the relationship between the Board and 
management, as well as the overall activities of the Board.
7) ESG issues:  Considering the Board's approach to ESG 
matters and its impact on the Company's operations and 
stakeholders.
The assessments for FY2024 confirmed that the Board maintains 
a balanced composition and operates efficiently, benefiting from 
a blend of Independent and Non-Independent Directors. The 
Board, the Board Committees, and individual Directors 
demonstrated effective discharge of their respective functions 
and responsibilities.
The BNRC is satisfied with the results of the assessment whereby 
all the Independent Directors fulfilled the criteria of “Independence” 
as prescribed under the MMLR and is of the view that all 
Independent Directors are independent of management and free 
of any interest, position, association or other relationship that 
might materially influence the Independent Director’s capacity to 
bring an independent judgement and to act in the best interest 
of the Group and its stakeholders.
Re-election
The BNRC is also responsible for recommending Directors for 
re-election at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). In accordance 
with the Constitution of the Company, all newly appointed 
Directors are subject to re-election by the shareholders at the 
first AGM following their appointments. Additionally, at least one-
third (1/3) of the Directors for the time being, or if their number 
is not three (3) or a multiple of three (3), then the number 
nearest to one-third (1/3), shall be subject to retirement by 
rotation at least once every three (3) years, and shall be eligible 
for re-election. The retiring Directors would be those who have 
been longest in office since their last election. This provides 
shareholders the opportunity to evaluate the performance of the 
Directors and promote effective Board members.
Directors subject to retirement by rotation pursuant to the 
Constitution are initially considered by the BNRC, taking into 
consideration their required mix of skills, competencies, 
experience and other qualities required before they are 
recommended for re-election by shareholders.
Board Remuneration Policies and Procedures
Non-Executive Directors
The Directors’ remuneration is set at a competitive level to 
attract and retain high-calibre individuals with the skills and 
experience necessary for effective management and operations. 
Non-Executive Directors with extra responsibilities, such as 
chairing Board Committees or serving as Board Committee 
members receive additional fees. This approach ensures that 
Directors’ remuneration aligns with their contributions to the 
Group’s success.
The remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors, which is 
subject to the approval of the shareholders at the AGMs, is 
recommended by BNRC to the Board as a whole to ensure that 
it is aligned to the market and to the Directors’ duties and 
responsibilities.
Executive Director
The Board, acting through the BNRC, conducts an annual 
performance review of the Executive Director. This review serves 
as the basis for determining the Executive Director's annual 
remuneration, bonus, and other benefits. The BNRC assesses the 
Executive Director's performance against pre-approved objectives 
and KPIs set by the Board. This approach ensures that the 
Executive Director's remuneration is directly linked to his 
performance.
The basic salary of the Executive Director remains fixed for the 
duration of his contract. Any proposed revision to the basic 
salary is reviewed and recommended by the BNRC for approval 
by the Board. This review considers factors such as individual 
performance, inflation price index, and information from 
independent sources on salary rates for similar positions in other 
comparable companies within the industry. The Executive 
Director is not entitled to Directors’ fees.
Annual Report 2024
105
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 108 ----
Details of the Directors’ remuneration (both Executive and Non-Executive) for FY2024 are as follows:
Group
Company Subsidiary
Salaries
RM’000
Other 
Emoluments
RM’000
Fees
RM’000
Bonus
RM’000
Defined 
contribution 
plan
RM’000
Benefits-
in-kind
RM’000
Meeting 
Allowance
RM’000
Fees
RM’000
Total
RM’000
Executive Director
Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib 1,948 0 0 288 269 26 0 0 2,531
Non-Executive Directors
Dato’ Mohammad Azlan 
Abdullah
0 40 291 0 0 5 30 0 366
Dato’ Shahriman 
Shamsuddin
0 0 145 0 0 0 28 0 173
Datuk Ramlan Abdul 
Rashid
0 0 170 0 0 0 42 0 212
Lim Tiang Siew 0 24 238 0 0 0 58 0 320
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali 0 0 233 0 0 0 56 0 289
Lim Fu Yen 1 0 128 175 0 0 0 48 0 351
Rohaizad Darus2 0 0 204 0 0 0 58 0 262
Datuk Nur Iskandar A 
Samad3
0 0 140 0 0 0 26 0 166
Wan Mashitah Wan 
Abdullah Sani4 
0 0 129 0 0 0 26 0 155
Shahin Farouque Jammal 
Ahmad5 
0 0 26 0 0 0 0 0 26
Datuk Muhamad Noor 
Hamid6 
0 0 125 0 0 0 46 0 171
Cosimo Borrelli7 – – – – – – – – –
Total 1,948 192 1,876 288 269 31 418 0 5,022
Notes:
1) Redesignated as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 11 March 2023 following his appointment as Court Appointed Director. Resigned as member of 
BRMC on 24 May 2023 and BNRC on 15 December 2023.
2) Resigned as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 25 March 2024 and following his resignation, ceased as member of BAC and BRMC on 25 March 
2024.
3) Appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director on 26 May 2023 and Chairman of BRMC and member of BNRC on 26 July 2023.
4) Appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director on 26 May 2023 and member of BAC and BRMC on 26 July 2023.
5) Appointed as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 15 December 2023 and member of BAC and BNRC on 15 December 2023.
6) Retired as Independent Non-Executive Director on 26 July 2023 and following his retirement, ceased as Chairman of BRMC and member of BAC and BNRC 
respectively on 26 July 2023.
7) Ceased to be Non-Independent Non-Executive Director (Court Appointed Director) on 10 March 2023.
Due to confidentiality and sensitivity of personal information, the remuneration of the top five (5) Senior Management’s remuneration 
on a named basis is not disclosed herein.
Long-Term Incentive Programme (“LTIP”) scheme
No LTIP shares were granted for FY2024 and no amount vested to a Director during the period under review.
Sapura Energy Berhad
106
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 109 ----
External Auditors
The external auditors, Ernst & Young PLT, report to the BAC their 
findings each year. In doing so, the Group has established a 
transparent arrangement to meet the professional requirements 
by the auditors. The BAC also reviews the results of the annual 
audit, the audit report and management letters, including 
Management’s responses thereon with the auditors. During the 
financial year under review, four (4) private sessions were held 
between the auditors and the BAC, in the absence of the 
Management team and the GCEO.
In safeguarding and supporting the external auditors’ 
independence and objectivity, the BAC had formalised the 
External Auditors Independence Policy for non-audit services. 
The performance, suitability and independence of external 
auditors are annually reviewed and monitored by the BAC. The 
BAC has a set of criteria in assessing the suitability and 
independence of the external auditors. A written assurance from 
the external auditors is also sought in confirming that they are, 
and have been, independent throughout the conduct of the audit 
engagement in accordance with the terms of all relevant 
professional and regulatory requirements.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL 
FRAMEWORK
The details of the Risk Management and Internal Control 
Framework are set out in the Statement on Risk Management 
and Internal Control on pages 126 to 129 of this Annual Report.
EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT
Effectiveness of Audit Committee
The Board is assisted by the BAC in reviewing the information 
on annual audited financial statements and announcements on 
unaudited quarterly financial results to be disclosed to 
shareholders. This ensures the accuracy, adequacy, and 
completeness of the information thereof as well as compliance 
with the applicable financial reporting standards. The BAC also 
supports the Board in its responsibility to oversee the effectiveness 
of the internal control systems of the Group.
The Board takes responsibility for presenting balanced and 
meaningful assessments of the financial performance and 
prospects of the Group. The financial statements are drawn up 
in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2016 
and the applicable approved Financial Reporting Standards in 
Malaysia which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the 
Company and the Group.
The Board through the BNRC, evaluated the performance and 
terms of office of BAC and each of its members annually to 
ensure it functions effectively. The Board is satisfied that the BAC 
and members have effectively and efficiently discharged their 
duties.
Group Internal Audit
The internal audit function is carried out by the in-house Group 
Internal Audit (“GIA”) and is independent of the activities it audits. 
It functionally reports to the BAC, and the GIA has the principal 
responsibility for undertaking a regular and systematic review of 
the systems and internal controls so as to provide reasonable 
assurance that such systems continue to operate satisfactorily 
and effectively within the Group.
The internal audit function of the Company is premised on the 
requirements of an independent and objective function. The 
GIA’s direct reporting line to the BAC enables it to be independent 
of Management so as to exercise objectivity.
The Group Chief Internal Auditor meets with the BAC at least 
once a year for a private session without the presence of the 
Management team and the GCEO.
Both GIA and the external auditors provide integral support to 
the BAC by acting as a sounding board.
PRINCIPLE
Annual Report 2024
107
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 110 ----
INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND 
MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Communication, Interaction and Relationship with 
Stakeholders
The Board recognises the importance of an effective 
communication channel between the Board, stakeholders, 
institutional investors and the investing public at large, both 
locally and internationally, with the objective of providing as 
much as possible a clear and complete picture of the Group’s 
performance and position. The Company’s Annual Report 
remains the primary channel of communication with the 
stakeholders.
In this respect, the Group is fully committed to maintain a high 
standard for the dissemination of relevant and material information 
relating to developments within the Group.
Evaluation of the timeliness, accuracy and quality of the 
information to be disclosed is guided by the Corporate Disclosure 
Guide issued by Bursa Securities and the Company’s Corporate 
Disclosure Policy.
Analyst and Media Updates on Quarterly Results
The Company provides analysts and the media with press 
releases and information packs regarding its quarterly results. 
These updates provide a platform for analysts and media to 
receive a balanced and complete view of the Group’s performance 
and the issues faced. The Company will also directly engage with 
analysts and members of the media who indicate that they 
require further information.
Investor Meetings
The Investor Relations team of the Company meets with analysts, 
investors and potential investors throughout the year to provide 
constant communication with the investment community. 
Reasonable access to the Senior Management ensures analysts and 
investors are able to engage with key executives within the Group. 
Dissemination of information during the briefings is confined to 
permissible disclosure within the MMLR that will further enhance 
the understanding of the Group’s operations and activities.
Corporate Website
The corporate website of Sapura Energy at www.sapuraenergy.com 
provides quick access to information on the Group. Information 
on the website includes amongst others, the Group’s corporate 
profile, Directors’ profiles, announcements to Bursa Securities, 
press releases, share information, financial results, TOR of Board 
Committees and corporate news. The Company’s website is 
regularly updated to provide current and comprehensive 
information about the Group.
Annual Report
The Company’s Annual Report provides comprehensive coverage 
of the Group’s operations and financial performance. An online 
version of the Annual Report is available on the Company’s 
website.
Media Coverage
Media coverage of the Group and its business activities is 
initiated proactively at regular intervals to provide wider publicity 
and to improve the general understanding of the Group’s 
business among investors and the public.
Conduct of General Meetings
General meetings are the principal platform gathering of 
shareholders and the Board of Directors of a company. During 
general meetings, the questions-and-answers session is open to 
all shareholders who participate. The Board, Senior Management 
of the Group, as well as the Group’s external auditors are present 
to respond to issues raised during general meetings.
The Company  has leveraged  on  technology to facilitate remote 
shareholders’ participation and remote voting at the general 
meetings via remote participation and electronic voting facilities. 
Notice of general meeting is issued to all shareholders before 
the meeting to provide sufficient time for shareholders to 
consider the resolutions that will be discussed and decided at 
the general meeting.
A comprehensive Administrative Notes accompanying the AGM 
Notice is also issued to ensure shareholders are able to 
participate, engage the Board and Senior Management effectively 
and make informed voting decisions at general meetings. All the 
resolutions set out in the Notice of the AGM were put to vote 
by way of poll voting. The poll results were confirmed and 
verified by an independent scrutineer appointed by the Company. 
Minutes of AGM are published on the Company’s website within 
thirty (30) days after the meeting.
This Corporate Governance Overview Statement is made in 
accordance with the resolution of the Board of Directors duly 
passed on 30 May 2024.
PRINCIPLE
Sapura Energy Berhad
108
Group Overview
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 111 ----
BOARD AUDIT 
COMMITTEE
GROUP CHIEF  
INTERNAL AUDITOR
GROUP COMPANY
SECRETARY
BOARD NOMINATION 
AND REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
BOARD RISK 
MANAGEMENT 
COMMITTEE
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Chief Executive 
Officer,
Engineering &
Construction
Chief People Officer,
People & Culture
Chief Executive Officer,
Operations &
Maintenance, 
Senior Vice President, 
Group QHSE
Chief Executive Officer,
SapuraOMV Upstream
Group Chief Counsel,
Group Legal &
Governance
Chief Strategy & 
Transformation Officer, 
Group Strategy & 
Transformation
Chief Executive
Officer, 
Drilling
Group Chief
Financial Officer
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Annual Report 2024
109
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
GROUP ORGANISATION STRUCTURE

---- Page 112 ----
BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE
Lim Tiang Siew  
Chairman 
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali  
Member 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani  
Member 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad  
Member 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
BOARD NOMINATION AND 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali  
Chairman 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid  
Member 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad  
Member 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad  
Member 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
BOARD RISK MANAGEMENT 
COMMITTEE
Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad  
Chairman 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Lim Tiang Siew  
Member 
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani  
Member 
Independent Non-Executive Director
COMPANY SECRETARIES
Tai Yit Chan
(SSM Practising Certificate No. 
202008001023)
(MAICSA 7009143)
Choong Siew Mun
(SSM Practising Certificate No. 
202008001881)
(MAICSA 7068632)
AUDITORS
Ernst & Young PLT
202006000003 (LLP0022760-LCA) & AF 0039
Chartered Accountants
Level 23A, Menara Milenium
Jalan Damanlela, Pusat Bandar Damansara
50490 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Tel: +603-7495 8000
Fax: +603-2095 9076/78
SHARE REGISTRAR
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd
11th Floor, Menara Symphony
No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim
Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
Tel: +603-7890 4700
Fax: +603-7890 4670
Website: www.boardroomlimited.com
REGISTERED OFFICE
Sapura@Mines
No. 7, Jalan Tasik
The Mines Resort City
43300 Seri Kembangan
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
Tel: +603-8659 8800
Fax: +603-8659 8873
 Dato’ Mohammad Azlan Abdullah  
Chairman 
Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director
 Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib  
Group Chief Executive Officer  
Non-Independent Executive Director
 Dato’ Shahriman Shamsuddin 
Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director
 Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid  
Independent Non-Executive Director
 Lim Tiang Siew  
Senior Independent 
Non-Executive Director
 Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali  
Independent Non-Executive Director
 Lim Fu Yen  
Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director
 Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad  
Independent Non-Executive Director
 Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani  
Independent Non-Executive Director
 Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad  
Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad
Stock Name: SAPNRG
Stock Code: 5218
Listing Date: 17 May 2012
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
• AmBank (M) Berhad/  
AmBank Islamic Berhad
• CIMB Bank Berhad/  
CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad
• Export-Import Bank of Malaysia Berhad
• ING Bank N.V.
• Maybank Islamic Berhad 
• RHB Islamic Bank Berhad
• Standard Chartered Bank
• Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
• United Overseas Bank Limited
COMPANY WEBSITE
www.sapuraenergy.com
Sapura Energy Berhad
110
Group Overview
CORPORATE INFORMATION

---- Page 113 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 12/12
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
• Presently the Deputy President for CPA Australia 
Malaysia Division (2021 – Current).
• Presently the Trustee of Yayasan Bina Makmur (2021 
– Current).
• Presently the Industry Advisory Panel for Universiti 
Tenaga Nasional (UNITEN) (2020 – Current).
• Presently the Group Chief Executive Officer of Projek 
Lintasan Kota Holdings Sdn Bhd (PROLINTAS) Group of 
Companies (2017 – Current).
• Board of Director of Universiti Teknikal Malaysia Melaka 
(UTeM) (2020 – 2023).
• Chairman of UTeM Holdings Sdn Bhd (2020 – 2022).
• Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of The New Straits 
Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad (“NSTP”) (2012 – 2017).
• Chief Operating Officer of NSTP (2011).
• General Manager and CEO of Big Tree Outdoor Sdn. 
Bhd., the Malaysia’s leading outdoor advertising 
company (2001 – 2011).
• Senior Manager, President’s Office of Renong Group 
(Property Division) (1999 – 2001). 
• Involved in the pre and post construction of the 
development of the North-South Expressway 
privatisation project under Projek Lebuhraya Utara 
Selatan Bhd (PLUS) (1992 – 1999). 
• Started his career with Coopers and Lybrand, a public 
accounting firm (1991 – 1992). 
• Attended the Linkage Global Institute for Leadership 
Development Singapore (2018).
• Attended the Asean Senior Management Development 
Program by Harvard Business School Alumni Club 
Malaysia (2009).
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor of Business Degree, Accountancy, University 
of Tasmania, Australia.
• Fellow of the Certified Practising Accountant (CPA) 
Australia.
• Chartered Accountant, Malaysia Institute of Accountants 
(MIA).
• Fellow of the Institute of Corporate Directors Malaysia 
(ICDM).
DECLARATIONS:
• Dato’ Mohammad Azlan has no family relationship with 
any Director and/or major shareholder of Sapura 
Energy Berhad.
• Nominee Director of Permodalan Nasional Berhad.
• Dato’ Mohammad Azlan has no conflict of interest with 
Sapura Energy Berhad.
• Dato’ Mohammad Azlan has neither been convicted of 
any offence, other than traffic offences (if any), within 
the past five years nor has he been imposed any public 
sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
DATO’ MOHAMMAD AZLAN ABDULLAH
Chairman, Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
56
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
1 October 2019
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director)
7 May 2022
(Chairman of the Board of Directors)
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Nil
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• Nil
Annual Report 2024
111
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
PROFILE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 114 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 11/12
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
• Executive Vice President Upstream PETRONAS (2016 
– 2019).
• Non-Executive Chairman of PETRONAS Gas Berhad 
(2016 – 2019).
• Chief Executive Officer of PETRONAS Carigali Sdn Bhd 
(2012 – 2016).
• Vice President of Development and Production of 
PETRONAS (2012 – 2016).
• Non-Executive Chairman of Shell Refining Company 
(FOM) Berhad (2010 – 2012).
• Held various key positions at Shell with accountabilities 
in technical, finance, supply chain and procurement, 
commercial and leadership roles in exploration and 
production, LNG and gas-to-liquid, refining and retail 
business, in Malaysia, the US and the Asia-Pacific region 
(1990 – 2010).
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Master of Business Administration, International 
Management, RMIT University, Melbourne, Australia.
• Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering, Case 
Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio, United 
State of America.
DECLARATIONS:
• Datuk Mohd Anuar has no family relationship with any 
Director and/or major shareholder of Sapura Energy 
Berhad.
• Datuk Mohd Anuar has no conflict of interest with 
Sapura Energy Berhad.
• Datuk Mohd Anuar has neither been convicted of any 
offence, other than traffic offences (if any), within the 
past five years nor has he been imposed any public 
sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
DATUK MOHD ANUAR TAIB
Non-Independent Executive Director
56
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
27 August 2020 – 1 October 2020
(Independent Non-Executive Director)
1 October 2020 – 22 March 2021
(Chief Operating Officer and CEO Designate)
23 March 2021
(Group Chief Executive Officer)
1 May 2021
(Executive Director)
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Nil
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• Sunway Berhad (Non-Executive Independent Director)
Sapura Energy Berhad
112
Group Overview
PROFILE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 115 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 12/12
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
• Director of Sapura Technology Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura 
Holdings Sdn. Bhd.
• Director of SapuraCrest Petroleum prior to the merger 
between SapuraCrest Petroleum Group and Kencana 
Petroleum Group (2008 – 2012).
• Started his career with Sapura Group since 1991 and 
has held several key senior positions within the Group. 
He manages a diversified portfolio which includes 
aviation and property investment.
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Master of Science in Engineering Business Management 
from Warwick University, United Kingdom.
• Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology from 
Purdue University, United States of America.
DECLARATIONS:
• Dato’ Shahriman is the brother of Tan Sri Dato’ Seri 
Shahril Shamsuddin and they are also the major 
shareholders of Sapura Energy Berhad.
• Dato’ Shahriman has no conflict of interest with Sapura 
Energy Berhad.
• Dato’ Shahriman has neither been convicted of any 
offence, other than traffic offences (if any), within the 
past five years nor has he been imposed any public 
sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
DATO’ SHAHRIMAN SHAMSUDDIN
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
55
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
9 December 2011
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Nil
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• Managing Director, Sapura Resources Berhad
Annual Report 2024
113
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 116 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 12/12
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
• Director of NCB Holdings Berhad (2015 – 2016).
• Group Chief Operating Officer of MNRB Holdings 
Berhad (“MNRB”) (2011 – 2014).
• Deputy Chief Executive Officer/Executive Vice President 
of MNRB Retakaful (2010 – 2011).
• Director of the Malaysian Insurance Institute and 
Malaysian Life Reinsurance Group Berhad (2006 – 
2007).
• Chief Executive Officer/Executive Director of Malaysian 
Assurance Alliance Berhad (“MAA”) (now known as 
Zurich Insurance Malaysia) (2002 – 2007).
• Held various key positions in MAA (1985 – 2002).
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Master of Arts in Actuarial Science, Ball State University, 
Indiana, United States of America.
• Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Mathematics, Universiti 
Sains Malaysia.
• Qualified Risk Director Program, Institute of Enterprise 
Risk Practitioners (IERP).
• Global Leadership Development Program, International 
Centre for Leadership in Finance (IClif).
DECLARATIONS:
• Datuk Ramlan has no family relationship with any 
Director and/or major shareholder of Sapura Energy 
Berhad.
• Datuk Ramlan has no conflict of interest with Sapura 
Energy Berhad.
• Datuk Ramlan has neither been convicted of any 
offence, other than traffic offences (if any), within the 
past five years nor has he been imposed any public 
sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
DATUK RAMLAN ABDUL RASHID
Independent Non-Executive Director
65
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
23 September 2016
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Member, Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• Nil
Sapura Energy Berhad
114
Group Overview
PROFILE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 117 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 12/12
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
• Retired as the Group Chief Internal Auditor of CIMB 
Group, after serving 27 years in CIMB (1991 – 2018).
• Member of CIMB’s top management team, and a 
member of all its major risk committees (2006 – 2018).
• Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of 
Compliance & Risk Management Committee of MSIG 
Insurance (Malaysia) Berhad (2019 – present).
• Chairman of Risk Committee and member of Audit 
Committee and Nominations & Remuneration 
Committee of HSBC Amanah Malaysia Berhad (2023 
– present).
• An examiner for the Malaysian Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants professional examinations in respect 
of a particular subject before being appointed as a 
reviewer for the same subject (1990 – present).
• Has more than 40 years of experience covering internal 
and external auditing, accounting, corporate finance 
and advisory, corporate governance and compliance.
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Member, Malaysian Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants.
• Chartered Accountant, Malaysian Institute of 
Accountants.
DECLARATIONS:
• Lim Tiang Siew has no family relationship with any 
Director and/or major shareholder of Sapura Energy 
Berhad.
• Lim Tiang Siew has no conflict of interest with Sapura 
Energy Berhad.
• Lim Tiang Siew has neither been convicted of any 
offence, other than traffic offences (if any), within the 
past five years nor has he been imposed any public 
sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
LIM TIANG SIEW
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
68
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
3 June 2020
(Independent Non-Executive Director)
31 May 2022
(Senior Independent Non-Executive Director)
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Chairman, Board Audit Committee
• Member, Board Risk Management Committee
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• MSIG Insurance (Malaysia) Berhad
• HSBC Amanah Malaysia Berhad
Annual Report 2024
115
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 118 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 12/12
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
• Dato’ Azmi is the Senior Partner of Azmi & Associates, 
a full service corporate and commercial law firm of 
around 95 lawyers, based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 
The firm, Azmi & Associates under his leadership is 
recognised as one of the largest law firms (by size) in 
Malaysia.
• He is an experienced and is one of the leading 
corporate lawyers in Malaysia with expertise in the 
areas of mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, cross-
border transactions, project finance, privatisation, 
energy, oil and gas and foreign investments.
• Prior to his endeavour in private practice, Dato’ Azmi 
had spent 6 1/2 years as an in-house counsel of 
PETRONAS. He was involved in projects of national 
importance for Malaysia and negotiated and concluded 
the NGPSA, a major gas development project for 
Malaysia, in 1990. His accomplishments as a corporate 
lawyer are well noted and have earned him numerous 
awards, accolades and recognitions from reputed 
international legal publications. He won the prestigious 
Legal 500 Hall of Fame for M&A/Corporate for four 
consecutive years, 2020-2024, Distinguished M&A 
Practitioner for AsiaLaw 2020, International Law Office 
2016 Clients Choice Award for Malaysia in Mergers & 
Acquisitions, and other international publications.
• Currently, he serves as a Director of Terralex, a Florida-
based world-wide network of 155 law firms with 20,000 
lawyers within its member firms spanning across 100 
jurisdictions world-wide.
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Master of Laws (LLM) in the United States of America 
& Global Business Law, University of Suffolk, Boston 
Massachusetts, United States of America.
• Bachelor of Law LLB (Hons), Universiti Malaya.
DECLARATIONS:
• Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali has no family relationship with any 
Director and/or major shareholder of Sapura Energy 
Berhad.
• Dato’ Azmi has no other conflict of interest with Sapura 
Energy Berhad.
• Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali has neither been convicted of any 
offence, other than traffic offences (if any), within the 
past five years nor has he been imposed any public 
sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
DATO’ AZMI MOHD ALI
Independent Non-Executive Director
64
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
1 October 2020
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Chairman, Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee
• Member, Board Audit Committee
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• Director, S P Setia Berhad
• Director, Worldwide Holdings Berhad
• Director, Pelaburan Hartanah Berhad
Sapura Energy Berhad
116
Group Overview
PROFILE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 119 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 12/12
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
• Lim Fu Yen was attached to Ekuiti Nasional Berhad 
(“Ekuinas”) from April 2014 to July 2020. His extensive 
experience in private equity covered investment, 
business management, financial restructuring, and 
operational turnaround. His last position was Senior 
Director of Investment at Ekuinas.
• He was the Chief Subsidiary Management Officer 
(“CSMO”) of Tenaga Nasional Berhad ("TNB") from 
August 2020 to August 2021. As CSMO, he oversaw the 
management and improvement of 12 TNB subsidiaries 
across 4 sectors; including Manufacturing, Engineering 
Services, Power, and Telco.
• Lim Fu Yen is currently the Independent Non-Executive 
Chairman of Malaysian Transformer Manufacturing  
(a wholly-owned TNB subsidiary) and the Independent 
Non-Executive Director of Malay-Sino Chemical 
Industries (majority-owned Batu Kawan Berhad 
subsidiary).
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Certified Fraud Examiner, Association of Certified Fraud 
Examiners.
• Master of Business Administration from Stanford 
University’s Graduate School of Business in California, 
United States of America.
• Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Engineering Science and 
Honours Economics from Dartmouth College in New 
Hampshire, United States of America.
DECLARATIONS:
• Lim Fu Yen has no family relationship with any Director 
and/or major shareholder of Sapura Energy Berhad.
• Lim Fu Yen has no conflict of interest with Sapura 
Energy Berhad.
• Lim Fu Yen has neither been convicted of any offence, 
other than traffic offences (if any), within the past five 
years nor has he been imposed any public sanction or 
penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies during the 
financial year ended 31 January 2024.
LIM FU YEN
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
44
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
1 June 2022
(Independent Non-Executive Director)
11 March 2023
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director)
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Nil
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• Nil
Annual Report 2024
117
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 120 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 8/8
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
• Datuk Nur Iskandar carries with him 41 years of 
experience in the downstream oil, gas and petrochemical 
industry; holding many senior leadership positions in 
PETRONAS (Petroliam Nasional Berhad), Malaysia's 
national oil company and Malaysia's only Fortune 500 
organisation. His main skill sets are project management 
and business operation of manufacturing facilities.
• Datuk Nur Iskandar started his career in 1980 with 
PETRONAS as a Trainee Engineer and grew to become 
a Process Engineer. In 1987, he moved to Malaysia LNG 
Sdn Bhd as Head of Terminal (Operations) until 1989. 
In 1989, he joined Polypropylene Malaysia Sdn Bhd until 
1997. In 1997, he was transferred to MTBE Malaysia Sdn 
Bhd as Project Director where he served until 2001 
before being transferred to PETRONAS Gas Berhad as 
General Manager of Plant Operations Division. He held 
several Senior Managerial positions during his tenure 
with PETRONAS from 2001 to 2012 which included 
being Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of PETRONAS 
Fertilizer (Kedah) Sdn Bhd, Senior General Manager of 
PETRONAS Human Resource Management (Leadership 
& Capabilities Development), Managing Director/CEO 
of PETRONAS Penapisan Melaka Sdn Bhd & Malaysia 
Refining Company.
• Datuk Nur Iskandar was the Project Director 
(Petrochemical) of Pengerang Integrated Complex (PIC) 
in Johor, Malaysia for the period from 2012-2021. He 
was responsible in taking the lead in the execution of 
six grass root petrochemical project packages at an 
estimated value of USD2 billion.
• Datuk Nur Iskandar was a member of Industry Advisory 
Council of Universiti Sains Malaysia and Universiti 
Teknologi PETRONAS. He was also on the Board 
Directors of several PETRONAS's subsidiaries previously. 
• Datuk Nur Iskandar is currently a member of Board of 
Trustees of Islamic Relief Malaysia, a humanitarian 
organisation.
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• BSc (Hons) Chemical Engineering, University of Leeds, 
United Kingdom.
DECLARATIONS:
• Datuk Nur Iskandar has no family relationship with any 
Director and/or major shareholder of Sapura Energy 
Berhad.
• Datuk Nur Iskandar has no conflict of interest with 
Sapura Energy Berhad.
• Datuk Nur Iskandar has neither been convicted of any 
offence, other than traffic offences (if any), within the 
past five years nor has he been imposed any public 
sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
DATUK NUR ISKANDAR A SAMAD
Independent Non-Executive Director
66
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
26 May 2023
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Chairman, Board Risk Management Committee
• Member, Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• Nil
Sapura Energy Berhad
118
Group Overview
PROFILE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 121 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 8/8
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
•  Wan Mashitah has over 29 years' experience 
encompassing finance, strategic planning, project 
costing and supply chain management with the last 
position as Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer of Malaysia Marine and Heavy Engineering 
Holdings Berhad (“MHB”) with market capitalisation of 
over RM1 billion.
• Wan Mashitah is an accountant by profession. She 
started her career in 1992 as Audit Assistant with Grant 
Thornton Malaysia and rose to the rank of Audit 
Principal. She left for MISC Berhad in 2002 and had 
served various capacities as the General Manager, 
Finance before being seconded to Malaysia Marine and 
Heavy Engineering Sdn Bhd and was subsequently 
appointed as Chief Financial Officer of MHB on 30 June 
2010.
• Wan Mashitah took up the position as Acting Chief 
Executive Officer of MHB in May 2016 and assumed 
the position of Managing Director & Chief Executive 
Officer in 2017 and served until 2020.
• Wan Mashitah was the Chief Executive Officer of E&P 
Operations and Maintenance Services Sdn Bhd (EPOMS) 
from 31 March 2022 to 30 September 2022. During this 
6-month position, she helped to transit the company 
from a wholly-owned subsidiary of PETRONAS to a 
privately owned company.
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Fellow of the Chartered Association of Certified 
Accountants, United Kingdom and a member of the 
Malaysian Institute of Accountants.
DECLARATIONS:
• Wan Mashitah has no family relationship with any 
Director and/or major shareholder of Sapura Energy 
Berhad.
• Wan Mashitah has no conflict of interest with Sapura 
Energy Berhad.
• Wan Mashitah has neither been convicted of any 
offence, other than traffic offences (if any), within the 
past five years nor has she been imposed any public 
sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
WAN MASHITAH WAN ABDULLAH SANI
Independent Non-Executive Director
57
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
26 May 2023
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Member, Board Audit Committee
• Member, Board Risk Management Committee
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• Nil
Annual Report 2024
119
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 122 ----
Board Meeting attendance in FY2024 1/1
EXPERIENCE/ACHIEVEMENT AND OCCUPATION:
• Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad is currently the Group 
Head, Strategic Investments of Permodalan Nasional 
Berhad (“PNB”). He has over 20 years of investment 
banking experience.
• Previously, Shahin Farouque was an Executive Director 
in the Investment Division of Khazanah Nasional Berhad 
(“Khazanah”). He sat on the boards of various creative 
and media companies within the Khazanah portfolio 
companies. Prior to joining Khazanah in 2016, he worked 
with various commercial and investment banks in both 
domestic and regional roles.
ACADEMIC/PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
• Bachelor of Science in Economics (Accounting & 
Finance), London School of Economics and Political 
Science, University of London.
DECLARATIONS:
• Shahin Farouque has no family relationship with any 
Director and/or major shareholder of Sapura Energy 
Berhad.
• Shahin Farouque is the representative of PNB.
• Shahin Farouque has neither been convicted of any 
offence, other than traffic offences (if any), within the 
past five years nor has he been imposed any public 
sanction or penalty by the relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31  January 2024.
SHAHIN FAROUQUE JAMMAL AHMAD
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
51
DATE OF APPOINTMENT
15 December 2023
BOARD COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS:
• Member, Board Audit Committee 
• Member, Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee
DIRECTORSHIP IN OTHER PUBLIC COMPANIES AND LISTED 
ISSUERS:
• Axiata Group Berhad
Sapura Energy Berhad
120
Group Overview
PROFILE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 123 ----
56
Date of Appointment:
1 October 2020
Directorship in other Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Independent Non-Executive Director, Sunway Berhad
Experience/Achievement and Occupation:
Datuk Anuar, the Group Chief Executive Officer of Sapura Energy Berhad since March 2021, joined the Group as a non-executive 
board member in August 2020, and in October 2020 redesignated as Group Chief Operating Officer.
Datuk Anuar has more than 30 years of experience in the oil and gas industry with Shell, PETRONAS, and Sapura Energy Berhad in 
various technical, commercial, and leadership positions covering upstream regulatory functions, exploration and production, refinery, 
gas, and LNG, downstream marketing commercial functions, and integrated service company with national, regional and global 
coverage.
Academic/Professional Qualifications:
• MBA, International Management, RMIT University, Melbourne, Australia
• BSc, Engineering (Mechanical), Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio
DATUK MOHD ANUAR TAIB
Group Chief Executive Officer
Annual Report 2024
121
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE PROFILES

---- Page 124 ----
56
STEPHANE THIERRY PROSPER DENOUN
Chief Executive Officer, Engineering & Construction
Date of Appointment:
1 March 2024
Directorship in other Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
Stephane Denoun joined Sapura Energy on 18 September 2023 
as Chief Operating Officer, E&C and redesignated as Chief 
Executive Officer, E&C on 1 March 2024.
Stephane comes with more than 30 years of experience in the 
oil & gas industry mostly gained with Contractors. Stephane 
started his career with Bouygues Offshore in 1991, then worked 
for Stolt Comex Seaway, Technip, MMHE, McDermott and held 
various positions ranging from cost estimator, to project 
manager, project director, managing director, VP Subsea Asia 
and Global VP Commercial Subsea and Floating Facilities prior 
to joining Sapura. In his career, Stephane lived in France, 
Australia, Singapore, Angola and Malaysia and has executed 
projects in Europe, South America, Africa and Asia Pacific.
Academic/Professional Qualifications:
• INSEAD, Executive education management program, Building 
the Business, (2012)
• ESSEC, Executive education management program, General 
Management, (2005)
• Master of Science – Mechanical Engineering, INSA, France 
(1991)
• Bachelor Degree, Mechanical Engineering, IUT Evry, France 
(1988)
ANDY CHEW SENG HENG
Group Chief Financial Officer
Date of Appointment:
1 December 2021
Directorship in other Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
Andy Chew is currently the Group Chief Financial Officer of 
Sapura Energy. He was appointed to the role of Group Chief 
Financial Officer, effective 1 December 2021 after serving as 
Acting Group Chief Financial Officer since 1 October 2021. Andy 
Chew first began his journey here in Sapura Energy as VP, 
Group Controller on 19 April 2021.
Andy is a senior finance professional with 30 years of broad 
experience in the energy sector working for Royal Dutch Shell 
(“RDS”) Group. He started his career in 1991 with Shell companies 
in Malaysia and held the Finance Director position before 
moving to the RDS head-office in 2013 based in The Hague for 
7 years as the Head of Reporting. Prior to moving to The Hague, 
he held both country and regional roles responsible for Malaysia, 
Singapore, Brunei, Philippines, Thailand, China, India, New 
Zealand, and Australia.
Academic/Professional Qualifications:
• Bachelor's Degree (Hons.) in Accounting, University of Malaya 
(1991)
• Chartered Accountant, Malaysian Institute of Accountants 
(1996)
• Harvard Business School Senior Management Development 
Program (2000)
• INSEAD Group Business Leadership Program (2002)
• Mandatory Accreditation Programme for Directors of Public 
Listed Companies (2013)
56
Sapura Energy Berhad
122
Group Overview
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE PROFILES

---- Page 125 ----
LOUAY LOUIS LAHAM
Chief Executive Officer, Drilling
MOHAMAD NASRI MEHAT
Chief Executive Officer, Operation & Maintenance
Senior Vice President Group QHSE
Date of Appointment:
1 April 2023
Directorship in other Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
Louay Laham is currently the Chief Executive Officer for Drilling 
Business. In his early career days as management team member, 
Louay worked with Singapore based KS Drilling in managing a 
fleet of onshore and offshore drilling rigs in Asia and North 
Africa before becoming the General Manager for KS Drilling 
Indonesia until end of 2012. He joined Sapura Energy in 2013 
as the Operations Performance Manager, then went on Head of 
Newbuilds, Head of Operations Support and Newbuilds, Head 
of Fleet Support for Sapura Energy and the group before being 
promoted in 2018 as Vice President, Drilling Operations. He was 
then re-designated as Chief Operations Officer in April 2021 
before appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Drilling Business on 
1 April 2023.
Academic/Professional Qualifications:
• BSc Thermal Engineering, Uni. of Technology, France
• MBA Reims NEOMA, France
Date of Appointment:
1 April 2021
Directorship in other Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
Nasri Mehat is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Operation 
& Maintenance and the Senior Vice President Group QHSE at 
Sapura Energy Berhad. He assumed these roles since April 2021 
and May 2023, respectively.
Nasri's journey with the company began in 2010 when he joined 
Kencana Pinewell Sdn Bhd, which is now known as Sapura 
Pinewell Sdn Bhd. Initially, he served as the General Manager of 
Topside Major Maintenance and was later promoted to the 
position of Senior General Manager in 2014. In 2018, Nasri 
transitioned to become the Head of the Hook-up & Commissioning 
Division at Sapura Energy.
Before joining Sapura Energy, Nasri held the position of General 
Manager of Operations at Nam Fatt Corporation Bhd, where he 
was responsible for overseeing the company's operations in 
Sudan. Throughout his 33-year career in the engineering and 
construction industry, Nasri has primarily focused on the oil and 
gas sector. He has gained valuable experience working in 
various regions, including Malaysia, North Africa, and Europe.
Nasri’s expertise lies in leadership and managerial positions, with 
a specialisation in business operations, project management, and 
contract management. He has successfully managed a diverse 
range of projects, including infrastructure projects, power plants, 
pipelines, crude oil pumping and heating stations, onshore plant 
construction, fabrication works, offshore transportation and 
installation works, hook-up and commissioning, facilities 
upgrading and modification, as well as brownfield r ejuvenation 
and topside major maintenance work.
Academic/Professional Qualifications:
• BSc in Civil Engineering Te chnology, Southern Illinois 
University, USA
• Diploma in Contract Law, Unive rsity of Wolverhampton, UK
44 58
Annual Report 2024
123
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 126 ----
MUHAMMAD ZAMRI JUSOH
Chief Executive Officer, SapuraOMV Upstream
PUSPA HANITA ABD AZIZ
Chief People Officer, People & Culture
Date of Appointment:
16 July 2019
Directorship in other Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
Muhammad Zamri Jusoh is currently the Chief Executive Officer 
of SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn. Bhd. (SapuraOMV). He assumed 
this position in July 2019 and provides overall leadership and 
direction in the development and implementation of the 
Company’s strategic plans and policies. He is also responsible 
for directing and controlling various aspects of business 
operations and their global assets. He is accountable to the 
Board for the achievement of SapuraOMV’s goals and objectives. 
Under his stewardship, SapuraOMV grew to become one of the 
largest independents in the region with strong growth portfolios.
Zamri is also a member of SapuraOMV’s Executive Management 
Committee and sits on the Board of various SapuraOMV's 
subsidiaries. Prior to joining SapuraOMV, Zamri was the Vice 
President of Malaysia Petroleum Management (MPM), PETRONAS, 
with oversight of the overall policy and management of the 
domestic petroleum resources and development of the local oil 
& gas industry, to ensure energy security for the country. Zamri 
currently sits on SPE Asia Pacific Regional Advisory Council and 
OTC Asia 2024 Advisory Committee.
Academic/Professional Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering from 
Polytechnic University, New York
Date of Appointment:
17 September 2019
Directorship in other Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
Puspa Hanita Abd Aziz is currently the Chief People Officer, 
People & Culture of Sapura Energy Berhad. She joined Sapura 
Energy in 2019 as the SVP, Group Human Resources.
Puspa started her career with PETRONAS in 1991. She progressed 
through various managerial and leadership roles in Human 
Resources (“HR”), Group Corporate Strategy, Business 
Development, Leadership and Capability Development and 
finally, was appointed as the HR Director for Prince Court 
Medical Centre, Kuala Lumpur. Subsequently, in 2010, Puspa set 
up and led her own independent HR Consultancy firm designing 
solutions and delivering projects on HR Strategy, Leadership 
Assessment, Capability Development, Performance, and Rewards 
Management. Within this context, she has worked with public 
listed companies, government agencies as well as local and 
international clients across various industries. Puspa is a Certified 
Coach and an experienced leadership assessor.
Academic/Professional Qualifications:
• Bachelor of Science in Economics from Salford University, 
England
• Master of Business Administration from the Strathclyde 
Graduate Business School, University of Strathclyde, 
Scotland
• Certified Solution-Focused Coach, Canadian Council of 
Professional Certification (“CCPC Global”)
57
 56
Sapura Energy Berhad
124
Group Overview
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE PROFILES

---- Page 127 ----
PANDAI OTHMAN
Chief Strategy & Transformation Officer
NORZAIMAH MAAROF
Group Chief Counsel, Group Legal & Governance
Date of Appointment:
1 February 2024
Directorship in other Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
Pandai is the Chief Strategy & Transformation Officer since 
1  February 2024. Pandai has been working with PETRONAS for 
almost 29 years, mostly in project management field, with vast 
experience in engineering, procurement, construction, 
commissioning and contract management of LNG, petrochemical, 
utilities, and infrastructure projects dealing with multinational 
consultants and contractors at various international locations. 
Experienced in managing EPCC, EPCIC, EPCM, PMC, Alliance 
contract at various level of management and leading a team of 
various multinationals. Throughout the years of experience 
managing projects, he has served at various international 
locations other than Malaysia, namely the Netherlands, UK, 
Japan, US, Egypt, Germany, and Australia.
Pandai was on secondment assignment to Malaysia Marine & 
Heavy Engineering Berhad (MHB), a public-listed company under 
the MISC Group, as the Managing Director & Chief Executive 
Officer prior to join Sapura Energy Berhad.
Academic/Professional Qualifications:
• BEng. Mechanical Engineering, University of Manchester 
Institute of Science and Technology (UMIST), Manchester, 
England, 1994
Date of Appointment:
14 November 2022
Directorship in other Public Companies and Listed Issuers:
• Nil
Working Experience:
Norzaimah Maarof is the Group Chief Counsel of Sapura Energy 
Berhad. She leads the Group’s legal and governance functions 
including compliance, corporate secretarial, managing legal risks 
and strengthening corporate governance and business policy.
She has over 30 years of extensive corporate commercial 
experience in diverse industries including renewable energy, 
healthcare, technology, pharmaceutical, chemical, agri-business 
and plantation. Norzaimah is well-versed in the areas of 
corporate and organisational restructuring, transformation and 
business turnaround, Mergers & Acquisitions, Capital and Debt 
markets and has strong governance, risk management, 
compliance, and legal background.
She has had working experiences with home-grown public listed 
companies, GLCs as well as MNCs. In addition, she has had 
regional and international responsibilities, with a stint at the 
corporate headquarters of an MNC in New York and a Regional 
role covering Asia, Japan, Australia, Latin America, the Middle 
East, and Africa. Norzaimah was the Group Chief Executive 
Officer of a major university holding company, where she 
oversaw, among others, the implementation and operation of 
two large-scale solar plants.
Academic/Professional Qualifications:
• LLB (Honours) from University of Southampton, 
Southampton, United Kingdom
• Barrister-at-Law, Inner Temple
• Institute of Corporate Directors Malaysia, Member
• Institute of Enterprise Risk Practitioners (IERP), Member
5554
Annual Report 2024
125
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 128 ----
BOARD OF DIRECTORS (“THE BOARD”)
The Board is accountable for, and committed to, maintaining a sound and effective risk management and internal control system 
which is important for the Group to achieve its business strategies and objectives. The Board acknowledges that the risk management 
and internal control systems are designed to manage and minimise risks to as low as reasonably practicable. The Board acknowledges 
Management’s function in implementation of the policies for risks and controls, followed with the design, operation, and monitoring 
of appropriate measures to mitigate these risks.
Sapura Energy Berhad (“Sapura Energy”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) place great importance on having a sound and robust system 
of oversight and management of risks related to its business activities. In support of effective risk governance and risk-informed 
decision making, the Group has set out a risk appetite for those risks which, to a lesser or greater extent, are within its control to 
manage and mitigate. The Group’s risk appetite with appropriate risk thresholds or Key Risk Indicators (“KRI”) specifies the amounts 
and types of risks the Group is willing to undertake in achieving its strategic business objectives. The Group employs a range of 
quantitative and qualitative indicators to monitor its risk profile whereby specific thresholds are set in line with its risk appetite.
The Group’s Risk Management Framework is based on a governance process that sets forth clear responsibilities for identifying, 
assessing, controlling, monitoring, and reporting risks. These responsibilities are divided into three lines of defence, namely operations 
(risk-taking units), risk control units and Group Internal Audit. The framework also sets out how the Group organises and applies its 
risk management practices ensuring that all activities are conducted in line with principles underpinning the risk management 
framework and risk governance.
Risk management occurs at all levels within the organisation. Every employee and contractor staff are responsible for effective 
identification, evaluation, control, and reporting of the risks in their area of activity and managing them in accordance with approved 
risk guidelines and tolerance levels. The evaluations of those risks are incorporated into the decision-making process.
RISK GOVERNANCE
The risk governance structure facilitates the flow of information and effective oversight on the implementation of risk management 
practices in the Group.
The disclosures in this statement, however, do not cover joint venture and associate companies which the Group does not have 
direct operational control. Nevertheless, the Group’s board representation in these joint ventures and the associate companies 
provide the appropriate governance and influence necessary for the safeguarding of the Group’s interest in those companies.
Monthly Update and Review Periodic Update and Review
Reporting Flow
Governance Flow
BoardBRMC
BAC
Executive 
CommitteeOperations
Sapura Energy Berhad
126
Group Overview
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT 
AND INTERNAL CONTROL

---- Page 129 ----
BOARD RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (“BRMC”)
The BRMC is the principal Board Committee that oversees risk 
governance and verifies that the Group’s enterprise risk 
management is implemented effectively, supported by the Chief 
Risk Officer and Group Risk Management. The key responsibility 
of the BRMC is to ensure the Management is managing the 
Group’s enterprise risks with integrity and transparency, and with 
the objective of safeguarding the interest of shareholders and 
other stakeholders.
The BRMC remains focused on the Group’s key enterprise risks. 
The BRMC reviews risk management initiatives, actions and 
measures implemented by the Management to ensure that the 
Group’s risks are identified and assessed, and control measures 
are put in place and functioning as intended in addressing these 
risks.
BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE (“BAC”)
The key responsibility of the BAC is to ensure the effectiveness 
of governance and internal controls over financial reporting and 
risk management to ensure published financial statements and 
related disclosures are free from material errors or misstatements.
The BAC achieves this objective by:
 Assessing the internal control environment:
• determine whether the Management has implemented 
policies and procedures ensuring that controls in place 
are adequate and functioning as intended;
• determine the adequacy and effectiveness of risk 
management framework and its implementation; and
• review the adequacy and integrity of the Group’s 
internal control and management information systems.
 Overseeing financial reporting by reviewing and discussing 
the quarterly results and year-end financial statements.
 Discussing significant audit matters with external auditors.
 Assessing the suitability, objectivity, effectiveness, and 
independence of the external auditors.
 Ensuring the internal audit function is effective and able to 
function independently.
 Reviewing conflict of interest situations and related party 
transactions.
MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY
All members of the Sapura Energy’s Executive Committee 
(“ExCo”), inclusive of the Group Chief Executive Officer and 
Group Chief Financial Officer, are accountable for providing 
assurance to the respective Board committees, and ultimately 
the Board, that risk management policies and internal control 
systems are implemented effectively and monitored adequately.
GROUP RISK MANAGEMENT
Led by the Chief Risk Officer, Group Risk Management develops 
risk management standards, and procedures; provides guidance 
on risk related matters, coordinates risk management activities, 
as well as monitors the Group’s enterprise risks. Group Risk 
Management’s principal roles and responsibilities include:
 Provide risk management training to inculcate risk awareness 
culture within the Group.
 Review and update risk management methodologies, 
specifically those related to identification, assessment, 
controlling, monitoring, and reporting of risks.
 Development, review, and monitoring of various risk policies 
and related decisions by the BRMC on enterprise risks.
 Development, implementation, and coordination of Business 
Continuity Management procedures to restore critical 
business functions in the event of unplanned incidents 
causing business disruption.
GROUP INTERNAL AUDIT
Reporting functionally to the BAC, the main objective of the 
Group Internal Audit (“GIA”) is to provide an independent 
assurance over the internal control framework of the Group to 
ensure it is functioning as intended. GIA discharges its 
responsibilities with a risk-based and disciplined approach to 
review and evaluate the effectiveness of governance, risk 
management and internal control processes.
During the financial year, audits were performed on the Group’s 
business operations, projects, and corporate support functions. 
The scope, timing and frequency of such audits were based on 
the Annual Internal Audit Plan approved by the BAC.
On a periodic basis, internal audit reports and Management’s 
agreed action plans were tabled to the BAC for review. Audit 
findings and action plans were deliberated to ensure appropriate 
improvements of the internal control framework were 
implemented by the Management accordingly.
Annual Report 2024
127
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 130 ----
All the GIA processes and activities are guided by the approved 
Internal Audit Charter and Group Internal Audit Manual which 
are aligned with the International Professional Practices 
Framework issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors.
Further activities of the GIA are outlined in the Report of the 
BAC on pages 134 and 135 of this Annual Report.
BOARD STATEMENT
The Group is committed to maintain and continuously improve 
enterprise-wide risk management systems and processes to 
ensure its strategic goals and corporate governance responsibilities 
are met. The Group is exposed to a variety of risks that may 
impact its businesses, future performance, financial and legal 
positions, liquidity, asset values, growth potential, sustainable 
development, and reputation.
Risk management is one of the core responsibilities of the Sapura 
Energy Board and is central to its decision-making process. The 
Board acknowledges its responsibilities in establishing a sound 
risk management framework and internal control system as well 
as reviewing its adequacy and effectiveness within the Group.
An effective risk management and internal control system is 
essential to the governance, operations, and processes of the 
Group. This helps the Group anticipate risk exposures and 
introduce controls to mitigate threats and maximise opportunities. 
This is achieved by ensuring that the risk management framework 
and related internal control systems are in place to address and 
manage the Group’s key risks so that appropriate risk appetites 
are established with acceptable risk thresholds in order to deliver 
on the Group’s business objectives.
BOARD RESPONSIBILITY
The Board acknowledges its responsibilities in establishing a 
sound risk management framework and internal control system 
as well as reviewing its adequacy and effectiveness within the 
Group. The Board is assisted by the BRMC and the BAC, which 
have been delegated with oversight responsibilities over the 
Group’s risk management and internal control system. The Board 
remains responsible for the governance of risk management and 
internal control, and all the actions of the Board committees with 
regards to the execution of the delegated oversight responsibilities. 
The risk management and internal control system is designed to 
manage risk exposures within the appropriate risk appetites to 
achieve the Group’s business objectives.
Commentary Section on the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the risk management and internal 
control system
This year has remained challenging for the Group including 
escalating project and financing costs, as well as the lack of bank 
guarantees and working capital, which in turn affected order 
book replenishment.
The Group as a going concern is under threat from the 
circumstances mentioned above. In responding to the business 
risks, the Board and the Management have undertaken and 
continue to undertake the necessary steps to regularise the 
operations and the financial conditions of the Group. These steps 
include:
1  Established a Board Restructuring Taskforce since 
28  September 2021 to steer and provide oversight on the 
regularisation plan;
2  Appointed principal advisor and other financial and legal 
advisors to assist in our debt restructuring exercise, which 
is under the purview of the Corporate Debt Restructuring 
Committee;
3  Applied for and was granted to Sapura Energy and 22 of its 
wholly owned subsidiaries Convening and Restraining 
Orders under Sections 366 and 368 of the Companies Act 
2016 from the High Court of Malaya. The Orders under 
Section 366 of the Act enable each Applicant to summon 
meetings with its creditors, to consider and approve a 
proposed scheme of arrangement and compromise as part 
of the debt restructuring plan. The applicants were also 
granted a Restraining Order pursuant to Section 368 of the 
Act to restrain and stay legal proceedings against them. On 
7 March 2024, Sapura Energy and its 22 wholly owned 
subsidiaries have been granted new Convening and 
Restraining Orders by the High Court of Malaya for a period 
of 3 months, commencing 11 March 2024; and
4  Restructuring the Group’s business through a Reset Plan to 
divest non-core business and assets, improve bidding and 
project delivery capabilities and implement a robust financial 
framework to ensure financial discipline. On 22 April 2024, 
Sapura Upstream Assets Sdn Bhd entered into a conditional 
Sale and Purchase Agreement to divest its 50 percent equity 
interest in SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn Bhd to TotalEnergies 
Holdings SAS.
Notwithstanding the above-mentioned challenges, the Board and 
Management are committed to achieving the goal of returning 
the Group to a sound financial position.
Sapura Energy Berhad
128
Group Overview
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT 
AND INTERNAL CONTROL

---- Page 131 ----
The Board has also taken several significant steps in strengthening our Enterprise Risk Management foundation and its implementation:
• Strengthening the Enterprise Risk Management framework in identifying, evaluating, and managing key risks;
• Conducting risk management workshops across the Group to embed risk management culture; and
• Strengthening business accountabilities to ensure appropriate risk appetites/tolerances are proactively monitored and managed.
STRATEGIC RISK MANAGEMENT PRIORITIES IN FY2025
In line with the Group’s strategy in FY2025 to improve the Group’s cashflow and earnings, the Group will strengthen operational 
efficiencies to protect project margins and drive consistent results. In view of the operating context aforementioned, the Group’s 
approach towards risk management continues to strengthen along the following dimensions:
 Review of key risk appetite and tolerance levels
Setting appropriate risk appetite is part of the Group’s risk management framework as it helps the Group to better understand and 
manage risks in strategic decisions, reporting, and day-to-day business decisions. The risk appetite and tolerance levels will be 
reviewed by Group Risk Management to ensure its relevance in line with the Group’s strategy in FY2025 and changing macro-
environment factors.
 Continuous strengthening of risk management practices
As risk management remains a priority to strengthen operational efficiencies of the Group, a key focus area of Group Risk 
Management is to strengthen its analytical resources for greater granularity of information through an enhanced risk management 
system. This system will reinforce the Group’s ability to monitor and control risks as it is geared to early risk detection and the 
identification as well as the timely implementation of appropriate countermeasures. In addition, Group Risk Management will 
undertake a review of Sapura Energy’s Group Risk Management Policies to ensure its applicability, comprehensiveness, and relevance.
 Increasing operational resilience through Business Continuity Management (“BCM”)
BCM, a risk management process that aims to build the Group’s capabilities to recover and continuously deliver products and 
services at acceptable, predefined levels will be enhanced through the implementation of the Group’s BCM Programme to minimise 
the impact of business disruptions.
REVIEW OF STATEMENT BY EXTERNAL AUDITORS
As required by Paragraph 15.23 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, the external auditors 
have reviewed this Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control (“Statement”) and reported to the Board that nothing has 
come to their attention that causes them to believe that the Statement is not prepared, in all material aspects, in accordance with 
the disclosures required by Paragraphs 41 and 42 of the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors 
of Listed Issuer, nor is the Statement factually inaccurate.
The Statement is made in accordance with a resolution passed by the Board of Directors on 30 May 2024.
Annual Report 2024
129
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 132 ----
The Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) requires the Board of Directors (“Board”) to prepare financial statements for each financial year in 
accordance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board, and the provisions 
of the Act and the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, and to lay these before the Company at 
its Annual General Meeting.
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the audited financial statements provide a true and fair view of the financial position of 
the Group and the Company as at 31 January 2024 and of their financial performance and cash flows for the financial year ended 
31 January 2024.
In preparing the audited financial statements for FY2024 set out on pages 138 to 273 of this Annual Report, the Board has ensured 
that, the appropriate accounting policies were adopted and consistently applied, reasonable and prudent judgment and estimates were 
exercised and a going concern basis was adopted as disclosed in Note 2.1 in the audited financial statements.
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the Group and the Company maintain accounting records that disclose the financial position 
of the Group and the Company with reasonable accuracy which enable them to ensure that the financial statements are in compliance 
with the Act.
The Board also has the overall responsibility to take such steps that are reasonably available for them to safeguard the assets of the 
Group and the Company as well as to prevent and detect fraud in addition to other irregularities.
This Statement of Directors’ Responsibility is made in accordance with a resolution passed by the Board on 30 May 2024.
Sapura Energy Berhad
130
Group Overview
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY
For the Audited Financial Statements

---- Page 133 ----
The Board of Directors of Sapura Energy Berhad (“Sapura Energy”) is pleased to present the 
report of the Board Audit Committee (“BAC”) including a summary of the activities of the BAC 
and the Internal Audit Function for the financial year ended 31 January 2024 (“FY2024”).
COMPOSITION
As at 31 January 2024, the BAC comprised five (5) members, of which two (2) are Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors and 
the other three (3) are Independent Non-Executive Directors. The members of the BAC during FY2024 are as follows:
Members Designation
Lim Tiang Siew (Chairman) Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Datuk Muhamad Noor Hamid
(Ceased to be a member with effect from 26 July 2023)
Independent Non-Executive Director
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali Independent Non-Executive Director
Rohaizad Darus
(Ceased to be a member with effect from 25 March 2024)
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani
(Appointed as a member with effect from 26 July 2023)
Independent Non-Executive Director
Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad
(Appointed as a member with effect from 15 December 2023)
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
The composition of the BAC fulfilled the requirements of Paragraphs 15.09(1)(a) and 15.09(1)(b) of the Main Market Listing Requirements 
(“MMLR”) of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.
The BAC Chairman, Lim Tiang Siew, is a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants and a Senior Independent Non-Executive 
Director. Accordingly, Paragraphs 15.09(c)(i) and 15.10 of the MMLR have been complied with.
TERMS OF REFERENCE OF THE BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE
In performing its duties and discharging its responsibilities, the BAC is guided by a Terms of Reference (“TOR”). The BAC TOR is 
available on the website of Sapura Energy at www.sapuraenergy.com.
On 12 March 2024, the Board, through the Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee, reviewed the performance of the BAC 
and its members for FY2024. The Board is satisfied that the BAC and its members discharged their functions, duties and responsibilities 
in accordance with the BAC’s TOR, and that Sapura Energy complies with the requirements of Paragraph 15.20 of the MMLR.
Annual Report 2024
131
Management Discussion  
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
REPORT OF BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE

---- Page 134 ----
MEETINGS
A total of six (6) meetings were held during FY2024. The details of attendance of each member are as follows:
Members Attendance Percentage
Lim Tiang Siew (Chairman) 6/6 100%
Datuk Muhamad Noor Hamid
(Ceased to be a member with effect from 26 July 2023)
4/4 100%
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali 6/6 100%
Rohaizad Darus
(Ceased to be a member with effect from 25 March 2024)
6/6 100%
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani
(Appointed as a member with effect from 26 July 2023)
2/2 100%
Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad
(Appointed as a member with effect from 15 December 2023)
– –
The Group Chief Executive Officer and the Group Chief Financial Officer are invited to all BAC meetings to facilitate direct 
communication and to deliberate the financial results and audit reports submitted by Group Internal Audit of Sapura Energy and its 
subsidiaries (“Group”). The Group Chief Internal Auditor is invited for deliberation of internal control and governance matters arising 
from internal audit reports while the attendance of other Management staff is by invitation depending on the matters deliberated by 
the BAC. This provides a platform for direct interaction between members of the BAC and Management. Discussions at the BAC have 
generally been robust and detailed, with the members of the BAC focused on improving internal controls, risk management and 
governance.
The external auditors were engaged to conduct a limited review of quarterly financial results of the Group before these were presented 
to the BAC for review and recommendation for the Board’s approval and adoption.
The Chairman of the BAC presents reports to the Board highlighting key issues discussed in BAC meetings. The Secretary of the BAC 
records the deliberations by the members at the meetings and the outcome of these discussions. The minutes of each BAC meeting 
are tabled for confirmation at the subsequent BAC meeting and thereafter be presented to the Board for notation.
ATTENDANCE OF PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT COURSES
All BAC members are aware of the need to continuously develop and increase their knowledge in the areas of accounting and auditing 
standards, practices and rules, given the changes and developments in these areas from time to time. In line with this and Practice 
9.5 under Principle B of Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (“MCCG 2021”), the BAC members have made continuous efforts 
in keeping themselves abreast of relevant developments by attending courses and other programmes related to financial reporting 
standards, practices and rules during the financial year.
The trainings attended by members of the BAC during the financial year are disclosed in the Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement included in this Annual Report.
SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES OF THE BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE
Over the course of FY2024, the BAC undertook the following activities:
Financial Reporting
Reviewed and discussed the unaudited quarterly consolidated financial results and the annual audited consolidated financial statements, 
as well as the performance of the Group before recommending the same for approval by the Board. In reviewing the financial reporting 
of the Group, the BAC discussed and made enquiries on, amongst others:
Sapura Energy Berhad
132
Group Overview
REPORT OF BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE

---- Page 135 ----
Reporting Matters
i. Changes in or implementation of significant accounting policies and practices;
ii. The integrity of the quarterly and annual financial information;
iii. Compliance with accounting standards and other regulatory and legal requirements;
iv. Management’s assessment of going concern;
v. Management’s response to significant audit findings and recommendations;
vi. Appointment of Production Sharing Contract auditors; and
vii. Significant matters highlighted including financial reporting issues, significant judgement made by Management, significant and 
unusual events or transactions, and how these matters be addressed. Some of the key items discussed are as follows:
Key Areas Deliberated Resolution
i. Going concern and future viability
The Group continues to manage liquidity 
constraints and adverse key financial ratios due 
to unfavourable business performance, lack of 
reserves to sustain operations and carrying an 
unsustainable level of debts. The Group has 
triggered two Practice Note 17 criteria under 
8.04 (2) of the MMLR. These are threatening the 
Group as a going concern.
Please refer to Page 159, Note 2.1 – Basis of 
Preparation of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for details.
The BAC recognises that the situation is still in a flux with a number 
of significant factors and events that could impact the Group’s going 
concern. In view of this, the BAC recommends the Group Consolidated 
Financial Statements are to be prepared on a going concern basis, 
taking into consideration the factors as disclosed in Note 2.1 of the 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.
The BAC has taken note of the audit opinion expressed by the Group’s 
external auditors, Messrs. Ernst & Young, and recognises that the 
Group has now triggered two Practice Note 17 criteria under 8.04 (2) 
– Prescribed Criteria of PN17, Paragraph 2.1 (a) & (e) of the MMLR.
ii. Divestment of investment and sale of assets
Intended divestment of Upstream investment in 
Sapura OMV, judicial sale of vessel and its 
respective derecognition pursuant to MFRS 5.
The BAC considered and reviewed the criteria for assessment, 
recognition, accounting treatment and disclosure requirement for the 
reclassification of non-current assets held for sale. The recognition 
criteria takes into account that the asset is available for immediate sale 
in its present condition; the sale is highly probable with active 
programme to locate buyer; the sale is expected to complete within 
1 year from date of classification.
Assets that meet the criteria will be presented separately on the face 
of the balance sheet and measured at the lower of carrying amount 
and fair value less costs to sell.
iii. Provision for onerous contracts
Costs to complete several contracts with 
customers were escalating due to a variety of 
reasons, including higher project execution cost, 
liquidated damages, and contract termination.
The BAC reviewed and deliberated on Management judgements and 
accounting estimates related to a number of contracts with customers, 
leading to recognition of foreseeable losses and onerous contract 
provisions under these contracts.
iv. Impairment of tangible and intangible assets
The carrying amount of an asset should be 
tested for impairment when circumstances 
indicate that there is a possible change in 
carrying value such as a change in performance 
or future activity.
The BAC reviewed and deliberated on the business outlook and future 
cash flows of the business segments according to the approved 
Business Plan, critically assessing the key assumptions including 
discount rates applied and seeking the External Auditors views and 
input. The BAC concurred with the Management’s impairment 
assessment, leading to a recognition of RM25.8 million of impairment 
charges for the financial year.
v. Material litigation
Significant potential or pending litigation could 
have a material impact on the Group’s financial 
position.
The BAC was briefed on material litigation matters and assessed the 
potential impact of these matters with inputs from the Group Legal 
team and external counsel.
Annual Report 2024
133
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 136 ----
Internal Audit
i. Reviewed the Group Internal Audit Plan (“Audit Plan”) 
presented by the Group Chief Internal Auditor to ensure 
adequate scope and coverage, in particular, on the 
appropriateness of the risk assessment for purpose of 
determining areas to be audited;
ii. Deliberated audit findings including Management’s response 
and remedial actions, root causes and extent of the non-
compliances, mitigation action plans and deadlines for 
closures presented in the internal audit reports;
iii. Reviewed the implementation status of agreed action plans 
to ensure all key risks and controls have been adequately 
addressed; and
iv. Assessed the resource requirements of internal audit and 
evaluated the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal 
audit function.
External Audit
i. Discussed with the external auditors before the audit 
commences, their audit plan, nature and scope of the audit;
ii. Held five (5) private discussions with the external auditors 
on 23 March 2023, 22 May 2023, 19 June 2023, 25 
September 2023 and 07 December 2023 without the 
presence of Management (including the Group Company 
Secretary) to discuss any areas of concern;
iii. Discussed the external auditor’s reviews of the quarterly 
financial results and financial statements of the Group;
iv. Discussed and deliberated on significant audit and 
accounting matters identified during review of interim 
financial statements and annual statutory audit of the 
Group;
v. Reviewed the independence, suitability, objectivity and 
effectiveness of the external auditors and services provided. 
In this respect, the BAC has received written assurance from 
the external auditors that in accordance with the 
requirements of all professional and regulatory requirements, 
they remained independent throughout the conduct of the 
audit engagement for FY2024;
vi. Reviewed and approved the External Auditors Independent 
Policy to set out guidelines for engaging external auditors 
in non-audit services within the Group to ensure 
independence of the external auditors; and
vii. Considered and recommended to the Board for re-
appointment of the external auditors and the fees payable 
to them in respect of the Board’s submission to the 
shareholders for approval at the Company’s Annual General 
Meeting.
Related Party Transactions
i. Reviewed and deliberated on related party transactions and 
recurrent related party transactions policy; and
ii. Reviewed and deliberated on related party transactions 
entered or to be entered into by the Group and subsequently 
made its recommendations for the Board’s consideration. 
In forming its recommendation, the BAC takes into 
consideration whether the proposed related party 
transactions are:
• in the best interests of the Group;
• fair, reasonable and on normal commercial terms; and
• not detrimental to the interests of our minority 
shareholders.
Regularisation Plan
Reviewed the proposed appointment of reporting accountant.
Capital Management
The Group’s objectives in managing capital is to safeguard the 
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. The Group aims 
to achieve a sustainable capital structure by strengthening the 
balance sheet through a restructuring of debts and maintaining 
an acceptable range of gearing levels.
During FY2024, the BAC reviewed the Group’s capital structure 
and discussed options available to achieve a sustainable debt 
level. This includes reviewing proposed debt restructuring plans 
and schemes of arrangements with its creditors. This matter is 
still work-in-progress and being discussed and negotiated with 
the Group’s lenders and other relevant stakeholders as part of 
the Group’s Reset.
Annual Report
Reviewed the Report of the BAC, Statement on Risk Management 
and Internal Control, Additional Compliance Information, 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement, Corporate 
Governance Report, Statement of Directors’ Responsibility and 
the Audited Financial Statements of the Group for inclusion in 
the Annual Report prior to recommending the same for 
consideration and approval of the Board.
Complaints Investigation Committee
i. Reviewed the Complaints Investigation Committee (“CIC”) 
policy;
ii. Reviewed report by Chairman of the CIC; and
iii. Noted the minutes of CIC meeting.
Sapura Energy Berhad
134
Group Overview
REPORT OF BOARD AUDIT COMMITTEE

---- Page 137 ----
Other Matters
Reviewed the Group Governance Plan FY2024 and the following 
proposed policies:
i. Corporate Disclosure;
ii. Personal Data Protection; and
iii. Signing Protocol.
INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION
Internal auditing is an independent and objective assurance 
activity designed to provide independent assurance over the 
internal control framework of the Group to ensure it is functioning 
as intended. Group Internal Audit (“GIA”) discharged its 
responsibilities with a risk-based and disciplined approach to 
review and evaluate the effectiveness of governance, risk 
management and internal control processes.
The purpose, authority and responsibility of GIA are formally 
defined in the Internal Audit Charter, as approved by the BAC, 
which establishes the framework for the effective and efficient 
functioning of GIA. The standards and practices adopted by GIA 
are aligned to the International Professional Practices Framework 
issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors.
The internal audit function of the Group was carried out in-
house and is headed by Mohd Khairel Nizam Alias, a Certified 
Internal Auditor and Chartered Member of The Institute of 
Internal Auditors Malaysia. As at 31 January 2024, GIA has a 
headcount of nine (9) full time internal auditors (FY2023:9) with 
relevant experience and qualifications such as certified internal 
auditor, chartered accountant/accountant and engineer (marine, 
production & operations, QA/QC and mechanical).
Further information on the resources, objectivity and 
independence of the internal auditors are provided in the 
Corporate Governance Report in accordance with Practice 11.2 
of the MCCG 2021.
During FY2024, the following activities were carried out:
i. Prepared and presented the Audit Plan which included 
budget and human capital planning for the review and 
approval by the BAC;
ii. GIA adopted a risk-based approach by identifying and 
assessing significant risk areas in the Group to prepare the 
Audit Plan for the Group, taking into account the adequacy 
or need for additional resources;
iii. Based on the Audit Plan which had been approved by the 
BAC:
• Performed compliance review on policies and 
procedures, limits of authority and other statutory and 
regulatory requirements within the Group; and
• Reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of policies 
and procedures, internal controls, risk management and 
governance activities and provided suitable 
recommendations to Management for implementation 
within the Group.
iv. Prepared audit reports and sought Management’s responses 
including action plan(s) with specific timeline in regard to 
rectification of deficiencies identified in the existing internal 
control systems and thereafter, incorporated the pertinent 
information into the final reports which were then circulated 
to the BAC;
v. Presented audit reports during the BAC meetings for 
deliberation; and
vi. Followed up on the implementation status of Management’s 
agreed action plans and thereafter report the status to the 
BAC.
During FY2024, GIA conducted audit reviews on the following 
areas:
i. Project management over selected high-risk projects;
ii. Asset and inventory integrity;
iii. Drilling base management;
iv. Joint venture entity; and
v. Follow-up on implementation status of agreed Management 
actions plans.
For FY2024, GIA utilised 1,566 man-days (FY2023: 2,117), which 
was 109% of total man-days available (FY2023: 107%). The total 
direct cost incurred by GIA in discharging its function and 
responsibilities during FY2024 was approximately RM1.95 million 
(FY2023: RM2.11 million). The lower cost incurred for FY2024 
compared to FY2023 was principally due to resignation of one 
(1) headcount and prioritisation of audit activities which resulted 
in a number of audits being deferred and conducted through 
desktop review.
Annual Report 2024
135
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 138 ----
CONTENTS
138 Directors’ Report
144 Statement by Directors
144 Statutory Declaration
145 Independent Auditors’ Report
150 Consolidated and Separate Statements of Profit or Loss
151 Consolidated and Separate Statements of Comprehensive Income
152 Consolidated and Separate Statements of Financial Position
154 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
155 Company Statement of Changes in Equity
156 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
158 Company Statement of Cash Flows
159 Notes to the Financial Statements

---- Page 139 ----


---- Page 140 ----
The directors hereby present their report together with the audited financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the 
financial year ended 31 January 2024.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activities of the Company are that of investment holding and provision of management services to its subsidiaries.
The principal activities of the subsidiaries are as described in Note 44 to the financial statements.
RESULTS
Group
RM’000
Company
RM’000
Loss for the financial year, net of tax (518,700) (430,005)
Loss attributable to:
Owners of the Parent (508,658) (430,005)
Non-controlling interests (10,042) –
(518,700) (430,005)
There were no material transfers to or from reserves or provisions during the financial year other than as disclosed in the financial 
statements.
In the opinion of the directors, the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company during the financial year were not 
substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature, other than as disclosed in the financial 
statements.
DIRECTORS
The names of the directors of the Company in office since the beginning of the financial year to the date of this report are:
Dato’ Shahriman bin Shamsuddin
Datuk Ramlan bin Abdul Rashid
Dato’ Mohammad Azlan bin Abdullah
Lim Tiang Siew
Dato’ Azmi bin Mohd Ali
Datuk Mohd Anuar bin Taib ^
Lim Fu Yen ^
Datuk Nur Iskandar bin A Samad
Wan Mashitah binti Wan Abdullah Sani
Shahin Farouque bin Jammal Ahmad (Appointed on 15 December 2023)
Datuk Muhamad Noor bin Hamid (Retired on 26 July 2023)
Rohaizad bin Darus (Resigned on 25 March 2024)
^ Director of the Company and certain subsidiaries.
Sapura Energy Berhad
138
Group Overview
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

---- Page 141 ----
DIRECTORS (CONT’D.)
The list of the directors of the Company’s subsidiary/(ies) since the beginning of the financial year to the date of this report, excluding 
directors who are also directors of the Company:
Amar Bheenick
Austin Noel Airey
Awang Mohammad bin Haji Brahim
Ben Lim Kok Keong
Benoit Marie, Carayol
Bruna Ferreira Lima
Bundit Kittitanarux
Chew Seng Heng
Chung Chuan Fui
Daniel Richard William Vincent
Dharmesh Naik
Dominique Veyre De Soras
Gerald Stephen Grishaber
Giselle Patricia Rowe
Hazlinda binti Kasim
Ian Frederick John Nash
Kingsley John Wood
Kuang bin Sitim
Louay Louis Laham
Marisol Ovono Nchama
Metis Wong Kuan Lee
Mohd Azwan bin Azizan
Mohamad Nasri bin Mehat
Mohammad Nazmi bin Kamaruddin
Muhammad Khalid bin Ismail
Na’imah binti Mohd Noor
Nelson Anderson Cheong Boon Guan
Paul Standon Colley
Paulette Lopes
Phanindhar Chivukula
Puspa Hanita binti Abd Aziz
Quorum Services Limited
Rita Lydia Hartono
Roseleeni binte Ramlee
Sim Kim Siong
Sirlene Santos Brêtas de Noronha
Sofia binti Zakaria
Suhaimi bin Ismail
Sumithra a/p Krishnan
Appointed since the beginning of the financial year to the date of this report:
Eoin Duncan Christie (Appointed on 17 April 2023)
Ong Lee Chiun (Appointed on 24 July 2023)
Fiona Jasmin Kaur a/p Gurchan Singh (Appointed on 24 July 2023)
Mohd Rahimi bin Yaacob (Appointed on 29 August 2023)
Alhard Zwart (Appointed on 31 October 2023)
Michael Thomas Urbanik (Appointed on 2 August 2023)
Norzaimah binti Maarof (Appointed on 29 February 2024)
Pandai bin Othman (Appointed on 29 February 2024)
Rendyno bin Mohamed Ariffin (Appointed on 29 February 2024)
Azmanira binti Ariff (Appointed on 7 March 2024)
Bruno Picozzi (Appointed on 30 April 2024)
Stephane Thierry Prosper Denoun (Appointed on 30 April 2024)
Annual Report 2024
139
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 142 ----
DIRECTORS (CONT’D.)
Resigned since the beginning of the financial year to the date of this report:
Richard Faria Ferreira (Resigned on 31 March 2023)
Ashit Jain (Resigned on 28 July 2023)
New Cheng Swee (Resigned on 17 July 2023)
Muhd Nazif bin Muhamad (Resigned on 24 July 2023)
Raphael Michel Francois Yves Siri (Resigned on 28 August 2023)
Chiang Wai Ming (Resigned on 14 September 2023)
Johannes Franciscus Maria Stinenbosch (Resigned on 1 October 2023)
Richard Rowland Leetham (Resigned on 31 October 2023)
Dale Hart (Resigned on 10 January 2024)
Melissa binti Lokman (Resigned on 29 February 2024)
Izzaty binti Izuddin (Resigned on 7 March 2024)
Ravisankar Venkata Mamidanna (Resigned on 2 April 2024)
DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS
Neither at the end of the financial year, nor at any time during the year, did there subsist any arrangement to which the Company 
was a party, whereby the directors might acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company 
or any other body corporate, other than those arising from the Executive Share Option Scheme ("ESOS"), as disclosed in Note 36 to 
the financial statements.
Since the end of the previous financial year, no director of the Company has received or become entitled to receive a benefit (other 
than benefits as shown below or the fixed salary of a full-time employee of the Company) by reason of a contract made by the 
Company or a related corporation with any director or with a firm of which the director is a member, or with a company in which 
the director has a substantial financial interest, except as disclosed in Note 39 to the financial statements.
The directors’ benefits paid to or receivable by directors in respect of the financial year ended 31 January 2024 are as follows:
Group and 
Company
2024
RM’000
Salaries and fees 3,824
Defined contribution plan 269
Other emoluments 610
Bonus 288
Benefits-in-kind 31
5,022
The director’s remuneration are further disclosed in Note 10 to the financial statements.
The directors and officers of the Group and of the Company are covered by Directors and Officers Liability Insurance for any liability 
incurred in the discharge of their duties, provided that they have not acted fraudulently or dishonestly or derived any personal profit 
or advantage. The total insured limit for the Directors and Officers Liability Insurance effected for the Directors and Officers of the 
Group was RM200.0 million. The insurance premium charged during the financial year amounted to RM814,443.
Sapura Energy Berhad
140
Group Overview
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

---- Page 143 ----
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS
According to the register of directors’ shareholdings, the interests of directors of the Company in office at the end of the financial 
year in shares in the Company and its related corporations during the financial year were as follows:
Number of ordinary shares
As at
1.2.2023
‘000
Acquired
‘000
Sold
‘000
As at
31.1.2024
‘000
The Company
Indirect interest
Dato’ Shahriman bin Shamsuddin¹ 2,067,198 – – 2,067,198
Direct interest
Datuk Mohd Anuar bin Taib 2,200 – – 2,200
Dato’ Shahriman bin Shamsuddin 506 – – 506
Number of warrants
As at
1.2.2023
‘000
Acquired
‘000
Sold
‘000
As at
31.1.2024
‘000
The Company
Indirect interest
Dato’ Shahriman bin Shamsuddin¹ 164,061 – – 164,061
1 Deemed interested by virtue of being a substantial shareholder of Sapura Holdings Sdn. Bhd. (“Sapura Holdings”) pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 
2016. Sapura Holdings is a substantial shareholder of Sapura Technology Sdn. Bhd., Sapura Resources Berhad, Sapura Capital Sdn. Bhd., Indera Permai Sdn. Bhd. 
and Jurudata Sdn. Bhd..
Other than as disclosed above, none of the other directors in office at the end of the financial year had any interest in shares in the 
Company or its related corporations during the financial year.
ISSUE OF SHARES
During the financial year, the Company’s issued and paid-up ordinary share capital has increased from RM10,872,078,000 to 
RM11,854,791,000 through an automatic conversion of matured 2,396,862,035 Islamic redeemable convertible preference shares 
("RCPS-i") at the conversion ratio of one new ordinary share for every one RCPS-i held.
The key features and salient terms of the converted shares are disclosed in Note 26 in the financial statements.
Annual Report 2024
141
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 144 ----
EXECUTIVE SHARE OPTION SCHEME (“ESOS”)
During the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 29 November 2018, shareholders approved the establishment of the ESOS and the 
By-Laws for the granting of options to eligible executive directors and senior management to subscribe for new ordinary shares of 
the Company.
The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee ("BNRC") which governs the ESOS, comprises directors appointed and duly 
authorised by the Board in accordance with the By-Laws.
The ESOS comprises of Tranche 1 and Tranche 2 granted in the previous financial years, where these options will expire on 
12  December 2025 and 10 April 2026 respectively. The salient features and other terms of the ESOS are disclosed in Note 36 to the 
financial statements.
OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION
(a) Before the statements of profit or loss, statements of comprehensive income and statements of financial position of the Group 
and of the Company were made out, the directors took reasonable steps:
(i) to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the making of allowance for 
expected credit losses on receivables and satisfied themselves that all known bad debts had been written off and that 
adequate allowance for expected credit losses had been made for receivables; and
(ii) to ensure that any current assets which were unlikely to realise their values as shown in the accounting records in the 
ordinary course of business had been written down to an amount which they might be expected so to realise.
(b) At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances which would render:
(i) the amount written off for bad debts or the amount of the allowance for expected credit losses on receivables in the 
financial statements of the Group and of the Company inadequate to any substantial extent; and
(ii) the values attributed to the current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company misleading.
(c) At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances which have arisen which would render adherence 
to the existing method of valuation of assets or liabilities of the Group and of the Company misleading or inappropriate.
(d) At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt with in this report or financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company which would render any amount stated in the financial statements misleading.
(e) At the date of this report, there does not exist:
(i) any charge on the assets of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year which 
secures the liabilities of any other person; or
(ii) any contingent liability of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year, except for 
those disclosed in Note 38 to the financial statements.
(f) In the opinion of the directors:
(i) no contingent or other liability has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable within the period of twelve 
months after the end of the financial year; as the plan to address the Group’s liquidity constraints, set out in Note 2.1 to 
the financial statements, is expected to be achievable; which may affect the ability of the Group or the Company to meet 
their obligations when they fall due; and
(ii) no item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature has arisen in the interval between the end of the financial 
year and the date of this report which is likely to affect substantially the results of the operations of the Group or of the 
Company for the financial year in which this report is made.
Sapura Energy Berhad
142
Group Overview
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

---- Page 145 ----
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Other than the matters discussed in Note 2.1, Note 38 (b), Note 46 (d), (e) and (f) as well as Note 47 to the financial statements, 
there was no other material event subsequent to the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
AUDITORS AND AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
The auditors, Ernst & Young PLT, have expressed their willingness to continue in office.
Auditors' remuneration are as follows:
Group
RM’000
Company
RM’000
Ernst & Young PLT:
– Statutory audits: Group auditors 4,570 533
– Other services: Group auditors 1,181 778
– Corporate exercise: Group auditors 1,626 1,626
To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to indemnify its auditors, Ernst & Young PLT, as part of the terms of its 
audit engagement against claims by third parties arising from the audit. No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst & Young PLT 
during or since the financial year. 
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 30 May 2024.
Dato’ Mohammad Azlan bin Abdullah Datuk Mohd Anuar bin Taib
Annual Report 2024
143
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 146 ----
We, Dato’ Mohammad Azlan bin Abdullah and Datuk Mohd Anuar bin Taib, being two of the directors of Sapura Energy Berhad, do 
hereby state that, in the opinion of the directors, the accompanying financial statements set out on pages 150 to 273 are drawn up 
in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the 
Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 
31  January 2024 and of their financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended.
Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 30 May 2024.
Dato’ Mohammad Azlan bin Abdullah Datuk Mohd Anuar bin Taib
I, Chew Seng Heng, being the officer primarily responsible for the financial management of Sapura Energy Berhad, do solemnly and 
sincerely declare that the accompanying financial statements set out on pages 150 to 273 are, to the best of my knowledge and 
belief, correct, and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true and by virtue of the provisions of 
the Statutory Declarations Act, 1960.
Subscribed and solemnly declared by
the abovenamed Chew Seng Heng
at Kuala Lumpur in the Federal Territory
on 30 May 2024 Chew Seng Heng
MIA 10344
Before me,
Kapt. (B) Jasni bin Yusoff
No: W465
Lot 1.08, Tingkat 1
Bangunan KWSP, Jalan Raja Laut
50350 Kuala Lumpur
Sapura Energy Berhad
144
Group Overview
STATUTORY DECLARATION
Pursuant to Section 251(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2016
STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS
Pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016

---- Page 147 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Sapura Energy Berhad, which comprise the statements of financial position as at 
31  January 2024 of the Group and of the Company, statements of profit or loss, statements of comprehensive income, statements 
of changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the year then ended, and notes to the 
financial statements, including a summary of material accounting policies as set out on pages 150 to 273.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the 
Company as at 31 January 2024, and of their financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with 
Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (“MFRS”), International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the requirements of the 
Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion.
Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern
We draw attention to Note 2.1 to the financial statements, which indicates that the Group and the Company reported a net loss of 
RM518.7 million and RM430.0 million respectively for the year ended 31 January 2024, and as of that date, the Group’s and the 
Company’s current liabilities exceeded their current assets by RM14,528.6 million and RM2,173.2 million respectively, and that the 
Group is facing severe liquidity constraints. The Company and 22 of its subsidiaries (“the Applicants”) have obtained Restraining Orders 
under Section 368 of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia (“the Act”) which will expire on 11 June 2024 and is in the process of 
undertaking schemes of arrangement (“SOA”) and compromise under Section 366 of the Act.
These events or conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 2.1 to the financial statements, indicate the existence of 
material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
Nevertheless, the financial statements of the Group and of the Company have been prepared on a going concern basis, the validity 
of which is highly dependent on obtaining extensions of the Restraining Orders; favourable outcomes of the legal claims for the 
terminated Engineering & Construction projects; and the successful and timely implementation of the proposed SOA which requires 
that the Applicants secure approvals from at least 75% of the scheme creditors in the court convened meetings.
Should the going concern basis for the preparation of the financial statement be no longer appropriate, adjustments would have to 
be made in the financial statements relating to the amounts and classification of the assets and liabilities. No such adjustments have 
been made to these financial statements.
Our opinion is not qualified in respect of this matter.
Independence and other ethical responsibilities
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and Practice) 
of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“By-Laws”) and the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including 
International Independence Standards) (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the 
By-Laws and the IESBA Code.
Annual Report 2024
145
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
to the members of Sapura Energy Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)

---- Page 148 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT’D.)
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company for the current year. In addition to the matters described in the Material Uncertainty 
Related to Going Concern section, we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters for the audit of the 
financial statements of the Group to be communicated in our report. We have determined that there are no further key audit matters 
to communicate in our report on the financial statements of the Company. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in 
that context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our 
report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to 
our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the 
procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis of our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.
(a) Impairment assessment of goodwill on consolidation and property, plant and equipment (“PPE”)
 (Refer to Notes 2.32(b)(i), 13 and 14 to the financial statements)
 As at 31 January 2024, the carrying values of the Group’s goodwill and property, plant and equipment (“PPE”) amounted to 
RM239.1 million and RM5,348.0 million respectively, which collectively represents 40% of the Group’s total assets.
 In accordance with MFRS 136: Impairment of Assets, the Group is required to perform annual impairment test of cash generating 
units (“CGUs”) to which goodwill has been allocated and whenever there is an indication that the PPE may be impaired by 
comparing the carrying amount with its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is defined as the higher of fair value less costs 
of disposal (“FVLCD”) and value-in-use (“VIU”).
 The remaining goodwill relates to the Engineering & Construction (“E&C”) segment (goodwill on Drilling segment has been fully 
impaired in the previous financial year). In relation to PPE (including vessels), management has identified them to be tested for 
impairment in view of the Group’s loss-making position, continued challenges and volatility within the oil and gas industry.
 Due to the significance of the carrying values of goodwill and PPE, and the complexity and subjectivity involved in the impairment 
assessment, we considered this as an area of audit focus.
 In addressing the matters above, we have performed amongst others the following audit procedures:
• For the recoverable amounts of cash generating units (“CGUs”) determined using VIU, we have:
(i) Obtained an understanding of the relevant processes and internal controls over estimating the recoverable amount of 
the CGUs.
(ii) Evaluated the key assumptions as disclosed in Notes 13 and 14 to the financial statements used by management in the 
cash flow projections on whether they are reasonable by comparing to past actual outcomes and by corroborating with 
industry analysts’ views, management’s plans, existing contracts and/or upcoming bidding opportunities, where applicable.
(iii) Evaluated the discount rates, terminal growth rate (for goodwill) and the methodology used in deriving the present value 
of the cash flows, with the support of our internal valuation specialists.
(iv) For CGUs to which goodwill and PPE are allocated, we have performed sensitivity analysis on key assumptions by 
assessing the impact of changes in the key assumptions to the recoverable amounts.
(v) Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures made in the financial statements.
Sapura Energy Berhad
146
Group Overview
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
to the members of Sapura Energy Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)

---- Page 149 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT’D.)
Key audit matters (cont’d.)
(a) Impairment assessment of goodwill on consolidation and property, plant and equipment (“PPE”) (cont’d.)
 (Refer to Notes 2.32(b)(i), 13 and 14 to the financial statements)
• For the recoverable amounts of the vessels determined using FVLCD, we have:
(i) Considered the independence, reputation and expertise of the independent valuers.
(ii) Obtained an understanding of the methodology adopted by the independent valuers in estimating the fair value of 
vessels and assessed whether such methodology is consistent with those used in the industry.
(iii) Discussed with the independent valuers to obtain an understanding of the assumptions and related data used as input 
to the valuation models.
(b) Revenue from construction contracts recognised on percentage of completion method
 (Refer to Notes 2.22(i)(a) and 3 to the financial statements)
 Revenue from construction contracts contributed approximately 60% of the Group’s total revenue for the year ended 31 January 
2024. To measure progress over time, the Group applied the input method which is based on the percentage-of-completion 
(“POC”). POC is determined by the proportion of cost incurred for work performed to date over the estimated total contract 
cost. The use of POC requires management to exercise significant judgement in estimating the costs to complete. Accordingly, 
we considered this as an area of audit focus.
 In estimating the costs to complete, management considered the completeness and accuracy of its costs estimation including 
its obligations in respect of contract variations, claims and cost contingencies. It also involved appropriately identifying, estimating 
and providing for contracts with foreseeable losses. The costs to complete can vary with market conditions and unforeseen 
events during the contract period.
 In addressing the matter above, we have performed amongst others the following audit procedures:
(i) Obtained an understanding of the processes and internal controls over the accuracy and timing of revenue and profit 
recognised in the financial statements, including the process and controls performed by management to estimate the total 
contract cost, profit margin and POC of the projects.
(ii) Discussed the basis for estimating total contract cost of significant projects with management.
(iii) Evaluated the assumptions applied in determining the estimated total contract cost of significant projects, by comparing 
the estimated costs to complete with documentary evidence such as original signed contracts and variation orders. We also 
considered the historical accuracy of management’s budgets.
(iv) Assessed the adequacy of provision for foreseeable losses made for ongoing contracts, where applicable.
(v) Agreed the contract sum used in management’s calculations of revenue to the original contracts and approved variation 
orders where applicable, on a sampling basis.
(vi) Tested management’s calculations of POC and revenue.
Annual Report 2024
147
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 150 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT’D.)
Key audit matters (cont’d.)
Information other than the financial statements and auditors’ report thereon
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included 
in the Group’s 2024 Annual Report and the Directors’ Report, but does not include the financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company and our auditors’ report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility is to read the other 
information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the financial statements of the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required 
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that give 
a true and fair view in accordance with MFRS, IFRS and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. The directors are 
also responsible for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements of 
the Group and of the Company that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s and 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease operations, or 
have no realistic but alternative to do so.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with approved 
standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards in Auditing (“ISA”), we 
exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
(a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or 
the override of internal control.
(b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the Company’s internal 
control.
Sapura Energy Berhad
148
Group Overview
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
to the members of Sapura Energy Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia)

---- Page 151 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT’D.)
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (cont’d.)
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards in Auditing (“ISA”), we 
exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also (cont’d.):
(c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by directors.
(d) Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Group’s or the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group or the Company to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
(e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, including 
the disclosures, and whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
(f) Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities and business activities within the 
Group to express an opinion on the financial statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, 
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, 
and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance 
in the audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in 
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other matters
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act 2016 
in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.
Ernst & Young PLT Ismed Darwis Bin Bahatiar
202006000003 (LLP0022760-LCA) & AF 0039 No. 02921/04/2026 J
Chartered Accountants Chartered Accountant
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
30 May 2024
Annual Report 2024
149
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 152 ----
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Note
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Revenue 3 4,318,494 4,551,254 59,350 101,305
Cost of sales 4 (4,186,775) (3,974,379) – –
Gross profit 131,719 576,875 59,350 101,305
Other income 5 555,722 195,274 76,556 25,511
Administrative expenses (405,081) (329,553) (256,489) (295,837)
Other expenses (206,485) (264,550) – –
75,875 178,046 (120,583) (169,021)
Provision for impairment 6 (25,825) (2,620,172) (4,983) (3,248,798)
Finance costs 7 (800,115) (622,831) (303,993) (251,368)
Share of profit/(loss) from associates and joint ventures 337,223 (38,600) – –
Loss before taxation 8 (412,842) (3,103,557) (429,559) (3,669,187)
Income tax expense 11 (105,858) (71,970) (446) (518)
Loss after taxation (518,700) (3,175,527) (430,005) (3,669,705)
Loss attributable to:
Owners of the Parent (508,658) (3,157,680) (430,005) (3,669,705)
Non-controlling interests (10,042) (17,847) – –
(518,700) (3,175,527) (430,005) (3,669,705)
Loss per share attributable to owners of the Parent  
(sen per share)
Basic/Diluted 12 (3.17) (19.76) – –
Sapura Energy Berhad
150
Group Overview
CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE  
STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the financial year ended 31 January 2024

---- Page 153 ----
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Loss after taxation (518,700) (3,175,527) (430,005) (3,669,705)
Other comprehensive (loss)/income:
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent 
periods:
Foreign currency translation differences (1,270,564) 184,722 – –
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates  
and joint ventures:
– Foreign currency translation differences 473,906 (23,407) – –
– Net changes in cash flow hedge – 16,917 – –
Item that has been reclassified to profit or loss in current year:
Share of other comprehensive income of associates and  
joint ventures:
– Net changes in cash flow hedge – 13,305 – –
Total other comprehensive (loss)/income (796,658) 191,537 – –
Total comprehensive loss for the year (1,315,358) (2,983,990) (430,005) (3,669,705)
Total comprehensive loss attributable to:
Owners of the Parent (1,303,768) (2,964,345) (430,005) (3,669,705)
Non-controlling interests (11,590) (19,645) – –
(1,315,358) (2,983,990) (430,005) (3,669,705)
Annual Report 2024
151
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE 
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the financial year ended 31 January 2024

---- Page 154 ----
Note
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 13 5,348,014 5,079,520 19,871 35,790
Intangible assets 14 242,491 246,068 – –
Investment in subsidiaries 15 – – 1,748,496 1,753,479
Investment in associates 16 1,878,854 1,694,204 – –
Investment in joint ventures 17 2,740,233 2,444,014 – –
Deferred tax assets 18 116,427 106,727 – –
Trade and other receivables 22 54,955 227,361 – –
Deferred mobilisation cost 19 33,979 84,070 – –
Amounts due from subsidiaries 21 – – 1,798 –
10,414,953 9,881,964 1,770,165 1,789,269
Current assets
Inventories 20 431,718 386,193 – –
Amounts due from subsidiaries 21 – – 1,440 10,379
Trade and other receivables 22 1,092,350 782,985 12,508 11,994
Deferred mobilisation cost 19 54,302 22,111 – –
Contract assets 23 462,530 687,586 – –
Tax recoverable 80,083 92,421 3,599 8,502
Cash, deposits and bank balances 24 1,453,506 850,125 3,629 4,562
3,574,489 2,821,421 21,176 35,437
Non-current asset classified as held for sale 25 6,447 – – –
3,580,936 2,821,421 21,176 35,437
Total assets 13,995,889 12,703,385 1,791,341 1,824,706
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Sapura Energy Berhad
152
Group Overview
CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE 
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 January 2024

---- Page 155 ----
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
Note
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Equity and liabilities
(Deficit in shareholders’ funds)/Equity attributable to 
equity holders of the Company
Share capital 26 11,854,791 10,872,078 11,854,791 10,872,078
Islamic redeemable convertible preference shares 
(“RCPS-i”) 27 – 982,713 – 982,713
Shares held under trust 28 – – – –
Warrants reserve 29 109,110 109,110 109,110 109,110
Other reserves 30 1,166,498 1,970,284 81,852 90,528
Accumulated losses (17,313,257) (16,813,275) (16,218,574) (15,797,245)
(4,182,858) (2,879,090) (4,172,821) (3,742,816)
Non-controlling interests (38,222) (26,632) – –
Shareholders’ deficit (4,221,080) (2,905,722) (4,172,821) (3,742,816)
Non-current liabilities
Amount due to a subsidiary 32 – – 3,767,595 3,767,595
Contract liabilities 23 19,160 51,694 – –
Trade and other payables 33 20,571 11,808 – –
Lease liabilities 35 15,028 22,935 2,185 14,980
Deferred tax liabilities 18 52,656 38,287 – –
107,415 124,724 3,769,780 3,782,575
Current liabilities
Amounts due to subsidiaries 32 – – 1,988,821 1,621,068
Borrowings 31 10,982,446 10,615,934 – –
Trade and other payables 33 5,511,426 3,716,758 192,766 151,608
Contract liabilities 23 667,301 558,602 – –
Provisions 34 787,384 426,549 – –
Lease liabilities 35 24,418 18,720 12,795 12,271
Provision for tax 136,579 147,820 – –
18,109,554 15,484,383 2,194,382 1,784,947
Total liabilities 18,216,969 15,609,107 5,964,162 5,567,522
Total equity and liabilities 13,995,889 12,703,385 1,791,341 1,824,706
Annual Report 2024
153
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 156 ----
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
<------------------------- Attributable to the owners of the Parent -------------------------->
Non-
controlling
interests
RM’000
Shareholders’
deficit
RM’000
<----------------------- Non-distributable ----------------------> Distributable Total equity
attributable
to owners
of the
Parent
RM’000
Share
capital
RM’000
RCPS-i
RM’000
Shares held
under trust
RM’000
Warrants
reserve
RM’000
Other
reserves
RM’000
Accumulated
losses
RM’000
At 1 February 2023 10,872,078 982,713 – 109,110 1,970,284 (16,813,275) (2,879,090) (26,632) (2,905,722)
Total comprehensive loss – – – – (795,110) (508,658) (1,303,768) (11,590) (1,315,358)
10,872,078 982,713 – 109,110 1,175,174 (17,321,933) (4,182,858) (38,222) (4,221,080)
Transactions with owners:
Conversion of matured 
RCPS-i into ordinary 
shares (Notes 26, 27) 982,713 (982,713) – – – – – – –
Lapse of certain ESOS, 
representing total 
transaction with owners 
(Note 30) – – – – (8,676) 8,676 – – –
Total transactions with owners 982,713 (982,713) – – (8,676) 8,676 – – –
At 31 January 2024 11,854,791 – – 109,110 1,166,498 (17,313,257) (4,182,858) (38,222) (4,221,080)
At 1 February 2022 10,872,078 982,713 (11,587) 109,110 1,791,355 (13,658,696) 84,973 (6,987) 77,986
Total comprehensive income/
(loss) – – – – 193,335 (3,157,680) (2,964,345) (19,645) (2,983,990)
10,872,078 982,713 (11,587) 109,110 1,984,690 (16,816,376) (2,879,372) (26,632) (2,906,004)
Transactions with owners:
Disposal of shares held 
under trust (Note 28) – – 11,587 – – (11,305) 282 – 282
Lapse of certain ESOS, 
representing total 
transaction with owners 
(Note 30) – – – – (14,406) 14,406 – – –
Total transactions with owners – – 11,587 – (14,406) 3,101 282 – 282
At 31 January 2023 10,872,078 982,713 – 109,110 1,970,284 (16,813,275) (2,879,090) (26,632) (2,905,722)
Sapura Energy Berhad
154
Group Overview
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the financial year ended 31 January 2024

---- Page 157 ----
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
<--------------------------- Non-distributable -------------------------> Distributable
Share
capital
RM’000
RCPS-i
RM’000
Shares held
under trust
RM’000
Warrants
reserve
RM’000
Other
reserves
RM’000
Accumulated
losses
RM’000
Shareholders’
deficit
RM’000
At 1 February 2023 10,872,078 982,713 – 109,110 90,528 (15,797,245) (3,742,816)
Total comprehensive loss – – – – – (430,005) (430,005)
10,872,078 982,713 – 109,110 90,528 (16,227,250) (4,172,821)
Transactions with owners:
Conversion of matured RCPS-i 
into ordinary shares  
(Notes 26, 27) 982,713 (982,713) – – – – –
Lapse of certain ESOS, 
representing total transaction 
with owners (Note 30) – – – – (8,676) 8,676 –
Total transactions with owners 982,713 (982,713) – – (8,676) 8,676 –
At 31 January 2024 11,854,791 – – 109,110 81,852 (16,218,574) (4,172,821)
At 1 February 2022 10,872,078 982,713 (11,587) 109,110 104,934 (12,130,641) (73,393)
Total comprehensive loss – – – – – (3,669,705) (3,669,705)
10,872,078 982,713 (11,587) 109,110 104,934 (15,800,346) (3,743,098)
Transactions with owners:
Disposal of shares held under 
trust (Note 28) – – 11,587 – – (11,305) 282
Lapse of certain ESOS, 
representing total transaction 
with owners (Note 30) – – – – (14,406) 14,406 –
Total transactions with owners – – 11,587 – (14,406) 3,101 282
At 31 January 2023 10,872,078 982,713 – 109,110 90,528 (15,797,245) (3,742,816)
Annual Report 2024
155
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
COMPANY STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the financial year ended 31 January 2024

---- Page 158 ----
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before taxation (412,842) (3,103,557)
Adjustments for:
Allowance for ECL on trade and other receivables (Note 22) 3,873 123,101
Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 14) 4,240 4,402
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 13) 406,735 544,364
Finance costs (Note 7) 800,115 622,831
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment (98) (8,670)
Interest income (Note 5) (18,423) (14,035)
Inventories written down (Note 20) – 51,180
Net changes in provision (Note 34) 155,355 (187,983)
Net unrealised foreign exchange (gain)/loss (Note 5 and Note 8) (449,108) (40,072)
Provision for impairment on:
– Goodwill (Note 6) – 1,463,671
– Property, plant and equipment (Note 6) 25,825 1,156,501
Property, plant and equipment written off (Note 13) 163 334
Share of (profit)/loss from associates and joint ventures (337,223) 38,600
178,612 650,667
(Increase)/decrease in inventories (45,525) 10,716
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables (183,110) 176,239
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables 300,592 (620,840)
Net changes in balances with joint ventures and associates 275,587 (45,067)
Cash generated from operating activities 526,156 171,715
Taxes paid (125,360) (63,649)
Net cash generated from operating activities 400,796 108,066
Sapura Energy Berhad
156
Group Overview
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the financial year ended 31 January 2024

---- Page 159 ----
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received 12,234 6,055
Dividends received from a joint venture 21,083 22,348
Proceeds from disposal of plant and equipment 183 349,333
Purchase of plant and equipment^ (Note 13) (208,104) (234,453)
Purchase of intangible asset (Note 14) – (3,263)
Repayment from a joint venture 471,483 –
Net cash generated from investing activities 296,879 140,020
Cash flows from financing activities
Finance costs paid (40,876) (17,730)
Net repayment of revolving credit, term loans (Note 31(c)) (15,686) (89,596)
Repayment of lease liabilities (Note 35) (23,838) (11,226)
(Placement)/withdrawal of cash pledged with bank (restricted) (26,412) 123,142
Proceeds from disposal of shares held under trust – 258
Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities (106,812) 4,848
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 590,863 252,934
Effects of exchange rate changes (13,894) 2,582
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 697,730 442,214
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 1,274,699 697,730
Add: Cash pledged with banks (restricted) 178,807 152,395
Cash, deposits and bank balances (Note 24) 1,453,506 850,125
^ In the previous financial year, cash outflow includes for rigs activation cost amounting RM32.5 million.
Annual Report 2024
157
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 160 ----
The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before taxation (429,559) (3,669,187)
Adjustments for:
Depreciation of plant and equipment (Note 13) 19,847 18,693
Net unrealised foreign exchange gain (Note 5) (46,911) (5,275)
Provision for impairment (Note 6) 4,983 3,248,798
Allowance for expected credit losses on amounts due from subsidiaries, trade and other 
receivables, net (Note 8) 65,935 153,087
Finance costs (Note 7) 303,993 251,368
Interest income (Note 5) (15,642) (11,181)
Net changes in provision (Note 34) – (44,700)
(97,354) (58,397)
(Increase)/decrease in other receivables (962) 12,609
Increase in other payables 39,699 49,195
Net changes in balances with subsidiaries companies 73,763 15,945
Cash generated from operating activities 15,146 19,352
Taxes refunded/(paid) 1,027 (129)
Net cash generated from operating activities 16,173 19,223
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of plant and equipment (Note 13), representing net cash used in investing activities (3,928) (5,157)
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from disposal of shares held under trust – 258
Repayment of lease liabilities (Note 35) (13,178) (10,981)
Net cash used in financing activities (13,178) (10,723)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (933) 3,343
Cash, deposits and bank balances at beginning of the year 4,562 1,219
Cash, deposits and bank balances at end of the year (Note 24) 3,629 4,562
Sapura Energy Berhad
158
Group Overview
COMPANY STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the financial year ended 31 January 2024

---- Page 161 ----
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
 Sapura Energy Berhad (“the Company”) is a public limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in Malaysia, and listed 
on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. The registered office is located at Sapura@Mines, No.7, Jalan Tasik, The 
Mines Resort City, 43300 Seri Kembangan, Selangor Darul Ehsan.
 The principal activities of the Company are that of investment holding and provision of management services to its subsidiaries. 
The principal activities of the subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 44.
 The financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors in accordance with a resolution of the directors 
on 30 May 2024.
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1 Basis of preparation
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group and of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standards (“MFRS”), International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the requirements of the 
Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
 The Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia (“RM”) and all values are rounded to the nearest 
thousand (RM’000), except when otherwise indicated.
 The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis unless otherwise disclosed in the 
financial statements.
 The Group and the Company incurred a net loss of RM518.7 million and RM430.0 million respectively (2023: RM3,175.5 
million and RM3,669.7 million respectively) for financial year ended 31 January 2024 and, as of that date, the Group’s and 
the Company’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by RM14,528.6 million and RM2,173.2 million respectively (2023: 
RM12,663.0 million and RM1,749.5 million respectively).
 The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. In arriving at that conclusion, the 
Board of Directors have considered the following:
(i) The Group is faced with a severe liquidity constraint mainly due to its financial losses, lack of access to working capital 
and bank guarantee facilities and an unsustainable level of debts, the combined effect of which is threatening the 
Group and the Company as a going concern.
(ii) A Board Restructuring Taskforce was established on 28 September 2021 to provide oversight and steer on the proposed 
regularisation plan to improve the financial condition of the Group and the Company.
(iii) On 8 March 2023, in view of the expiry of the earlier Orders granted by the High Court of Malaya at Kuala Lumpur 
(the “Court”), the Company and twenty-two (22) of its wholly owned subsidiaries (the “Applicants”) filed a fresh 
application under Sections 366 and 368 of the Companies Act 2016 (the “Act”). The Orders were granted under Sections 
366 and 368 and took effect on 11 March 2023 to 11 June 2023.
 On 6 June 2023, the Restraining Orders were extended by the Court for a further period of nine (9) months until 10 
March 2024.
 On 7 March 2024, the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries obtained a fresh Convening and Restraining Order 
for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024 until 10 June 2024.
(a) The Order under Section 366(1) of the Act allows each Applicant to summon meetings with various classes of 
its creditors (collectively, “Creditors”) and to consider and approve a Proposed Scheme of Arrangement (“PSA”) 
between the Applicants and its Creditors to settle the Creditors’ claims.
Annual Report 2024
159
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024

---- Page 162 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.1 Basis of preparation (cont’d.)
(b) The Applicants were granted a restraining order pursuant to Section 368(1) of the Act (the “Restraining Order”) to 
restrain and stay all proceedings, further proceedings, intended future proceedings in any action or proceeding 
against any Applicant and/or its respective assets. The Restraining Order is to facilitate negotiations between each 
Applicant and its Creditors and finalise the terms of its PSA without the disruption of threatened and ongoing 
legal proceedings in the interim.
(c) The Restraining Order will not apply to certain financial institutions (collectively, the “MCF Financiers”) who have 
provided multi-currency financing facilities to Sapura TMC Sdn. Bhd. (as defined in Note 31(d)(ii)) on the basis 
that the MCF Financiers are bound by a Corporate Debt Restructuring Committee (“CDRC”) standstill (Note 2.1 
(iv)). The Company’s Proof of Debt (“POD”) exercise with its trade creditors in connection with the PSA is on track. 
The exercise involves claims submitted by approximately 2,300 trade creditors, including the claim as described 
in Note 46(f).
(iv) On 1 September 2022, the CDRC approved the Company’s application for assistance to mediate in its debt restructuring 
negotiations with the MCF Financiers. Following the Company’s admission to the CDRC regime, the relevant financial 
institutions were required to observe an informal standstill and withhold all legal proceedings and/or any other recovery 
action initiated or intended against the Company and its relevant subsidiaries. The Company has since submitted 
Proposed Restructuring Scheme (the “PRS”) and has participated in several meetings between the Company and the 
MCF Financiers mediated by CDRC.
 On 28 February 2023, the Company received a formal notification from the CDRC dated 24 February 2023 stating that 
the CDRC Committee has decided to extend the standstill period for the Company and nine (9) subsidiaries under the 
CDRC regime, up to 9 September 2023.
 On 6 September 2023, the Company received a formal notification from CDRC dated 5 September 2023, stating of a 
further extension of the standstill period for the Company and its relevant subsidiaries until 10 March 2024.
 On 12 December 2023, CDRC has provided a written confirmation that at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the MCF 
Financiers have granted their requisite Approval-in-Principle (“AIP”) for the PRS.
 On 11 March 2024, CDRC provided an extension of the standstill period with the MCF Financiers until 10 June 2024, 
in line with the extension of RO. Further details are disclosed in Note 31.
(v) On 15 February 2023, the Company received a formal letter from a white knight supporting the Company’s restructuring 
initiatives and Regularisation Plan. The support from the white knight will be in the form of an investment into the 
Company, subject to the following conditions:
(a) The amount and terms to be discussed and finalised by the white knight and the Company;
(b) Agreement to the Schemes with the MCF Financiers.
 The white knight has also reaffirmed its support on 26 February 2024 subsequent to the AIP received from MCF 
Financiers on the PRS.
(vi) Financial, legal and other advisors have been appointed to develop, negotiate and implement a debt restructuring 
scheme to attain a sustainable level of debt for the Group. A Principal Advisor has been appointed to facilitate the 
proposed regularisation plan pursuant to Paragraph 8.04(3) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad.
 Bursa Malaysia Securities via its letter dated 13 December 2023 has granted a time extension of up to 31 May 2024, 
to submit its Practice Note 17 (“PN17”) regularisation plan to the relevant regulatory authorities, of which the Company 
is seeking for further extension.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
160
Group Overview

---- Page 163 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.1 Basis of preparation (cont’d.)
(vii) Restructuring Sapura Energy Berhad’s business through a Reset Plan to divest non-core businesses and assets (including 
as disclosed in Note 47(c)), improve bidding and project delivery capabilities, continue to secure contracts with 
acceptable margins and cash flows, and implementing a robust financial framework to ensure financial discipline.
(viii) The Group has engaged its legal counsels to provide advice and the necessary legal actions to preserve its contractual 
and legal position regarding terminated contracts and subsequent arbitration cases related to the Engineering and 
Construction (“E&C”) projects. A detailed assessment has been carefully conducted to evaluate possible impact of these 
cases to the Group and the Company, as disclosed in Note 34 (b).
 Premised on the above, the Board expects that the extension on the Restraining Order will be obtained and with standstill 
arrangements in place, a mutually beneficial PSA is likely to be agreed with the scheme creditors by achieving majority 
support in the Court-Convened Meeting (“CCM”) within the stipulated timeframe.
 This is premised on the basis that the Group is able to offer higher recovery under the PSA compared to the recovery 
under liquidation, and that the Group has sufficient funds to sustain its operations until such a scheme is concluded.
 Accordingly, whilst the above conditions indicate the existence of material uncertainties which may cast significant doubt 
about the ability of the Group and of the Company to continue as a going concern, the Board is of the opinion that the 
going concern basis used in the preparation of financial statements is appropriate and no adjustments were necessary to 
be made to the financial statements relating to the recoverability and classification of the carrying amount of assets or the 
amount and classification of liabilities. Should the going concern basis for the preparation of the financial statements be 
no longer appropriate, adjustments will have to be made to state the assets at their realisable values and to provide for 
further liabilities which may arise.
2.2 Changes in accounting policies
 The accounting policies adopted by the Group and the Company are consistent with those of the previous financial year 
except as follows:
 On 1 February 2023, the Group and the Company adopted the following amended MFRSs:
Description
Effective for
annual periods
beginning
MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 17 Insurance Contracts  
(Initial application of MFRS 17 and MFRS 9 Comparative Information) 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 101 Presentation of Financial Statements  
(Disclosure of Accounting Policies) 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 108 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors 
(Definition of Accounting Estimates) 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 112 Income Taxes  
(Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction) 1 January 2023
Amendments to MFRS 112 International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules 1 January 2023
 Adoption of the above amended standards did not have material effect on the financial performance or position of the 
Group and of the Company.
Annual Report 2024
161
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 164 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.2 Changes in accounting policies (cont’d.)
 Amendments to MFRS 112 Income Taxes International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules
 Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions the Group operates. The Group is 
in scope of the enacted or substantively enacted legislation. However, the legislation was enacted close to the reporting 
date. Therefore, the Group is still in the process of assessing the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes as at 31 
January 2024. The potential exposure, if any, to Pillar Two income taxes is currently not known or reasonably estimable.
 The Group expects to be in a position to report the potential exposure in the period of application.
2.3 Standards issued but not yet effective
 The standards and interpretations that are issued but not yet effective up to the date of issuance of the Group’s and the 
Company’s financial statements are disclosed below. The Group and the Company intend to adopt these standards, if 
applicable, when they become effective.
Description
Effective for
annual periods
beginning
on or after
Amendments to MFRS 16 Leases  
(Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback) 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 101 Presentation of Financial Statements  
(Non-current Liabilities with Covenants) 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 107 Statement of Cash Flows and MFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures  
(Supplier Finance Arrangements) 1 January 2024
Amendments to MFRS 121 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates  
(Lack of Exchangeability) 1 January 2025
Amendments to MFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and MFRS 128 Investments in 
Associates and Joint Ventures: Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its 
Associate or Joint Venture Deferred
 The adoption of the above standards are not expected to have material impact on the financial statements in the period 
of application.
2.4 Basis of consolidation
 The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at the 
reporting date. The financial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements 
are prepared for the same reporting date as the Company. Consistent accounting policies are applied to like transactions 
and events in similar circumstances.
 The Company controls an investee if and only if the Company has all the following:
(i) Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
(ii) Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its investment with the investee; and
(iii) The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
162
Group Overview

---- Page 165 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.4 Basis of consolidation (cont’d.)
 When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, the Company considers the following in 
assessing whether or not the Company’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power over the investee:
(i) The size of the Company’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote 
holders;
(ii) Potential voting rights held by the Company, other vote holders or other parties;
(iii) Rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
(iv) Any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Company has, or does not have, the current ability to 
direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous 
shareholders’ meetings.
 Subsidiaries are consolidated when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Company loses 
control of the subsidiary. All intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from 
intra-group transactions are eliminated in full.
 Losses within a subsidiary are attributed to the non-controlling interests even if that results in a deficit balance.
 Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries 
are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s interest and the non-controlling interests 
are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. The resulting difference is recognised directly 
in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.
 When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss are recognised in statement of profit or loss which calculated 
as the difference between:
(i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest; and
(ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests.
 The subsidiary’s cumulative gain or loss which has been recognised in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and accumulated 
in equity are reclassified to statement of profit or loss or where applicable, transferred directly to retained profit. The fair 
value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date control is lost is regarded as the cost on initial 
recognition of an investment.
 Business Combinations
 Acquisitions of subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the 
aggregate of the consideration transferred, measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-controlling 
interests in the acquiree. The Group elects on a transaction-by-transaction basis whether to measure the non-controlling 
interests in the acquiree either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Transaction 
costs incurred are expensed and included in administrative expenses.
 Business combinations under common control are accounted for using the pooling of interests method, where the results 
of entities or businesses under common control are accounted for as if the combination had been effected throughout 
the current and previous financial periods. The assets, liabilities and reserves of these entities are recorded at their pre-
combination carrying amounts or existing carrying amounts are accounted for from the perspective of the common 
shareholder. No adjustments are made to reflect fair values, or recognise any new assets or liabilities, at the date of the 
combination that would otherwise be done under the acquisition method. No new goodwill is recognised as a result of 
the combination. Any difference between the consideration paid/transferred and the equity acquired is reflected within equity 
as reserve on acquisition arising from common control.
Annual Report 2024
163
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 166 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.4 Basis of consolidation (cont’d.)
 Business Combinations (cont’d.)
 When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and 
designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at acquisition 
date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.
 If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity 
interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date through profit or loss.
 Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount 
recognised for non-controlling interests over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the fair value of 
the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group re-assesses whether it has correctly 
identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the 
amounts to be recognised at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets 
acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognised in profit or loss.
2.5 Subsidiaries
 In the Company’s separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment losses. 
The method of assessing impairment of the investment in subsidiary companies is as disclosed in Note 2.12.
 On disposal of such investments, the difference between net disposal proceeds and their carrying amounts is included in 
the profit or loss.
2.6 Investments in associates and joint ventures
 An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in 
the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.
 A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net 
assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only 
when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
 On acquisition of an investment in associate or joint venture, any excess of the cost of investment over the Group’s share 
of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill and included in the 
carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and 
liabilities of the investee over the cost of investment is excluded from the carrying amount of the investment and is instead 
included as income in the determination of the Group’s share of associate’s or joint venture’s profit or loss for the period 
in which the investment is acquired.
 An associate or a joint venture is equity accounted for from the date on which the investee becomes an associate or a 
joint venture.
 Under the equity method, the investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised at cost. The carrying 
amount is adjusted to recognise changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the associate or joint venture since the 
acquisition date. Goodwill relating to the associate or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment 
and is not tested for impairment separately.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
164
Group Overview

---- Page 167 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.6 Investments in associates and joint ventures (cont’d.)
 The statement of profit or loss reflects the Group’s share of the results of operations of the associate or joint venture. Any 
change in OCI of those investees is presented as part of the Group’s OCI. In addition, when there has been a change 
recognised directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when 
applicable, in the statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group 
and the associate or joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate or joint venture.
 The financial statements of the associates and joint ventures are prepared for the same reporting date as the Group. Where 
necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.
 After application of the equity method, the Group applies MFRS 9: Financial Instruments to determine whether it is necessary 
to recognise any additional impairment loss with respect to its net investment in the associate or joint venture. When 
necessary, the entire carrying amount of the investment is tested for impairment in accordance with MFRS 136: Impairment 
of Assets as a single asset, by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value-in-use or fair value less costs of disposal) 
with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reversal of an impairment 
loss is recognised to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.
 When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, any retained interest in the former associate is 
recognised at fair value on the date when significant influence is lost. Any gain or loss arising from the loss of significant 
influence over an associate is recognised in the profit or loss.
2.7 Investments in joint operations
 A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the 
assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of 
control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent 
of the parties sharing control.
 The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in accordance 
with the MFRS applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
2.8 Transaction with non-controlling interests
 Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to owners of the Company, 
and is presented separately in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and within equity in the consolidated 
statement of financial position, separately from equity attributable to owners of the Company. Total comprehensive income 
is attributed to the non-controlling interests based on their respective interests in a subsidiary, even if this results in the 
non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
2.9 Foreign currency
(a) Functional and presentation currency
 Functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which an entity operates.
 The financial statements of each entity within the Group are measured using their respective functional currency. The 
consolidated financial statements are presented in RM, which is also the Company’s functional currency.
 Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency (“foreign currencies”) are recognised at their respective 
functional currency spot rates on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated at the functional currency spot rates of exchange at the reporting date. Non-monetary items 
which are measured at historical costs denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rates as 
at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items which are measured at fair values denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined.
Annual Report 2024
165
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 168 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.9 Foreign currency (cont’d.)
(b) Transactions and balances in foreign currencies
 Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at the reporting 
date are recognised in statement of profit or loss except for exchange differences arising on monetary items that form 
part of the Group’s net investment in foreign operations, which are recognised initially in OCI and accumulated under 
foreign currency translation reserve in equity. The foreign currency translation reserve is reclassified from equity to 
statement of profit or loss of the Group on disposal of the foreign operation.
 When an entity’s ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture is reduced, but the entity continues to apply the 
equity method, the entity reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of gain or loss that has been previously recognised 
in OCI relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be required to be reclassified to profit 
and loss upon the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.
 Exchange differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or 
loss for the period except for the differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items in respect of which 
gains and losses are recognised directly in equity. Exchange differences arising from such non-monetary items are also 
recognised directly in equity.
(c) Translation of foreign operations
 For consolidation purposes, all assets and liabilities of foreign operations that have a functional currency other than 
RM (including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from the acquisition of the foreign operations) are translated 
at the exchange rates ruling at the reporting date. Income and expenses are translated at exchange rates at the dates 
of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on the translation are recognised in OCI. On disposal of a foreign 
operation, the cumulative amount recognised in OCI and accumulated in equity under foreign currency translation 
reserve relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the profit or loss.
 Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of foreign operations are treated as assets and liabilities 
of the foreign operations and are recorded in the functional currency of the foreign operations and translated at the 
closing rate at the reporting date.
2.10 Property, plant and equipment
 Property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment is 
recognised as an asset if, and only if, it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to 
the Group and the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
 Subsequent to recognition, property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment losses. When significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced in 
intervals, the Group and the Company recognise such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciation, 
respectively. Likewise, when a major inspection is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the property, 
plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All other repair and maintenance costs are 
recognised in statement of profit or loss as incurred.
 Dry docking costs which enhance the useful lives of the assets are capitalised when incurred and the remaining carrying 
amount of the cost during the previous dry docking, if any, is derecognised. The costs capitalised is amortised over a 
period of 60 months or the period until the next dry docking date, whichever is shorter.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
166
Group Overview

---- Page 169 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.10 Property, plant and equipment (cont’d.)
 Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets as follows:
 Leasehold land 1% – 2%
 Buildings and structures 2%
 Vessels and related dry docking, remotely operated vehicles (“ROVs”) and
   saturation diving system (“SAT system”) 4% – 20%
 Tender assisted drilling rigs and related dry docking 3% – 20%
 Plant and machinery, tools and implements 10% – 50%
 Equipment, furniture and motor vehicles 10% – 50%
 Right-of-use assets Depends on lease term
 Freehold land has an unlimited useful life and therefore is not depreciated. Assets under construction included in property, 
plant and equipment are not depreciated as these assets are not yet available for their intended use.
 The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
 The residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each financial year-end, and adjusted prospectively, 
if appropriate.
 Property, plant and equipment are derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from 
its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on derecognition of the asset (difference between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the asset) is included in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised.
 Right-of-use (“ROU”) assets
 ROU assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any 
remeasurement of lease liabilities.
 The cost of ROU assets includes the following:
 – The amount of lease liabilities recognised;
 – Any initial direct costs; and
 – Any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentive received.
 The Group presents ROU assets as part of property, plant and equipment.
 The ROU assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line 
basis.
Annual Report 2024
167
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 170 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.11 Intangible assets
(a) Goodwill
 Goodwill is initially measured at cost. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated 
impairment losses.
 For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired is allocated, from the acquisition date, to each of the 
Group’s Cash Generating Unit (“CGU”) that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
 The CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication 
that the CGU may be impaired, by comparing the carrying amount of the CGU, including the allocated goodwill, 
with the recoverable amount of the CGU. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than the carrying amount, 
an impairment loss is recognised in the profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised for goodwill are not reversed in 
subsequent periods.
 Where goodwill forms part of a CGU and part of the operation within that CGU is disposed of, the goodwill associated 
with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or 
loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed off in this circumstance is measured based on the relative fair 
values of the operations disposed off and the portion of the CGU retained.
(b) Other intangible assets
 Intangible assets acquired separately are measured initially at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business 
combination is their fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial acquisition, intangible assets are measured 
at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over the estimated useful lives and assessed for impairment 
whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the 
amortisation method are reviewed at least at each financial year-end. Changes in the expected useful life or the 
expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing 
the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The 
amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in profit or loss.
 Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net 
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is 
derecognised.
 Software development costs is amortised over the period of three years on a straight-line basis and other development 
costs is amortised over the period of expected sales from the related projects on a straight-line basis.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
168
Group Overview

---- Page 171 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.12 Impairment of non-financial assets
 The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset that has a finite economic useful 
life may be impaired. If any such indication exists, or when an annual impairment assessment for an asset is required, the 
Group makes an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount.
 An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal or its value-in-use. For the 
purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable CGU.
 In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are discounted to their 
present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the asset. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is written 
down to its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of a CGU or groups of CGUs are allocated first 
to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to those units or groups of units and then, to reduce the carrying 
amount of the other assets in the unit or groups of units on a pro-rata basis.
 Impairment losses are recognised in statement of profit or loss in expense categories consistent with the function of the 
impaired asset.
 An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognised impairment 
losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has 
been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was 
recognised. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor 
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been 
recognised previously. Such reversal is recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Impairment loss recognised on goodwill 
is not reversed in a subsequent period.
2.13 Financial assets
 Financial assets are recognised in the statements of financial position when, and only when, the Group and the Company 
become a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.
 Initial recognition and measurement
 The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics 
and the Group’s and the Company’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do 
not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group and the Company have applied the practical 
expedient, the Group and the Company initially measure a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial 
asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
 Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group and the Company have 
applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under MFRS 15. Refer to the accounting 
policies in revenue from contracts with customers in Note 2.22 (i).
 In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it needs to give 
rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest’ (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. This 
assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.
 The Group’s and the Company’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets 
in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual 
cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.
 Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by regulation or 
convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group and 
the Company commit to purchase or sell the asset.
Annual Report 2024
169
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 172 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.13 Financial assets (cont’d.)
 Subsequent measurement
 For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in the following categories:
 – Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
 – Financial assets at fair value through OCI with recycling of cumulative gains and losses (debt instruments)
 –  Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon derecognition 
(equity instruments)
 – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(a) Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
 The Group and the Company measure financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:
(i) The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows; and
(ii) The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI on the 
principal amount outstanding.
 Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest rate (“EIR”) method and are 
subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or 
impaired.
 The Group’s and the Company’s financial assets at amortised cost includes trade and other receivables (excluding 
prepayment), amounts due from subsidiaries and cash, deposits and bank balances.
(b) Financial assets at fair value through OCI (debt instruments)
 For debt instruments at fair value through OCI, interest income, foreign exchange revaluation and impairment losses 
or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial 
assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in OCI. Upon derecognition, the 
cumulative fair value change recognised in OCI is recycled to profit or loss.
(c) Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI (equity instruments)
 Upon initial recognition, the Group and the Company can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity 
instruments designated at fair value through OCI when they meet the definition of equity under MFRS 132 Financial 
Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument 
basis.
 Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to profit or loss. Dividends are recognised as other 
income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, except when the Group 
and the Company benefit from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, 
such gains are recorded in OCI. Equity instruments designated at fair value through OCI are not subject to impairment 
assessment.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
170
Group Overview

---- Page 173 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.13 Financial assets (cont’d.)
 Subsequent measurement (cont’d.)
(d) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets designated 
upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily required to be measured 
at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or 
repurchasing in the near term. Derivatives, including separated embedded derivatives, are also classified as held for 
trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI 
are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.
 Notwithstanding the criteria for debt instruments to be classified at amortised cost or at fair value through OCI, as 
described above, debt instruments may be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if doing 
so eliminates, or significantly reduces, an accounting mismatch.
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with 
net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
 This category includes derivative instruments and equity instruments which the Group and the Company had not 
irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through OCI.
 A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host 
and accounted for as a separate derivative if: the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the 
host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; 
and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at 
fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change 
in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a 
reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.
 Derecognition
 A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily 
derecognised (i.e. removed from the Group’s and the Company’s statement of financial position) when:
(a) The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
(b) The Group and the Company have transferred their rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an 
obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ 
arrangement, and either:
(i) The Group and the Company have transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset; or
(ii) The Group and the Company have neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the 
asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
 On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the 
consideration received and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in OCI for debt instruments is recognised 
in profit or loss.
 Where the Group or the Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a 
pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When 
it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the 
asset, the Group or the Company continue to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement.
 Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the 
original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group and the Company could 
be required to repay.
Annual Report 2024
171
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 174 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.14 Impairment of financial assets
 The Group and the Company recognise a provision for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held 
at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance 
with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group and the Company expect to receive, discounted at an approximation 
of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or 
other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
 ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the 
next 12-months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit 
risk since initial recognition, a provision for impairment is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of 
the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).
 For trade receivables, amount due from subsidiaries and contract assets, the Group and the Company apply a simplified 
approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group and the Company do not track changes in credit risk, but instead 
recognises a provision for impairment based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group and the Company have 
established a process to monitor the recoverability of the receivables, based on its historical credit loss experience and 
adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment, if any.
 The Group and the Company consider whether a financial asset is in default when contractual payments are more than 
90 days past due. In certain cases, the Group and the Company may consider a financial asset to be in default when 
internal or external information indicate that the Group and the Company are unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual 
amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group and the Company. A financial 
asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
2.15 Cash, deposits and bank balances
 Cash, deposits and bank balances comprise cash at banks and on hand, short-term deposits with licensed banks, short-
term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an 
insignificant risk of changes in value.
2.16 Inventories
 Inventories are stated at lower of cost and net realisable value.
 Cost is determined using the first-in-first-out basis. The cost of inventories includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the 
inventories and bringing them to their existing location and condition.
 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion 
and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
2.17 Provisions
(a) Onerous contract
 An onerous contract is a contract under which the unavoidable costs (i.e. the costs that the Group and the Company 
cannot avoid because it has the contract) of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits 
expected to be received under it. The unavoidable costs under a contract reflect the least net cost of exiting from 
the contract, which is the lower of the cost of fulfilling it and any compensation or penalties arising from failure to 
fulfil it. The cost of fulfilling a contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract (i.e. both incremental 
costs and an allocation of costs directly related to contract activities).
 If the Group and the Company have a contract that is onerous, the present obligation under the contract is recognised 
and measured as a provision. However, before a separate provision for an onerous contract is established, the Group 
and the Company recognise any impairment loss that has occurred on assets dedicated to that contract.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
172
Group Overview

---- Page 175 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.17 Provisions (cont’d.)
(b) Other provisions
 Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, 
it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the 
obligation can be estimated reliably.
 Provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. If it is no longer 
probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. 
If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre tax rate that reflects, 
where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to 
the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.
2.18 Financial liabilities
 Initial recognition and measurement
 Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, payables, 
loans and borrowings.
 All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of 
directly attributable transaction costs.
 The Group’s and the Company’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, lease liabilities, loans and borrowings 
and amounts due to subsidiaries.
 Subsequent measurement
 The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:
(a) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities 
designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.
 Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near 
term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group and the Company that 
are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by MFRS 9. Separated embedded 
derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments.
 Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in profit or loss.
 Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the initial 
date of recognition, and only if the criteria in MFRS 9 are satisfied. The Group and the Company have not designated 
any financial liability as at fair value through profit or loss.
Annual Report 2024
173
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 176 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.18 Financial liabilities (cont’d.)
 Subsequent measurement (cont’d.)
(b) Financial liabilities at amortised cost
 After initial recognition, the financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the EIR method.
 Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that 
are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.
 This category generally applies to interest-bearing borrowings, trade and other payables, and amounts due to 
subsidiaries.
(c) Financial guarantee contracts
 A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the 
holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtors fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms 
of a debt instrument.
 Financial guarantee contracts are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, financial guarantee contracts 
are measured at the higher of the amount of ECL determined in accordance with the policy set out in Note 2.14 
and the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised over the 
period of the guarantee.
 Derecognition
 A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. On 
derecognition, the difference between the carrying amounts and the consideration paid is recognised in statement of profit 
or loss.
 When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the 
terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition 
of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised 
in the statement of profit or loss.
 Offsetting of financial instruments
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if 
there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net 
basis, to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
2.19 Borrowing costs
 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a 
substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset. 
Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when the Group undertakes activities that are necessary to prepare the 
asset for its intended use or sale and the expenditures and borrowing costs are incurred. Borrowing costs are capitalised 
until the assets are substantially completed for their intended use or sale.
 All other borrowing costs are recognised in statement of profit or loss in the period they are incurred. Borrowing costs 
consist of interest and other costs that the Group and the Company incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
174
Group Overview

---- Page 177 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.20 Employee benefits
(a) Short term benefit
 Wages, salaries and bonuses and social security contributions are recognised as an expense in the year in which the 
associated services are rendered by employees. Short term accumulating compensated absences such as paid annual 
leave are recognised when services are rendered by employees that increase their entitlement to future compensated 
leave. Short term non-accumulating compensated leave such as sick leave are recognised when the absences occur.
(b) Defined contribution plans
 Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group and the Company pay fixed 
contributions into separate entities or funds and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further 
contributions if any of the funds do not hold sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee 
services in the current and preceding financial years.
 Such contributions are recognised as an expense in the statement of profit or loss as incurred. As required by law, 
companies in Malaysia make such contributions to the Employees Provident Fund (“EPF”). Some of the Group’s foreign 
subsidiaries also make contributions to their respective countries’ statutory pension schemes.
(c) Long Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”)
 Eligible executive directors and employees of the Group and of the Company receive remuneration in the form of 
shares as consideration for services rendered, subject to the approval of the BNRC. The cost of these equity-settled 
share-based payment transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value of the shares at the 
date on which the shares are vested. This cost is recognised in profit or loss over the vesting period. The cumulative 
expense recognised at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has 
expired.
(d) Termination benefits
 Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated before the normal retirement date or whenever an 
employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits 
when it is demonstrably committed to either terminate the employment of current employees according to a detailed 
plan without possibility of withdrawal; or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage 
voluntary redundancy.
(e) Executive Share Option Scheme
 ESOS, an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, allows the Company’s eligible executive directors and senior 
management (“Executives”) to acquire ordinary shares of the Company. The total fair value of share options granted 
to Executives of the Company is recognised as an employee cost with a corresponding increase in the ESOS reserve 
within equity.
 The equity amount is recognised in the ESOS reserve until the option is exercised, or until the option expires.
 When the share options are exercised, the ESOS reserve relating to the exercised options is transferred to retained 
earnings. When the share options or share awards are lapsed, the ESOS reserve relating to the lapsed share options 
is transferred to retained earnings.
Annual Report 2024
175
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 178 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.21 Leases
 The Group and the Company assess at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
(a) As lessee
 The Group and the Company apply a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-
term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-
of-use assets as disclosed in Note 2.10 representing the right to use the underlying assets.
(i) Lease liabilities
 At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value 
of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index 
or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include 
the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of 
penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable 
lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred 
to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
 In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease 
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the 
commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced 
for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a 
modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g. changes to future payments 
resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the 
assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
(ii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
 The Group and the Company apply the short-term lease recognition exemption to their short-term leases (i.e. 
those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a 
purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of office 
equipment that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low value 
assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
(b) As lessor
 Leases where the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset are classified as 
operating leases. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of 
the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as lease income.
 When the assets are leased out under an operating lease, the assets are included in the statement of financial position 
based on the nature of the assets. Lease income is recognised over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis.
 Identifying and separating of lease and non-lease components of a contract and allocating contract 
consideration
 For a contract that is, or contains, a lease, an entity shall account for each lease component within the contract as 
a lease separately from non-lease components of the contract.
 When applying MFRS 16, lessors are required to apply of MFRS 15 to allocate the consideration in the contract 
between the lease and non-lease components on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. In addition, lessors are 
required to apply MFRS 15 to allocate any subsequent changes in the consideration of the contract between the 
lease and non-lease components. The stand-alone selling price is the price at which the Group would sell a promised 
good or service separately to a customer. When stand-alone selling prices are not directly observable, the lessor 
must estimate the stand-alone selling price.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
176
Group Overview

---- Page 179 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.22 Revenue
(i) Revenue from contracts with customers
 Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group or the Company expects to be entitled in 
exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer.
 Revenue is recognised when the Group or the Company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised 
good or services to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the good or service. A performance 
obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated 
to the satisfied performance obligation.
(a) Construction contracts
 The Group’s construction contracts include engineering, procurement, construction, installation and 
commissioning services (“EPCIC”), transportation and installation (“T&I”), fabrication and hook-up and 
commissioning works, which may last several years.
 The Group determined that contracts of this nature have generally one performance obligation. In these 
contracts, the final product is highly customised to the specifications of the field and the customer’s requirements 
as the customised products do not have an alternative use. The Group has an enforceable right to payment 
plus reasonable profit for performance completed to date.
 Therefore, the customer obtains control of the asset over time, and thus revenue is recognised over time using 
an input measure (i.e., costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion) to measure progress. 
Under this method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred 
to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated 
fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred.
 Contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. The Group 
considers contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new, or changes the existing, 
enforceable rights and obligations. Most of the Group’s contract modifications are for goods or services that 
are not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integration service provided in the context of 
the contract and are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract.
 The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price and the Group measures of progress for the 
performance obligation to which it relates is recognised as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in 
or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis.
 The transaction prices for the contract with customers may include variable considerations such as change 
orders, claims, performance bonuses, and reduction to transactions prices for liquidated damages. Variable 
considerations in the transaction price are recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant 
reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with 
the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
 Should the customer terminate a contract early, the Group may be entitled to shortfall commitment revenue 
on the contract. The Group recognises shortfall commitment revenue when payment from the customer is 
certain. At the inception of a contract, an estimate for shortfall commitment revenue is not recognised, as the 
Group expects the customer to use its services for the full term of the contract. As a result, determining when 
to recognise shortfall commitment revenue requires judgment to ensure that revenue is recognised when the 
performance obligation has been satisfied and collectability assured.
Annual Report 2024
177
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 180 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.22 Revenue (cont’d.)
(i) Revenue from contracts with customers (cont’d.)
(a) Construction contracts (cont’d.)
 Foreseeable losses for construction contracts
 The requirements of MFRS 137 prescribe that a provision for onerous contract must be calculated on a least 
net cost basis, which includes unavoidable costs only and comparing these costs to the cost of cancelling a 
contract including any termination fees. The policy on provision for onerous contracts is in Note 2.17(a).
 Contracts with significant procurement
 In circumstances where there is significant procurement of materials for that contract, the Group assessed 
whether the procurement of items are specifically designed for the project and if so, would include the costs 
of such materials in the percentage-of-completion calculation. Non-customised procurement are excluded from 
percentage-of-completion calculation.
(b) Revenue from other services
 Revenue from other services includes offshore support, subsea services, geotechnical, maintenance and 
consultation services.
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when or as the Group satisfies a performance obligation 
by transferring services to a customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the services. The Group 
principally satisfies its performance obligations over time.
 The right-to-invoice practical expedient can be applied to a performance obligation satisfied over time by 
recognising revenue in the amount that the Group has a right to invoice the customer, which corresponds 
directly with the value transferred to the customer for the performance completed to date.
 The Group has elected to use the right-to-invoice practical expedient in certain service contracts where the 
Group invoices its customers on a per day basis that directly corresponds with the value received by the 
customer.
 As days are worked on the customer’s contract, the Group satisfies its performance obligation to the customer 
and recognises revenue on a per day basis. When this practical expedient is used, the Group does not estimate 
variable consideration at the inception of the contract to determine the transaction price or for disclosure 
purposes.
(c) Drilling related services
 Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for 
transferring promised goods or services to a customer.
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when or as the Group satisfies a performance obligation 
by transferring goods or services to a customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the goods or 
services. A performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue 
recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation. The Group principally satisfies its 
performance obligations over time.
 Revenue from drilling related services include supply of manpower, mobilisation costs, demobilisation fees and 
performance bonuses.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
178
Group Overview

---- Page 181 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.22 Revenue (cont’d.)
(i) Revenue from contracts with customers (cont’d.)
(c) Drilling related services (cont’d.)
 If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Group estimates the amount of consideration 
to which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods to the customer. The variable consideration 
is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal 
in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable 
consideration is subsequently resolved.
 In relation to mobilisation services, the Group makes payments to vendor or related companies for the 
mobilisation of rigs prior to commencement of drilling services. Mobilisation cost are recognised as contract 
costs capitalised to fulfil a contract, and recognised on a straight-line basis over the period that the related 
drilling services are performed. Correspondingly, mobilisation fees are deferred and recognised on a straight-line 
basis over the period that the related drilling services are performed.
 Demobilisation fees are recognised as and when the services are rendered, or at a point when it becomes known 
and certain that demobilisation fee can be charged to the customer.
 The right-to-invoice practical expedient can be applied to a performance obligation satisfied over time by 
recognising revenue in the amount that the Group has a right to invoice the customer for, which corresponds 
directly with the value transferred to the customer for the performance completed to date.
 The Group has elected to use the right-to-invoice practical expedient in certain service contracts where the 
Group invoices its customers on a per day basis that directly corresponds with the value received by the 
customer. As days are worked on the customer’s contract, the Group satisfies its performance obligation to the 
customer and recognises revenue on a per day basis. When this practical expedient is used, the Group does 
not estimate variable consideration at the inception of the contract to determine the transaction price or for 
disclosure purposes.
(d) Contract balances
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, costs and 
estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts (contract assets), and billings in excess of 
costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts (contract liabilities) on the consolidated statements of 
financial position.
 A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer. If 
the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or 
before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional.
 A receivable represents the Group’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the 
passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due). Refer to the accounting policies on 
financial assets in Note 2.13.
 A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received 
consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration before 
the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is 
made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group 
performs the obligation under the contract.
Annual Report 2024
179
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 182 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.22 Revenue (cont’d.)
(ii) Other revenue
(a) Leases
 Lease income is recognised over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis.
(b) Interest income
 Interest income is recognised on the accrual basis using the effective interest method.
(c) Dividend income
 Dividend income is recognised when the Group’s or the Company’s right to receive payment is established.
2.23 Income taxes
(a) Current tax
 Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation 
authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date in the countries where the Group and the Company operates and generates taxable 
income.
 Current taxes are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognised outside 
statement of profit or loss, either in OCI or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in 
the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and 
establishes provisions where appropriate.
(b) Deferred tax
 Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and 
liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.
 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences, except:
– where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction 
that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor 
taxable profit or loss; and
– in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in 
joint arrangements, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is 
probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
 Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits 
and any unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the 
deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised 
except:
– where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of 
an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects 
neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
– in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests 
in joint arrangements, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary 
differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary 
differences can be utilised.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
180
Group Overview

---- Page 183 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.23 Income taxes (cont’d.)
(b) Deferred tax (cont’d.)
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is 
no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be 
utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that 
it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax assets to be utilised.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset 
is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted 
at the reporting date.
 Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside statement of profit or loss is recognised outside statement of profit 
or loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in 
equity and deferred tax arising from a business combination is adjusted against goodwill on acquisition.
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax 
assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation 
authority.
2.24 Segment reporting
 Segment reporting in the financial statements is presented on the same basis as that used by management internally for 
evaluating operating segment performance and in deciding on the allocation of resources to each operating segment. 
Operating segments are distinguishable components of the Group that engage in business activities from which they may 
earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group’s 
other components. An operating segment’s results are reviewed regularly by the chief operating decision-maker to decide 
on the allocation of resources to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is 
available.
 Segment revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are those amounts resulting from operating activities of a segment that 
are directly attributable to the segment and a relevant portion that can be reasonably allocated to the segment.
 Segment revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are determined before intra-group balances and intra-group transactions 
are eliminated as part of the consolidation process, except to the extent that such intra-group balances and transactions 
are between group entities within a single segment.
2.25 Share capital
 An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group and the Company after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Ordinary shares are equity instruments.
 Ordinary shares are recorded at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable incremental transaction costs. Ordinary 
shares are classified as equity. Dividends on ordinary shares are recognised in equity in the period in which they are 
declared.
2.26 Shares held under trust
 When shares of the Company, that have not been cancelled, recognised as equity are purchased by the Company, the 
amount of consideration paid is recognised directly in equity. Purchased shares are classified as shares held under trust 
and presented as a deduction from total equity.
 Shares transferred to the recipient under the LTIP scheme is measured at the weighted average cost of the shares on the 
date of transfer. The difference between the weighted average cost and the fair value of the shares transferred is recognised 
in equity.
Annual Report 2024
181
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 184 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.27 Warrants
 Warrants are classified as equity instrument and the value is allocated based on the closing price of the first trading day, 
if the warrant is listed, or estimated using option pricing models, if the warrant is not listed, and recognised in the warrant 
reserves.
 The issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is treated as new subscription of ordinary shares for the 
consideration equivalent to the exercise price of the warrants.
2.28 Contingencies
 A contingent liability or asset is a possible obligation or asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be 
confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of uncertain future event(s) not wholly within the control of the 
Group or of the Company.
 Contingent liabilities and assets are not recognised in the statements of financial position of the Group and of the 
Company.
2.29 Current and non-current classification
 The Group and the Company present assets and liabilities in statements of financial position based on current and non-
current classification.
 An asset is classified as current when it is:
i) Expected to be realised or intended to sold or consumed in normal operating cycle;
ii) Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
iii) Expected to be realised within 12 months after the reporting period; or
iv) Cash and cash equivalents unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least 12 months 
after the reporting period.
 All other assets are classified as non-current.
 A liability is classified as current when:
i) It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle;
ii) It is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
iii) It is due to be settled within 12 months after reporting period; or
iv) There is unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.
 All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities respectively.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
182
Group Overview

---- Page 185 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.30 Fair value measurement
 Fair value is measured at each reporting date.
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction 
to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
a) In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
b) In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
 The principal market or the most advantageous market must be accessible to the Group and the Company.
 The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
 A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the 
asset in its highest and best use.
 The Group and the Company use valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient 
data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of 
unobservable inputs.
 All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the 
fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement 
as a whole:
a) Level 1 – Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
b) Level 2 –  Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable.
c) Level 3 –  Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable.
 For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group and 
the Company determine whether transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation 
(based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting 
period.
 The Group’s management determines the policies and procedures for both recurring fair value measurement and for non-
recurring measurement.
 At each reporting date, the management analyses the movements in the values of assets and liabilities which are required 
to be re-measured or re-assessed as per the Group’s accounting policies. For this analysis, the management verifies the 
major inputs applied in the latest valuation by agreeing the information in the valuation computation to contracts and 
other relevant documents.
 For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group and the Company have determined classes of assets and liabilities on 
the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained 
above.
Annual Report 2024
183
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 186 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.31 Non-current assets held for sale
 The Group classifies non-current assets as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally through a 
sale transaction rather than through continuing use. Non-current assets classified as held for sale are measured at the 
lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Costs to sell are the incremental costs directly attributable 
to the disposal of an asset, excluding finance costs and income tax expense.
 The criteria for held for sale classification is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable, and the asset or 
disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Actions required to complete the sale should indicate 
that it is unlikely that significant changes to the sale will be made or that the decision to sell will be withdrawn. 
Management must be committed to the plan to sell the asset and the sale expected to be completed within one year 
from the date of the classification.
 Property, plant and equipment are not depreciated or amortised once classified as held for sale.
 Assets classified as held for sale are presented separately as current items in the statement of financial position.
2.32 Significant accounting judgements and estimates
 The preparation of the Group’s and the Company’s financial statements require management to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure 
of contingent liabilities at the reporting date. However, uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in 
outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in the future.
(a) Judgements made in applying accounting policies
 In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart 
from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial 
statements.
 The Group and the Company make estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting 
estimates will, by definition, rarely equal the related actual results. To enhance the information content of the 
estimates, certain key variables that are anticipated to have material impact on the Group’s and the Company’s results 
and financial position are tested for sensitivity to changes in the underlying parameters. The estimates and assumptions 
that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within 
the next financial year are outlined below:
 Treatment of contract variation
 In relation to liquidated damages, significant judgements are involved on the amounts to be accounted in the 
transaction price. Historical track record shown that in majority cases in which the Group had potential exposure for 
liquidated damages, such damages were eventually not asserted by the customers. Management considers, on a 
case-by-case basis, all corroborative and contrary evidence (including industry practice, customer behaviour, 
precedence and project progress) in making the judgement on the timing and amounts of liquidated damages which 
would reduce or increase the transaction price. The complexity of estimation process, risks and uncertainties will 
affect the amounts reported in the financial statements.
 While management concluded that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue 
recognised will not occur when the uncertainty subsequently resolved based on best available information, depending 
on the outcome of negotiations with customers, this could result in reduction or increase in attributable profits or 
losses is still possible.
 Management is of the opinion that the contract variations recognised in the financial statements represents the best 
estimate, with justifiable grounds and favourable progress of discussions with the customers.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
184
Group Overview

---- Page 187 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.32 Significant accounting judgements and estimates (cont’d.)
(b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty
 The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the statement of 
financial position date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below:
(i) Impairment
(a) Goodwill
 The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation 
of the value-in-use of the CGU to which goodwill is allocated.
 Estimating a value-in-use amount requires management to make an estimate of the expected future cash 
flows from the CGU and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of 
those cash flows. Further details are disclosed in Note 14.
(b) Property, plant and equipment
 Impairment test has been carried out based on variety of estimations, including value-in-use of the CGU 
of which the specific property, plant and equipment is allocated or fair value less costs of disposal. 
Estimating the value-in-use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows and 
also to determine the appropriate discount rate to calculate the present value of those cash flows.
 The future cash flows are subject to change as new information become available and the changes may 
eventually affect the statement of profit or loss through impairment charges or reversal of impairment.
 In establishing the recoverable amount that is based on fair value less costs of disposal, the Group engaged 
independent external valuers to assess the fair value of the property, plant and equipment, adjusted for the 
condition of the specific assets. External valuers are involved for valuation of significant assets. Selection 
criteria of external valuers include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional 
standards are maintained.
 The management decides, after discussions with the Group’s and the Company’s external valuers, which 
valuation techniques and inputs to use for each case. Further details are disclosed in Note 13.
(ii) Construction contracts
 Where the performance obligations are satisfied over time, the Group recognises contract revenue in statement 
of profit or loss by using the input method which is based on cost incurred to-date relative to the total expected 
cost to the satisfaction of that performance obligation.
 Significant estimate is required in determining the extent of the contract costs incurred, the estimated total 
contract revenue and costs, the recoverability of the contract costs as well as assessing potential deductions to 
revenue due to delays in delivery or other contractual penalties. In making these estimates, the Group evaluates 
based on past experience and historical information. Further details are disclosed in Note 22 and Note 23.
Annual Report 2024
185
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 188 ----
2. SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT’D.)
2.32 Significant accounting judgements and estimates (cont’d.)
(b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty (cont’d.)
(iii) Allowance for expected credit losses of receivables and contract assets
 For major oil and gas customers and national oil companies, the Group undertakes a specific review of the 
receivables and contract assets through an analysis of the customer’s credit risk and the ageing of the receivable 
balances. Further details of how the credit risk is determined and managed is described in Note 40(d).
 The information about the provision for impairment on the Group’s receivables is disclosed in Note 22 and Note 
23.
(iv) Provision for other liabilities
 The Group received several claims from clients, as disclosed in Note 38 (c), 46 (d), 46 (e) and 46 (f) to the 
financial statements. Significant judgement is required in determining the potential liabilities arising from these 
litigations. The Group has taken into consideration various factors including relevant legal and contractual 
agreements, past historical outcomes, consultation with external legal counsels, and other available information 
in order to determine whether it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation 
and a reliable estimate of the amount can be made.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
186
Group Overview

---- Page 189 ----
3. REVENUE
 Disaggregation of revenue
 The Group disaggregates revenue by type of services, geographic location and timing of transfer of services.
3.1 Type of services
 The following tables represent revenue by type of services:
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
(i) Revenue from contracts with customers:
Engineering and Construction
Construction contracts 2,256,944 2,167,932
Offshore support and subsea services 250,174 513,715
Operations and Maintenance
Construction contracts 345,432 266,225
Geotechnical, maintenance and consultation services 108,113 91,053
Drilling
Drilling related services 724,190 1,010,510
3,684,853 4,049,435
(ii) Lease:
Drilling
Charter of rigs 512,141 363,595
Engineering and Construction
Charter of vessels and other assets 121,500 138,224
633,641 501,819
4,318,494 4,551,254
Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Revenue from contracts with customers:
Management fees from subsidiaries 59,350 101,305
Annual Report 2024
187
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 190 ----
3. REVENUE (CONT’D.)
3.2 Geographic location
 The following tables represent revenue by geographic location:
Group
Engineering
and
Construction
RM’000
Operations
and 
Maintenance
RM’000
Drilling
RM’000
Total
RM’000
31 January 2024
Malaysia 475,467 409,162 497,028 1,381,657
Asia* 845,071 44,383 528,253 1,417,707
Africa 745,030 – 211,050 956,080
Australia 322,724 – – 322,724
Americas 143,140 – – 143,140
Middle East 73,576 – – 73,576
Others 23,610 – – 23,610
Total revenue 2,628,618 453,545 1,236,331 4,318,494
31 January 2023
Malaysia 1,049,149 357,278 615,077 2,021,504
Asia* 720,000 – 458,230 1,178,230
Australia 435,076 – – 435,076
Americas 399,486 – – 399,486
Africa 76,707 – 300,798 377,505
Middle East 7,408 – – 7,408
Others 132,045 – – 132,045
Total revenue 2,819,871 357,278 1,374,105 4,551,254
* Excluding Malaysia and Middle East
3.3 Timing of transfer of services
 The Group recognises its revenue from contracts with customers predominantly over time.
3.4 Transaction price allocated to the remaining unsatisfied performance obligations
 Remaining unsatisfied performance obligations (“RUPO”) represent the transaction price for goods and services for which 
the Group has a material right but work has not been performed. Transaction price of the RUPO includes the base 
transaction price, variable consideration and changes in transaction price. As a practical expedient, the RUPO does not 
include contracts for which the Group has recognised revenue at the amount to which the Group has the right to invoice 
for services performed or the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one 
year or less.
 As of 31 January 2024, the aggregate amounts of the transaction price allocated to the remaining unsatisfied performance 
obligations of the Group is RM3,226.2 million (2023: RM3,067.9 million). The Group is expecting to recognise the revenue 
over the next 2-4 years.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
188
Group Overview

---- Page 191 ----
4. COST OF SALES
 Cost of sales comprise costs related to construction contracts, geotechnical, maintenance services and related drilling services 
and other services recognised.
5. OTHER INCOME
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Interest income:
– third parties 12,234 4,170 – –
– joint ventures 6,189 9,865 – –
– subsidiaries – – 15,642 11,181
Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 98 8,670 – –
Foreign exchange differences:
– net realised exchange gain 47,690 – 4,551 –
– net unrealised exchange gain 449,108 40,072 46,911 5,275
Net gain on disposal of scrap materials materials 1,773 – – –
Technical and management fees charged to joint ventures 18,281 5,401 – –
Miscellaneous income* 20,349 127,096 9,452 9,055
555,722 195,274 76,556 25,511
*In the previous financial year, included in the miscellaneous income of the Group were settlement income amounting RM54.7 million and liquidation gain 
amounting RM45.8 million from loss of control of a subsidiary.
6. PROVISION FOR IMPAIRMENT
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Provision for impairment:
– property, plant and equipment (Note 13) 25,825 1,156,501 – –
– goodwill (Note 14) – 1,463,671 – –
– investment in subsidiaries (Note 15) – – 4,983 3,248,798
25,825 2,620,172 4,983 3,248,798
Annual Report 2024
189
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 192 ----
7. FINANCE COSTS
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Interest expense on borrowings 302,031 217,307 – –
Profit sharing on Islamic financing 496,105 403,162 – –
Interest on lease liabilities (Note 35) 1,979 2,362 907 1,141
Interest expense on amount due to a subsidiary – – 303,086 250,227
800,115 622,831 303,993 251,368
8. LOSS BEFORE TAXATION
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
This is arrived at after charging/(crediting):
Employee benefits expense (Note 9) 1,180,463 1,106,546 65,446 61,838
Non-executive directors’ remuneration (Note 10) 2,486 3,147 2,486 3,147
Auditors’ remuneration:
– Statutory audits: Group auditors 4,570 4,062 533 430
– Other services: Group auditors 1,181 1,505 778 788
– Corporate exercise: Group auditors 1,626 – 1,626 –
Charter of vessels, barges and rigs and hire of equipment * 321,506 310,588 – –
Foreign exchange differences:
– net realised exchange loss – 37,337 – 513
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 13) 406,735 544,364 19,847 18,693
Property, plant and equipment written off (Note 13) 163 334 – –
Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 14) 4,240 4,402 – –
Inventories written down (Note 20) – 51,180 – –
Rental of premises * 16,590 5,142 – 695
Allowance for/(reversal of) for expected credit losses:
– amounts due from subsidiaries (Note 21) – – 65,551 153,464
– trade and other receivables (Note 22) 3,873 123,101 384 (377)
Net changes in provisions ^ (Note 34) 625,513 274,076 – (44,700)
* As allowed under MFRS 16, the Group and the Company had elected not to recognise the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in relation to short-term 
leases.
^ In the previous financial year, reversal of provision relates to the mutual termination of the previous breach of a tenancy agreement, as disclosed in Note 
34.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
190
Group Overview

---- Page 193 ----
9. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Wages and salaries 1,005,619 961,614 58,259 56,344
Social security contributions 18,606 14,146 168 80
Contributions to defined contribution plan 41,333 41,282 4,160 2,827
Other benefits 114,905 89,504 2,859 2,587
1,180,463 1,106,546 65,446 61,838
 Included in employee benefits expense of the Group and of the Company are executive directors’ remuneration as disclosed in 
Note 10.
10. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
Group and Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Directors of the Company
Executive:
Salaries 1,948 1,476
Defined contribution plan 269 178
Bonus 288 –
Benefits-in-kind 26 9
2,531 1,663
Non-Executive:
Fees 1,876 2,750
Other emoluments 610 397
Total remuneration (Note 8) 2,486 3,147
Benefits-in-kind 5 8
2,491 3,155
5,022 4,818
Analysis excluding benefits-in-kind:
Total executive directors’ remuneration 2,505 1,654
Total non-executive directors’ remuneration 2,486 3,147
Total directors’ remuneration 4,991 4,801
 No ESOS has been exercised by the directors in the current and previous financial year.
Annual Report 2024
191
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 194 ----
11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Income tax:
Malaysian income tax 51,844 52,192 – 1,102
Foreign tax 50,306 70,212 – –
102,150 122,404 – 1,102
(Over)/under provision in prior years:
Malaysian income tax (3,166) 4,688 446 (584)
Foreign tax (2,843) (14,427) – –
(6,009) (9,739) 446 (584)
96,141 112,665 446 518
Deferred tax (Note 18):
Relating to origination of temporary differences (559) (34,123) – –
Under/(over) provision in prior years 10,276 (6,572) – –
9,717 (40,695) – –
Total income tax expense 105,858 71,970 446 518
 Domestic income tax is calculated at the Malaysian statutory tax rate of 24% (2023: 24%) of the estimated assessable profit for 
the year.
 Taxation for other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the respective jurisdictions.
 A reconciliation of income tax expense applicable to loss before taxation at the statutory income tax rate expense to income 
tax expense, at the effective income tax rates of the Group and of the Company are as follows:
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Loss before taxation (412,842) (3,103,557) (429,559) (3,669,187)
Taxation at Malaysian statutory tax rate of 24% (2023: 24%) (99,082) (744,854) (103,094) (880,605)
Effect of different tax rates in other countries and 
jurisdictions 194,126 409,885 – –
Effect of income not subject to tax (337,048) (196,011) (17,255) (13,575)
Effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes 391,803 482,164 107,360 893,773
Effect of share of results of associates and joint ventures 80,980 61,691 – –
Effect of utilisation of previously unrecognised deferred tax (166,254) (27,224) – (26)
Deferred tax assets not recognised during the year 37,066 102,630 12,989 1,535
(Over)/under provision of income tax in prior years (6,009) (9,739) 446 (584)
Under/(over) provision of deferred tax in prior years 10,276 (6,572) – –
Total income tax expense for the year 105,858 71,970 446 518
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
192
Group Overview

---- Page 195 ----
12. LOSS PER SHARE
 Basic/diluted loss per share are calculated by dividing loss for the year attributable to owners of the Parent by the weighted 
average number of ordinary shares in issue during the financial year is as follows:
Group
2024 2023
In respect of financial year:
Loss for the year attributable to owners of the Parent (RM’000) (508,658) (3,157,680)
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (‘000) *
– Basic/Diluted* 16,024,318 15,979,080
Loss per share from continuing operations (sen)
– Basic/Diluted* (3.17) (19.76)
* Warrants of 998,692,020 units as well as 691,938,153 and 586,388,264 options under the ESOS granted have not been included in the calculation of diluted 
earnings per share because they are anti-dilutive.
Annual Report 2024
193
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 196 ----
13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Group
Freehold
land
RM’000
Buildings
and
structures
RM’000
Vessels and
related dry
docking,
ROVs, and
SAT system
RM’000
Tender
assisted
drilling rigs
and related
dry docking
 RM’000
Plant and
machinery,
tools and
implements
RM’000
Equipment,
furniture
and motor
vehicles
RM’000
Assets
under
construction
RM’000
Right-of-
use assets*
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 31 January 2024
Cost
At 1 February 2023 4,520 447,943 5,002,811 9,499,051 744,504 347,685 1,397,567 212,683 17,656,764
Additions – 20 38,865 105,367 19,290 9,228 35,334 17,315 225,419
Disposals – – – – (100) (374) – – (474)
Write-off – (1,295) – – (192) – (163) – (1,650)
Reclassification – (260) 25,599 – 7,770 – (33,109) – –
Transfer to assets held for 
sale (Note 25) – – (84,285) – – – – – (84,285)
Exchange differences – – 411,962 1,082,060 8,230 6,813 3,171 4,178 1,516,414
At 31 January 2024 4,520 446,408 5,394,952 10,686,478 779,502 363,352 1,402,800 234,176 19,312,188
Accumulated depreciation 
and impairment
At 1 February 2023 – 121,102 2,519,212 7,512,704 642,247 327,328 1,370,092 84,559 12,577,244
Depreciation charge for the 
year (Note 8) – 8,219 161,932 172,829 23,240 14,071 389 26,055 406,735
Impairment (Note 6) – – 25,819 – – 6 – – 25,825
Disposals – – – – (15) (374) – – (389)
Write-off – – – – (192) – – – (192)
Reclassification – (4,505) (448) – 4,953 – – – –
Transfer to assets held for 
sale (Note 25) – – (77,838) – – – – – (77,838)
Exchange differences – 469 177,176 851,583 7,593 6,637 164 (10,833) 1,032,789
At 31 January 2024 – 125,285 2,805,853 8,537,116 677,826 347,668 1,370,645 99,781 13,964,174
Net carrying amount
At 31 January 2024 4,520 321,123 2,589,099 2,149,362 101,676 15,684 32,155 134,395 5,348,014
* Represents leasehold land and buildings.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
194
Group Overview

---- Page 197 ----
13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT’D.) 
Group
Freehold
land
RM’000
Buildings
and
structures
RM’000
Vessels and
related dry
docking,
ROVs, and
SAT system
RM’000
Tender
assisted
drilling rigs
and related
dry docking
 RM’000
Plant and
machinery,
tools and
implements
RM’000
Equipment,
furniture
and motor
vehicles
RM’000
Assets
under
construction
RM’000
Right-of-
use assets*
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 31 January 2023
Cost
At 1 February 2022 4,520 439,760 4,966,718 11,680,900 717,168 342,962 1,380,132 197,442 19,729,602
Additions^ – 1,632 26,497 149,621 3,435 6,694 14,912 46,346 249,137
Disposals~ – – – (2,528,408) (2,037) (1,017) – – (2,531,462)
Write-off – – – – – (326) (8) – (334)
Reclassification – 2,401 – – 13,136 – (15,537) (29,428) (29,428)
Exchange differences – 4,150 9,596 196,938 12,802 (628) 18,068 (1,677) 239,249
At 31 January 2023 4,520 447,943 5,002,811 9,499,051 744,504 347,685 1,397,567 212,683 17,656,764
Accumulated depreciation 
and impairment
At 1 February 2022 – 107,058 2,399,542 8,424,379 628,126 312,350 1,368,524 52,590 13,292,569
Depreciation charge for the 
year (Note 8) – 11,727 126,626 337,808 26,446 16,824 374 24,559 544,364
Impairment (Note 6) – – – 1,156,355 – 146 – – 1,156,501
Disposals~ – – – (2,500,084) (2,037) (1,021) – – (2,503,142)
Exchange differences – 2,317 (6,956) 94,246 (10,288) (971) 1,194 7,410 86,952
At 31 January 2023 – 121,102 2,519,212 7,512,704 642,247 327,328 1,370,092 84,559 12,577,244
Net carrying amount
At 31 January 2023 4,520 326,841 2,483,599 1,986,347 102,257 20,357 27,475 128,124 5,079,520
* Represents leasehold land and buildings.
^ Additions consist of cash additions of RM201.9 million and accruals of RM0.8 million.
~ Disposals consist of Sapura T-19, Sapura T-20 and Sapura Setia.
Annual Report 2024
195
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 198 ----
13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT’D.)
Company
Equipment,
furniture
and motor
vehicles
RM’000
Right-of-use
assets*
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 31 January 2024
Cost
At 1 February 2023 124,390 37,091 161,481
Additions 3,928 – 3,928
At 31 January 2024 128,318 37,091 165,409
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 February 2023 115,388 10,303 125,691
Charge for the year (Note 8) 7,483 12,364 19,847
At 31 January 2024 122,871 22,667 145,538
Net carrying amount
At 31 January 2024 5,447 14,424 19,871
At 31 January 2023
Cost
At 1 February 2022 119,393 – 119,393
Additions 5,157 37,091 42,248
Adjustment during the year (160) – (160)
At 31 January 2023 124,390 37,091 161,481
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 February 2022 107,191 – 107,191
Charge for the year (Note 8) 8,390 10,303 18,693
Adjustment during the year (193) – (193)
At 31 January 2023 115,388 10,303 125,691
Net carrying amount
At 31 January 2023 9,002 26,788 35,790
* Represents leasehold buildings.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
196
Group Overview

---- Page 199 ----
13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT’D.)
(a) The Group has estimated the recoverable amount of its property, plant and equipment that are subject to impairment 
assessment during the financial year. The assessment has led to the recognition of impairment of RM25.8 million (2023: 
RM1,156.5 million) as disclosed in Note 6.
 Included in the current year total impairments are impairment loss of RM25.8 million (2023: nil) on two vessels, with 
recoverable amounts of RM37.2 million. The recoverable amounts were determined based on fair value less cost of disposal. 
The fair values were based on valuations performed by an independent valuer, based on comparable vessels adjusted for 
the current condition of the assets. The fair value measurement was derived based on level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
Further details of fair value hierarchy are disclosed in Note 2.30.
 In the previous financial year, the Group recognised impairment loss of RM1,156.5 million on 10 drilling rigs, with a 
recoverable amount of RM1,848.7 million, based on value in-use. In determining the value-in-use of these assets, the future 
cash flows are discounted at a pre-tax rate of 13.23% (2023: 12.68%).
(b) Included in the Group’s accumulated depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment are accumulated 
impairment losses carried forward of RM8,170.8 million (2023: RM8,145.0 million).
14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Group
Software
development
costs
RM’000
Other
development
costs
RM’000
Goodwill
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 31 January 2024
Cost
At 1 February 2023 41,778 26,251 8,213,156 8,281,185
Exchange differences 3,367 3,273 – 6,640
At 31 January 2024 45,145 29,524 8,213,156 8,287,825
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
At 1 February 2023 39,726 21,342 7,974,049 8,035,117
Charge for the year (Note 8) 1,615 2,625 – 4,240
Exchange differences 3,255 2,722 – 5,977
At 31 January 2024 44,596 26,689 7,974,049 8,045,334
Net carrying amount
At 31 January 2024 549 2,835 239,107 242,491
Annual Report 2024
197
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 200 ----
14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONT’D.)
Group
Software
development
costs
RM’000
Other
development
costs
RM’000
Goodwill
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 31 January 2023
Cost
At 1 February 2022 38,427 26,010 8,187,152 8,251,589
Additions 3,263 – – 3,263
Exchange differences 88 241 26,004 26,333
At 31 January 2023 41,778 26,251 8,213,156 8,281,185
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
At 1 February 2022 37,720 18,458 6,490,035 6,546,213
Charge for the year (Note 8) 1,555 2,847 – 4,402
Impairment (Note 6) – – 1,463,671 1,463,671
Exchange differences 451 37 20,343 20,831
At 31 January 2023 39,726 21,342 7,974,049 8,035,117
Net carrying amount
At 31 January 2023 2,052 4,909 239,107 246,068
 Included in the Group’s intangible assets are accumulated impairment of RM7,095.4 million (2023: RM7,095.4 million).
 Impairment tests for goodwill
 Goodwill of RM239.1 million (2023: RM239.1 million) relates to E&C CGU and there was no impairment made in E&C CGU during 
the financial year.
 In the previous financial year, the Group recognised an impairment loss on goodwill in E&C of RM1,061.4 million and a full 
impairment loss on goodwill in Drilling of RM402.3 million.
 Key assumptions used in value-in-use calculations
 The recoverable amount of E&C CGU have been determined based on a 10-year period, representing the foreseeable period 
based on the cyclical nature of the industry.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
198
Group Overview

---- Page 201 ----
14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONT’D.)
 Key assumptions used in value-in-use calculations (cont’d.)
 The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment 
testing of goodwill:
(i) Revenue projection
 Management has taken into consideration the order book, the likelihood of securing work within the bid book and 
expectations of the future revenue growth in determining the revenue projection for E&C CGU.
(ii) Margin forecast
 Gross margins are based on margin forecast of the order book, customer contract, management’s expectation and past 
experience for new work. Impact of expected prolonged recovery to the industry has been considered.
(iii) Discount rate
 The discount rate reflect specific risks relating to the relevant CGU. The pre-tax discount rate used by E&C is 15.79% (2023: 
15.47%). In the previous financial year’s impairment testing for Drilling, the pre-tax discount rate used was 12.68%.
(iv) Terminal growth rate
 Cash flow beyond the terminal period is extrapolated using the growth rate of 3.0% (2023: 3.0%) for E&C. In the previous 
financial year’s impairment testing for Drilling, 3.0% terminal growth rate was used.
15. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Unquoted shares, at cost 11,392,708 11,393,077
Capitalisation of amounts due from subsidiaries 6,325,856 6,325,856
Total 17,718,564 17,718,933
Less: Accumulated impairment losses (15,970,068) (15,965,454)
1,748,496 1,753,479
 The details of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 44.
(a) The capitalisation of amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, non-interest bearing and treated as deemed investment.
(b) The Company write-off RM0.3 million investment in a subsidiary that has been dissolved and fully impaired since the previous 
reporting date.
(c) As at 31 January 2024, certain subsidiaries have reported continuing operating losses and/or depleting shareholders’ funds. 
These are indicators that the investment in these subsidiaries may be impaired. This resulted in impairment losses on its 
investment in subsidiaries of RM4.9 million (2023: RM3,248.8 million).
Annual Report 2024
199
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 202 ----
16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Unquoted shares, at cost 2,265,501 2,265,501
Share of post-acquisition reserves (386,647) (571,297)
1,878,854 1,694,204
(i) Details of the associates are as follows:
Name of Company
Country of
Incorporation Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(a) Held through SapuraCrest Ventures Sdn. Bhd.
Labuan Shipyard & Engineering 
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Shipbuilding, ship repair, naval craft 
maintenance and oil and gas 
fabrication
50 50
(b) Held through Sapura Upstream Assets Sdn. Bhd.
SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn. Bhd. 
and its subsidiaries
Malaysia Investment holding, exploration, 
development and production of 
crude, oil and natural gas
50 50
(c) Held through Sapura Engineering Sdn. Bhd.
Matrix Maintenance Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Maintenance contractors for petrol 
chemical plants and general 
industries
30 30
(d) Held through Sapura Technology Solutions Sdn. Bhd.
Geowell Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Wireline and well completion 
services
30 30
Subang Properties Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 36.2 36.2
 The financial statements of the associates that are not coterminous with those of the Company are as follows:
Financial year end
(i) Labuan Shipyard & Engineering Sdn. Bhd. 31 December
(ii) SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn. Bhd. 31 December
(iii) Matrix Maintenance Sdn. Bhd. 31 December
(iv) Geowell Sdn. Bhd. 31 December
 For the purpose of applying the equity method of accounting, the 12 months ended 31 January 2024 management accounts 
have been used.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
200
Group Overview

---- Page 203 ----
16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONT’D.)
(ii) Information relating to the associates:
 Summarised financial information of the Group’s material associates comprising SapuraOMV Upstream and its subsidiaries 
(“SapuraOMV Group”) is set out below.
(a) Summarised statement of financial position and reconciliation to the carrying amount of the Group’s interest in material 
associates:
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 436,746 528,759
Other current assets 917,786 778,292
Total current assets 1,354,532 1,307,051
Non-current assets
Other non-current assets 7,085,234 6,167,648
Total assets 8,439,766 7,474,699
Current liabilities
Other current liabilities 1,268,309 1,108,600
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings 1,656,025 1,480,325
Other non-current liabilities 1,798,433 1,559,302
Total non-current liabilities 3,454,458 3,039,627
Total liabilities 4,722,767 4,148,227
Net assets 3,716,999 3,326,472
Interest in associates 50% 50%
Carrying value of interest in the associates 1,858,500 1,663,236
 During the financial year, SapuraOMV Group issued a corporate guarantee in favour of National Hydrocarbons 
Commission of Mexico for an amount up to USD750.0 million (equivalent to approximately RM3,548.6 million).
Annual Report 2024
201
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 204 ----
16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONT’D.)
(ii) Information relating to the associates (cont’d.):
(b) Summarised statement of comprehensive income:
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Revenue 1,356,247 1,501,488
Operating expenses (800,175) (529,586)
Depletion, depreciation and amortisation (264,313) (416,031)
Provision for impairment – (1,008,823)
Interest income 14,130 831
Interest expense (150,918) (84,512)
Profit/(loss) before tax 154,971 (536,633)
Income tax expense (159,133) (216,349)
Loss after tax (4,162) (752,982)
Other comprehensive income 394,689 67,132
Total comprehensive income/(loss) 390,527 (685,850)
(c) Aggregate information of other associates that are not individually material:
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Carrying value of interest in associates 20,354 30,968
Share of (loss)/profit before tax (10,614) 1,407
Share of total comprehensive (loss)/income (10,614) 1,407
17. INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Unquoted shares, at cost 192,531 192,531
Share of post-acquisition reserves 2,440,772 1,961,945
2,633,303 2,154,476
Shareholders’ advances to joint ventures* 106,930 289,538
2,740,233 2,444,014
* The shareholders’ advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and treated as deemed investment.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
202
Group Overview

---- Page 205 ----
17. INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES (CONT’D.)
(i) Details of the joint ventures are as follows:
Name of Company Country of
Incorporation
Principal Activities Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(a) Held through Sapura Nautical Essence Sdn. Bhd.
SapuraAcergy Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 50 50
SapuraAcergy Assets Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Dormant 49 49
(b) Held through Sapura Nautical Power Pte. Ltd.
L&T Sapura Shipping Private Limited India Vessel owner and chartering 40 40
*L&T Sapura Offshore Private Limited India Provision of engineering and 
installation services
– 40
(c) Held through Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd.
Seabras Sapura Participações S.A. Brazil Investment holding 50 50
Seabras Sapura Holding, GmbH Austria Investment holding 50 50
(d) Held through Seabras Sapura Participações S.A.
Sapura Navegação Maritima S.A. Brazil Vessel owner and chartering 50 50
(e) Held through Seabras Sapura Holding, GmbH
Seabras Sapura PLSV Holding, GmbH Austria Investment holding 50 50
(f) Held through Seabras Sapura PLSV Holding, GmbH
Seabras Sapura Holdco Ltd. Bermuda Investment holding 50 50
Sapura Diamante GmbH Austria Vessel owner and chartering 50 50
Sapura Topazio GmbH Austria Vessel owner and chartering 50 50
Sapura Onix GmbH Austria Vessel owner and chartering 50 50
Sapura Jade GmbH Austria Vessel owner and chartering 50 50
Sapura Rubi GmbH Austria Vessel owner and chartering 50 50
* Disposed on 27 December 2023
Annual Report 2024
203
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 206 ----
17. INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the joint ventures are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Company Country of
Incorporation
Principal Activities Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(g) Held through Seabras Sapura Holdco Ltd.
Seabras Sapura Talent Ltd. Bermuda Provision for manpower 
services
50 50
TL Offshore PLSV1 Ltd. Bermuda Dormant 50 50
TL Offshore PLSV2 Ltd. Bermuda Dormant 50 50
TL Offshore PLSV3 Ltd. Bermuda Dormant 50 50
TL Offshore PLSV4 Ltd. Bermuda Dormant 50 50
TL Offshore PLSV5 Ltd. Bermuda Dormant 50 50
(h) Held through Sapura Navegação Maritima S.A.
Let’s Log Serviços Intergrados de 
Logística Ltda.
Brazil Management of general 
warehouses and deposits
50 50
(i) Held through Sapura Energy Ghana Limited
Intesoll Sapura Offshore Limited Ghana Offshore engineering services 49 49
(j) Held through Sapura Services Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Baker Hughes TPS Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of repair and 
maintenance services and 
sales of parts to the energy 
sector
51 51
(k) Held through Sapura Saudi Arabia Company
Rawabi Sapura Limited Company Saudi Arabia Dormant 50 50
(l) Held through Sinar E&C Sdn. Bhd.
*Kitar Decommissioning Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia To perform offshore oil and gas 
decommissioning, dismantling 
and recycling
50 –
* Incorporated on 19 December 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
204
Group Overview

---- Page 207 ----
17. INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the joint ventures are as follows (cont’d.):
The annual financial statements of the joint ventures that are not coterminous with those of the Company are as follows:
Financial year end
(i) L&T Sapura Shipping Private Limited 31 March
(ii) Seabras Sapura Holding, GmbH 31 December
(iii) Seabras Sapura Participações S.A. 31 December
(iv) Seabras Sapura Talent Ltd. 31 December
(v) Sapura Navegação Maritima S.A. 31 December
(vi) Seabras Sapura PLSV Holding GmbH 31 December
(vii) Sapura Diamante GmbH 31 December
(viii) Sapura Topazio GmbH 31 December
(ix) Seabras Sapura Holdco Ltd. 31 December
(x) Sapura Onix GmbH 31 December
(xi) Sapura Jade GmbH 31 December
(xii) Sapura Rubi GmbH 31 December
(xiii) Intesoll Sapura Offshore Limited 31 December
(xiv) Rawabi Sapura Limited Company 31 December
For the purpose of applying the equity method of accounting, the 12 months ended 31 January 2024 management accounts 
have been used.
Annual Report 2024
205
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 208 ----
17. INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES (CONT’D.)
(ii) Information relating to the joint ventures:
(a) Summarised statements of financial position and reconciliation to the carrying amount of the Group’s interest in material 
joint venture:
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents ^ 210,228 180,807
Other current assets 664,888 661,713
Total current assets 875,116 842,520
Non-current assets
Total non-current assets 6,177,356 5,744,646
Total assets 7,052,472 6,587,166
Current liabilities
Borrowings# 56,337 51,360
Other current liabilities 1,516,054 2,021,776
Total current liabilities 1,572,391 2,073,136
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings# 434,132 429,084
Other non-current liabilities 158,585 135,272
Total non-current liabilities 592,717 564,356
Total liabilities 2,165,108 2,637,492
Net assets 4,887,364 3,949,674
Interest in joint ventures 50% 50%
Carrying value of interest in joint ventures 2,443,682 1,974,837
Shareholders’ advances 106,930 289,538
Net carrying value of interest in joint ventures 2,550,612 2,264,375
^ Included in the cash and cash equivalents are RM20.5 million (2023: RM44.0 million), pledged as security over the borrowings as at 31 January 
2024.
# The borrowings are secured by the joint ventures’ vessels.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
206
Group Overview

---- Page 209 ----
17. INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES (CONT’D.) 
(ii) Information relating to the joint ventures (cont’d.):
(b) Summarised statements of comprehensive income:
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Revenue 1,972,750 1,846,483
Operating expenses (762,000) (687,661)
Depreciation and amortisation (373,223) (358,928)
Interest income 4,787 35,456
Interest expense (114,840) (189,459)
Profit before tax 727,474 645,891
Income tax expense (47,600) (69,605)
Profit after tax 679,874 576,286
Other comprehensive income 257,816 31,694
Total comprehensive income 937,690 607,980
(c) Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material:
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Carrying value of interest in joint ventures 189,621 179,639
Share of profit after tax 9,982 27,413
Share of total comprehensive income/(loss) 31,065 (9,593)
Dividends paid during the year to the Group 21,083 22,348
18. DEFERRED TAX (ASSETS)/LIABILITIES
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 (68,440) (17,568) – –
Recognised in the profit or loss (Note 11) 9,717 (40,695) – –
Exchange differences (5,048) (10,177) – –
At 31 January (63,771) (68,440) – –
Presented after appropriate offsetting as follows:
Deferred tax assets (116,427) (106,727) – –
Deferred tax liabilities 52,656 38,287 – –
(63,771) (68,440) – –
Annual Report 2024
207
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 210 ----
18. DEFERRED TAX (ASSETS)/LIABILITIES (CONT’D.)
 The components and movements of deferred tax liabilities and assets during the financial year prior to offsetting are as follows:
 Deferred tax liabilities of the Group:
Accelerated
capital
allowances
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 1 February 2023 60,425 70,468 130,893
Recognised in the profit or loss (3) 9,885 9,882
Exchange differences 573 6,392 6,965
At 31 January 2024 60,995 86,745 147,740
At 1 February 2022 107,360 74,146 181,506
Recognised in the profit or loss (35,504) (5,191) (40,695)
Exchange differences (11,431) 1,513 (9,918)
At 31 January 2023 60,425 70,468 130,893
 Deferred tax assets of the Group:
Unutilised tax
losses and
unabsorbed
capital
allowances
RM’000
Provisions
for
liabilities
RM’000
Others
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 1 February 2023 (118,278) (66,869) (14,186) (199,333)
Recognised in the profit or loss (14,503) 9 14,329 (165)
Exchange differences 9,590 (14,762) (6,843) (12,015)
At 31 January 2024 (123,191) (81,622) (6,700) (211,513)
At 1 February 2022 (137,815) (49,236) (12,023) (199,074)
Recognised in the profit or loss 19,631 (17,633) (1,998) –
Exchange differences (94) – (165) (259)
At 31 January 2023 (118,278) (66,869) (14,186) (199,333)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
208
Group Overview

---- Page 211 ----
18. DEFERRED TAX (ASSETS)/LIABILITIES (CONT’D.)
 Deferred tax assets of the Company:
Unutilised tax
losses and
unabsorbed
capital
allowances
RM’000
Provisions
for
liabilities
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 1,696 (1,696) –
Reclassification adjustments (1,696) 1,696 –
At 31 January 2024 – – –
At 1 February 2022/31 January 2023 1,696 (1,696) –
 During the financial year, the unutilised tax losses, unabsorbed capital allowances and other deductible temporary differences of 
the Group and the Company that have not been recognised as deferred tax assets amounted to RM4,413.5 million (2023: 
RM4,978.9 million) and RM107.7 million (2023: RM80.6 million) respectively.
 The unutilised tax losses of the entities in the Group are available for offsetting against future taxable profits, subject to no 
substantial changes in shareholdings under Income Tax Act 1967 and guidelines issued by the tax authority. Deferred tax asset 
has not been recognised in respect of these items as the entities in the Group does not foresee its ability to utilise the business 
losses in near future.
 In accordance with the provision of Income Tax Act 1967 of Malaysia, the utilisation of unused tax losses will be limited to ten 
years (2023: ten years) with effect from year of assessment 2019.
19. DEFERRED MOBILISATION COST
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 106,181 13,790
Additions 3,600 112,473
Amortisation (26,835) (16,212)
Exchange differences 5,335 (3,870)
At 31 January 88,281 106,181
Deferred mobilisation cost
Non-current assets 33,979 84,070
Current assets 54,302 22,111
88,281 106,181
 In connection with drilling contracts, the Group makes payments to third parties for the mobilisation of rigs prior to 
commencement of drilling services.
 Mobilisation costs are deferred and recognised on a straight-line basis over the period that the related drilling services are 
performed.
Annual Report 2024
209
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 212 ----
20. INVENTORIES
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At cost
Consumables, materials and spares 425,757 314,981
Work-in-progress 5,961 71,212
431,718 386,193
 The cost of inventories recognised as an expense during the financial year amounted to RM134.9 million (2023: RM61.7 million).
 In the previous financial year, the Group has written down inventories totalling RM51.2 million to nil based on their net realisable 
values.
21. AMOUNTS DUE FROM SUBSIDIARIES
Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Non-current assets
Amounts due from subsidiaries 787,630 550,080
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss (785,832) (550,080)
1,798 –
Current assets
Amounts due from subsidiaries 1,088,568 1,290,919
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss (1,087,128) (1,280,540)
1,440 10,379
 Amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand except for RM134.6 million (2023: RM126.4 
million) which is subject to interest rates ranging from 7.46% to 9.00% (2023: 3.71% to 8.00%) per annum.
 The Company recognised a net allowance for expected credit loss on amounts due from its subsidiaries of RM42.3 million 
consisting of gross allowance for expected credit loss of RM65.5 million (2023: RM153.4 million) and write-off of RM23.2 million 
(2023: RM Nil) for subsidiaries that have been dissolved and fully impaired since the previous reporting date.
 In the previous financial year, amount of RM133.5 million (and the corresponding allowance for expected credit losses of RM133.1 
million) was reclassified to other receivables due to loss of control of a subsidiary.
 Further details on related party transactions are disclosed in Note 39.
 Other information on financial risks are disclosed in Note 40.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
210
Group Overview

---- Page 213 ----
22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Non-current assets
Trade receivables
Retention sums 61,891 37,066 – –
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss (10,360) (10,360) – –
51,531 26,706 – –
Other receivables
Third parties 3,424 – – –
Amounts due from joint ventures – 201,656 – –
3,424 201,656 – –
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss – (1,001) – –
3,424 200,655 – –
Total non-current trade and other receivables 54,955 227,361 – –
Current assets
Trade receivables
Third parties 694,696 463,723 – –
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss (131,374) (200,470) – –
563,322 263,253 – –
Other receivables
Amounts due from:
Related parties 186 – 186 3,183
Associates and joint ventures 193,814 234,712 20,949 20,492
194,000 234,712 21,135 23,675
Deposits and prepayments 135,714 12,471 13,439 10,729
Sundry receivables 515,273 545,152 135,645 134,827
650,987 557,623 149,084 145,556
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss (315,959) (272,603) (157,711) (157,237)
529,028 519,732 12,508 11,994
Total current trade and other receivables 1,092,350 782,985 12,508 11,994
Annual Report 2024
211
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 214 ----
22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONT’D.)
(a) Trade receivables
 Trade receivables are non-interest bearing. The Group’s normal trade credit term ranges from 30 to 90 days (2023: 30 to 
90 days). Other credit terms are assessed and approved on a case-by-case basis. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly 
by senior management. Trade receivables are recognised at original invoice amounts which represent their fair values on 
initial recognition.
 Included in trade receivables of the Group are retention sums from contract customers of RM61.9 million (2023: RM37.1 
million). These retention sums from contract customers are unsecured, interest free and are expected to be collected in 
accordance with the terms of the respective contract agreements.
 Movement in allowance for expected credit loss of trade receivables based on lifetime ECL are as follows:
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 210,830 88,838
(Reversal)/charge for the year (Note 8) (1,580) 121,992
Reclassification (78,071) –
Exchange differences 10,555 –
At 31 January 141,734 210,830
(b) Other receivables
 Sundry receivables, which include GST and VAT receivables, are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
 Movement in allowance for expected credit loss of other receivables based on lifetime ECL are as follows:
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 273,604 41,008 157,237 24,440
Charge/(reversal) for the year (Note 8) 5,453 1,109 384 (377)
Reclassification 78,071 231,487 90 133,174
Derecognition (i) (53,158) – – –
Exchange differences 11,989 – – –
At 31 January 315,959 273,604 157,711 157,237
(i) In the previous financial year, the Group has made an allowance for expected credit loss on the outstanding balances 
following conclusion of contract negotiation, and subsequently has been derecognised in the current financial year 
due to cessation of the joint venture agreement (unincorporated).
(c) Amounts due from joint ventures
 Non-current assets
 Amounts due from joint ventures are unsecured and interest free.
 Current assets
 Amounts due from joint ventures are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand, except for RM76.1 million (2023: 
RM202.3 million) provided to certain joint ventures which is subject to interest of 3.0% (2023: ranging from 3.0% to 4.5%) 
per annum.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
212
Group Overview

---- Page 215 ----
23. CONTRACT ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Contract assets
Current 510,527 737,405
Less: allowance for expected credit loss (47,997) (49,819)
462,530 687,586
 Movement in allowance for expected credit loss of contract assets based on lifetime ECL are as follows:
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 49,819 49,819
Reclassification (Note 22) (1,822) –
At 31 January 47,997 49,819
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Contract liabilities
Non-current (19,160) (51,694)
Current (826,361) (558,602)
Reclassified to provision for other liabilities (Note 34 (b)) 159,060 –
(667,301) (558,602)
Total contract liabilities (686,461) (610,296)
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Revenue recognised which was included in construction contract liabilities at the 
beginning of the financial year
558,602 817,139
Revenue recognised from performance obligations satisfied in the previous periods – 4,102
 The Group receives payments from customers based on a billing schedule, as established in the contracts. The contract asset 
relates the rights to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer before the customer pays the 
consideration or before payment is due. The contract liability relates to payments received in advance of performance under the 
contract. Changes in the contract asset and liabilities are due to the progress billings during the year and Group’s performance 
under the contract.
Annual Report 2024
213
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 216 ----
24. CASH, DEPOSITS AND BANK BALANCES
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Cash on hand and at banks 1,186,883 574,424 3,629 4,562
Deposits with licensed banks 87,816 123,306 – –
Cash pledged with banks (restricted) 178,807 152,395 – –
Cash, deposits and bank balances 1,453,506 850,125 3,629 4,562
 Included in cash, deposits and bank balances of the Group is an amount of RM178.8 million (2023: RM152.4 million) which are 
restricted for use due to the loan covenants and business requirements.
 Other information on financial risks of cash and cash equivalents are disclosed in Note 40.
 The range of the interest rate on deposit with licensed banks (per annum) and the range of remaining maturities as at the 
reporting date are as follows:
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Interest rate (%) 0.02 - 5.02 0.01 - 3.95 – –
Maturities (days) 1 - 90 1 - 90 – –
25. NON-CURRENT ASSET CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
 During the financial year, a non-current asset within the Group has been identified for disposal through judicial sale, subsequent 
to the Court succession in filing payment on demand from one of the Group’s subsidiary.
 Consequently, the asset with carrying value of RM6.5 million has been reclassified from property, plant and equipment to non-
current asset held for sale. Impairment to the asset prior to the reclassification is disclosed in Note 13.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
214
Group Overview

---- Page 217 ----
26. SHARE CAPITAL
Group and Company
Number of shares Amount
2024
’000
2023
‘000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Issued and fully paid:
Ordinary shares
At 1 February 2023/2022 15,979,080 15,979,080 10,872,078 10,872,078
RCPS-i conversion (Note 27) 2,396,862 – 982,713 –
At 31 January 18,375,942 15,979,080 11,854,791 10,872,078
 Each RCPS-i has been automatically converted into new ordinary shares of the Company on 24 January 2024 at the conversion 
ratio of one new ordinary share for every one RCPS-i held.
 All new converted shares rank equally in all respects with the existing ordinary shares except that the holder of the new converted 
shares shall not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other distributions that may be declared, made or paid to 
the members, of which the entitlement date is before the allotment date of the new ordinary shares.
 The holders of the existing ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to 
one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regards to the Group’s and the Company’s 
assets.
27. ISLAMIC REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERENCE SHARES (“RCPS-i ”)
Group and Company
Number of shares Amount
2024
’000
2023
‘000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
RCPS-i
At 1 February 2023/2022 2,396,862 2,396,862 982,713 982,713
Conversion to share capital (Note 26) (2,396,862) – (982,713) –
At 31 January – 2,396,862 – 982,713
 The key features of the RCPS-i are as follows:
(i) The RCPS-i has matured on 23 January 2024 and converted into new ordinary shares of the Company on 24 January 2024 
without the payment of any consideration (cash or otherwise) and in accordance with the conversion ratio.
(ii) The conversion ratio of the RCPS-i is one new ordinary share of the Company for every one RCPS-i held.
Annual Report 2024
215
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 218 ----
28. SHARES HELD UNDER TRUST
Group and Company
Number of shares Amount
2024
’000
2023
’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 – 7,276 – 11,587
Disposed during the year – (7,276) – (11,587)
At 31 January – – – –
 The trustee appointed by the Company purchased its issued ordinary shares from the open market for the purpose of the share 
bonus scheme in relation to LTIP through its internally generated funds. The LTIP scheme which have been fully vested in the 
previous financial years had the following features:
(a) The LTIP scheme is intended for eligible executive directors and employees of the Group of which annual grants may be 
made to attract, retain and incentivise such key employees and executive directors for the long-term success and growth 
of the Group as well as to enhance shareholders’ value.
(b) The selected executive directors and employees must elect in writing to participate in the scheme.
(c) The vesting of the new shares is over a period of two (2) years (subsequent to grant date), provided that the recipient 
remains in the Group’s employment.
 In the previous financial year, the Company appointed a trustee to dispose the entire 7,276 million units of the issued ordinary 
shares in the open market at an average price of RM0.04 per shares. The difference between the weighted average cost and 
the fair value of the shares have been recognised in equity.
29. WARRANTS RESERVE
 The warrants reserve represents the cumulative fair value of the warrants yet to be exercised.
 The warrants are valid to be exercised for a period of 7 years from its issue date and ending on 23 January 2026 (“Exercise 
Period”). During the Exercise Period, each warrant shall entitle the registered holder to subscribe for one new ordinary share of 
the Company at an exercise price of RM0.49 per warrant in accordance with the provisions of the Deed Poll dated 6 December 
2018. Any warrants not exercised will lapse thereafter and cease to be valid.
 As at 31 January 2024, the entire 998,692,020 (2023: 998,692,020) warrants remain unexercised.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
216
Group Overview

---- Page 219 ----
30. OTHER RESERVES
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Foreign currency translation reserve (a) 1,032,657 1,827,767 – –
Merger reserve (b) 51,989 51,989 – –
ESOS reserve (c) 81,852 90,528 81,852 90,528
1,166,498 1,970,284 81,852 90,528
(a) Foreign currency translation reserve
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 1,827,767 1,638,044
Exchange differences on translation of foreign subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (795,110) 189,723
At 31 January 1,032,657 1,827,767
 The foreign currency translation reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial 
statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group’s presentation currency. 
It is also used to record the exchange differences arising from monetary items which form part of the Group’s net investment 
in foreign operations, where the monetary item is denominated in either the functional currency of the reporting entity or 
the foreign operation.
(b) Merger reserve
 The merger reserve relates to the excess of the consideration paid over the share capital and reserves of Sapura Drilling 
Probadi Sdn. Bhd. in previous years.
 The difference between the recorded carrying value of the investment in Sapura Drilling Probadi Sdn. Bhd. (that is the value 
of the shares of the Company issued as consideration) and the value of Sapura Drilling Probadi Sdn. Bhd.’s shares transferred 
to the Company had been reflected within equity as merger reserve in the consolidated financial statements.
(c) ESOS reserve
Group and Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 90,528 104,934
Lapse of certain ESOS (8,676) (14,406)
At 31 January 81,852 90,528
 The ESOS reserve represents the equity-settled share options granted to the eligible executive directors and senior 
management as further discussed in Note 36.
 The reserve is made up of the cumulative value of services received from the eligible executive directors and senior 
management recorded from the grant date of equity-settled share options, and is reduced by the expiry, exercise or lapsed 
of the share options.
Annual Report 2024
217
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 220 ----
31. BORROWINGS
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Unsecured:
Conventional borrowings
Revolving credits 355,400 355,393
Term loans 3,316,102 3,038,916
3,671,502 3,394,309
Islamic financings
Sukuk Programme 7,310,944 7,221,625
Total short-term borrowings 10,982,446 10,615,934
 Short-term borrowings maturity is within one year. Term loans and Sukuk Programme were classified as current liabilities due 
to breach of loan covenants as further described in the Note 31(e).
(a) The range of the interest rates and profit sharing (per annum) during the financial year for borrowings was as follows:
Group
2024
%
2023
%
Revolving credits 5.43 to 6.18 4.43 to 6.15
Term loans and Sukuk Programme 4.85 to 8.65 2.91 to 6.92
(b) Included in the Group’s short-term borrowings are as follows:
As at 31 January 2024 As at 31 January 2023
USD
denomination
RM’000
RM
denomination
RM’000
USD
denomination
RM’000
RM
denomination
RM’000
Revolving credits – 355,400 – 355,393
Term loans 2,457,635 858,467 2,193,788 845,128
Sukuk Programme 940,053 6,370,891 841,546 6,380,079
3,397,688 7,584,758 3,035,334 7,580,600
10,982,446 10,615,934
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
218
Group Overview

---- Page 221 ----
31. BORROWINGS (CONT’D.)
(c) Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in 
the statements of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.
 A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:
At
1.2.2023
RM’000
Net cash
changes
RM’000
Non-cash changes
At
31.1.2024
RM’000
Amortisation
of borrowing
cost^
RM’000
Foreign
exchange
movement
RM’000
Borrowings 10,615,934 (15,686) 21,489 360,709 10,982,446
At
1.2.2022
RM’000
Net cash
changes
RM’000
Non-cash changes
At
31.1.2023
RM’000
Amortisation
of borrowing
cost^
RM’000
Foreign
exchange
movement
RM’000
Borrowings 10,658,021 (89,596) 21,731 25,778 10,615,934
^ Charged to profit or loss.
(d) Other information relating to borrowings:
(i) In the previous financial year, Sapura TMC Sdn. Bhd. (“Sapura TMC”) entered into a supplemental letter of offer for the 
utilisation of a revolving credit facility of RM300.0 million under the Maybank Islamic Facility (the “RCF”). The RCF was 
inter alia secured by a mortgage over a pipe-laying and crane vessel (the “S3000 Vessel”) owned by Sapura 3000 Pte. 
Ltd. The S3000 Vessel was disposed on 11 August 2022, and the proceeds of the sale amounting to RM312.8 million 
was deposited with Maybank Islamic Berhad and as required under the terms of the RCF. The RCF was subsequently 
repaid on 1 December 2022.
(ii) In the FY2022, Sapura TMC had executed multi-currency financing facilities agreements (collectively, the “MCF Facilities”) 
with the MCF Financiers consisting of:
(a) the senior multi-currency term facilities agreement dated 29 March 2021 between, inter alia, Sapura TMC as 
borrower, and the MCF Financiers named therein as conventional facility MCF Financiers; and/or
(b) the Multi-Currency Sukuk Programme of up to RM10.0 billion in nominal value based on the Shariah principle of 
murabahah (via a tawarruq arrangement), established under a programme agreement originally dated 20 August 
2015 (as announced on 8 September 2015) between Sapura TMC Sdn. Bhd. as issuer, Maybank Investment Bank 
Berhad as lead arranger, and Maybank Investment Bank Berhad as facility agent, and as thereafter amended and 
supplemented.
Annual Report 2024
219
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 222 ----
31. BORROWINGS (CONT’D.)
(d) Other information relating to borrowings (cont’d.):
(iii) In March and June 2022, and subsequently in March and June 2023, Sapura TMC and the Obligors requested the MCF 
Financiers of the MCF Facilities to waive any event of default which may arise as a result of:
(a) failure by Sapura TMC and the Obligors to comply with certain financial covenants of the MCF Facilities;
(b) granting of Restraining Order in relation to Sapura TMC and the Obligors, and the filing of any documents in 
connection with that Restraining Order; and
(c) failure by Sapura TMC or any of the Obligor of the MCF Facilities to pay certain amounts due and payable under 
the MCF Facilities during the 90-day period commencing from 7 March 2022 and a further 6 months from 6 June 
2022 to 10 December 2022.
 In relation to (a) and (b) above, the majority of the MCF Financiers consented to these requests and agreed not 
to take any enforcement action in relation to any default which may arise as a result of:
(aa) the failure by Sapura TMC and the Obligors to comply with certain financial covenants of the MCF Facilities; 
and
(bb) the Restraining Orders in relation to Sapura TMC and the Obligors and the filing of any documents in 
connection with the Restraining Order.
(iv) On 1 September 2022, the Company received approval from the CDRC approving the Company’s application for 
assistance to mediate in its debt restructuring negotiations with certain financial institutions who have provided multi-
currency facilities to Sapura TMC.
 The CDRC is a committee established under the purview of Bank Negara Malaysia for the purpose of providing a 
platform for corporate borrowers and their creditors to work out feasible debt resolutions without having to resort to 
legal proceedings. The Company and nine of its subsidiaries which are obligors under the MCF Facilities (“Admitted 
Group Companies”), were admitted to the CDRC regime with effect from 1 September 2022.
 Following the CDRC’s acceptance of the Company’s application, CDRC has issued a letter addressed to the Company 
stating that:
(a) the Lenders are expected to observe an informal standstill and withhold from any proceedings and the Company 
is expected to submit a proposal for a restructuring of its debts within 60 days from 1 September 2022; and
(b) the Company and the Admitted Group Companies are required to adhere to and be bound by Bank Negara 
Malaysia CDRC Participant’s Code of Conduct and any variations thereof as determined at the discretion of the 
CDRC from time to time.
 The Company submitted a draft PRS to the CDRC on 29 September 2022 and has since been participating in CDRC 
meetings with the MCF Financiers to seek feedback on and to refine the terms of the PRS.
 On 28 February 2023, the Company received a formal notification dated 24 February 2023 from the CDRC stating that 
the CDRC Committee extended the standstill period for the Company and its relevant subsidiaries under the CDRC 
regime, up to 9 September 2023.
 On 6 September 2023, the Company received a formal notification from CDRC dated 5 September 2023, stating of a 
further extension of the standstill period for the Company and its nine (9) subsidiaries until 10 March 2024.
 On 12 December 2023, CDRC confirmed at least 75% of the MCF Financiers have provided their requisite AIP of the 
PRS.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
220
Group Overview

---- Page 223 ----
31. BORROWINGS (CONT’D.)
(d) Other information relating to borrowings (cont’d.):
 On 11 March 2024, the Company has received a letter from CDRC stating CDRC has extended the standstill period 
for the Company and its relevant subsidiaries until 10 June 2024 after taking into consideration of the current state 
of progress of the Company’s PRS and the recent three (3) months extension of the Convening and Restraining Orders 
granted by the Court on 7 March 2024 which will take effect on 11 March 2024.
 The MCF Financiers are to continue to observe the informal standstill and withhold all legal proceedings and/or any 
other recovery action initiated or intended against the Company and/or the Company’s subsidiaries under the CDRC 
regime.
(v) On 26 October 2022, the Company completed the disposal of Sapura T-19, Sapura T-20 and Sapura Setia for a net 
disposal proceeds of USD8.1 million. The net disposal proceeds were deposited into a disposal proceeds account and 
were utilised to repay the multi-currency financing facilities, subject to the terms of the MCF Facilities.
(e) As required under MFRS 101: Presentation of Financial Statements, in the event of a breach of loan covenants on or before 
the end of reporting date, which gives lender the rights to demand for immediate repayment, an entity is required to classify 
a liability as current as it no longer has the unconditional right to defer its settlement for at least twelve months after that 
date.
 Since the previous reporting date, the Group has breached certain financial covenants pursuant to the MCF Facilities. As a 
result, the borrowings have been classified as current liabilities.
32. AMOUNTS DUE TO SUBSIDIARIES
Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Non-current liability
Amount due to a subsidiary 3,767,595 3,767,595
Current liabilities
Amounts due to subsidiaries 1,988,821 1,621,068
 Amounts due to subsidiaries are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand, except for RM3,767.6 million (2023: RM3,767.6 
million) which is subject to interest rate of 2.0% (2023: 2.0%) per annum above the cost of funds.
 Further details on related party transactions are disclosed in Note 39.
 Other information on financial risks of amounts due to subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 40.
Annual Report 2024
221
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 224 ----
33. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Non-current liabilities
Trade payables 10,651 2,941 – –
Other payables 9,920 8,867 – –
Total non-current trade and other payables 20,571 11,808 – –
Current liabilities
Trade payables
Third parties 2,043,204 1,757,607 – –
Other payables
Amounts due to:
Joint ventures and associates 100,560 98,882 177 46
Related parties 1,813 1,628 35 36
102,373 100,510 212 82
Staff costs 13,865 42,159 1,700 435
Accruals 2,891,433 1,412,623 114,275 69,921
Sundry payables 460,551 403,859 76,579 81,170
3,365,849 1,858,641 192,554 151,526
Total current trade and other payables 5,511,426 3,716,758 192,766 151,608
(a) Trade payables – Third parties
 Trade payables are non-interest bearing and trade credit terms granted to the Group range from 30 days to 90 days (2023: 
30 days to 90 days).
(b) Amounts due to joint ventures, associates and related parties
 These amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are repayable on demand.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
222
Group Overview

---- Page 225 ----
34. PROVISIONS
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Provision for foreseeable losses (a) 210,044 426,549 – –
Provision for other liabilities (b) 577,340 – – –
787,384 426,549 – –
(a) Provision for foreseeable losses
 Provision for foreseeable losses are arising from certain construction contracts. The movement of provision during the 
financial year are as follows:
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
At 1 February 2023/2022 426,549 609,356 – 44,700
Recognised during the year (Note 8) 926,807 706,461 – –
Utilised during the year (470,158) (462,059) – –
Reversal during the year (Note 8) (301,294) (432,385) – (44,700)
Reclassified to provision for other liabilities (Note 34 (b)) (418,280) – – –
Exchange differences 46,420 5,176 –
At 31 January 210,044 426,549 – –
 In the previous financial year, the Company has made a reversal of RM44.7 million provision in relation to the breach of a 
tenancy agreement with a related party.
(b) Provision for other liabilities
 During the financial year, amounts of RM418.3 million and RM159.1 million have been reclassified from provision for 
foreseeable losses and contract liabilities, respectively, to provision for other liabilities which relates to ongoing claims upon 
termination of certain construction contracts by the customers. Further details are disclosed in Note 38(c) and 46 (d), (e) 
and (f).
Annual Report 2024
223
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 226 ----
35. LEASE LIABILITIES
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Non-current
Lease liabilities 15,028 22,935 2,185 14,980
Current
Lease liabilities 24,418 18,720 12,795 12,271
Total lease liabilities 39,446 41,655 14,980 27,251
 The movement of lease liabilities during the year is as follows:
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
As at 1 February 2023/2022 41,655 16,721 27,251 –
Additions 18,976 30,952 – 37,091
Payments (23,838) (11,226) (13,178) (10,981)
Interest expense (Note 7) 1,979 2,362 907 1,141
Exchange differences 674 2,846 – –
As at 31 January 39,446 41,655 14,980 27,251
 As allowed under MFRS 16, the Group and the Company had elected not to recognise the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
in relation to short-term lease.
 The Group has total cash outflows for lease liabilities and short-term leases of RM361.9 million (2023: RM327.0 million).
 The maturities of the lease liabilities as at 31 January 2024 are as follows:
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Within one year 24,418 18,720 12,795 12,271
More than 1 year but not later than 2 years 14,140 20,729 2,185 12,795
More than 2 years but not later than 5 years 888 2,206 – 2,185
39,446 41,655 14,980 27,251
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
224
Group Overview

---- Page 227 ----
36. EXECUTIVE SHARE OPTION SCHEME
 The ESOS has been implemented effective from 13 December 2018.
 Options are granted to the eligible executive directors and senior management employed on a full time basis at the discretion 
of the BNRC.
 The key features of the ESOS are as follows:
(a) The maximum number of new ordinary shares of the Company which may be allotted and issued pursuant to the options 
that may be granted under the ESOS shall not in aggregate exceed ten percent (10%) of the total number of issued ordinary 
shares of the Company (excluding shares held under trust);
(b) The maximum number of options that may be granted under the ESOS to any one eligible person shall be at the sole and 
absolute discretion of the BNRC after taking into consideration the position, performance and length of service of the 
eligible person in the Group, or such other factors which the BNRC may in its absolute discretion deem fit, subject to the 
following:
(i) the eligible executive directors and senior management do not participate in the deliberation or discussion in respect 
of his/her own allocation; and
(ii) the number of new ordinary shares of the Company to be allocated to any eligible person who, either singly or 
collectively through persons connected with such eligible person, holds twenty percent (20%) or more of the total 
issued ordinary shares of the Company (excluding shares held under trust), does not exceed ten percent (10%) (or 
such percentage as allowable by the relevant authorities) of the total number of new ordinary shares of the Company 
to be issued under the ESOS.
(c) The option exercise price shall be determined by the Board upon recommendation of the BNRC based on five (5) days 
weighted average market price of the ordinary shares of the Company, as quoted on Bursa Securities, immediately preceding 
the date of offer or with a premium or discount. In the event of a discount, the discount shall not be more than ten percent 
(10%) or such other percentage of discount as may be permitted by Bursa Securities or any other relevant authorities from 
time to time during the duration of the ESOS;
(d) The ESOS shall be in force for a duration of seven (7) years from the effective date of implementation of the ESOS. The 
BNRC may terminate the ESOS at any time during the duration of the ESOS subject to a notice period of at least thirty 
days being provided; and
(e) The ESOS is immediately exercisable upon granting. However, the grantee must not sell, transfer or assign any new ordinary 
shares of the Company obtained through the exercise of the options offered to the person under the ESOS within three 
(3) years from the date of offer.
 Movement of share options
 The following table illustrates the number of, and movements in, share options during the financial year:
Group and Company
2024
’000
2023
’000
Outstanding and exercisable at 1 February 2023/2022 883,643 1,024,259
Lapsed during the year (84,689) (140,616)
Outstanding and exercisable at 31 January 798,954 883,643
Annual Report 2024
225
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 228 ----
36. EXECUTIVE SHARE OPTION SCHEME (CONT’D.)
 The remaining contractual life and expiry date for these options are as follows:
Group and Company
Tranche 1 Tranche 2
Remaining contractual life 1.87 years 2.19 years
Exercise price 0.31 0.39
Granted date 14 December 2018 12 April 2019
Expiry date 12 December 2025 10 April 2026
 Following the grant of options on 12 April 2019, the weighted average exercise price of the options granted to date was RM0.30.
 Fair value of share options granted
 The fair value of the share options granted under the ESOS is estimated at the grant date using a trinomial option pricing model, 
taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the instruments were granted.
 The following table lists the inputs to the option pricing models are as follows:
Group and Company
Tranche 1 Tranche 2
Dividend yield 1.52% 1.52%
Expected volatility 35.5% 37.8%
Risk-free interest rate (per annum) 3.80% 3.80%
Expected life of option 7 years 7 years
 The expected life of the options is based on the ESOS duration and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may 
occur. The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility over a period, similar to the life of the options 
is indicative of future trends.
37. COMMITMENTS
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Capital expenditure
Approved and contracted for:
Property, plant and equipment 38,402 24,914
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
226
Group Overview

---- Page 229 ----
38. FINANCIAL GUARANTEE CONTRACTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
 The nominal value of the financial guarantee contracts given by the Group and the Company are as follows:
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Secured
Financial guarantee contracts given to financial institutions 
for credit facilities and performance bonds granted to 
joint ventures and associate 529,808 524,916 – –
Unsecured
Financial guarantee contracts given on behalf of 
subsidiaries – – 515,003 747,829
529,808 524,916 515,003 747,829
 The fair value of the financial guarantee contracts given to financial institutions for credit facilities granted to joint ventures are 
deemed immaterial as the value of the underlying collateral provided by the respective joint ventures is sufficient to cover the 
outstanding loan amounts. The credit facilities are secured by way of deposit pledged and legal charges over the vessels of the 
joint ventures.
 Other contingent liabilities:
(a) On 31 January 2019, SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn. Bhd. (“SapuraOMV”), an associate company held through Sapura Upstream 
Assets Sdn. Bhd. (“SUA”), entered into a facility agreement with OMV Exploration & Production GmbH to SapuraOMV (“OMV 
E&P”) for the OMV financing amounting to USD350.0 million (equivalent to approximately RM1,431.2 million). As security 
for this, SUA has pledged shares of SapuraOMV with a value of USD175.0 million (equivalent to approximately RM715.6 
million) in favour of OMV E&P. Further details are disclosed in Note 47 (c).
(b) On 17 November 2019, PETRONAS approved a 2-year extension for the Exploration Period for SB331 and SB332 Production 
Sharing Contracts (“PSC”) to Sapura Exploration & Production (Sabah) Inc. (“SEPS”) subject to the fulfilment of certain 
minimum work commitments, failure of which there will be a sum payable to PETRONAS. On 29 December 2021, PETRONAS 
approved a further extension for 3 years allowing SEPS to complete its commitments by 19 November 2024. SEPS is currently 
in discussion with PETRONAS in relation to the terms and conditions stipulated in the extension.
 Subsequent to the year end, on 7 May 2024, SEPS has received a letter from PETRONAS stating that all parties to the PSC, 
including SEPS is required to complete the acceptance of their approval letter by 30 June 2024.
(c) In prior years, Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. (“SOSB”) has been awarded a contract by Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd. (“Shell”) 
for an Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Installation for the SBM Pipeline Rejuvenation Phase II Project (“Contract”).
 During the current financial year, Shell has requested for rescaling or descoping of the Contract. Following that, there have 
been several discussions between both parties. Subsequently, Shell has issued Letter of Demand (“LOD”) in September 2023, 
followed by a clarification meeting held on 5 October 2023. Accordingly, SOSB considered this Contract has been 
terminated.
(d) Other than as disclosed above and Note 46 (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) there are no other changes to contingent liabilities in 
the current financial year.
Annual Report 2024
227
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 230 ----
39. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
(a) Related party transactions
 In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group and the Company had the following 
significant transactions with related parties during the financial year:
Group
Expense/(income)
Company
Expense/(income)
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
(i) Transactions with companies connected to 
directors and current substantial shareholders
Rental of office premises paid and payable to 
Sapura Resources Berhad* 13,178 (31,530) 3,795 (40,671)
* In the previous financial year, reversal of provision relates to the mutual termination of the previous breach of a tenancy agreement, as disclosed in 
Note 34.
Company
(Income)/expense
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
(ii) Transactions with subsidiaries
(a) Management fees from subsidiaries (59,350) (101,305)
(b) Interest charged to subsidiaries (15,642) (11,181)
(c) Interest charged by a subsidiary 303,086 250,227
(d) Shared service fees charged by a subsidiary 10,883 9,918
 The transactions above have been entered into in the normal course of business and on a negotiated basis.
 Other than as disclosed above, there were no material contracts subsisting as at 31 January 2024 or if not then subsisting, 
entered into since the end of the financial year by the Company or its subsidiaries which involved the interests of substantial 
shareholders.
(b) Compensation of key management personnel
 The remuneration of the key management personnel, including directors, during the financial year are as follows:
Group Company
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Employee benefits and other emoluments 14,457 11,228 9,269 6,101
Contributions to defined contribution plan 987 779 823 571
15,444 12,007 10,092 6,672
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
228
Group Overview

---- Page 231 ----
40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
 The Group and the Company are exposed to financial risks arising from their operations and the use of financial instruments. 
The key financial risks include interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, liquidity risk and credit risk.
 The Group’s and the Company’s financial risk management policy seeks to ensure that adequate financial resources are available 
for the development of the Group’s and the Company’s businesses whilst managing its interest rate, foreign currencies, liquidity 
and credit risks. The Group and the Company operates within clearly defined guidelines approved by the Board and the Group’s 
and the Company’s policy is not to engage in speculative transactions.
 It is, and has been throughout the current and previous financial year, the Group’s and the Company’s policy that no derivatives 
shall be undertaken except for the use as hedging instruments where appropriate and cost efficient.
 The following sections provide details regarding the Group’s and the Company’s exposure to the above-mentioned financial risks 
and the objectives, policies and processes for the management of these risks.
(a) Interest rate risk
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group and of the Company will fluctuate because 
of changes in market interest rates.
 The Group’s and the Company’s earnings are affected by changes in interest rates due to the changes in interest bearing 
financial assets and liabilities. The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk arises primarily from its borrowings, whereas the 
Company’s exposure to interest rate arises mainly from its amount due to a subsidiary which is subject to floating interest 
rates.
 At the reporting date, approximately 99.9% (2023: 99.9%) of the Group’s borrowings are at floating interest rates. The Group 
actively reviews its debt portfolio, taking into account the investment holding period and nature of its assets. This strategy 
allows to capitalise on cheaper funding in a low interest rate environment and achieve a certain level of protection against 
rate hikes.
 Sensitivity analysis for interest rate risk
 The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates with all other variables 
held constant, of the Group’s loss before tax (through the impact on interest expense and profit sharing on floating rate 
loans and borrowings).
2024 2023
Increase/
 decrease
in basis 
points
Effect 
on loss
before tax
RM’000
Increase/
 decrease
in basis 
points
Effect 
on loss
before tax
RM’000
Group
– Ringgit Malaysia + 25 (19,066) + 25 (19,350)
– US Dollar + 25 (8,439) + 25 (8,016)
– Ringgit Malaysia – 25 19,066 – 25 19,350
– US Dollar – 25 8,439 – 25 8,016
Company
– Ringgit Malaysia + 25 (9,824) + 25 (9,824)
– US Dollar + 25 (191) + 25 (132)
– Ringgit Malaysia – 25 9,824 – 25 9,824
– US Dollar – 25 191 – 25 132
Annual Report 2024
229
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 232 ----
40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT’D.)
(b) Foreign currency risk
 Foreign currency (a currency which is other than the functional currency of the Group entities) risk is the risk that the fair 
value or future cash flows of the Group’s and of the Company’s financial instrument will fluctuate because of the changes 
in foreign exchange rates.
 The Group has transactional currency exposures arising mainly from revenue or costs and advances that are denominated 
in a currency other than the respective functional currencies of the Group entities, primarily RM and US Dollar (“USD”). The 
foreign currencies in which these transactions are denominated are mainly USD and RM respectively.
 The Group maintains a natural hedge, whenever possible, by borrowing in the currency of the country in which the assets 
or investment is located or by borrowing in the currencies that match the future revenue stream to be generated from its 
investments. Where possible, the strategy is to match the payments for foreign currency payables against receivables 
denominated in the same foreign currency.
 Sensitivity analysis for foreign currency risk
 The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group’s and of the Company’s loss before tax to a reasonably possible 
change in the USD exchange rates against the respective functional currencies of the Group entities, with all other variables 
held constant.
Loss before tax
Group
Decrease/(increase)
Loss before tax
Company
Decrease/(increase)
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
USD/RM – strengthened 5% 477,375 369,749 22,642 20,816
 – weakened 5% (477,375) (369,749) (22,642) (20,816)
(c) Liquidity risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group or the Company may encounter difficulty in meeting financial obligations due to 
shortage of funds. The Group’s and the Company’s exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from its various payables, loans 
and borrowings.
 The Group actively manages its debt maturity profile, operating cash flows and the availability of funding so as to ensure 
that all refinancing, repayment and funding needs are met. As part of its overall prudent liquidity management, the Group 
maintains sufficient levels of cash or cash convertible investments to meet its working capital requirements.
 As of 31 January 2024, the Group and the Company’s current liabilities exceeded their current assets by RM14,528.6 million 
and RM2,173.2 million respectively. This may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group and the Company to meet 
their obligations as and when they fall due.
 The ability of the Group and the Company to meet their obligations is dependent on the successful implementation of 
those initiatives as disclosed in Note 2.1
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
230
Group Overview

---- Page 233 ----
40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT’D.)
(c) Liquidity risk (cont’d.)
 Analysis of financial instruments by remaining contractual maturities
 The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s liabilities at the reporting date based on contractual 
undiscounted repayment obligations.
Group
On demand 
or within 
one year
RM’000
One to 
five years
RM’000
More than 
five years
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 31 January 2024
Financial liabilities:
Trade and other payables 5,511,426 20,571 – 5,531,997
Lease liabilities 24,418 15,028 – 39,446
Borrowings 14,319,153 – – 14,319,153
19,854,997 35,599 – 19,890,596
Financial guarantee contracts 104,103 271,769 153,936 529,808
Total undiscounted financial liabilities 19,959,100 307,368 153,936 20,420,404
At 31 January 2023
Financial liabilities:
Trade and other payables 3,716,758 11,808 – 3,728,566
Lease liabilities 18,720 22,935 – 41,655
Borrowings 13,583,180 – – 13,583,180
17,318,658 34,743 – 17,353,401
Financial guarantee contracts 45,069 275,746 204,101 524,916
Total undiscounted financial liabilities 17,363,727 310,489 204,101 17,878,317
Annual Report 2024
231
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 234 ----
40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT’D.)
(c) Liquidity risk (cont’d.)
 Analysis of financial instruments by remaining contractual maturities (cont’d.)
 The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Company’s liabilities at the reporting date based on contractual 
undiscounted repayment obligations.
Company
On demand 
or within 
one year
RM’000
One to 
five years
RM’000
Total
RM’000
At 31 January 2024
Financial liabilities:
Amount due to subsidiaries 2,274,293 4,054,540 6,328,833
Trade and other payables 192,766 – 192,766
Lease liabilities 12,795 2,185 14,980
2,479,854 4,056,725 6,536,579
Financial guarantee contracts 515,003 – 515,003
Total undiscounted financial liabilities 2,994,857 4,056,725 7,051,582
At 31 January 2023
Financial liabilities:
Amount due to subsidiaries 1,888,870 4,304,580 6,193,450
Trade and other payables 151,608 – 151,608
Lease liabilities 12,271 14,980 27,251
2,052,749 4,319,560 6,372,309
Financial guarantee contracts 747,829 – 747,829
Total undiscounted financial liabilities 2,800,578 4,319,560 7,120,138
(d) Credit risk
 Credit risk is the risk of loss that may arise on outstanding financial instruments should a counterparty default on its 
obligation. The Group’s and the Company’s exposure to credit risk arises primarily from trade receivables, contract assets 
and financial guarantee contracts.
 Credit risks are minimised and monitored via strictly limiting the Group’s associations to business partners with high 
creditworthiness. Credit approvals are performed in accordance to approved limits of authority. Trade receivables are 
monitored on an ongoing basis via Group management reporting procedures.
 For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group apply a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group 
do not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a provision for impairment based on lifetime ECLs at each 
reporting date. Management monitors the recoverability of the receivables based on its historical credit loss experience and 
also considers available forward-looking information, which could indicate whether a customer is experiencing significant 
financial difficulty or it becomes probable that a customer will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.
 The Group categorises a receivable for potential impairment when the customer fails to make contractual payments beyond 
the agreed credit terms. The receivable is impaired if there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as the customer 
failing to engage in a repayment plan with the Group.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
232
Group Overview

---- Page 235 ----
40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT’D.)
(d) Credit risk (cont’d.)
 Exposure to credit risk
 At the reporting date, the Group’s and the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by:
– The carrying amount of each class of financial assets recognised in the statements of financial position as disclosed in 
Note 41.
– The carrying amount of contract assets as disclosed in Note 23.
 Credit risk concentration profile
 The Group determines concentrations of credit risk by monitoring the country profile of its trade receivables on an ongoing 
basis. The credit risk concentration profile of the Group’s net trade receivables at the reporting date are as follows:
Group
2024 2023
RM’000 % of total RM’000 % of total
By country/region
Malaysia 234,902 38% 48,554 17%
Asia* 190,992 31% 83,022 29%
Africa 93,957 15% 29,197 10%
Americas 48,028 8% 32,920 11%
Australia 36,593 6% 69,946 24%
Middle East 7,663 1% 19,730 7%
Others 2,718 0% 6,590 3%
614,853 100% 289,959 100%
* Exclude Malaysia and Middle East
 Exposure to expected credit losses increases with concentrations of credit risk which may exist when a number of 
counterparties are involved in similar activities or operate in the same industry sector or geographical area, which may result 
in their ability to meet contractual obligations being impacted by changes in economic, political or other conditions.
 The Group’s principal customers with which it conducts business are diversified and there is no significant concentration 
of credit risk to any single customer or a group of customers at the reporting date.
 Deposits with banks and other financial institutions are placed with or entered into with reputable financial institutions or 
companies with high credit ratings and no history of default.
Annual Report 2024
233
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 236 ----
41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(a) Classification of financial instruments
 The accounting policies in Note 2.13 and Note 2.18 describe how the categories of financial instruments are measured, 
and how income and expenses are recognised.
 The table below reflects the financial assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position by the categories of financial 
instrument to which they are assigned:
Note
Debt
instruments
at amortised 
cost
 RM’000
Financial
 liabilities
at amortised
cost
 RM’000
Total
RM’000
Group
As at 31 January 2024
Assets
Trade and other receivables * 812,277 – 812,277
Cash, deposits and bank balances 24 1,453,506 – 1,453,506
Total financial assets 2,265,783 – 2,265,783
Total non-financial assets 11,730,106
Total assets 13,995,889
Liabilities
Borrowings 31 – 10,982,446 10,982,446
Trade and other payables 33 – 5,531,997 5,531,997
Lease liabilities 35 – 39,446 39,446
Total financial liabilities – 16,553,889 16,553,889
Total non-financial liabilities 1,663,080
Total liabilities 18,216,969
* These balances exclude non-financial instrument balances which are not within the scope of MFRS 9: Financial Instruments.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
234
Group Overview

---- Page 237 ----
41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT’D.)
(a) Classification of financial instruments (cont’d.)
 The table below reflects the financial assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position by the categories of financial 
instrument to which they are assigned (cont’d.):
Note
Debt
 instruments
at amortised 
cost
 RM’000
Financial
 liabilities
at amortised
cost
 RM’000
Total
RM’000
Group
As at 31 January 2023
Assets
Trade and other receivables * 725,326 – 725,326
Cash, deposits and bank balances 24 850,125 – 850,125
Total financial assets 1,575,451 – 1,575,451
Total non-financial assets 11,127,934
Total assets 12,703,385
Liabilities
Borrowings 31 – 10,615,934 10,615,934
Trade and other payables 33 – 3,728,566 3,728,566
Lease liabilities 35 – 41,655 41,655
Total financial liabilities – 14,386,155 14,386,155
Total non-financial liabilities 1,222,952
Total liabilities 15,609,107
* These balances exclude non-financial instrument balances which are not within the scope of MFRS 9: Financial Instruments.
Annual Report 2024
235
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 238 ----
41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT’D.)
(a) Classification of financial instruments (cont’d.)
 The table below reflects the financial assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position by the categories of financial 
instrument to which they are assigned (cont’d.):
Note
Debt
 instruments
at amortised
cost
 RM’000
Financial
 liabilities
at amortised
cost
 RM’000
Total
RM’000
Company
As at 31 January 2024
Assets
Amounts due from subsidiaries 21 3,238 – 3,238
Other receivables * 4 – 4
Cash, deposits and bank balances 24 3,629 – 3,629
Total financial assets 6,871 – 6,871
Total non-financial assets 1,784,470
Total assets 1,791,341
Liabilities
Amounts due to subsidiaries 32 – 5,756,416 5,756,416
Trade and other payables 33 – 192,766 192,766
Lease liabilities 35 – 14,980 14,980
Total financial liabilities – 5,964,162 5,964,162
Total non-financial liabilities –
Total liabilities 5,964,162
* These balances exclude non-financial instrument balances which are not within the scope of MFRS 9: Financial Instruments.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
236
Group Overview

---- Page 239 ----
41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT’D.)
(a) Classification of financial instruments (cont’d.)
 The table below reflects the financial assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position by the categories of financial 
instrument to which they are assigned (cont’d.):
Note
Debt
 instruments
at amortised
cost
 RM’000
Financial
 liabilities
at amortised
cost
 RM’000
Total
RM’000
Company
As at 31 January 2023
Assets
Amounts due from subsidiaries 21 10,379 – 10,379
Other receivables * 1 – 1
Cash, deposits and bank balances 24 4,562 – 4,562
Total financial assets 14,942 – 14,942
Total non-financial assets 1,809,764
Total assets 1,824,706
Liabilities
Amounts due to subsidiaries 32 – 5,388,663 5,388,663
Trade and other payables 33 – 151,608 151,608
Lease liabilities 35 – 27,251 27,251
Total financial liabilities – 5,567,522 5,567,522
Total non-financial liabilities –
Total liabilities 5,567,522
* These balances exclude non-financial instrument balances which are not within the scope of MFRS 9: Financial Instruments.
Annual Report 2024
237
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 240 ----
41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT’D.)
(b) Financial instruments that are not carried at fair value and whose carrying amounts are reasonable 
approximation of fair value
 The following are classes of financial instruments that are not carried at fair value and whose carrying amounts are 
reasonable approximation of fair value:
Note
Trade and other receivables 22
Trade and other payables 33
Borrowings 31
Amounts due from subsidiaries 21
Amounts due to subsidiaries 32
 The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities (except for the fixed rate borrowings) are reasonable approximation 
of fair values either due to their short-term nature or that they are floating rate instruments that are re-priced to the market 
interest rates on or near reporting date.
 The carrying amounts of the fixed rate borrowings are reasonable approximations of fair values due to the insignificant 
impact of incremental market rate.
(c) Fair value hierarchy
 The Group’s and the Company’s financial instruments are analysed in a three level fair value hierarchy based on the 
significance of inputs as disclosed in Note 2.30.
42. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
 Capital management refers to implementing measures to maintain sufficient capital to support the Group’s business and growth 
plans. The Group’s capital management objectives are to ensure the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and maximise 
shareholders’ value.
 One of the key considerations in this regard is to maintain ready access to capital markets and to preserve the Group’s ability 
to repay and service debt obligations over time.
 The Group manages its capital structure and monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital. 
The Group endeavours to maintain an optimal gearing ratio and regularly monitors its gearing level.
Group
Note
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Borrowings 31 10,982,446 10,615,934
Add: Unamortised transaction cost 83,665 100,608
Less: Cash, deposits and bank balances 24 (1,453,506) (850,125)
Net debt 9,612,605 9,866,417
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
238
Group Overview

---- Page 241 ----
42. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (CONT’D.)
Group
2024
RM’000
2023
RM’000
Total shareholders’ deficit (4,221,080) (2,905,722)
Add: Non-controlling interests 38,222 26,632
Total capital (4,182,858) (2,879,090)
Net gearing ratio N/A N/A
 The Group has not presented its gearing ratio since previous financial year due to the shareholders’ deficit position.
43. SEGMENT INFORMATION
(a) Operating segments
 The Group organised its businesses as follows:
(i) Engineering and Construction (“E&C”);
(ii) Operations and Maintenance (“O&M”);
(iii) Drilling;
(iv) Exploration and Production (“E&P”); and
(v) Corporate
 Major activities of the E&C business segment are:
– Offshore Construction and Subsea Services (“OCSS”) which provide complete offshore construction and installation works 
for offshore platforms, submarine pipelines and Subsea facilities, Umbilicals, Risers and Flowlines (“SURF”).
– Engineering, Procurement, Construction (“EPC”) which provide end-to-end, turnkey EPCIC solutions for the energy 
industry.
 O&M works ranging from major upgrading, modification and rejuvenation, to topside life extension preventive, corrective 
maintenance works and Hook-up & Commissioning (“HUC”) which provide services for new and existing facilities in the oil 
and gas industry.
 The Drilling segment is involved in the charter of oil drilling rigs and provision of drilling related services.
 Sapura Exploration & Production (Sabah) Inc. remains in E&P segment. The share of profit from SapuraOMV is recorded 
under the E&P segment.
Annual Report 2024
239
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 242 ----
43. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONT’D.)
(a) Operating segments (cont’d.)
Engineering
 and
Construction
 RM’000
Operations 
and 
Maintenance
RM’000
Drilling
 RM’000
Exploration 
and 
Production
RM’000
Corporate
RM’000
Eliminations*
RM’000
Consolidated
RM’000
31 January 2024
Revenue
External sales 2,628,618 453,545 1,236,331 – – – 4,318,494
Inter-segment sales 81,790 126,800 – – 106,263 (314,853) –
Total revenue 2,710,408 580,345 1,236,331 – 106,263 (314,853) 4,318,494
Results
Segment (loss)/profit (513,294) (55,191) 371,801 1,584 50,287 176,440 31,627
Finance costs (800,115)
Interest income 18,423
Share of profit/(loss) from associates 
and joint ventures 332,199 19,385 – (2,081) (12,280) – 337,223
Loss before tax (412,842)
Income tax expense (105,858)
Loss net of tax (518,700)
Non-controlling interests 10,042
Loss for the year attributable to 
owners of the Parent (508,658)
Assets
Segment assets 5,319,906 787,441 3,028,914 175 2,012,544 (2,127,712) 9,021,268
Investment in associates and joint 
ventures 2,719,058 40,017 – 1,858,500 1,512 – 4,619,087
Goodwill on consolidation 239,107 – – – – – 239,107
Deferred tax assets 92,832 17,611 5,984 – – – 116,427
Consolidated total assets 13,995,889
Liabilities
Segment liabilities 4,578,926 459,542 672,300 2,403 1,744,656 (275,960) 7,181,867
Borrowings 2,129 5,400 – – 10,974,917 – 10,982,446
Deferred tax liabilities 24,078 – 28,578 – – – 52,656
Consolidated total liabilities 18,216,969
Other Information
Capital expenditure 72,370 36,092 95,714 – 3,928 – 208,104
Depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment 169,814 52,488 164,427 – 19,895 111 406,735
Provision for impairment on property, 
plant and equipment – 25,825 – – – – 25,825
* Inter-segment transactions are eliminated on consolidation.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
240
Group Overview

---- Page 243 ----
43. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONT’D.)
(a) Operating segments (cont’d.)
Engineering
 and
Construction
 RM’000
Operations 
and 
Maintenance
RM’000
Drilling
 RM’000
Exploration 
and 
Production
RM’000
Corporate
RM’000
Eliminations*
RM’000
Consolidated
RM’000
31 January 2023
Revenue
External sales 2,819,871 357,278 1,374,105 – – – 4,551,254
Inter-segment sales 1,708 160,545 – – 140,593 (302,846) –
Total revenue 2,821,579 517,823 1,374,105 – 140,593 (302,846) 4,551,254
Results
Segment (loss)/profit (1,075,064) 111,173 (1,415,123) (138) (3,439,072) 3,362,063 (2,456,161)
Finance costs (622,831)
Interest income 14,035
Share of profit/(loss) from associates 
and joint ventures 291,432 26,607 – (355,564) (1,075) – (38,600)
Loss before tax (3,103,557)
Income tax expense (71,970)
Loss net of tax (3,175,527)
Non-controlling interests 17,847
Loss for the year attributable to 
owners of the Parent (3,157,680)
Assets
Segment assets 4,951,641 561,799 2,819,862 725 2,218,262 (2,332,956) 8,219,333
Investment in associates and joint 
ventures 2,423,818 37,207 – 1,663,236 13,957 – 4,138,218
Goodwill on consolidation 239,107 – – – – – 239,107
Deferred tax assets 86,790 17,676 2,261 – – – 106,727
Consolidated total assets 12,703,385
Liabilities
Segment liabilities 4,399,609 259,122 770,954 3,736 947,952 (1,426,487) 4,954,886
Borrowings 1,815 5,400 – – 10,608,719 – 10,615,934
Deferred tax liabilities 16,239 36 22,012 – – – 38,287
Consolidated total liabilities 15,609,107
Other Information
Capital expenditure 41,646 10,875 145,002 – 5,268 – 202,791
Depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment 165,857 28,517 331,054 – 18,731 205 544,364
Amortisation of intangible assets 2,847 22 1,533 – – – 4,402
Provision for impairment on property, 
plant and equipment – – 1,156,355 – – 146 1,156,501
Provision for impairment on goodwill 1,061,446 – 402,225 – – – 1,463,671
* Inter-segment transactions are eliminated on consolidation.
Annual Report 2024
241
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 244 ----
43. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONT’D.)
(a) Operating segments (cont’d.)
 Management monitors the operating results of its business units separately for the purpose of making decisions about 
resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on operating profit or loss which, 
in certain respects as explained in the table below, is measured differently from operating profit or loss in the consolidated 
financial statements. Corporate assets, group financing (including finance costs) and income taxes are managed on a group 
basis and are not allocated to operating segments.
 Transfer prices between operating segments are on a negotiated basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.
(b) Geographical information
 The Group operates in various geographical areas in the world. In Malaysia, its home country, the Group’s areas of operation 
are installation of pipelines and facilities, engineering, procurement, construction and commissioning, offshore oil and gas 
drilling services, subsea and offshore support services and geotechnical and maintenance services. Malaysia is also the main 
country of operation for exploration and production business that involved in exploration, development and production of 
crude oil and natural gas. Other operations in Malaysia include oilfield development and production, investment holding 
and provision of management services.
 The Group also operates in other countries/regions:
(i) Asia (excluding Malaysia and Middle East) – installation of pipelines and facilities, provision of engineering, procurement, 
construction and commissioning, provision for drilling rigs and services, provision of geotechnical and geophysical 
services to the oil and gas industry and vessel chartering.
(ii) Australia – installation of pipelines and facilities and development of marine technology and marine chartering, 
specialising on ROV.
(iii) Americas – installation of pipelines and facilities, provision of technical consulting, advising to oil and gas companies 
and provision of offshore oil and gas drilling services.
(iv) Middle East – provision of offshore and onshore engineering, procurement, construction (fabrication), transportation, 
installation, hook-up, commissioning and maintenance of fixed and floating oil and gas facilities, brownfield rejuvenation, 
marine construction, marine conversion, marine repair and infrastructure and construction.
(v) Africa – provision of offshore oil and gas drilling services and installation of pipelines and facilities.
(vi) Others – provision of advanced subsea and floating systems engineering and project management services to offshore 
projects.
 Further details of revenue from external customers by geographical areas are disclosed in Note 3.2.
 Majority of the Group’s segment assets are highly mobile and moves from one geographical area to another in order to 
maximise revenue generation opportunities. Consequently, segment assets by geographical area are not presented.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
242
Group Overview

---- Page 245 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows:
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(a) Subsidiaries of Sapura Energy Berhad
Total Marine Technology (Malaysia) 
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Act as agent and service provider for 
oil and gas industry
100 100 
Sapura Deepwater Pte. Ltd Bermuda Dormant 100 100
Sapura GeoSciences Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of offshore geotechnical 
and geophysical services
100 100
Sapura Technology Solutions  
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Investment holding, provision of 
operation and maintenance 
services and provision of 
management services
100 100
SapuraCrest Ventures Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
Crest Hidayat (L) Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Dormant 100 100
Sapura Perdana Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Dana SPV Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Chartering and hiring out of vessels 
and barges
100 100
SapuraCrest Petroleum Berhad Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Management Services  
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Management services 100 100
Sapura Nautical Essence Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia/Taiwan/
Singapore
Front-end engineering design 
(“FEED”), detailed design 
engineering (“DDE”), procurement, 
construction, offshore 
transportation and installation, 
hook-up, commissioning and 
maintenance of fixed and floating 
oil and gas facilities, diving and 
subsea services, flexible and rigid 
pipelay, installation of subsea 
umbilicals, risers and flowlines and 
cables, and decommissioning of 
offshore structures
100 100
Sapura Petroleum Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
Annual Report 2024
243
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 246 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(a) Subsidiaries of Sapura Energy Berhad (cont’d.)
Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia/Qatar/
Brunei
Provision of offshore and onshore 
engineering, procurement, 
construction (fabrication), 
transportation, installation, hook-up, 
commissioning and maintenance of 
fixed and floating oil and gas 
facilities, brownfield rejuvenation, 
marine construction, marine 
conversion, marine repair and 
infrastructure construction
100 100
Geomark Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Energy Ventures Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Marine Engineering  
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Provision of offshore construction 
and diving equipment
100 100
Momentum Energy Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Onshore Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of engineering, fabrication 
and construction services
100 100
Sapura Engineering Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of front-end engineering 
design (“FEED”) and detailed design 
engineering (“DDE”)
100 100
SE Petroleum Berhad Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Hook-up, commissioning, 
maintenance brownfield 
rejuvenation and onshore 
construction
100 100
Sapura Petroleum Ventures  
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
SEB Energy Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of offshore diving and 
related services and the provision 
of diving equipment for rental
100 100
Sapura TMC Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of treasury management 
services
100 100
Sapura 900 Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Vessel owner and chartering 100 100
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
244
Group Overview

---- Page 247 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(a) Subsidiaries of Sapura Energy Berhad (cont’d.)
Sapura 3000 Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Dormant 100 100
Sapura Energy Services Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Drilling Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Drilling Probadi Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Upstream Assets Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Global Services Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of strategic services to the 
operating companies, training and 
consultancy services
100 100
Sinar E&C Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
(b) Held through Sapura GeoSciences Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Jaya Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Chartering of vessels 100 100
(c) Held through Sapura Jaya Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura GeoSurvey Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Hydrographic surveys and related 
services
100 100
Sapura GeoTechnics Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Soil investigation and geotechnical 
services
100 100
(d) Held through Sapura GeoSurvey Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura GeoSurvey Pte. Ltd. Singapore Dormant 100 100
(e) Held through Sapura GeoTechnics Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura GeoTechnics (S) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Soil investigation and geotechnical 
services
100 100
Sapura Oilserve Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
(f) Held through Sapura Oilserve Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Oilserve Labuan Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Dormant 100 100
Annual Report 2024
245
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 248 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(g) Held through Sapura Technology Solutions Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Digital Solutions Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Power Services Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of maintenance services to 
the power utility and oil and gas 
industries
94.4 94.4
Sapura Diving Services Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Maintenance Services  
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Provision of maintenance services to 
the power, utility and oil and gas 
industries
100 100
Sapura Petroleum Technologies 
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Dormant 99.7 99.7
Sapura Services Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Vessels Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Dormant 100 100
Sapura Energy Infinite Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
(h) Held through Sapura Energy Infinite Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Energy Resources  
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Investment holding 100 100
(i) Held through Sapura Energy Resources Sdn. Bhd.
Sarku Engineering Services  
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Provision of offshore engineering 
services, marine support and 
logistic assistance for the oil and 
gas industry
100 100
Sapura Marine Ventures Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of crew, chartering and 
hiring out of barges
100 100
Sapura Engineering (Offshore)  
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Chartering and hiring out of barges, 
vessels and operational equipment 
including provision of crew
100 100
(j) Held through SapuraCrest Ventures Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Exploration and Production 
(RSC) Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia Dormant 100 100
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
246
Group Overview

---- Page 249 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(k) Held through Sapura Exploration and Production (RSC) Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Sambang Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
(l) Held through Sapura Management Services Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Talent Pte. Ltd. Singapore Manpower contracting services, 
manage crews, seafarers including 
marine crews
100 100
(m) Held through Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Talent Ltd. Bermuda/Mexico Provision of manpower services 100 100
Sapura 1200 Ltd. Bermuda Vessel owner and chartering 100 100
Sapura 3500 Ltd. Bermuda Vessel owner and chartering 100 100
Sapura FLB-1 Ltd Bermuda Vessel owner and chartering 100 100
Sapura Saudi Arabia Company Saudi Arabia Engineering, procurement, 
construction, offshore transportation 
and installation, hook-up and 
commissioning of offshore 
structures, pipelines and cables
100 100
Sapura Energy DMCC Dubai, United 
Arab Emirates
Onshore and offshore oil and gas 
field services
100 100
Sapura Energy B.V. Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands and 
Azerbaijan
Design, fabricate, install, commission 
and maintenance of marine 
offshore facilities
100 100
Sapura Energy (UK) Ltd. England and 
Wales/Libya
Other specialised construction 
activities n.e.c, engineering design 
activities for industrial process and 
production, provision and 
management of human resources 
functions, and combined facilities 
support activities
100 100
Sapura Energy, (EG) S.L. Republic of 
Equatorial Guinea
Provision of engineering and 
construction services, operations 
and maintenance services, drilling 
and oil well completion services 
hydrocarbons for the industry
65 65
Sapura Energy (Thailand) Limited Thailand Provision of offshore diving and 
related services
49 49
Annual Report 2024
247
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 250 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(n) Held through Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura Energy DMCC
Sapura Energy Do Brasil LTDA. Brazil Maintenance and installation of 
offshore/submarine platforms and 
marine pipelines
100 100
(o) Held through Sapura Energy DMCC
Alta Navegación de México,  
S. de. R.L. de C.V.
Mexico The acquisition, lease, chartering, 
flagging, administration, 
matriculation and operation of 
vessels
49 49
(p) Held through Sapura Energy (UK) Ltd.
Sapura Energy Ghana Limited Ghana Engineering, procurement, 
construction, installation, 
commissioning, maintenance and 
decommissioning fixed and floating 
oil and gas facilities, marine 
construction, marine conversion, 
marine repair, infrastructure 
construction, construction and 
installation of offshore renewable 
facilities
100 100
(q) Held through Sapura Petroleum Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Nautical Bay Pte. Ltd. Singapore Investment holding 100 100
*Sapura Petroleum Inc. The State of 
Texas, United 
States of America
Dormant – 100
SapuraMex Pte. Ltd. Singapore Investment holding 100 100
SapuraKencana Enerji Çözümleri 
Anonim Şirketi
Turkey Dormant 100 100
(r) Held through Sapura Nautical Bay Pte. Ltd.
Sapura Nautical Power Pte. Ltd. Singapore Investment holding 100 100
(s) Held through Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. and SapuraMex Pte. Ltd.
Sapura Energy Mexicana, S.A.P.I. 
de C.V.
Mexico Engineering, procurement, 
construction, installation and 
commissioning of offshore facilities 
and pipelines
100 100
* Dissolved effective 22 February 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
248
Group Overview

---- Page 251 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(t) Held through SapuraMex Pte. Ltd.
Sapura 3500 (S) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Chartering and hiring out of vessel 100 100
(u) Held through Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Marine Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Operation and management of 
fabrication yard
100 100
Sapura Energy Vietnam Limited Vietnam Dormant 100 100
(v) Held through Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura Petroleum Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Engineering & Construction 
(India) Pvt. Ltd.
India Engineering, procurement, 
construction, installation and 
commissioning of offshore facilities 
and pipelines
100 100
(w) Held through Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Energy Engineering & 
Construction, LDA
Angola Supply of services to oil and gas 
industry
100 100
(x) Held through Geomark Sdn. Bhd.
Quippo Prakash Pte. Ltd. Singapore Dormant 100 100
(y) Held through Sapura Energy Ventures Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Exploration and Production 
(Sabah) Inc.
Bahamas/ 
Malaysia
Dormant 100 100
(z) Held through Momentum Energy Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Australia (Holdings)  
Pty. Ltd.
Australia Investment holding 100 100
Annual Report 2024
249
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 252 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(aa) Held through Sapura Australia (Holdings) Pty. Ltd.
Sapura USA Holdings Incorporated State of Delaware, 
United States of 
America
Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Investment holding 100 100
Peritus International Limited United Kingdom Provision of advanced subsea and 
floating systems engineering, 
project management services to 
offshore oil and gas projects and 
developments in remote, hostile 
and deepwater environments
100 100
Peritus International Pty. Ltd. Australia Provision of advanced subsea and 
floating systems engineering and 
project management services to 
offshore projects
100 100
(ab) Held through Sapura Australia Pty. Ltd.
Sapura Petroleum (Australia)  
Pty. Ltd.
Australia Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Projects Pty. Ltd. Australia Investment holding 100 100
SC Projects Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Constructor Pte. Ltd. Singapore Vessel owner and chartering 100 100
Sapura Assets Pty. Ltd. Australia Owner and operator of marine assets 100 100
Normand Sapura Pty. Ltd. Australia Sub-charter and provision of project 
delivery capabilities, technology 
and proprietary offshore assets
100 100
(ac) Held through Sapura USA Holdings Incorporated
Ocean Flow International LLC The State of 
Texas, United 
States of America
Provision of technical consulting and 
advising to oil and gas operating 
companies
100 100
Peritus International Inc. The State of 
Texas, United 
States of America
Provision of advanced subsea and 
floating systems engineering and 
project management services to 
offshore projects
100 100
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
250
Group Overview

---- Page 253 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(ad) Held through Sapura Constructor Pte. Ltd.
Sapura Projects Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Dormant 100 100 
(ae) Held through Peritus International Pty. Ltd.
Peritus International Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of engineering consultancy 
services for the oil and gas industry
100 100
(af) Held through Sapura Onshore Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Subsea Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of engineering, fabrication 
and construction works
100 100
Sapura Assets Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Property investment 100 100
(ag) Held through Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura Petroleum Ventures Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Energy (B) Sdn. Bhd. Brunei Investment holding 100 100
(ah) Held through Sapura Energy (B) Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Energy Services (B)  
Sdn. Bhd.
Brunei Service provider for oil and gas 
industry
70 70
(ai) Held through Sapura Petroleum Ventures Sdn. Bhd.
*Sapura Marine Drilling Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Nautilus Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Service provider for offshore support 
vessels
100 100
(aj) Held through Sapura Nautilus Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Gemia (Labuan) Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Provision of offshore support vessels 
for oil and gas industry
100 100
Sapura Teras Ventures Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of offshore support vessels 
for oil and gas industry
100 100
Sapura Redang (Labuan) Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Provision of offshore support vessels 
for oil and gas industry
100 100
* In the midst of members’ voluntary winding-up.
Annual Report 2024
251
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 254 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(ak) Held through Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd.
Sapura Marine Services Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Subsea Corporation Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Leasing of vessels and related 
equipment
100 100
Maju Hydro Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
Sapura Subsea Robotics 
Corporation
Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Leasing of ROV and Hyperbaric 
Reception Facility
100 100
Sapura SS Corporation Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Dormant 100 100
(al) Held through Sapura Energy Services Sdn. Bhd.
Total Marine Technology Pty. Ltd. Australia Development of marine technology 
and marine chartering, specialising 
on ROVs
94 94
(am) Held through Total Marine Technology Pty. Ltd.
Sapura Excersize Pty. Ltd. Australia Owner and operator of ROVs for the 
offshore oil and gas industries
94 94
Sapura Babalon Pty. Ltd. Australia Owner and operator of ROVs for the 
offshore oil and gas industries
94 94
(an) Held through Total Marine Technology Pty. Ltd. and Sapura Babalon Pty. Ltd.
ROV TMT Nigeria Limited Federal Republic 
of Nigeria
Lease equipment and subcontract 
manpower services
94 94
(ao) Held through Sapura Drilling Pte. Ltd.
Sapura Drilling (S) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rigs and providing 
management services
100 100
Sapura Drilling (Bermuda) Ltd. Bermuda Investment holding 100 100
Sapura Drilling Resources Ltd. Bermuda Provision of crew services 100 100
Sapura Drilling Labuan Leasing Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Hire and charter of the oil drilling 
rigs
100 100
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
252
Group Overview

---- Page 255 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.) 
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(ap) Held through Sapura Drilling (S) Pte. Ltd.
Sapura Drilling T-10 Ltd. Mauritius Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling T-11 Ltd. Mauritius Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling T-12 Ltd. Mauritius Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling T-17 Ltd. Mauritius Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling T-18 Ltd. Mauritius Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
(aq) Held through Sapura Drilling (Bermuda) Ltd.
Sapura Drilling T-10 Ltd. Bermuda Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling T-11 Ltd. Bermuda Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling T-12 Ltd. Bermuda Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling T-17 Ltd. Bermuda Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling T-18 Ltd. Bermuda Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling T-19 Ltd. Bermuda Dormant 100 100
Sapura Drilling T-20 Ltd. Bermuda Dormant 100 100
Sapura Drilling Berani Ltd. Bermuda/
Indonesia
Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling Alliance Ltd. Bermuda Dormant 100 100
*Sapura Drilling Setia Ltd. Bermuda Dormant – 100
Sapura Drilling Esperanza Ltd. Bermuda Leasing of drilling rig and providing 
drilling services to offshore oil and 
gas industry
100 100
Sapura Drilling Jaya Ltd. Bermuda/ 
Republic of 
Trinidad &  
Tobago
Leasing of drilling rig and providing 
drilling services to offshore oil and 
gas industry
100 100
* Dissolved effective 25 January 2024
Annual Report 2024
253
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 256 ----
44. SUBSIDIARIES AND ACTIVITIES (CONT’D.)
(i) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows (cont’d.):
Name of Subsidiaries
Country of 
Incorporation/
Principal Place
of Business Principal Activities
Proportion of
Ownership Interest
2024
%
2023
%
(aq) Held through Sapura Drilling (Bermuda) Ltd. (cont’d.)
Sapura Drilling Raiqa Ltd. Bermuda Leasing of offshore oil and gas 
drilling rig
100 100
Sapura Drilling Asia Limited Hong Kong/
Thailand
Investment holding and provision of 
oil drilling services
100 100
Sapura Drilling Services Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of management services for 
tender rig business
100 100
^Sapura Drilling Holdings (Panama)
Inc.
Panama Dormant – 100
*Sapura Drilling Kinabalu Pte. Ltd. Federal Territory 
of Labuan, 
Malaysia
Dormant – 100
(ar) Held through Sapura Drilling Asia Limited
Sapura Drilling Holdings Limited Hong Kong/ 
Ivory Coast
Investment holding and provision of 
oil drilling services
100 100
(as) Held through Sapura Drilling Asia Limited and Sapura Drilling Holdings Limited
Sapura Energy Angola, LDA Republic of 
Angola
Provision of drilling services to 
offshore oil and gas industry
100 100
(at) Held through Sapura Drilling Pte. Ltd. and Sapura Drilling Asia Limited
Sapura Drilling Sdn. Bhd. Brunei Offshore drilling, workover and 
development of oil and gas wells
100 100
PT Sapura Nordrill Indonesia Indonesia Dormant 95 95
(au) Held through Sapura Drilling Probadi Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura Drilling Asia Limited
Sapura Drilling Asia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Provision of oil drilling services 100 100
Varia Perdana Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Dormant 100 100
^ Dissolved effective 3 August 2023
* Dissolved effective 26 December 2023
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
254
Group Overview

---- Page 257 ----
45. JOINT OPERATION ARRANGEMENTS
 Details of the joint operation arrangements are as follows:
Production Sharing Contracts:
Participating Interest
2024
%
2023
%
Sabah
SB331 70 70
SB332 70 70
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION
(a) Sarku Engineering Services Sdn. Bhd. vs Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited
 On 20 February 2006, Sarku Engineering Services Sdn. Bhd. (“SESSB”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered 
into a contract with Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited (“ONGC”) for the performance of works by SESSB to revamp 
26 well platforms located in Mumbai High South field offshore site (“Contract”).
 On 21 September 2012, SESSB commenced arbitration proceedings by filing a Statement of Claim against ONGC in relation 
to disputes pursuant to the Contract for a sum of Indian Rupee (“INR”) 1,063,759,201 and USD123,819,632 (including interest, 
costs, losses and damages).
 On 17 December 2012, ONGC filed their reply to the Statement of Claim. No counter claims have been filed by ONGC. 
Documents and witness statements have been filed.
 Examination in chief took place in January 2014 whereby a revised list of documents was exchanged and recorded.
 The cross examination of ONGC’s witness was held from 22 to 24 December 2014 and 5 to 6 January 2015.
 In January 2018 and February 2018, SESSB concluded its arguments on each of the claims filed before the tribunal. On 5 
February 2018, submissions were made by SESSB’s external counsel and thereafter SESSB’s arguments were concluded.
 ONGC’s counsels submitted and concluded their arguments in defence on 6 February 2018 and on 2 to 4 May 2018.
 The proceedings continued on 21, 22 and 23 November 2018 with submissions from SESSB’s counsel. The tribunal heard 
ONGC’s counsel’s submissions on 12 and 13 February 2019. Final written submissions were submitted to the tribunal on 
15 April 2019. ONGC presented its submissions on 31 July 2019.
 On 30 November 2019, SESSB was awarded the sum of USD3,009,789 (“First Award”) by the arbitral tribunal, comprising 
claims of work done valued at USD1,983,521 (subject to 4.368% withholding tax to be deducted by ONGC) and interests 
of USD1,026,267 (subject to income tax of 43.68%).
 SESSB has instructed its solicitors to file an appeal against the above award.
 SESSB has been advised by its solicitors that SESSB has reasonably strong grounds to appeal against the arbitral tribunal’s 
decision. The following are the reasons provided by its solicitors as grounds of appeal against the arbitral tribunal’s award:
(i) The arbitral tribunal had failed to consider the record and detailed written and oral submissions on behalf of SESSB in 
arriving at its findings and they have made and error in rejecting most of SESSB’s claims; and
(ii) There were instances of procedural irregularities in favour of ONGC in the arbitration which may be grounds to a 
successful challenge of the award in High Court of Judicature at Bombay (the “Bombay High Court”).
Annual Report 2024
255
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 258 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(a) Sarku Engineering Services Sdn. Bhd. vs Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited (cont’d.)
 ONGC filed an application to the arbitral tribunal disputing the computation of the award and seeking a correction of the 
amounts awarded in respect of the interest portion of the award.
 The application by ONGC for correction of the errors in the award was allowed by the arbitral tribunal on 29 August 2020. 
The total amount payable by ONGC as per the Final Award is USD413,037 (“Final Award”). The difference between the First 
Award and the Final Award is in the sum of USD2,596,752. Parties will have 90 days from the date of the Final Award to 
file an appeal to the Bombay High Court.
 Our solicitors had accordingly filed an appeal on 8 December 2020 to challenge or set aside parts of the First Award and 
the Final Award which reject the claims of SESSB. The matter is now pending admission stage where it is to be listed for 
hearing upon filing of petition.
 For the sums awarded to SESSB under the Final Award which are not being appealed against, a LOD was issued to ONGC 
on 7 May 2021 to demand for the payment of sum of INR19,693,815 and USD146,904. SESSB’s solicitors advised that the 
LOD will not affect SESSB’s position in respect of its action to challenge or set aside the award.
 Considering the lack of response from ONGC on the LOD, our solicitors are weighing further options and possible 
enforcement actions. The advice from our solicitors with regards to the hearing date for the appeal, was matters which 
require urgent/interim reliefs are usually taken up in normal course. Since no interim relief has been sought in the appeal, 
it is taking time for the petition to be listed.
 We have instructed our solicitors to appoint a junior counsel to appear before the Bombay High Court to expedite the 
listing process of the appeal filed by SESSB.
 With respect to the sums awarded under the Final Award, SESSB has been advised to file an Execution Petition in court 
and we were in the process of filing the Execution Petition.
 However, after several attempts by our solicitors, the Appeal had been considered for listing or admission on 27 June 2024. 
As such, SESSB will no longer be appointing junior counsel nor filing the Execution Petition.
(b) Petrofac (Malaysia) Limited vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd.
 On 18 March 2011, Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. (“SFSB”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a contract 
with Petrofac (Malaysia) Limited (“PML”) to provide works for the engineering, procurement and construction of well head 
platforms for the Cendor Phase 2 Development Project located in Block PM 304 in the Malaysian sector of the South China 
Sea (“Contract”).
 On 26 March 2018, SFSB received a commencement request from PML to formally initiate a claim in relation to disputes 
arising from the Contract by way of arbitration proceedings at the Asian International Arbitration Centre, for damages 
amounting to a sum of USD9,558,003 and RM16,785,227 vide its Re-amended Point of Claims. PML has alleged breach of 
riser height requirements and preservation obligations by SFSB. The claim by PML was made separately in two currencies 
as the claim is based on the rates and currencies prescribed in the Contract.
 On 26 April 2018, SFSB responded to PML’s claim and made a counter claim for a total amount of RM13,521,495.
 The arbitrators have been appointed and parties had attended the first arbitration meeting on 21 July 2018. PML filed their 
Points of Claim on 21 September 2018 and SFSB filed its Defence and Counterclaim on 3 December 2018. Subsequently, 
PML submitted their Points of Reply and Defence to Counterclaim on 4 February 2019. PML requested to amend their 
Points of Claim and the same was filed on 8 March 2019. SFSB filed its rejoinder on 18 March 2019. The deadline for parties 
to exchange the bundle of documents was on 5 April 2019 and any request for discovery/disclosure was to be filed on 9 
May 2019. The documents ordered to be produced by SFSB were produced on 12 September 2019. On the other hand, 
the documents ordered to be produced by PML were partially tendered on 23 September 2019. Witness Statements were 
filed on 15 November 2019 and the rebuttal witness statements were filed on 15 December 2019.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
256
Group Overview

---- Page 259 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(b) Petrofac (Malaysia) Limited vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. (cont’d.)
 The hearing proceeded on 26, 27 and 28 April 2021 as scheduled with two (2) of PML’s witnesses giving evidence. The 
hearing continued on the following dates:
(i) 30 April 2021;
(ii) 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 & 10 May 2021;
(iii) 20 to 24 September 2021;
(iv) 27 September 2021 to 1 October 2021; and
(v) 4 to 6 October 2021.
 During the case management on 6 April 2021, the tribunal vacated the May 2021 dates as two of PML’s witnesses were 
unable to attend the April and May 2021 hearing dates.
 The hearing proceeded on the following dates as scheduled:
(i) 20 to 24 September 2021;
(ii) 27 September 2021 to 1 October 2021;
(iii) 4, 6, 7 and 8 October 2021; and
(iv) 13 November 2021.
 The hearing dates scheduled in January and February 2022 were vacated and the tribunal fixed the following dates for 
continued hearing:
(i) 25 to 29 April 2022;
(ii) 17 to 20 May 2022;
(iii) 8 to 12 August 2022; and
(iv) 15 to 19 August 2022.
 The matter was scheduled for case management on 22 April 2022 and the tribunal vacated the earlier fixed hearing dates 
due to the Restraining Order obtained in Originating Summons WA-24NCC-148-03/2022 which came into effect on 10 
March 2022.
 PML indicated that they are currently awaiting to receive the applicable notice from SFSB to allow them to proceed with 
the filing of POD. Subject to the outcome of their POD, PML will then consider whether or not to seek leave to proceed 
with the arbitration in accordance with the terms of the Restraining Order.
 A case management conference was scheduled to be conducted on 11 August 2022 for the parties to update the tribunal 
vis-à-vis the status/outcome of the scheme and for the tribunal to chart the course of the arbitration moving forward.
 SFSB was verifying the POD submitted by PML.
 The case management conference on 11 August 2022 was vacated as the Tribunal instructed the parties to provide a joint 
status report on the POD by 11 November 2022.
 On 11 November 2022, the tribunal directed the parties to provide a brief update to the tribunal on status of PML’s POD 
claims and a case management was scheduled on 18 January 2023.
Annual Report 2024
257
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 260 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(b) Petrofac (Malaysia) Limited vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. (cont’d.)
 During the case management on 18 January 2023, SFSB’s solicitors informed the tribunal that a Notice of Admission of 
POD was issued to PML on 16 January 2023 in response to PML’s POD Form. The tribunal was also made aware of the 
contents of the said Notice of Admission from SFSB. SFSB’s solicitors further informed the tribunal that moving forward, 
SFSB will provide an Explanatory Statement in relation to the PSA to PML which sets out the payment terms and the date 
of the CCM.
 In light of the current Restraining Order that would expire on early 10 March 2023, the tribunal had requested parties to 
provide the tribunal with a status update on the SOA and Restraining Order by 20 March 2023.
 During the Case Management on 20 March 2023, SFSB’s solicitors updated the tribunal that SFSB had obtained a new 
Restraining Order dated 8 March 2023 and SFSB will provide further update to tribunal on the ongoing POD exercise under 
the SOA.
 There is no further case management date fixed by the tribunal. The tribunal only directed parties to update on the status 
of the restructuring exercise under the SOA.
 SFSB informed its solicitors that on 7 March 2024, the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB was 
granted a fresh Convening and Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. Details 
of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current proceedings before the Tribunal.
 On 23 April 2024, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Tribunal of the fresh Restraining Order dated 7 March 2024. Additionally, 
they addressed the Tribunal’s inquiry about the parties’ intentions concerning the arbitration process moving forward, stating 
that both parties have agreed to wait for the outcome of the Group’s SOA before making any decisions on how to proceed 
with the arbitration.
(c) Sapura Energy do Brasil Ltda. vs Centrais Elétricas de Sergipe S.A.
 On 5 January 2020, the Company’s subsidiary, Sapura Energy do Brasil Ltda. (“SE Brasil”) commenced arbitration proceedings 
against Centrais Elétricas de Sergipe S.A. (“CELSE”) of Brazil. The arbitration is to resolve disputes arising out of an 
Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Installation Contract (“the Contract”) dated 20 November 2017.
 SE Brasil had completed the works under the Contract in November 2019.
 Due to unresolved disputes such as non-payment of milestone payments and non-payment of variation orders, SE Brasil 
commenced arbitration proceedings against CELSE at the International Court of Arbitration in Sao Paulo, Brazil, under the 
International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) Arbitration Rules. The Arbitration Tribunal comprises of 3 arbitrators. Chairman 
for the arbitration proceeding has been appointed.
(i) SE Brasil filed their Statement of Claim for the sum of USD84,606,035 on 29 March 2021.
(ii) CELSE filed Respondent’s Statement of Claim for the sum of USD89,799,186 on 29 March 2021.
(iii) SE Brasil filed Claimant’s and Additional Party’s Statement of Defence against Respondent’s Statement of Claim on 
28  May 2021.
(iv) CELSE filed Respondent’s Statement of Defence against Claimant’s Statement of Claim on 28 May 2021.
(v) SE Brasil filed Claimant’s Reply on 28 June 2021.
(vi) CELSE filed Respondent’s Reply on 28 June 2021.
(vii) SE Brasil filed Claimant’s and Additional Party’s Rejoinder on 28 July 2021.
(viii) CELSE filed Respondent’s Rejoinder on 28 July 2021.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
258
Group Overview

---- Page 261 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(c) Sapura Energy do Brasil Ltda. vs Centrais Elétricas de Sergipe S.A. (cont’d.)
 Submissions on the issues to be determined by the Arbitration Tribunal, witness statements and request for additional 
evidence were submitted on 27 September 2021. Thereafter, a hearing for the presentation of the case shall take place.
 On 30 September 2021, SE Brasil requested for leave to file expert rebuttal and this was granted on 10 November 2021. 
SE Brasil filed a rebuttal against the Technomar report on 10 December 2021.
 The Arbitration Tribunal is now fully constituted following the ICC’s confirmation of CELSE’s third nominee. Evidentiary 
hearing was conducted on 26 January 2022.
(i) 28 March 2022 – Parties submitted their application for document production by the counterparty in the form of a 
Redfern Schedule;
(ii) 12 April 2022 – SE Brasil and the Company informed they did not object against the production of the documents 
requested by CELSE;
(iii) 12 April 2022 – CELSE objected to the production of the documents requested by SE Brasil and the Company in their 
Answer to the Redfern Schedule;
(iv) April 2022 – SE Brasil and the Company submitted their answer to the objections presented by CELSE to the production 
of the requested documents (Reply to the Redfern Schedule);
(v) 27 April 2022 – CELSE submitted a motion to the Arbitration Tribunal requesting that SE Brasil and the Company 
produce the non-objected documents immediately;
(vi) 28 April 2022 – SE Brasil and the Company presented a submission to the Arbitration Tribunal in response to CELSE’s 
submission dated 27 April 2022;
(vii) 3 May 2022 – The Arbitral Tribunal determined that SE Brasil and the Company provide the non-objected documents 
to CELSE by 10 May 2022;
(viii) 10 May 2022 – SE Brasil and the Company produced the non-objected documents to CELSE.
 CELSE’s counter claim against SE Brasil for USD89,799,186 is for delay penalties, damages and/or expenses due to failure 
to perform the contract, breach of warranty and claim for warranty extension items which CELSE had or will have to perform 
correction on given SE Brasil’s inaction.
 Parties are waiting for the Arbitration Tribunal to rule on the latest production of the documents requested by SE Brasil and 
the Company and to decide on the next steps in evidence production.
 The Arbitration Tribunal had also ruled on the latest production of the documents requested by SE Brasil and the Company 
and ordered CELSE to produce only a certain category of documents that the Arbitration Tribunal find relevant to the 
proceedings.
 The Arbitration Tribunal also requested parties to file a joint submission on the technical issues that still require expert 
determination on 5 November 2022, which CELSE refused. As such, only SE Brasil and the Company filed the said submission 
4 November 2022.
 On 7 November 2022, SE Brasil and the Company presented their proposal of a calendar for production of their additional 
documents. On the same date, CELSE also presented a submission requesting the Arbitration Tribunal to hold a hearing on 
the merits to allow the Parties to present their case prior to any expert determination.
 Since the Parties were not able to reach an agreement regarding the procedural calendar for SE Brasil and the Company’s 
production of additional documents, as well as on the calendar for the production of the expert determination, on 2 January 
2023 the Arbitration Tribunal rendered the Procedural Order No. 19 (“PO 19”), deciding on those issues.
Annual Report 2024
259
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 262 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(c) Sapura Energy do Brasil Ltda. vs Centrais Elétricas de Sergipe S.A. (cont’d.)
 By means of PO 19, the Arbitration Tribunal:
(i) granted SE Brasil and the Company the opportunity to produce additional evidence until 16 January 2023; and
(ii) invited CELSE to comment on such evidence until 30 January 2023.
 The Arbitration Tribunal held an Evidentiary Hearing in order to assess the evidence already produced by the Parties and 
also to determine whether it should appoint experts for additional expert determination. Therefore, the Parties were invited 
to present, by 30 January 2023, a joint submission with the points of agreement and disagreement regarding some issues 
related to the hearing.
 On 16 January 2023, SE Brasil and the Company complied with PO 19 and submitted the settlement agreements entered 
into with the subcontractors, in order to prove the losses and financial damages SE Brasil faced as a result of CELSE’s 
default of its payment obligations.
 In turn, on 30 January 2023 CELSE presented its comments on SE Brasil and the Company’s abovementioned submission 
and documents, whereby it requested the Arbitration Tribunal to deny the claims and documents produced, by alleging 
that it referred to new claims which was time-barred.
 On 30 January 2023, the Parties presented a joint submission in response to PO 19, whereby both submitted partial 
agreement on the Evidentiary Hearing’s agenda. The Arbitration Tribunal shall soon issue a new procedural order in order 
to establish the hearing dates.
 A two-week Evidentiary Hearing took place from 11 September to 22 September 2023.
 The Arbitral Tribunal asked the Parties to present their requests for additional document production and additional evidence 
by 16 October 2023 and to reply to the counterparty’s requests by 30 October 2023. These have been submitted accordingly, 
and the Arbitral Tribunal will then render its decision regarding the production of new evidence and documents submission, 
establishing the deadlines for the submission of permissible documents.
 Following the submission of additional documents, the Arbitral Tribunal issued another Procedural Order outlining the 
following:
(i) A 75-day timeframe for the submission of the Parties’ closing statements, which may include any requests for partial 
awards;
(ii) A 45-day timeframe, following each party’s submission, for responding to the opposing party’s final statements; and
(iii) 15 days for the Parties’ submissions on costs, followed by an additional 15 days for comments on the opposing party’s 
statement of costs.
 As of 6 December 2023, no further Procedural Order have been issued by the Arbitral Tribunal as the Arbitral Tribunal has 
yet to decide regarding the production of new evidence and documents submission.
 On 8 February 2024, the Arbitral Tribunal granted most of the Parties’ requests for production of additional documents and 
evidence and determined that the Parties shall produce them by 1 March 2024.
 The Parties were further invited to comment on the documents and evidence produced by its counterparty by 22 March 2024.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
260
Group Overview

---- Page 263 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(c) Sapura Energy do Brasil Ltda. vs Centrais Elétricas de Sergipe S.A. (cont’d.)
 On 20 March 2024, the Arbitral Tribunal issued Procedural Order No. 29, outlining the next steps of these proceedings and 
the following calendar:
(i) 7 June 2024 – Post-Hearing Briefs
(ii) 24 July 2024 – Reply to Post-Hearing Briefs
(iii) 8 August 2024 – Submission of costs and expenses related to this arbitration
(d) Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd.
 On 30 August 2019, Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. (“SFSB”) a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a contract 
with Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn. Bhd. (“BSP”) for engineering, procurement, construction and installation works 
related to the Salman project (“the Contract”, or the “Salman”).
 On 29 September 2023, BSP commenced an arbitration proceeding at the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) 
by filing a Notice of Arbitration (“NoA”) against SFSB in relation to disputes pursuant to the Contract for the following reliefs:
(i) A declaration that the BSP had validly terminated part of the Contract for cause;
(ii) A declaration that SFSB had breached certain provisions of the Contract;
(iii) Award of monetary relief to the extent necessary to fully compensate the Claimant for the damages suffered resulting 
from the breaches and termination event;
(iv) An order for indemnification of the BSP for all costs, expenses, and fees in the arbitration; and
(v) Pre- and post-award interest.
 On 20 November 2023, Singapore High Court has issued an order to recognise the Malaysian Convening and Restraining 
Order dated 8 March 2023 (“Singapore Recognition Order”). This arbitration is currently stayed pursuant to the Singapore 
Recognition Order until the Order is lifted.
 As disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii), on 7 March 2024, the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries which includes SFSB 
obtained a fresh Convening and Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024.
 On 7 March 2024, the following applications were filed in the Singapore Court:
(i) Application to recognise the Malaysian Convening and Restraining Order dated 7 March 2024 – filed by the Company 
and SFSB; and
(ii) Application to lift the Singapore Recognition Order dated 20 November 2023 – filed by SFSB.
 The matter is stayed until SFSB’s discharge application to lift the Singapore Recognition Order dated 20 November 2023 is 
heard.
Annual Report 2024
261
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 264 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(d) Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. (cont’d.)
 The hearing for aforesaid applications (i) and (ii) has been fixed on 8 May 2024.
 On 8 May 2024, the Singapore Court granted the following:
(a) the recognition application for the Company and SFSB i.e. the (i) application as mentioned above. Thus, with effect 
from today an automatic moratorium applies in Singapore to restrain all claims (including the BSP arbitration claims).
(b) the discharge application i.e. the (ii) application as mentioned above.
(e) Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd.
 On 29 February 2020, Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. (“SOSB”) a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a contract 
with Brunei Shell Petroleum Company Sdn. Bhd. (“BSP”) to fabricate transport, install and pre-commission the pipelines 
relating to the PRP-7 (“the Contract”).
 On 29 September 2023, BSP commenced an arbitration proceeding at the SIAC by filing a NoA against SOSB in relation to 
disputes pursuant to the Contract for the following reliefs:
(i) a declaration that SOSB had breached certain provisions of the Contract;
(ii) award of monetary relief to the extent necessary to fully compensate the Claimant for the damages suffered resulting 
from the breaches and termination event;
(iii) an order for indemnification of the Claimant for all costs, expenses, and fees in the arbitration; and
(iv) pre- and post-award interest.
 On 20 November 2023, Singapore High Court has issued an order to recognise the Malaysian Convening and Restraining 
Order. This arbitration is currently stayed pursuant to the Singapore Recognition Order until the Order is lifted.
 As disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii), on 7 March 2024, the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries which includes SOSB 
obtained a fresh Convening and Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024.
 On 7 March 2024, the following applications were filed in the Singapore Court:
(i) Application to recognise the Malaysian Convening and Restraining Order dated 7 March 2024 – filed by the Company 
& SOSB; and
(ii) Application to lift the Singapore Recognition Order dated 20 November 2023 – filed by SOSB.
 The matter is stayed until SOSB’s discharge application to lift the Singapore Recognition Order dated 20 November 2023 
is heard.
 The hearing for aforesaid applications (i) and (ii) has been fixed on 8 May 2024.
 On 8 May 2024, the Singapore Court granted the following Orders:
a) the recognition application for the Company and SOSB i.e. the (i) application as mentioned above. Thus, with effect 
from today an automatic moratorium applies in Singapore to restrain all claims (including the BSP arbitration claims).
b) the discharge application i.e. the (ii) application as mentioned above.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
262
Group Overview

---- Page 265 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(f) Yunneng Wind Power Co. Ltd. vs Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura Energy Berhad
 On 15 March 2019, Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. (“SOSB”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a contract 
with Yunneng Wind Power Co. Ltd (“Yunneng”) for the provision of Transportation and Installation (“T&I”) of Offshore Wind 
Turbine Substructures of which the scope of work include T&I of substructures (foundations) for the offshore wind turbines 
at the Yunlin Offshore Wind Farm in Taiwan (“the Contract”). The Contract was subsequently terminated by SOSB on 
3  February 2022.
 On 22 January 2024, SOSB and the Company was served with a request for arbitration dated 29 December 2023 which 
was filed by Yunneng at the German Arbitration Institute (Deutsche Institution für Schiedsgerichtsbarkeit e.V.) (“DIS”) (the 
“Request for Arbitration”, or the “Request”). This Request for Arbitration was only brought to our attention after the end of 
business on 26 January 2024.
 In brief, in the Request for Arbitration, the Claimant:
(i) has claimed a provisional claim amount of EUR50,000,000 for certain alleged breaches of the Contract (but has reserved 
the right to further specify and expand its claims, and to claim damages for any damage incurred);
(ii) has stated that the Claimant filed the Request for Arbitration primarily to suspend the statute of limitations under 
German law in respect of the claims specified in the Request for Arbitration;
(iii) has acknowledged its submission of a POD with SOSB and the Company as at 31 December 2023 for purposes relating 
to the PSA (as described and defined in our announcement dated 8 March 2023) proposed to be undertaken by SOSB 
and the Company under Section 366 of the Companies Act 2016; and
(iv) has acknowledged that its claims in relation to the Contract would be determined through and be subject to the 
assessment procedure for the PSA (as stipulated in the order of the Court dated 10 March 2022 granted under 
Originating Summons No. WA-24NCC-148-03/2022 and the order of the Court dated 8 March 2023 granted under 
Originating Summons No. WA-24NCC-121-03/2023).
 SOSB and the Company have filed nomination of its Arbitrator and have indicated that they will be reserving rights to 
formally challenge the jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal and the admissibility of the arbitration proceedings.
 On 11 March 2024, Secretary General of the DIS has appointed Prof. Dr. Christian Borris and Dr. Daniel Busse as co-
arbitrators pursuant to Article 13.2, 13.3 DIS Arbitration Rules.
 SOSB and the Company are currently seeking legal advice from their external counsels on the strength and merits of the 
claims set out in the Request, as well as SOSB’s and the Company’s legal position in relation thereto. In addition, the POD 
submitted by the Claimant in connection with the PSA for SOSB and the Company is currently being assessed by the 
nominated chairman for the relevant CCM in accordance with the assessment procedure for such PSA.
Annual Report 2024
263
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 266 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(g) Winding up petitions
 The following are the list and status of the Winding Petitions served to the Company or its subsidiaries. On 10 March 2022, 
in view of the Restraining Orders obtained by the Group, the case management and hearing of the Petitions against SFSB, 
SOSB, Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd., Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura Geosciences Sdn. Bhd. were vacated as the 
winding up proceedings has been stayed for three months. By the Court order dated 8 June 2022, the Restraining Orders 
were now extended for a further period of nine months until 10 March 2023. The Company and its twenty-two (22) 
subsidiaries filed a fresh application under Sections 366 and 368 of the Companies Act and were granted a Restraining 
Order for the period of three months by the Court on 8 March 2023, and such Restraining Order is to take effect from 11 
March 2023. On 6 June 2023, the Restraining Orders were extended by the Court for a further period of nine months until 
10 March 2024.
 As disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii), on 7 March 2024, the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB, SOSB, 
Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd., Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura Geosciences Sdn. Bhd. obtained a fresh Convening 
and Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. This Order stays all the current 
proceedings before the Court.
(i) Hycotech Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-638-12/2021)
(a) Winding up petition date - 17 December 2021
(b) On 17 February 2022 SOSB’s solicitors informed the court that SOSB has entered into a settlement agreement 
with Hycotech Sdn. Bhd., and that full payment has been made to Hycotech Sdn. Bhd., subject to deductions on 
withholding tax.
 Hycotech Sdn. Bhd. refused to withdraw the winding up petition as they claimed that they are entitled to receive 
the full outstanding sum including the withholding tax.
 Following the dispute, on 1 March 2022 SOSB filed an application under Order 14A Rules of Court 2012 and to 
Strike Out the Petition.
 On 9 March 2022, the Court fixed 22 April 2022 for the hearing of the Order 14A Rules of Court 2012 and Striking 
Out Application, and for the hearing of the Petition itself.
 The hearing on 22 April 2022 was vacated as the Restraining Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Offshore Sdn Bhd obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 
2023 which took effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that it has obtained a 
fresh Convening and Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. Details 
of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current proceedings before the Court and the Court 
fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
264
Group Overview

---- Page 267 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(g) Winding up petitions (cont’d.)
(ii) Perdana Nautika Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. – Kuala Lumpur High Court (WA-28NCC-920-12/2021)
(a) Winding up petition date – 20 December 2021
(b) On 22 February 2022 Notices of Intention to Appear on Petition were filed by two creditors, namely:
i. Tumpuan Megah Development Sdn. Bhd.; and
ii. Vallianz Offshore Marine Pte. Ltd.
 The hearing on 27 April 2022 was vacated as the Restraining Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which took 
effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 12 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 12 June 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 12 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 12 March 2024, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Convening and Restraining Order for a period of 
three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays 
the current proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 26 June 2024.
(iii) Perdana Nautika Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. – Kuala Lumpur High Court (WA-28NCC-921-12/2021)
(a) Winding up petition date – 20 December 2021
(b) On 23 February 2022, the solicitors for Perdana Nautika informed the Court that they were just instructed to 
advertise and gazette the Petition. Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that Sapura Pinewell 
Sdn. Bhd. will file an affidavit to oppose the Petition if they are required to do so.
 The hearing on 26 April 2022 was vacated as the Restraining Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 14 March 2023, Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that 
the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. obtained a fresh Restraining 
Order on 8 March 2023 which took effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 
13  June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that 
the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. obtained an extension to 
the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. The Court fixed next Case Management on 13 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 13 March 2024, Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that 
the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. obtained a fresh Restraining 
Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 
2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management 
on 26 June 2024.
Annual Report 2024
265
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 268 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(g) Winding up petitions (cont’d.)
(iv) Hycotech Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-639-12/2021)
(a) Winding up petition date – 20 December 2021
(b) On 28 February 2022, Petitioner informed the Court that the Petitioner wishes to withdraw the petition during 
the hearing on 9 March 2022.
 However, another creditor has appeared as a supporting creditor to the Petition during the Hearing on 9 March 
2022, and the Court directed the supporting creditor to file its formal application to be substituted as the petitioner 
within 14 days.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that 
the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Pinewell Sdn Bhd obtained a fresh Restraining 
Order on 8 March 2023 which took effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 
13  June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that 
the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. obtained an extension to 
the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that 
the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. obtained a fresh Restraining 
Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 
2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management 
on 26 June 2024.
(v) Fast Global Link Services vs Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-27-01/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 13 January 2022
(b) On 14 February 2022 Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. sought for a further case management date to be fixed 
on 15 March 2022 to determine whether Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. will be contesting the winding-up 
petition or otherwise.
 The Case management date on 15 March 2022 and hearing date on 12 April 2022 were vacated as the Restraining 
Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. obtained a 
fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which took effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case 
Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. obtained an 
extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 
2024.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
266
Group Overview

---- Page 269 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(g) Winding up petitions (cont’d.)
(v) Fast Global Link Services vs Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-27-01/2022) 
(cont’d.)
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. obtained a 
fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is 
disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next 
Case Management on 14 June 2024.
(vi) Mectra Synergy (M) Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-31-01/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 25 January 2022
(b) On 17 February 2022 Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors sought further case management date to be 
fixed by the Court and the Court has fixed the next case management on 15 March 2022.
 The Case Management date on 15 March 2022 and hearing date on 20 April 2022 were vacated as the Restraining 
Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. obtained a 
fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which took effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case 
Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. obtained an 
extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 
2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Subsea Services Sdn. Bhd. obtained a 
fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is 
disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next 
Case Management on 14 June 2024.
Annual Report 2024
267
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 270 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(g) Winding up petitions (cont’d.)
(vii) Equatorial Marine Fuel Management vs Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-68-01/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 25 January 2022
(b) On 28 February 2022, Petitioner informed the Court that a further date is required for compliance with winding 
up procedures.
 SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that a further date is required to confirm whether the debt under the winding 
up petition may be disputed.
 Hearing date on 25 April 2022 were vacated as the Restraining Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which took 
effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, 
effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current 
proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
(viii) Dura International Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-83-02/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 7 February 2022
(b) The case management on 10 March 2022 and hearing date on 18 May 2022 were vacated as the Restraining 
Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which will take 
effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed the next Case Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, 
effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current 
proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
268
Group Overview

---- Page 271 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(g) Winding up petitions (cont’d.)
(ix) Astro Offshore Pte. Ltd. vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-87-02/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 7 February 2022
(b) The case management on 14 March 2022 and hearing date on 19 May 2022 were vacated as the Restraining 
Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Fabrication Sdn Bhd obtained a fresh 
Restraining Order on 8  March 2023 which will take effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed the next Case 
Management on 13  June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, 
effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current 
proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
(x) Public Crane Heavy Equipment Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court  
(BA-28NCC-92-02/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 9 February 2022
(b) The case management on 14 March 2022 and hearing date on 19 May 2022 were vacated as the Restraining 
Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which will take 
effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed the next Case Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. obtained an extension to the Restraining Order 
until 10 March 2024. The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, 
effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current 
proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
(xi) MMA Offshore Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. – Kuala Lumpur High Court  
(WA-28NCC-111-02/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 14 February 2022
(b) The case management on 15 March 2022 and hearing date on 8 June 2022 were vacated as the Restraining 
Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During case management on 23 June 2022 Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. updated that the Restraining Order is 
extended for nine (9) months.
Annual Report 2024
269
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 272 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(g) Winding up petitions (cont’d.)
(xi) MMA Offshore Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. – Kuala Lumpur High Court  
(WA-28NCC-111-02/2022) (cont’d.)
(d) During the Case Management on 14 March 2023 Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that 
the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. obtained a fresh Restraining 
Order on 8 March 2023 which took effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 
13  June 2023.
(e) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that 
the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. obtained an extension to 
the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. The Court fixed next Case Management on 13 March 2024.
(f) During the Case Management on 13 March 2024, Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court that 
the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Pinewell Sdn. Bhd. obtained a fresh Restraining 
Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 
2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management 
on 26 June 2024.
(xii) Icon Offshore Group Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-119-02/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 25 February 2022
(b) The case management on 17 March 2022 and hearing date on 24 May 2022 were vacated as the Restraining 
Order was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which took 
effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, 
effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current 
proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
(xiii) Posh Subsea Pte. Ltd. vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA28NCC-145-03/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 3 March 2022
(b) The case management on 6 April 2022 and hearing date on 7 June 2022 were vacated as the Restraining Order 
was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which took effect 
from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
270
Group Overview

---- Page 273 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(g) Winding up petitions (cont’d.)
(xiii) Posh Subsea Pte. Ltd. vs Sapura Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA28NCC-145-03/2022) (cont’d.)
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SFSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SFSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, 
effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current 
proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
(xiv) Lincoln Energy Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-146-03/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 4 March 2022
(b) The case management on 6 April 2022 and hearing date on 7 June 2022 were vacated as the Restraining Order 
was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which took 
effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, 
effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current 
proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
(xv) Semco Salvage (V) Pte. Ltd. vs Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA28NCC-144-03/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 3 March 2022
(b) The case management on 6 April 2022 and hearing date on 7 June 2022 were vacated as the Restraining Order 
was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which took 
effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 13 June 2023.
(d) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(e) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, 
effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current 
proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
Annual Report 2024
271
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 274 ----
46. MATERIAL LITIGATION (CONT’D.)
(g) Winding up petitions (cont’d.)
(xvi) VKI Marketing Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Offshore Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court (BA-28NCC-159-03/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 22 February 2022
(b) The case management on 11 April 2022 and hearing on 13 June 2022 were vacated as the Restraining Order 
was obtained on 10 March 2022.
(c) Next case management was fixed on 29 June 2022.
(d) Due to the extension of the Restraining Order, the next Case Management was fixed on 13 March 2023.
(e) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which took 
effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed next Case Management on 13 June 2023.
(f) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained an extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. 
The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 2024.
(g) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, SOSB’s solicitors informed the Court that the Company and its 
twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including SOSB obtained a fresh Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, 
effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current 
proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case Management on 14 June 2024.
(xvii) Tumpuan Megah Development Sdn. Bhd. vs Sapura Geosciences Sdn. Bhd. – Shah Alam High Court  
(BA-28NCC-181-03/2022)
(a) Winding up petition date – 17 March 2022
(b) The case on 14 April 2022 and hearing on 20 June 2022 were vacated as the Restraining Order was obtained 
on 10 March 2022.
(c) Next case management was fixed on 29 June 2022.
(d) Due to the extension to the Restraining Order, the next Case Management was fixed on 13 March 2023.
(e) During the Case Management on 13 March 2023, Sapura Geosciences Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Geosciences Sdn. Bhd. obtained a new 
Restraining Order on 8 March 2023 which will take effect from 11 March 2023. The Court fixed the next Case 
Management on 13 June 2023.
(f) During the Case Management on 13 June 2023, Sapura Geosciences Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Geosciences Sdn. Bhd. obtained an 
extension to the Restraining Order until 10 March 2024. The Court fixed next Case Management on 14 March 
2024.
(g) During the Case Management on 14 March 2024, Sapura Geosciences Sdn. Bhd.’s solicitors informed the Court 
that the Company and its twenty-two (22) subsidiaries including Sapura Geosciences Sdn. Bhd. obtained a fresh 
Restraining Order for a period of three (3) months, effective from 11 March 2024. Details of the status is disclosed 
in Note 2.1 (iii). This Order stays the current proceedings before the Court and the Court fixed next Case 
Management on 14 June 2024.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
– 31 January 2024
Sapura Energy Berhad
272
Group Overview

---- Page 275 ----
47. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
(a) On 23 February 2024, Sapura Energy Mexicana Sociedad Anónima Promotora de Inversión de Capital Variable (“Sapura 
Mexicana S.A.P.I. de C.V.” or “SEM”), a wholly owned subsidiary through SOSB and SapuraMex Pte Ltd, which are both 
ultimately wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, was declared bankrupt by Second District Insolvency Court in Mexican 
Republic. With effect from 29 February 2024, a liquidator was appointed. An appeal was filed by SEM on 27 February 2024. 
The appeal was withdrawn by SEM on 24 May 2024.
(b) On 23 February 2024, Sapura Engineering & Construction (India) Pvt. Ltd (“SE&C”), a wholly owned subsidiary through Sapura 
Fabrication Sdn. Bhd. and Sapura Petroleum Sdn. Bhd., received an order of initiation of Corporate Insolvency Resolution 
Process from the National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”). Subsequently SE&C filed an appeal against the order to the 
National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (“NCLAT”) and was granted stay of the order until the appeal is heard, which is 
scheduled for 12 July 2024.
(c) On 22 April 2024, SUA, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agreement to divest its 50% equity 
interest in SapuraOMV to TotalEnergies Holdings SAS. The total disposal consideration for the transaction amounts to 
USD705.3 million (equivalent to approximately RM3,370.8 million). SUA will receive a cash consideration of USD530.3 million 
(equivalent to approximately RM2,534.5 million), and the Company will be relieved of a USD175.0 million (equivalent to 
approximately RM836.4 million) debt obligation related to a financing facility extended by OMV E&P.
 The agreement is subject to the fulfilment of conditions precedent and is expected to be completed by no later than the 
second half of 2025.
(d) On 26 May 2015, SFSB was awarded a contract by Oil And Natural Gas Corporation Ltd. (“ONGC”) for the redevelopment 
of the Mumbai High South field (“MHSRD-III”) project. During or after the execution of the contract works, there were 
several claims raised by SFSB to ONGC which were not amicably settled. Due to the disputes, SFSB initiated arbitration 
through a notice dated 28 December 2021.
 On 4 May 2024, the arbitration order was received in favour of SFSB for an approximately USD22.2 million (equivalent to 
an approximately RM106.1 million), excluding GST and interest.
48. COMPARATIVES
 Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation:
As previously
disclosed
RM’000
Reclassification
 RM’000
As adjusted
RM’000
Group
At 31 January 2023
Statement of profit or loss
Administrative expenses (348,956) 19,403 (329,553)
Other expenses (245,147) (19,403) (264,550)
Annual Report 2024
273
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 276 ----
ORDINARY SHARES
Total Number of Issued Shares : 18,375,942,267 Ordinary Shares
Class of Security : Ordinary Shares
Voting Rights : One vote per Ordinary Share
Number of Shareholders : 67,020
DISTRIBUTION BY SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS BASED ON RECORD OF DEPOSITORS
Size of Shareholdings
No. of
Shareholders
% of
Shareholders
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Shares
Less than 100 2,464 3.68 86,894 0.00
100 - 1,000 7,022 10.48 4,406,867 0.02
1,001 - 10,000 23,014 34.34 123,614,466 0.67
10,001 - 100,000 24,714 36.87 1,011,048,523 5.51
100,001 - to less than 5% of issued shares 9,804 14.63 8,694,045,257 47.31
5% and above of issued shares 2 0.00 8,542,740,260 46.49
Total 67,020 100.00 18,375,942,267 100.00
THIRTY (30) LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS BASED ON RECORD OF DEPOSITORS
No. Shareholders
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Shares
1. AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM BUMIPUTERA
6,894,061,239 37.52
2. MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR SAPURA TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD (420284)
1,648,679,021 8.97
3. AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM MALAYSIA
262,261,480 1.43
4. AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM MALAYSIA 3
201,182,560 1.09
5. CIMSEC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
CIMB FOR JURUDATA SDN BHD (PB)
188,569,600 1.03
6. MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
MAYBANK PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT FOR SHAHRIL BIN SHAMSUDDIN (12020671)
(430412)
152,808,688 0.83
7. MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR JURUDATA SDN BHD (443462)
144,000,000 0.78
8. PERMODALAN NASIONAL BERHAD 130,497,948 0.71
9. QUECK HAN TIONG 130,000,000 0.71
10. AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM BUMIPUTERA 3 – DIDIK
107,434,407 0.59
11. LEE BENG SENG 94,900,000 0.52
Sapura Energy Berhad
274
Group Overview
ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
As At 30 April 2024

---- Page 277 ----
No. Shareholders
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Shares
12. AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM MALAYSIA 2 – WAWASAN
86,866,667 0.47
13. CHAI KIN LOONG 85,061,900 0.46
14. CHOONG KEAN LEANG 62,400,000 0.34
15. KENANGA NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
RAKUTEN TRADE SDN BHD FOR KONG LIH CHING
59,590,000 0.32
16. MUTHUKUMAR A/L AYARPADDE 50,740,000 0.28
17. CIMSEC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
CIMB FOR SAPURA CAPITAL SDN BHD (PB)
46,387,227 0.25
18. CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
CBNY FOR EMERGING MARKET CORE EQUITY PORTFOLIO DFA INVESTMENT DIMENSIONS 
GROUP INC
40,752,188 0.22
19. IOANNIS KOROMILAS 40,000,000 0.22
20. CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
CBNY FOR DIMENSIONAL EMERGING MARKETS VALUE FUND
39,709,700 0.22
21. SAPURA TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD 37,658,787 0.21
22. LIEW JUN KUAN 31,000,000 0.17
23. LIM FONG PENG @ LIM FUNG FENG 30,300,000 0.16
24. CHIENG HOCK LAY 30,000,000 0.16
25. SOUTHERN REALTY RESOURCE SDN BHD 30,000,000 0.16
26. LIM SIANG HEE 28,500,000 0.16
27. ZAINAL ABIDIN BIN MOHD KASSIM 28,070,000 0.15
28. AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
ASN UMBRELLA FOR ASN IMBANG (MIXED ASSET BALANCED) 2
27,698,949 0.15
29. TAY HOCK SOON 27,500,000 0.15
30. NG CHOON KIAT 25,300,000 0.14
Total 10,761,930,361 58.57
Annual Report 2024
275
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 278 ----
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS BASED ON REGISTER OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
Substantial Shareholders
Direct Interest Indirect Interest
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Shares
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Shares
AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad
– Amanah Saham Bumiputera
6,894,061,239 37.52 – –
Sapura Technology Sdn Bhd 1,686,337,808 9.18 332,569,600(1) 1.81
Sapura Holdings Sdn Bhd – – 2,067,197,390(2) 11.25
Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Shahril Shamsuddin 174,811,600 0.95 2,067,197,390(2) 11.25
Dato’ Shahriman Shamsuddin 506,385 0.00* 2,067,197,390(2) 11.25
Brothers Capital Sdn Bhd – – 2,067,197,390(3) 11.25
Notes:
* Negligible.
(1) Deemed interested, pursuant to Section 8(4) of the Companies Act 2016 (“the Act”), by virtue of its shareholding in Jurudata Sdn Bhd.
(2) Deemed interested, pursuant to Section 8(4) of the Act, by virtue of being a substantial shareholder of Sapura Technology Sdn Bhd, Sapura Resources Berhad, 
Sapura Capital Sdn Bhd, Jurudata Sdn Bhd and Indera Permai Sdn Bhd.
(3) Deemed interested, pursuant to Section 8(4) of the Act, by virtue of being a substantial shareholder of Sapura Holdings Sdn Bhd (“Sapura Holdings”). Sapura 
Holdings is a substantial shareholder of Sapura Technology Sdn Bhd, Sapura Resources Berhad, Sapura Capital Sdn Bhd, Indera Permai Sdn Bhd and Jurudata 
Sdn Bhd.
DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS BASED ON REGISTER OF DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS
Directors
Direct Interest Indirect Interest
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Shares
No. of
Shares Held
% of
Shares
Dato’ Mohammad Azlan Abdullah – – – –
Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib 2,200,000 0.01 – –
Dato’ Shahriman Shamsuddin 506,385 0.00* 2,067,197,390(1) 11.25
Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid – – – –
Lim Tiang Siew – – – –
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali – – – –
Lim Fu Yen – – – –
Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad – – – –
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani – – – –
Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad – – – –
Notes:
* Negligible.
(1) Deemed interested, pursuant to Section 8(4) of the Act, by virtue of being a substantial shareholder of Sapura Holdings. Sapura Holdings is a substantial 
shareholder of Sapura Technology Sdn Bhd, Sapura Resources Berhad, Sapura Capital Sdn Bhd, Indera Permai Sdn Bhd and Jurudata Sdn Bhd.
Sapura Energy Berhad
276
Group Overview
ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
As At 30 April 2024

---- Page 279 ----
WARRANTS 2019/2026
Class of Security : Warrants 2019/2026 (“Warrants”)
Number of Warrants Not Exercised : 998,692,020 Warrants
Number of Warrant Holders : 4,964
DISTRIBUTION BY SIZE OF WARRANT HOLDINGS BASED ON RECORD OF DEPOSITORS
Size of Warrant Holdings
No. of
Warrant Holders
% of Total
Warrant Holders
No. of
Warrants Held
% of Total
Warrants
Less than 100 192 3.87 8,887 0.00
100 – 1,000 783 15.77 408,381 0.04
1,001 – 10,000 1,309 26.37 6,801,534 0.68
10,001 – 100,000 1,739 35.03 78,299,567 7.84
100,001 – to less than 5% of Warrants 939 18.92 729,840,318 73.08
5% and above of Warrants 2 0.04 183,333,333 18.36
Total 4,964 100.00 998,692,020 100.00
THIRTY (30) LARGEST WARRANT HOLDERS BASED ON RECORD OF DEPOSITORS
No. Name of Warrant Holders
No. of
Warrants Held
% of
Warrants
1. SAPURA TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD 133,333,333 13.35
2. AMANAHRAYA TRUSTEES BERHAD
AMANAH SAHAM BUMIPUTERA
50,000,000 5.01
3. CIMSEC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
CIMB FOR JURUDATA SDN BHD (PB)
30,700,000 3.07
4. CGS INTERNATIONAL NOMINEES MALAYSIA (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR TAY SEANG WAH (MP0471)
24,200,000 2.42
5. LIM TSUI PHENG 23,030,066 2.31
6. MOHD AZMI BIN MAHBUB 15,203,900 1.52
7. REUBENDRA A/L JEGANATHAN 15,000,000 1.50
8. RAVI A/L PULLAIYAR 14,600,000 1.46
9. MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR CHI KAIN SANG
11,840,000 1.19
10. MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
MAYBANK PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT FOR SHAHRIL BIN SHAMSUDDIN (12020671)
(430412)
11,822,608 1.18
11. MD NOR BIN MANSOR 11,300,000 1.13
12. CHIA HANG KIAN 10,502,000 1.05
13. ANUCIA A/P MUTHUCUMARU 10,250,000 1.03
14. EE SOO YIM 8,000,000 0.80
Annual Report 2024
277
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 280 ----
No. Name of Warrant Holders
No. of
Warrants Held
% of
Warrants
15. RHB CAPITAL NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR CHI KAIN SANG (LBU)
7,700,000 0.77
16. CHOO KWANG WAH 6,500,000 0.65
17. HAM YEAN MING 6,483,800 0.65
18. MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
AB RAZAK BIN ALI
6,234,500 0.62
19. CITIGROUP NOMINEES (ASING) SDN BHD
EXEMPT AN FOR BANK OF SINGAPORE LIMITED (FOREIGN)
6,031,535 0.60
20. SHAMSULBAHRIN BIN SALLEH 6,000,000 0.60
21. PUBLIC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR LIM KHEK KENG (E-TAI)
5,900,000 0.59
22. CHU AI MOI 5,800,000 0.58
23. MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
JEYASILAN A/L KARPUDEWAN
5,745,000 0.58
24. MUHAMMAD SYAFIQ BIN ISHAK 5,597,000 0.56
25. TAY JIN SAI 5,500,000 0.55
26. MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
MOHD ALIM BIN HARON
5,362,300 0.54
27. MAYBANK NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR CHAI KOH HIUNG
5,250,000 0.53
28. SJ SEC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR MOHAMAD NAIM BIN FATEH MOHAMED (SMT)
5,100,000 0.51
29. CITIGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD
EXEMPT AN FOR OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED
(CLIENT A/C-R ES)
5,013,000 0.50
30. BAY TEONG TAT 5,000,000 0.50
Total 462,999,042 46.36
Sapura Energy Berhad
278
Group Overview
ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
As At 30 April 2024

---- Page 281 ----
DIRECTORS’ WARRANT HOLDINGS BASED ON REGISTER OF DIRECTORS’ WARRANT HOLDINGS
Directors
Direct Interest Indirect Interest
No. of
Warrants Held
% of
Warrants
No. of
Warrants Held
% of
Warrants
Dato’ Mohammad Azlan Abdullah – – – –
Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib – – – –
Dato’ Shahriman Shamsuddin – – 164,033,333(1) 16.42
Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid – – – –
Lim Tiang Siew – – – –
Dato’ Azmi Mohd Ali – – – –
Lim Fu Yen 10 0.00* – –
Datuk Nur Iskandar A Samad – – – –
Wan Mashitah Wan Abdullah Sani – – – –
Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad – – – –
Notes:
* Negligible.
(1) Deemed interested, pursuant to Section 8(4) of the Companies Act 2016, by virtue of being a substantial shareholder of Sapura Holdings. Sapura Holdings is 
a substantial shareholder of Sapura Technology Sdn Bhd and Jurudata Sdn Bhd.
Annual Report 2024
279
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 282 ----
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Thirteenth Annual General Meeting (“13th AGM”) of Sapura Energy Berhad 
(“the Company”) that will be held as a virtual meeting at the broadcast venue at Conference Room, Sapura@Mines, 
No. 7, Jalan Tasik, The Mines Resort City, 43300 Seri Kembangan, Selangor Darul Ehsan on Tuesday, 30 July 2024 
at 10.00 a.m. for the purpose of considering and if thought fit, passing with or without modifications the resolutions 
set out in this notice.
AGENDA
AS ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 January 
2024 together with the Reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon.
Please refer to Explanatory Note A
2. To re-elect the following Directors who retire by rotation pursuant to Article 80 of the Constitution 
of the Company and who being eligible offer themselves for re-election:
(a) Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib Ordinary Resolution 1
(b) Lim Tiang Siew Ordinary Resolution 2
(c) Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid
Please refer to Explanatory Note B
Ordinary Resolution 3
3. To re-elect the following Director who retires pursuant to Article 85 of the Constitution of the 
Company and who being eligible offers himself for re-election:
(a) Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad
Please refer to Explanatory Note C
Ordinary Resolution 4
4. To approve the payment of Directors’ fees and benefits up to an amount of RM3,000,000 to the 
Non-Executive Directors of the Company with effect from 30 July 2024 until the next Annual 
General Meeting of the Company in 2025.
Please refer to Explanatory Note D
Ordinary Resolution 5
5. To re-appoint Ernst & Young PLT as Auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next 
Annual General Meeting and to authorise the Board of Directors to determine their remuneration.
Please refer to Explanatory Note E
Ordinary Resolution 6
Sapura Energy Berhad
280
Group Overview
NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

---- Page 283 ----
AS SPECIAL BUSINESS
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution:
6. Proposed Renewal of Existing Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions of 
a Revenue or Trading Nature (“Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate”)
“THAT, subject to Paragraph 10.09 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad, the Company and its subsidiaries (“Group”) be and are hereby authorised to enter 
into the recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature with the related parties 
as set out in Section 2.4 of the Circular to Shareholders dated 31 May 2024, PROVIDED THAT such 
transactions are necessary for the Group’s day-to-day operations and are in the ordinary course of 
business of the Group and are carried out at arm’s length basis on normal commercial terms which 
are not more favourable to the related parties than those generally available to the public and are 
not to the detriment of the minority shareholders of the Company;
THAT such approval shall continue to be in force until:
(i) the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company following the general meeting at which this 
Ordinary Resolution shall be passed, at which time it will lapse, unless by a resolution passed 
at the general meeting, the authority conferred by this resolution is renewed;
(ii) the expiration of the period within which the next AGM of the Company after the date it is 
required to be held pursuant to Section 340(2) of the Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) but shall not 
extend to such extensions as may be allowed pursuant to Section 340(4) of the Act; or
(iii) revoked or varied by resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company at a general 
meeting,
whichever is earlier;
AND THAT the Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries be and are hereby authorised to 
complete and do all such acts and things as they may consider expedient or necessary to give 
effect to the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate as authorised by this Ordinary Resolution.”
Please refer to Explanatory Note F
Ordinary Resolution 7
7. To transact any other business of which due notice shall have been given in accordance with the 
Companies Act 2016 and the Constitution of the Company.
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD
TAI YIT CHAN (MAICSA 7009143) (SSM PC No.: 202008001023)
CHOONG SIEW MUN (MAICSA 7068632) (SSM PC No.: 202008001881)
Company Secretaries
Selangor Darul Ehsan
31 May 2024
Annual Report 2024
281
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 284 ----
Notes:
1. Mode of Meeting
 The Thirteenth Annual General Meeting (“13th AGM”) of the 
Company will be conducted on a virtual basis through live 
streaming and online remote voting by shareholders via the 
Remote Participation and Electronic Voting (“RPEV”) Platform 
at https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my. Please follow the 
steps and procedures provided in the Administrative Notes 
for the 13th AGM of the Company in order to register, 
participate and vote remotely via the RPEV Platform.
 The primary mode of communication by shareholders for 
the 13th AGM is via text messaging facilities provided under 
the RPEV Platform. In the event of any technical glitch in 
the primary mode of communication, all other reasonable 
modes of communication is acceptable for the 13th AGM.
2. Broadcast Venue
 The broadcast venue of the 13th AGM is strictly for the 
purpose of compliance with Section 327(2) of the Companies 
Act 2016 which requires the Chairman of the Meeting to 
be present at the main venue and in accordance with 
Article 60 of the Company’s Constitution which allows a 
meeting of members to be held at more than one venue, 
using any technology or method that enables the members 
of the Company to participate and exercise their right to 
speak and vote at the general meeting. Members, proxies 
and/or corporate representatives will not be allowed to be 
physically present nor admitted at the broadcast venue on 
the day of the 13th AGM.
3. Voting
 All resolutions in the Notice of the 13th AGM are to be 
conducted by poll voting as per Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the 
Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”) via the RPEV Platform.
4. Proxy(ies)
 A member of the Company shall be entitled to appoint 
another person as his/her proxy to exercise all or any of 
his/her rights to attend, participate, speak and vote at a 
meeting of the members of the Company, subject to the 
Constitution of the Company.
 A member entitled to attend and vote at the 13th AGM is 
entitled to appoint up to two (2) proxies to attend and vote 
on a poll in his stead. A proxy may, but need not be a 
member of the Company and there is no restriction as to 
the qualification of the proxy.
 Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised 
nominee as defined under the Securities Industry (Central 
Depositories) Act 1991 which holds ordinary shares in the 
Company for multiple beneficial owners in one securities 
account (“Omnibus Account”), there is no limit to the 
number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee 
may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds.
 Where a member appoints two (2) proxies, the appointment 
shall be invalid unless he specifies the proportion of his 
shareholdings to be represented by each proxy.
 An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and in 
the case of an individual shall be signed by the appointor 
or by his attorney; and in the case of a corporate member, 
shall be either under its common seal or signed by its 
attorney or an officer on behalf of the corporation.
 The instrument appointing a proxy must be deposited with 
the Share Registrar of the Company, Boardroom Share 
Registrars Sdn. Bhd. at 11th Floor, Menara Symphony, No. 
5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling 
Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia not less than forty-
eight (48) hours before the time appointed for the holding 
of the meeting, i.e., no later than 28 July 2024 at 10.00 a.m. 
or any adjournment thereof.
 Alternatively, the instrument appointing a proxy may be 
deposited via electronic means through the Share Registrar’s 
website, Boardroom Smart Investor Portal at https://
investor.boardroomlimited.com to login and deposit your 
proxy form electronically not less than forty-eight (48) 
hours before the time appointed for the holding of the 
meeting, i.e., no later than 28 July 2024 at 10.00 a.m. or 
any adjournment thereof.
5. Corporate Representatives
 As an alternative to the appointment of a proxy, a corporate 
member may appoint its corporate representative to attend 
the 13th AGM pursuant to Section 333 of the Companies 
Act 2016. For this purpose and pursuant to Section 333(5) 
of the Companies Act 2016, the corporate member shall 
provide a certificate under its common seal as prima facie 
evidence of the appointment of the corporate representative.
6. Members Entitled to Attend
 For the purpose of determining a member who shall be 
entitled to attend the 13th AGM in accordance with Article 
59(2) of the Company’s Constitution and Section 34(1) of 
the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991, the 
Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository 
Sdn. Bhd. to issue a General Meeting Record of Depositors 
as at 22 July 2024. Only a depositor whose name appears 
on the Record of Depositors as at 22 July 2024 shall be 
entitled to attend the 13th AGM or appoint proxies to 
attend and/or vote on his/her behalf.
7. Explanatory Note A
 This Agenda is meant for discussion only as under the 
provisions of Section 340(1)(a) of the Companies Act 2016 
and the Company’s Constitution, the Audited Financial 
Statements need not be approved by the shareholders and 
hence, the matter will not be put forward for voting.
Sapura Energy Berhad
282
Group Overview
NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

---- Page 285 ----
8. Explanatory Note B for Ordinary Resolutions 1, 2 and 3
 Article 80 of the Company’s Constitution expressly states 
that in every subsequent Annual General Meeting, at least 
one-third (1/3) of the Directors for the time being or the 
number nearest to one-third (1/3) shall retire from office 
provided always that all Directors shall retire from office 
once at least in each three (3) years and the retiring 
Directors shall be eligible to seek for re-election thereof.
 Pursuant to Article 80, Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib, Lim Tiang 
Siew and Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid (“Retiring Directors”) 
are standing for re-election at the 13th AGM.
 For the purpose of determining the eligibility of the 
Directors to stand for re-election at this 13th AGM and in 
line with Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021, 
the Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
(“BNRC”) has reviewed and assessed each of the Retiring 
Directors from the annual assessment and evaluation of the 
Board for the FY2024.
 
 The BNRC had recommended the re-election of Retiring 
Directors based on the following consideration:- (i) 
satisfactory performance and have met Board’s expectation 
in discharging their duties and responsibilities; (ii) met the 
criteria of character, experience, integrity, competence and 
time commitment in discharging their roles as directors of 
the Company; (iii) level of independence demonstrated by 
the Independent Directors; and (iv) their ability to act in the 
best interest of the Company in decision-making.
 Based on the assessment of the BNRC, the BNRC is satisfied 
that the Retiring Directors had demonstrated their 
commitment and continue to be diligent and competent in 
their role as Directors and the Board has endorsed the 
BNRC’s recommendation for the Retiring Directors for re-
election subject to the shareholders’ approval at this AGM.
 The profiles of the Retiring Directors who are standing for 
re-election are provided on pages 112, 114 and 115 of the 
Company’s Annual Report 2024.
9. Explanatory Note C for Ordinary Resolution 4
 Article 85 of the Company’s Constitution expressly states 
that the Directors shall have power at any time, and from 
time to time, to appoint any person as a Director, either to 
fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing 
Directors, but so that the total number of Directors shall 
not at any time exceed the number fixed in accordance 
with this Constitution. Any Director so appointed shall hold 
office only until the next following annual general meeting 
and shall then be eligible for re-election but shall not be 
taken into account in determining the Directors who are to 
retire by rotation at that meeting.
 Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad who was recently 
appointed to the Board on 15 December 2023, being 
eligible, has offered himself for re-election pursuant to 
Article 85 of the Company’s Constitution.
 The profile of the Director who is standing for re-election 
is provided on page 120 of the Company’s Annual Report 
2024.
10. Explanatory Note D for Ordinary Resolution 5
 Pursuant to Section 230(1) of the Companies Act 2016, fees 
and benefits payable to the Directors of the Company will 
have to be approved at a general meeting.
 The amount of up to RM3,000,000 (2023: RM3,000,000) 
under the proposed Ordinary Resolution 5 comprising 
Directors’ fees and benefits to the Non-Executive Directors 
of the Company is estimated for the period from 30 July 
2024 until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company 
to be held in 2025.
 The Directors’ fees have been reduced in the financial year 
ended 31 January 2016 (10% reduction), financial year 
ended 31 January 2018 (5% reduction), from the Annual 
General Meeting held on 30 July 2020 (15% reduction) and 
the financial year ended 31 January 2022 (50%). 
 Benefits for Non-Executive Chairman of the Company 
comprising medical and insurance coverage, car allowance, 
driver, petrol and other claimable benefits. Benefits for other 
Non-Executive Directors comprise of medical and insurance 
coverage and other claimable benefits.
 Payment of Directors’ fees will be made on a monthly basis 
and/or as and when incurred.
11. Explanatory Note E for Ordinary Resolution 6
 The Board Audit Committee and the Board have considered 
the re-appointment of Ernst & Young PLT as Auditors of 
the Company following the annual assessment of the 
suitability and independence of the Auditors and collectively 
agreed that Ernst & Young PLT have met the relevant 
criteria prescribed by Paragraph 15.21 of Main Market 
Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities.
12. Explanatory Note F for Ordinary Resolution 7
 The proposed resolution 7, if passed, will empower the 
Group to enter into recurrent related party transactions of 
a revenue or trading nature with the related parties as set 
out in Section 2.4 of the Circular to Shareholders dated 
31  May 2024 which are necessary for the Group’s day-to-
day operations and/or in the ordinary course of business of 
the Group on normal commercial terms and to facilitate 
the conduct of the Group’s business in a timely manner. 
Details of the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate are set out 
in the Circular to Shareholders dated 31 May 2024 which 
is circulated together with the Annual Report 2024 of the 
Company.
Annual Report 2024
283
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 286 ----
INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE STANDING FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTORS AT THE 13TH ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING OF THE COMPANY
There is no individual standing for election as Director (excluding the Directors standing for re-election).
Details of the Directors who are standing for re-election are provided in the “Profiles of Board of Directors” on pages 112, 114, 115 
and 120 of Annual Report 2024 and Notice of 13th Annual General Meeting. Details of their interests in the securities of the Company 
are set out in the “Analysis of Shareholdings” on pages 276 and 279 of Annual Report 2024.
Sapura Energy Berhad
284
Group Overview
STATEMENT ACCOMPANYING  
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities

---- Page 287 ----
1. AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES
 The amount of audit and non-audit fees paid or payable to the external auditors, Ernst & Young PLT and its affiliated companies 
for the services rendered to Sapura Energy Berhad (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) for the financial year ended 
31 January 2024 (“FY2024”) are as follows:
Company
RM’000
Group
RM’000
Audit Fees (Group) (A) 533 4,570
Non-Audit fees
a) Tax related:
• Expatriate employee personal income tax
• Tax audit
• Tax filing
2
–
–
31
73
285
b) Review of interim financial statements 771 771
c) Production Sharing Contract Audit – 16
d) Review of Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control 5 5
e) Reporting Accountant for Regularisation Plan 1,626 1,626
Total (B) 2,404 2,807
Grand Total (A) + (B) 2,937 7,377
2. MATERIAL CONTRACTS INVOLVING THE INTERESTS OF THE DIRECTORS AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
 There were no material contracts entered into by the Company and/or its subsidiaries involving the interests of the Directors 
and major shareholders during the FY2024 save as disclosed in Note 39(a)(i) to the financial statements as set out on page 228 
of this Annual Report.
3. EXECUTIVE SHARE OPTION SCHEME (“ESOS”)
(a) Brief details on the total number of options granted, exercised and outstanding since the establishment of the ESOS on 
13  December 2018 and up to the FY2024 are set out below:
Description Number of options
Grand Total
Former
Executive
Director/
PGCEO
Granted as at 31 January 2023 883,643,137 798,954,012
Lapsed as at 31 January 2024 (84,689,125) –
Exercised – –
Outstanding 798,954,012 798,954,012
(b) Pursuant to the Company’s ESOS By-Laws, the maximum allowable allocation to the Executive Director and Senior 
Management is up to 10 percent of the total number of issued ordinary shares of the Company. No share options were 
granted to the Company’s Executive Director and Senior Management during FY2024. The actual share options granted to 
Executive Director and Senior Management since the commencement of the ESOS up to 31 January 2024 is 50 percent 
of the maximum allowable allocation after deducting the share options lapsed during FY2024.
Annual Report 2024
285
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information
ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION
Pursuant to Paragraph 9.25 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“MMLR”)

---- Page 288 ----
(c) The lapsed of share options during FY2024 reflect the lapses of share options granted to one Senior Management who 
have ceased employment in FY2024.
(d) As at 31 January 2024, there was no share options granted to Non-Executive Directors as they are not entitled to any 
options pursuant to the ESOS By-Laws.
(e) Tan Sri Dato’ Seri Shahril Shamsuddin, the former Executive Director retired as President & Group Chief Executive Officer 
(“PGCEO”) on 22 March 2021. Thereafter, he was a Non-Executive Director from 23 March 2021 until 30 April 2021. Upon 
fulfilment of the requirements under the ESOS By-Laws, he continues to be entitled to exercise the share options granted 
to him whilst he was the PGCEO/Executive Director until the expiry of the ESOS period in December 2025.
4. RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 At the Twelfth Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held on 26 July 2023, the Company obtained a general mandate from its 
shareholders for recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature, to be entered into by the Company and/or 
its subsidiaries set out in the Circular to Shareholders dated 31 May 2023 (“RRPT Mandate”). The RRPT Mandate is valid until the 
conclusion of the forthcoming Thirteenth AGM of the Company to be held on 30 July 2024.
 Pursuant to Paragraph 10.09(2)(b) and Paragraph 3.1.5 of Practice Note 12 of the MMLR, details of the recurrent related party 
transactions of a revenue or trading nature entered into during the FY2024 are as follows:
No.
Transacting Companies in  
Sapura Energy Berhad Group
Transacting 
Related Party
Nature of Recurrent 
Related Transactions
Interested Related 
Party
Aggregate 
Value
(RM’000)
1. Sapura Subsea Services Sdn Bhd SDISB(4) Supply of equipment 
and spare parts and 
service support for 
vessels to Sapura 
Subsea Services Sdn 
Bhd, Sapura Offshore 
Sdn Bhd, Sapura 
Technology Solutions 
Sdn Bhd, Sapura 
Geotechnics Sdn Bhd, 
Sapura Nautilus Sdn 
Bhd, Sapura Marine 
Ventures Sdn Bhd, 
Sapura Engineering 
(Offshore) Sdn Bhd, 
Sapura 900 Pte Ltd, 
Sapura Fabrication Sdn 
Bhd and Sapura Subsea 
Corporation
• ASB (1)
• Dato’ Mohammad 
Azlan Abdullah(2)
• Rohaizad Darus(3)
• Shahin Farouque(7)
1,713
Sapura Offshore Sdn Bhd
Sapura Technology Solutions  
Sdn Bhd
Sapura Geotechnics Sdn Bhd
Sapura Nautilus Sdn Bhd
Sapura Marine Ventures Sdn Bhd
Sapura Engineering (Offshore)  
Sdn Bhd
Sapura 900 Pte Ltd
Sapura Fabrication Sdn Bhd
Sapura Subsea Corporation
2. Sapura Fabrication Sdn Bhd UI(1985)SB(5) Supply of equipment, 
spare parts and service 
support for vessels to 
Sapura Fabrication  
Sdn Bhd
• ASB (1)
• Dato’ Mohammad 
Azlan Abdullah(2)
• Rohaizad Darus(3)
• Shahin Farouque(7)
Nil
3. Sapura Fabrication Sdn Bhd UIPSSB(5) Supply of equipment, 
spare parts and service 
support for vessels to 
Sapura Fabrication  
Sdn Bhd
Nil
Sapura Energy Berhad
286
Group Overview
ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION
Pursuant to Paragraph 9.25 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“MMLR”)

---- Page 289 ----
No.
Transacting Companies in  
Sapura Energy Berhad Group
Transacting 
Related Party
Nature of Recurrent 
Related Transactions
Interested Related 
Party
Aggregate 
Value
(RM’000)
4. Sapura Drilling Sdn Bhd TSL(4) Supply of equipment, 
spare parts and service 
support for Caterpillar 
main engines, air 
compressors, Favco 
cranes and associated 
spare parts (for 
maintenance and 
overhaul)
• ASB (1)
• Dato’ Mohammad 
Azlan Abdullah(2)
• Rohaizad Darus(3)
• Shahin Farouque(7)
1,663
Sapura Drilling Berani Ltd
Sapura Drilling Esperanza Ltd
Sapura Drilling Jaya Ltd
Sapura Drilling Labuan Leasing Ltd
Sapura Drilling T-10 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-11 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-12 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-17 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-18 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling Asia Sdn Bhd
Sapura Drilling Asia Limited
Sapura Drilling Asia Ltd (Thailand 
Branch)
Sapura Drilling Holdings Ltd
Sapura Drilling Holdings Ltd (Ivory 
Coast Branch)
Sapura Energy Angola, LDA
Sapura Drilling Services Sdn Bhd
Sapura Drilling (S) Pte Ltd
Sapura Drilling (Bermuda) Ltd
Sapura Drilling T-10 Ltd (Mauritius)
Sapura Drilling T-11 Ltd (Mauritius)
Sapura Drilling T-12 Ltd (Mauritius)
Sapura Drilling T-17 Ltd (Mauritius)
Sapura Drilling T-18 Ltd (Mauritius)
Annual Report 2024
287
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 290 ----
No.
Transacting Companies in  
Sapura Energy Berhad Group
Transacting 
Related Party
Nature of Recurrent 
Related Transactions
Interested Related 
Party
Aggregate 
Value
(RM’000)
5. Sapura Drilling Sdn Bhd SDISB(4) Supply of equipment, 
spare parts and service 
support for Caterpillar 
main engines, air 
compressors, Favco 
cranes and associated 
spare parts (for 
maintenance and 
overhaul)
• ASB (1)
• Dato’ Mohammad 
Azlan Abdullah(2)
• Rohaizad Darus(3)
• Shahin Farouque(7)
7,966
Sapura Drilling Berani Ltd
Sapura Drilling Esperanza Ltd
Sapura Drilling Jaya Ltd
Sapura Drilling Labuan Leasing Ltd
Sapura Drilling T-10 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-11 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-12 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-17 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-18 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling Asia Sdn Bhd
Sapura Drilling Asia Limited
Sapura Drilling Asia Ltd (Thailand 
Branch)
Sapura Drilling Holdings Ltd
Sapura Drilling Holdings Ltd (Ivory 
Coast Branch)
Sapura Energy Angola, LDA
Sapura Drilling Services Sdn Bhd
Sapura Drilling (S) Pte Ltd
Sapura Drilling (Bermuda) Ltd
Sapura Drilling T-10 Ltd (Mauritius)
Sapura Drilling T-11 Ltd (Mauritius)
Sapura Drilling T-12 Ltd (Mauritius)
Sapura Drilling T-17 Ltd (Mauritius)
Sapura Drilling T-18 Ltd (Mauritius)
6. Sapura Drilling Services Sdn Bhd • Sapura 
Ventures  
Sdn Bhd
• Sapura 
Resources 
Berhad
Rental of venue at 
Sapura@Mines, event 
management services 
and supply of food & 
beverages
• Dato’ Shahriman 
Shamsuddin(6)
127
Sapura Drilling Asia Sdn Bhd
Sapura Energy Berhad
Sapura Energy Berhad
288
Group Overview
ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION
Pursuant to Paragraph 9.25 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“MMLR”)

---- Page 291 ----
No.
Transacting Companies in  
Sapura Energy Berhad Group
Transacting 
Related Party
Nature of Recurrent 
Related Transactions
Interested Related 
Party
Aggregate 
Value
(RM’000)
7. Sapura Drilling Sdn Bhd SDI(B)SB(4) Supply of equipment, 
spare parts and service 
support for Caterpillar 
main engines, air 
compressors, Favco 
cranes and associated 
spare parts (for 
maintenance and 
overhaul)
• ASB (1)
• Dato’ Mohammad 
Azlan Abdullah(2)
• Rohaizad Darus(3)
• Shahin Farouque(7)
Nil
Sapura Drilling Berani Ltd
Sapura Drilling Esperanza Ltd
Sapura Drilling Jaya Ltd
Sapura Drilling Labuan Leasing Ltd
Sapura Drilling T-10 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-11 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-12 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-17 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling T-18 Ltd (Bermuda)
Sapura Drilling Asia Sdn Bhd
Sapura Drilling Asia Limited
Sapura Drilling Asia Ltd (Thailand 
Branch)
Total 11,469
Notes:
(1) AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad – Amanah Saham Bumiputera (“ASB”), a unit trust fund managed by Amanah Saham Nasional Berhad which is a unit trust 
management company that is a wholly owned subsidiary of Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“PNB”), is deemed a Major Shareholder of the Company, having 
equity interest of 37.52% as at 2 May 2024.
(2) Dato’ Mohammad Azlan Abdullah is deemed interested by virtue of his directorship in the Company and nominee director of PNB.
(3) Rohaizad Darus is deemed interested by virtue of his directorship in the Company and nominee director of PNB. He was a Director of the Company 
until his resignation on 25 March 2024.
(4) ASB is deemed interested as it is a Major Shareholder of Tractor Singapore Limited (“TSL”), Sime Darby Industrial Sdn Bhd (“SDISB”) and Sime Darby 
Industrial(B) Sdn Bhd (“SDI(B)SB”) by virtue of 36.48% direct equity interest in Sime Darby Berhad, the ultimate holding company of TSL, SDISB and SDI(B)
SB as at 2 May 2024.
(5) ASB is deemed interested as it is a Major Shareholder of UMW Industries (1985) Sdn Bhd (“UI(1985)SB”) and UMW Industrial Power Services Sdn Bhd 
(“UIPSSB”) by virtue of 36.48% direct equity interest in Sime Darby Berhad, the ultimate holding company of UI(1985)SB and UIPSSB as at 2 May 2024.
(6) Dato’ Shahriman Shamsuddin is deemed interested by virtue of his directorship in the Company and director of Sapura Resources Berhad. He is also a 
Major Shareholder of the Company.
(7) Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad is deemed interested by virtue of his directorship in the Company and nominee director of PNB.
 The Company proposes to seek shareholders’ approval for the proposed renewal of the RRPT Mandate at its forthcoming 
Thirteenth AGM.
 The renewal of the RRPT Mandate if approved by the shareholders, will be valid until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company. 
Details of the renewal of the RRPT Mandate being sought are provided in the Circular to Shareholders dated 31 May 2024.
Annual Report 2024
289
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 292 ----
MODE OF MEETING – VIRTUAL MEETING
The Thirteenth AGM (“13th AGM”) of the Company will be held 
virtually through live streaming and online remote voting via 
Remote Participation and Electronic Voting (“RPEV”) facility which 
is available on Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd 
(“Boardroom”)’s website at https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my. 
With the online meeting platform, Shareholders may exercise 
their rights as a member to participate (including to pose 
questions to the Board and/or Management of the Company) 
and vote at the 13th AGM.
The Securities Commission Malaysia had on 7 April 2022, revised 
the Guidance Note and Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) on 
the conduct of General Meetings for listed Issuers which was 
originally issued on 18 April 2020 (the “Guidance Note”), to allow 
general meetings to be conducted virtually. 
Pursuant to the Guidance Note, an online meeting platform can 
be recognised as the meeting venue or place under Section 
327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 provided that the online 
platform is located in Malaysia. In addition, the FAQs issued by 
the Companies Commission of Malaysia on 8 June 2021, 
provides that an online meeting platform shall be deemed to be 
in Malaysia if the registered domain name is registered with 
MYNIC Berhad.
SHAREHOLDERS ENTITLED TO PARTICIPATE AND 
VOTE
Only Shareholders whose names appear in the Record of 
Depositors and Register of Members as at 22 July 2024 shall be 
eligible to participate and vote at the 13th AGM or appoint proxy 
to participate and vote on his or her behalf.
HOW TO JOIN THE MEETING
Step 1 – Register/Sign-up as Online User
[Note: The registration/sign-up as online user will be opened on 31 May 2024 
and closed at 10.00 a.m. on 28 July 2024.
Register online with Boardroom Smart Investor Portal (for first 
time registration only) in the manner stated below. Please 
proceed to Step 2, if you have already registered/signed up with 
Boardroom Smart Investor Portal (“BSIP”) earlier.
Step 1 – Register Online with BSIP (for first time registration 
only)
(Note: If you have already signed up with BSIP, you are not required to register 
again. You may proceed to Step 2)
(a) Access the website https://investor.boardroomlimited.com.
(b) Click Register to sign up as a user.
(c) Please select the correct account type i.e. sign up as a 
Shareholder or Corporate Holder.
(d) Complete registration with all required information. Upload 
and attach your MyKad front and back image and click  
Sign Up.
(e) For Corporate Holder, kindly upload the authorisation letter/
Certificate of Appointment of Corporate Representative/
Power of Attorney and click Sign Up.
(f) You will receive an email from BSIP Online for email 
address verification. Click on Verify Email Address from the 
email received to continue with the registration.
(g) Once your email address is verified, you will be re-directed 
to BSIP Online for verification of mobile number. Click on 
Request OTP Code and an OTP code will be sent to the 
registered mobile number. You will need to enter the OTP 
Code and click Enter to complete the process.
(h) Once your mobile number is verified, registration of your 
new BSIP account will be pending for final verification.
(i) An email will be sent to you to inform the approval of your 
BSIP account within one (1) business day. Subsequently, you 
can login at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com with the 
email address and password filled up by you during 
registration to proceed.
Step 2 – Online Registration Procedure
[Note: The registration for remote access will be opened on 31 May 2024 and 
closed at 10.00 a.m. on 28 July 2024.]
Day, Date and Time : Tuesday, 30 July 2024 at 10.00 a.m.
Broadcast Venue : Conference Room, Sapura@Mines, No. 7, Jalan Tasik, The Mines Resort City,  
  43300 Seri Kembangan, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia.
Online Meeting Platform  : https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my
  (“Boardroom Meeting Portal”)
Sapura Energy Berhad
Registration No: 201101022755 (950894-T)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Sapura Energy Berhad
290
Group Overview
ADMINISTRATIVE GUIDE
For The Thirteenth Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)

---- Page 293 ----
Individual and Corporate Shareholders
– Login to https://investor.boardroomlimited.com using your 
user ID and password from Step 1 above.
 [Note: If you do not have an account with BSIP, please sign-up/register with 
Boardroom Smart Investor Portal for free - refer to Item Step 1 for guide.]
– Click “Meeting Event” and select from the list of companies 
“SAPURA ENERGY BERHAD THIRTEENTH (13TH) ANNUAL 
GENERAL MEETING” and click Enter.
– To attend the virtual AGM remotely
• Click Register for RPEV
• Enter your CDS account number
• Read and accept the General Terms and Conditions to 
submit your request
– To appoint proxy
• Click Submit eProxy Form
• For Corporate Shareholder, select the company you 
would like to represent (if more than one)
• Read and accept the General Terms and Conditions and 
enter your CDS account number. Then, insert your proxy 
details and voting instructions. If you wish your proxy(ies) 
to act upon his/her discretion, please indicate Discretionary
For Authorised Nominees and Exempt Authorised Nominees
(a) Log in to https://investor.boardroomlimited.com.
(b) Click “Meeting Event(s)” and select from the list of companies 
–  SAPURA ENERGY BERHAD THIRTEENTH (13TH) ANNUAL 
GENERAL MEETING and click Enter.
(c) Click ‘Submit eProxy Form’.
(d) Select the company you would like to represent (if more 
than one).
(e) Proceed to download the file format for Submission of 
e-Proxy Form.
(f) Prepare the file for the appointment of proxy(ies) by 
inserting the required data.
(g) Proceed to upload the duly completed Proxy Appointment file.
(h) Review and confirm your proxy(ies) appointment(s) and click 
Submit.
(i) Download or print the e-Proxy Form as acknowledgement.
For Corporate Shareholders, Authorised Nominees/Exempt 
Authorised Nominees and Attorney, you may also write to  
bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com and provide the name of the 
Shareholder, CDS number and the Certificate of Appointment of 
Corporate Representative or Proxy Form (as the case may be). A 
copy of MyKad or passport and a valid email address are required.
For any of the above request:
(a) An email notification will be sent by Boardroom to notify 
that request for remote participation has been received for 
system verification.
(b) Upon system verification against the General Meeting 
Record of Depositor as of 22 July 2024, you will receive 
an email from Boardroom either approving or rejecting your 
registration for remote participation.
(c) You will also receive your remote access user ID and 
password along with the email from Boardroom if your 
registration is approved.
(d) Please note that the closing time to submit your request is 
at 10.00 a.m. on 28 July 2024 (48 hours before the 
commencement of the virtual AGM).
(e) The Login User Guide for participation, posing questions 
and voting at the 13th AGM, will be emailed to you together 
with your remote access user ID and password once your 
registration has been approved.
Step 3 – Login to RPEV (https://meeting.boardroomlimited.my)
[The quality of the connectivity to the RPEV for live webcast as well as for 
remote online voting is highly dependent on the bandwidth and the stability 
of the internet connectivity available at the location of the remote users.]
(a) The RPEV will be opened for login starting one (1) hour 
before the commencement of the 13th AGM at 10.00 a.m. 
on 30 July 2024.
(b) Follow the steps given to you in the email along with your 
remote access user ID and password to login to the RPEV 
Platform, Boardroom Smart Investor Portal. (refer to item 
(e) of step 2 above).
(c) The steps will also guide you on how to view live webcast, 
ask questions and vote.
(d) The live webcast will end and the messaging window will 
be disabled upon the Chairman announces the closure of 
the 13th AGM.
(e) You can then logout from the RPEV.
VIRTUAL MEETING
(1) In line with the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 
2021 Practice 13.0, by conducting a virtual AGM, this would 
allow greater participation as it facilitates electronic voting 
and remote Shareholders’/proxies’ participation. With the 
RPEV, you may exercise your right as a member/proxy 
holder of the Company to participate remotely (including 
to pose questions to the Board of Directors and/or 
Management of the Company) and vote via electronic 
voting at the virtual AGM.
(2) Alternatively, you may also appoint the Chairman as your 
proxy to attend and vote on your behalf at the virtual AGM.
PROXY
(1) Shareholders are encouraged to go online, participate, and 
vote at the 13th AGM using RPEV. Shareholders who are 
unable to join the virtual AGM are encouraged to appoint 
the Chairman or their proxy to vote on their behalf.
(2) If you wish to attend the virtual AGM yourself, please do not 
submit any Proxy Form. You will not be allowed to attend 
the virtual AGM together with a proxy appointed by you.
(3) The Proxy Form can be deposited with the Share Registrars, 
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn. Bhd. at 11th Floor, Menara 
Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 
46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia, or by 
electronic means through BSIP, not later than forty-eight 
(48) hours before the Meeting, i.e., no later than 28 July 
2024 at 10.00 a.m. Kindly refer to Step 2 – Online 
Registration Procedure above in order to login and deposit 
your e-Proxy Form electronically.
Annual Report 2024
291
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholders’ Information

---- Page 294 ----
REMOTE PARTICIPATION AND ELECTRONIC VOTING
(1) Please note that the remote participation and electronic 
voting is available to:
(a) Individual member;
(b) Corporate shareholder;
(c) Authorised Nominee; and
(d) Exempt Authorised Nominee.
(2) If you choose to participate in the virtual AGM, you will be 
able to view a live webcast of the AGM proceedings, pose 
questions to the Board, and submit your votes in real-time 
whilst the meeting is in progress.
VOTING
(1) The voting will be conducted by poll in accordance with 
Paragraph 8.29A of Main Market Listing Requirements of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.
(2) The Company has appointed Boardroom Share Registrars 
Sdn. Bhd. as the poll administrator to conduct the poll by 
way of electronic voting (“E-Voting”) and SKY Corporate 
Services Sdn. Bhd. as scrutineers to verify the poll result.
(3) During the AGM, real-time voting will be implemented and 
the Chairman will make the declaration of the poll result of 
each resolution after completion of voting for each resolution.
(4) For the purposes of this AGM, E-Voting will be carried via 
personal smart mobile phones, tablets or laptops.
(5) There are two (2) methods for members and proxies who 
wish to use their personal voting device to vote remotely. 
The methods are:
(a) Use QR Scanner Code given to you in the email 
received after successful registration; OR
(b) Go to the website with URL https://meeting.
boardroomlimited.my.
PROCEDURES DURING ONLINE AGM
No recording or photography of the AGM proceedings is allowed 
without the prior written permission of the Company.
You must ensure that you are connected to the internet at all 
times in order to participate and vote when the AGM has 
commenced. Therefore, it is your responsibility to ensure that 
connectivity for the duration of the 13th AGM meeting is 
maintained. Kindly note that the quality of the live streaming is 
dependent on the bandwidth and stability of the internet 
connection at the location of the remote participants.
SUBMISSION OF QUESTIONS
(a) Prior to the virtual AGM
 Shareholders may submit questions in relation to the 
agenda items by logging in to BSIP at https://
investorboardroomlimited.com latest by Sunday, 28 July 
2024 at 10.00 a.m. Click “Submit Questions” after selecting 
“SAPURA ENERGY BERHAD THIRTEENTH (13th) VIRTUAL 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING” from ‘Corporate Meeting’.
(b) During the virtual AGM
 Shareholders may type their questions in the messaging box 
at any time during the virtual AGM on the online meeting 
platform.
In order to ensure a smooth and efficient conduct of the AGM, 
questions that are repetitive in nature and/or have been previously 
answered will not be specifically addressed. The Board and 
Management of the Company will endeavour to provide the 
responses at the virtual AGM. However, being mindful of time 
constraints, some responses may be emailed after the conclusion 
of the virtual AGM.
NO VOUCHERS AND DOOR GIFTS
There will be no voucher(s) or any door gift(s) for Shareholders/
proxies who participate in the 13th AGM.
ANNUAL REPORT AND CIRCULAR TO SHAREHOLDERS
The Annual Report 2024 and Circular to Shareholders are available 
on Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad’s website at www.
bursamalaysia.com under Company Announcements of Sapura 
Energy Berhad and also at the Company’s website at www.
sapuraenergy.com. Alternatively, you may scan the QR code which 
is printed on the 13th AGM Notification which was circulated to 
Shareholders on 31 May 2024 for the Annual Report 2024. No 
CD-ROM for Annual Report 2024 be provided to Shareholders.
ENQUIRIES
If you have any queries prior to the 13th AGM, please contact 
the following persons during office hours:
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn. Bhd.
11th Floor, Menara Symphony
No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim
Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
Telephone Number
General Line: +603-7890 4700
Hastini Hassim: +603-7890 4702
Hastini.Hassim@boardroomlimited.com
Sapura Energy Berhad
Sapura@Mines
No. 7, Jalan Tasik
The Mines Resort City
43300 Seri Kembangan
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
Telephone Number
Norain Mohammad Madsom: +603-8659 9212
Syazlyana Suhaime: +603-8659 8433
Sapura Energy Berhad
292
Group Overview
ADMINISTRATIVE GUIDE
For The Thirteenth Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)

---- Page 295 ----
I/We 
(Full Name as per NRIC/Passport/Certificate of Incorporation in Capital Letters)
NRIC/Passport No./Certificate of Incorporation No. 
of 
(Full Address)
being a Member of SAPURA ENERGY BERHAD, do hereby appoint 
Full Name (in block letters) NRIC/Passport No. Proportion of Shareholdings
No. of Shares %
Address
Tel no.: Email address:
and/or (delete as appropriate)
Full Name (in block letters) NRIC/Passport No. Proportion of Shareholdings
No. of Shares %
Address
Tel no.: Email address:
or failing him/her, the CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING, as my/our proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Thirteenth 
Annual General Meeting (“13th AGM”) of Sapura Energy Berhad (“the Company”) that will be held as a virtual meeting at the broadcast 
venue at Conference Room, Sapura@Mines, No. 7, Jalan Tasik, The Mines Resort City, 43300 Seri Kembangan, Selangor Darul Ehsan 
on Tuesday, 30 July 2024 at 10.00 a.m. or at any adjournment thereof.
Please indicate with an “X” in the space provided below how you wish your vote to be cast. If no specific direction as to voting is 
given, the Proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion.
RESOLUTIONS FOR AGAINST
ORDINARY RESOLUTION 1 Re-election of Datuk Mohd Anuar Taib as Director of the Company
ORDINARY RESOLUTION 2 Re-election of Mr Lim Tiang Siew as Director of the Company
ORDINARY RESOLUTION 3 Re-election of Datuk Ramlan Abdul Rashid as Director of the Company
ORDINARY RESOLUTION 4 Re-election of Encik Shahin Farouque Jammal Ahmad as Director of the Company
ORDINARY RESOLUTION 5 Payment of Directors’ fees and benefits up to an amount of RM3,000,000 to the Non-
Executive Directors of the Company with effect from 30 July 2024 until the next Annual 
General Meeting of the Company in 2025
ORDINARY RESOLUTION 6 Re-appointment of Ernst & Young PLT as Auditors of the Company until the conclusion 
of the next Annual General Meeting and to authorise the Board of Directors to 
determine their remuneration
ORDINARY RESOLUTION 7 Proposed Renewal of Existing Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party 
Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature
Signature/Common Seal of Shareholder Dated this  day of  2024
CDS Account No.
Total number of ordinary shares held
Sapura Energy Berhad
Registration No: 201101022755 (950894-T)
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
PROXY FORM

---- Page 296 ----
Notes:
(1) A member of the Company shall be entitled to appoint another person as his/her proxy to exercise all or any of his/her rights to attend, 
participate, speak and vote at a meeting of the members of the Company, subject to the Constitution of the Company.
(2) A member entitled to attend and vote at the 13th AGM is entitled to appoint up to two (2) proxies to attend and vote on a poll in his 
stead. A proxy may, but need not be a member of the Company and there is no restriction as to the qualification of the proxy.
(3) Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee as defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act, 
1991 which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one securities account (“Omnibus Account”), there 
is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds.
(4) Where a member appoints two (2) proxies, the appointment shall be invalid unless he specifies the proportion of his shareholdings to be 
represented by each proxy.
(5) An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and in the case of an individual shall be signed by the appointor or by his attorney; 
and in the case of a corporate member, shall be either under its common seal or signed by its attorney or an officer on behalf of the 
corporation.
(6) The instrument appointing a proxy must be deposited with the Share Registrar of the Company, Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn. Bhd. at 
11th Floor, Menara Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia, not less 
than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for the holding of the meeting, i.e., no later than 28 July 2024 at 10.00 a.m. or any 
adjournment thereof. Alternatively, the instrument appointing a proxy may be deposited via electronic means through Boardroom Smart 
Investor Portal at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com to login and deposit your proxy form electronically not less than forty-eight (48) 
hours before the time appointed for the holding of the meeting, i.e., no later than 28 July 2024 at 10.00 a.m. or any adjournment thereof.
(7) Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all resolutions set out in this 
Notice of the 13th AGM will be put to vote on a poll.
(8) By submitting the duly executed proxy form, the member and his/her proxy consent to the Company (and/or its agents/service providers) 
collecting, using and disclosing the personal data therein in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 for the purpose of 
this Annual General Meeting and any adjournment thereof.
Share Registrar for Sapura Energy Berhad
Registration No: 201101022755 (950894-T) (Incorporated in Malaysia)
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd
11th Floor, Menara Symphony
No. 5, Jalan Prof. Khoo Kay Kim 
Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya 
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
Fold here
Fold here
AFFIX STAMP

---- Page 297 ----
Sapura Energy BerhadAnnual Report 2024
www.sapuraenergy.com