---- Page 1 ----
INTEGRATED
REPORT
2023

---- Page 2 ----
About Our Integrated Report
Navigation Icons
Sime Darby Property’s Integrated Report 2023 has been prepared according to the principles of integrated reporting. It provides  a balanced and 
accurate narrative about the Group’s financial and non-financial performance and prospects based on our strategy, taking into account the challenges 
posed by the operating environment and other key risks impacting the pr operty industry. The report is intended primarily for pr oviders of capital, 
but is also relevant to all stakeholders who would like to understand how we seek to create value in the short, mid and long te rm through good 
governance, balancing our vision for growth against environmental and social imperatives.
This is our seventh Integrated Report since our listing in 2017. It covers the Financial Year 2023 and is prepared in accordanc e with the principles 
prescribed by the International Integrated Reporting Council. The r eport also includes the main activities, key business areas and discusses our 
outlook, targets and objectives.
Materiality
Information disclosed in this integrated report 
is relevant to our material matters, which have 
been determined by extensive stakeholder 
engagement, as well as internal evaluation. These 
material matters reflect existing and emerging 
risks and opportunities, which could affect our 
ability to create value and deliver on our Purpose, 
Vision, Mission and Values.
Scope and Boundary
This integrated report focuses on the activities, 
initiatives and key events that took place during 
the financial year from 1 January 2023 until 31 
December 2023, unless stated otherwise. It covers 
the operations of the Sime Darby Property Group 
including our subsidiaries and joint ventures and 
associates.
Reporting Framework
Our integrated reporting process, as well as the 
contents of this report have been guided by the 
principles and requirements of:
• The Integrated Reporting <IR> Framework 
issued by the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) Foundation.
• The Main Market Listing Requirements 
(“MMLR”) issued by Bursa Malaysia.
• Bursa Malaysia’s Sustainability Guidelines (3rd 
Edition).
• The Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 
(“MCCG”) 2021 issued by Securities Commission 
Malaysia.
• GRI Standards, issued by the Global Reporting 
Initiative (“GRI”).
• United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals 
(“UN SDGs”).
• Taskforce on Clima te-Related Financial 
Disclosures (“TCFD”).
• Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards 
(“MFRS”).
• Malaysia’s Companies Act 2016. 
Assurance
Contents of the entire report have been read 
and approved by the Management and Board 
of Directors. The financial statements included 
in this integrated report have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia.
Forward-looking Statements
This integrated report contains certain 
forward-looking statements relating to future 
performance. Such statements are premised on 
current assumptions and circumstances, which 
could change, hence they necessarily involve 
uncertainty. Various factors could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
Directors’ Responsibility Statement
The Board of Directors of Sime Darby Property 
acknowledges responsibility for ensuring the 
integrity of our Integrated Report 2023. In our 
opinion, the report presents a fair assessment of 
the Group’s performance and addresses all key 
matters that are material to our ability to create 
value. This report was approved by the Board on 
26 March 2024.
Dato’ Rizal Rickman Ramli 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Chairman
Dato’ Azmir Merican
Group Managing Director
www.simedarbyproperty.com
Tells you where you can find 
more information online at
Please scan the QR code for the following 
documents of the Company which are 
available at
https://www.simedarbyproperty.com/
investor-relations/shareholders
Social and 
Relationship Capital
Manufactured 
Capital
Human 
Capital
Intellectual 
Capital
Financial 
Capital
The Capitals We Use and Affect
Material Matters
Innovation
Energy & Carbon 
Management
Urban 
Biodiversity
Circularity Community 
Experience
Water 
Management
Climate 
Adaptation
Occupational 
Health & Safety
Diversity & 
Inclusion
Labour Standards 
& Practices
Responsible 
Supply Chain 
Management
Data & 
Cybersecurity
Anti-Bribery & 
Corruption
Natural 
Capital


---- Page 3 ----
Reporting Framework
Key Strategic Priorities
Stakeholders
Customers
Key Risks
Market RiskR1 Talent & Resource 
ManagementR7
Legal/Regulatory 
& Contractual 
Compliance
R8
CompetitionR9
Climate RiskR10
Supply Chain &
Its Related Human 
Rights Risk
R11
Project 
Development & 
Execution
R3
Development 
& Product 
Strategy
R2
Safety & HealthR4
CybersecurityR5
Joint Venture, 
Collaborations 
& Strategic 
Partnerships
R6
Integrated Report 2023
Contents
•  Provides a comprehensive overview of the Group’s financial 
and non-financial performance for 2023, as well as prospects 
based on our strategy.
Regulations Complied
• The Integrated Reporting <IR> Framework.
• Bursa Malaysia’s Main Market Listing Requirements.
• Bursa Malaysia’s Sustainability Guidelines (3rd Edition).
• The Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021.
• Global Reporting Initiative Standards.
• United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals.
• Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures.
• Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards.
• Companies Act 2016.
Sustainability Report 2023
Contents
•  Provides a comprehensive overview of the Group’s sustainability 
performance and initiatives for 2023.
Regulations Complied
• Bursa Malaysia’s Main Market Listing Requirements on 
Sustainability Reporting.
• Bursa Malaysia’s Sustainability Reporting Guide (3rd Edition).
• Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards.
• The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
• Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
Recommendations.
Feedback
We welcome all enquiries, comments and 
feedback on our Integrated Report in order 
to clarify issues and to further improve our 
reporting. Please channel your feedback or 
query to:
Group Corporate Communications
Level 8, Block G, No. 2 
Jalan PJU 1A/7A, Ara Damansara
PJU 1A, 47301 Petaling Jaya, Selangor
Tel : +603-7849 5000
Email : group.communications@
simedarbyproperty.com
Broaden Income 
Streams
Develop New Capabilities Digital 
Transformation
Deepen 
Competencies
Employees Investors and 
Analysts
Debt Providers
RegulatorsVendors
Media

---- Page 4 ----
Sustainability @ 
Central to our strategy is the economic pillar, 
where innovation acts as the main driver across all 
our operations.
This approach, underpinned by strong governance, 
enables us to be responsible and forward-
thinking in our action, aligning with our broader 
environmental and social stewardship goals.• Climate Adaptation
• Energy & Carbon Management
• Urban Biodiversity
• Water Management
• Circularity
• Community Experience
• Occupational Health and Safety
• Responsible Supply Chain Management
• Marketing and Communication
• Corporate Social Responsibility
• Talent Management and Training 
Development
• Diversity and Inclusion
• Corporate Governance and Compliance
• Data Privacy and Cybersecurity
SUSTAINABILITY 
PILLARS
SOCIAL
ENVIRONMENTGOVERNANCE
ECONOMIC
OUR EESG FRAMEWORK ADDRESSING OUR MATERIAL MATTERS
• Innovation
• Property Development
• Investment and Asset Management
• Land Bank Management
ECONOMIC
ENVIRONMENT
SOCIAL
GOVERNANCE
For more details on our Sustainability Framework, please see page For more details on our Material Matters, please see page
• Labour Standards and Practices
• Anti-Bribery and Corruption
BURSA COMMON SUSTAINABILITY 
MATTERS: 
173 60

---- Page 5 ----
By aligning with specific United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (“UN 
SDGs”) relevant to our core business, we 
ensure our sustainability efforts drive 
measurable social and environmental 
impact.
We achieve this through the integration 
of these UN SDGs across all our 
operations, ensuring a holistic approach 
that delivers positive outcomes.
Sime Darby Property
OUR PATH TO NET ZERO BY 2050 ALIGNING WITH THE GLOBAL AGENDA
For more details on our approach towards Energy & Carbon Management, 
please see page
For more details on Our Contribution to the UN SDGs, 
please see page
Our transformative Net Zero 
strategy tackles both Scope 
1 and Scope 2 emissions. As 
a first step, we have set a 
bold target to achieve a
40% reduction in these 
emissions by 2030.
We are committed to 
achieving Net Zero 
carbon emissions by 
2050, aligning with the 
target of limiting global 
temperature rise to 1.5°C.
61 176

---- Page 6 ----
OVERVIEW OF SIME DARBY PROPERTY
22 Our Purpose | Our Core Values 
23 Our Vision | Our Mission | Our Presence | Who We Are
24 Attractive Investment Proposition
–  Business Highlights
–  Financial Highlights
–  Sustainability Highlights
26 Awards & Recognitions
27 Our Competitive Advantage
27 Indices Representation & Credit Ratings
28 What We Do: Core Business Segments
29 Our Distinctive Developments
30 Group Corporate Structure – Operating Entities
32 2023 Significant Events
SEC 2 22-33
VALUE CREATION
34 Our Approach to Value Creation 
36 Our Value Creating Business Model
38 Performance by Capitals
44 Stakeholder Engagement & Value Creation
57 How We Distribute Value
58 Stakeholder Scorecard
SEC 3 34-59
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Strategic Review
60 Material Matters
67 Operating Landscape
–  Market Review and Outlook
–  Global Megatrends & Opportunities
111 Key Risks and Mitigation
123 Our Strategy
124 Strategic Performance Review
129 Key Performance Indicators 
Performance Review
134 Financial Performance
–  Group Chief Financial Officer’s Financial Review
–  Statement of Value Added & Value Distributed
–  Quarterly Performance
–  Statements of Financial Position
–  5-Year Financial Highlights
–  5-Year Financial Summary
–  Financial Calendar
147 Investor Information
–  Investor Relations
–  Share Performance
Operations Review
154 Property Development
160 Investment & Asset Management
168 Leisure
SEC 4 60-171
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
172 Sustainability Statement
SEC 5 172-185
LEADERSHIP
186Corporate Information
187 Board Composition
188 Board of Directors’ Profiles
200 Executive Leadership Composition
201 Executive Leadership Profiles
206 Organisation Structure
SEC 6 186-206
SEC 1 1-21
ABOUT THIS REPORT
SUSTAINABILITY @ SIME DARBY PROPERTY
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS
6 Message from Our Chairman
12 Group Managing Director Review


---- Page 7 ----
GOVERNANCE
207 Corporate Governance Overview Statement
–  What the Board Did in 2023
–  Board Key Focus & Priorities in 2024
–  Nomination and Remuneration Committee Report
–  Audit Committee Report
–  Group Corporate Assurance Department
–  Risk Management Committee Report
250 Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
260 Additional Compliance Information
SEC 7 207-261
SEC 8 262-383
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
263 Statement of Responsibility by the Board of Directors
264 Directors’ Report
268 Statement by Directors
268 Statutory Declaration
269 Independent Auditors’ Report
276 Statements of Profit or Loss
277 Statements of Comprehensive Income
278 Statements of Financial Position
282 Statements of Changes in Equity
284 Statements of Cash Flows
287 Notes to the Financial Statements
SEC 9 384-405
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
384 Analysis of Shareholdings
386 List of Material Properties Held by the Group
388 Independent Assurance Report
392 Corporate Directory
393 Notice of Annual General Meeting
398 Statement Accompanying Notice of the 51st AGM
399 Administrative Details for the 51st AGM 
of Sime Darby Property Berhad
405 Proxy Form
Monday, 20 May 2024
10:00 a.m.
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com/
(virtual meeting platform)
Cover Rationale
In our journey towards becoming a real 
estate company, Sime Darby Property is 
committed to creating lasting value for 
people, businesses, and the environment.
We are pushing the real estate industry 
towards a sustainable future through our 
“SHIFT25” strategy, which goes beyond 
development to encompass investment 
and asset management. At the same time, 
we are also diversifying our offerings to 
meet changing economic needs.
Recognising the importance of sustainability, 
we are developing ESG-focused homes 
and creating lifestyle destination. Along 
with our future-forward direction, we are 
poised to advance real estate to enrich lives 
and manage a thriving asset portfolio that 
benefits all stakeholders. 
Our vision is a future where sustainability, 
innovation and positive impact are at the 
core of everything we do.
51
st
ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING OF 
SIME DARBY PROPERTY

---- Page 8 ----
Dear Stakeholders, 
Sime Darby Property delivered continued solid financial and operational 
performances in FY2023, notwithstanding escalating material prices, 
threat of inflationary pressures and a cautious outlook at the start of 
the year. The Group remained focused on creating sustained value and 
recorded its highest revenue and operating profit, since the 2017 
demerger, of RM3.4 billion and RM606.4 million respectively. This 
demonstrates the unwavering trust and support of all stakeholders and 
customers, as well as the resilience and passion of TEAM Sime Darby 
Property in realising our Purpose to be a Value Multiplier for People, 
Businesses, Economies and the Planet.
Our SHIFT25 strategy continues to be the driving force in enabling the 
Group to push through challenges and capitalise on opportunities to 
deliver our targets. It has been heartening to see our employees fully 
engaged and working together as TEAM Sime Darby Property to execute 
our plans and achieve our goal of transforming from a pure-play 
developer to a real estate company.
The success of our strategies is reflected by the favourable response 
from customers, with our emphasis on delivering high-quality products 
and services that meet their evolving expectations being rewarded by 
a steady growth in launches and sales over the past three years. This 
has placed us firmly on the right trajectory towards our goal of building 
a best-in-class Property Development business.
DATO’ RIZAL RICKMAN RAMLI
Chairman
“
“
The Group 
remained focused 
on creating 
sustained value and 
recorded its highest 
revenue and 
operating profit, 
since the 2017 
demerger, of RM3.4 
billion and RM606.4 
million respectively.
from Our
Message
Chairman
6
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 9 ----
Simultaneously, we have remained dedicated to expanding 
our Investment & Asset Management (“IAM”) business, 
aiming to cultivate strong and diversified recurring 
income streams for sustained long-term shareholder 
value. Over the past year, significant strides have been 
made under our Industrial Development Fund (“IDF”), 
with the construction of Metrohub 1 and 2 at the E-Metro 
Logistics Park, which is slated for completion in 2024, 
and managed to secure J&T Distribution Solutions Sdn 
Bhd as the first pre-committed tenant. Furthermore, we 
have also secured commitments for the remaining RM300 
million to close the fund at RM1.0 billion.
Our productivity in 2023 was further highlighted by our 
concerted efforts to enhance ongoing operations via asset 
enhancement initiatives, alongside the actively exploration 
of new asset classes such as solar energy, with several 
promising prospects currently in our pipeline. 
The progress we have unlocked since embarking on our 
SHIFT25 strategy has been encouraging; we have 
strengthened our fundamentals, pursued numerous new 
ventures and broadened our business model. Riding on 
this momentum and fortified by our robust financial 
standing, the Group is ideally positioned to forge ahead, 
seizing opportunities for expansion, growth and 
diversification with agility and determination.
A YEAR OF HIGHLIGHTS
It was a truly productive year for the Group on all fronts, 
marked by 37 product launches in our Property 
Development segment and the initiation of various 
exciting new projects in our IAM business, alongside 
enhancements to our management and operational 
pursuits across all segments.
The Group marked a key milestone by making its maiden 
foray into the affordable township sector through Seed 
Homes, Sime Darby Property’s new portfolio to deliver 
innovative solutions in the affordable homes segment. 
Seed Homes had recently formed a strategic partnership 
“
“
with Lagenda Properties to revolutionise affordable housing,  
and through this joint venture, we are combining our experience, 
expertise and strategic land bank ownership with Lagenda 
Properties’ highly scalable model of developing self-sustainable 
affordable townships. Our ongoing efforts to launch our inaugural 
affordable township project in Gurun, Kedah, reflects our 
commitment to making homeownership more accessible to 
Malaysians.
Meanwhile, the Group has laid rousing new inroads into the 
renewable energy sector, aligning its efforts with the Malaysian 
government’s new National Energy Transition Roadmap (“NETR”). 
In our commitment to spearheading the transition to renewable 
energy across the real estate industry, we have devised a three-
pronged approach that will explore the implementation  
of residential, commercial and large-scale solar projects in the  
near future. 
In tandem with our foray into renewable energy and commitment 
as a ‘Force for Good’, the Group has further solidified its long-term 
climate change ambitions. In November, we announced our pledge 
to achieve Net Zero emissions by 2050, with an intermediate target 
of attaining a 40% reduction in our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
by 2030. We firmly believe that adopting a Net Zero approach is 
crucial in mitigating global warming, and as such, we have 
implemented both near-term and long-term strategies to guide the 
transformation of our business for the betterment of the planet.
In 2023, our commitment to excellence was widely recognised by 
the industry, as we proudly received a total of 51 awards across 
various categories throughout the year. At the international level, 
our achievements were highlighted by two major wins at the FIABCI 
Prix d’Excellence Awards 2023, including a Gold in the Master Plan 
category for City of Elmina and a Silver in the Residential Mid-Rise 
category for Cantara Residences. These two developments were 
Our SHIFT25 strategy 
continues to be the driving 
force in enabling the Group to 
push through challenges and 
capitalise on opportunities to 
deliver our targets.
7Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 10 ----
similarly recognised in the Malaysian chapter of the FIABCI 
awards, taking top honours in their respective categories.
Meanwhile, we continued our winning streak at the StarProperty 
Awards 2023, with the standout achievement amongst nine 
accolades being our No.1 All Star ranking amid all real estate 
developers. Additionally, we maintained our Platinum ranking 
in the Property Development category at the Putra Brand Awards 
and received the esteemed Marketer of the Year award for the 
second consecutive year. Our consistent performance was further 
validated by our placement in the Top Ten Developers 2023 in 
the BCI Asia Awards, while we improved our rank from fourth 
to third in The Edge Malaysia’s Top Property Developers Awards.
I am delighted to extend my heartfelt congratulations to our 
Director, Datuk Soam Heng Choon and Group Managing Director, 
Dato’ Azmir Merican, for receiving the Outstanding Contribution 
to the Real Estate Industry award and Outstanding Property CEO 
award respectively, at the Edge Property Excellence Awards 
2023. Their dedication and contribution has guided us through 
a commendable transformational journey, and the Board is 
deeply appreciative of their efforts. 
CREATING VALUE FOR STAKEHOLDERS
On the back of our solid performance in 2023, I am delighted 
to announce that the Board has declared a second single-tier 
dividend of 1.5 sen per share, contributing to a total dividend 
of 2.5 sen per share for the year, amounting to RM170 million. 
The Board’s decision reflects confidence in our strategies to 
drive future value for our shareholders through recurring 
earnings, most notably by harnessing the potential of both our 
development pipeline and capital transaction capabilities to 
bolster funds management income.
“
“
In tandem with our 
foray into renewable 
energy and 
commitment as a 
‘Force for Good’, 
the Group has 
further solidified its 
long-term climate 
change ambitions.
A bird’s eye view of the Elmina Peak located in the City of Elmina
8
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Message From Our Chairman 

---- Page 11 ----
Throughout the year, we remained committed to 
enriching the lives of our employees by offering 
competitive rewards and fostering numerous avenues 
for professional growth and career advancement. 
We introduced several new initiatives to strengthen 
our human development framework across all levels, 
including a pilot programme designed to empower 
line managers with effective conversational skills to 
engage and nurture their top talents, alongside 
executive coaching sessions for senior leaders and 
specialised leadership development programmes 
tailored to meet the unique needs of our diverse 
talent pools.
At the international level, our 
achievements were highlighted 
by two major wins at the FIABCI 
Prix d’Excellence Awards 2023, 
including a Gold in the Master 
Plan category for City of Elmina 
and a Silver in the Residential 
Mid-Rise category for Cantara 
Residences.
“
“
9Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 12 ----
Safety is a paramount for the Group, and the Board remains 
informed of the progress made across our Health, Safety, 
Security and Environment (“HSSE”) portfolio, ensuring a 
steadfast focus on the safety of all staff and contractor personnel 
at our construction projects and operations. Our Leadership 
Engagement and Action Programme (“LEAP”) continues to 
reinforce our commitment to safety, with leadership playing a 
pivotal role in driving the safety message to our staff. To this 
end, our leadership team, alongside two board members, 
conducted one-to-one sessions with 62 foreign workers at 
various construction sites throughout 2023. These sessions were 
aimed at gaining a better understanding of the day-to-day 
challenges faced by frontline project staff and foreign workers, 
ensuring their work safety remains a top priority.
As a responsible corporate citizen, we remain committed to 
supporting and creating valuable opportunities for the wider 
community, both independently and through our philanthropic 
foundation, Yayasan Sime Darby (“YSD”). With an eye on 
enhancing educational support for the next generation, we 
launched a new Technical and Vocation Education and Training 
(“TVET”) initiative in collaboration with YSD, and will leverage 
on this programme to sponsor the learning aspirations of 
B40 youths.
At the same time, the Group had conducted 25 Corporate Social 
Responsibility (“CSR”) programmes, and contributed RM12.2 
million in donations and sponsorships, as well as RM3.4 million in 
local community investments. Through these endeavours, we were 
able to touch the lives of over 5,000 people. 
PROGRESSING OUR SUSTAINABILITY JOURNEY
Advancing our sustainability journey remains pivotal to our long-
term strategy for creating shared value and ensuring sustainable 
performance across all business segments. To this end, we 
established a Board Sustainability Committee (“BSC”) on 
1 January 2023, tasked with driving our Environmental, Social, 
and Governance (“ESG”) agenda forward, reviewing our progress 
against internal sustainability targets, and ensuring that our 
long-term strategies are geared towards enhancing our capacity 
to create shared value.
Bolstered by our heightened focus and oversight across the ESG 
spectrum, we underscored our commitment to climate change 
action through our Net Zero announcement this year. In 
conjunction, we have identified numerous near-term and long-
term strategies to achieve our targets, ranging from the 
transition to renewable energy sources to the electrification of 
our vehicles and equipment, alongside the education of our 
workforce to promote good energy practices. 
Looking ahead, we recognise the immense value in carbon 
sequestration through nature-based solutions focused on 
conservation and regeneration of urban biodiversity. This holistic 
strategy does not merely entail the planting of trees, but involves 
scientific analysis, internal capacity building and the involvement 
of communities across several of our townships. 
In 2023, our efforts in this area gained significant momentum with 
the launch of two key projects. In February, we inaugurated the 
initial phase of KL East Park, encompassing 17 acres of flourishing 
regenerating forest boasting over 300 plant species, 120 bird 
species, and a diverse cornucopia of fish, reptiles and insects. 
The remaining 36-acres of this already award-winning destination 
will be utilised for placemaking initiatives and educational 
programmes, as we seek to involve and empower local communities 
in understanding and safeguarding urban biodiversity.
Additionally, in December, we began work on our ambitious City 
of Elmina biodiversity corridor, a project that aims to restore 
ecological connectivity to the Bukit Cherakah Forest Reserve 
through the 300-acre Elmina Central Park. Designed to emulate 
the natural function of rainforests in supporting diverse flora 
and fauna, this initiative will provide refuge and resources for 
local wildlife. In tandem with these two projects, we are 
launching a new Citizen Scientists pilot project that seeks to 
harness enthusiastic members of the public to further our 
biodiversity research activities. 
Our dedication to biodiversity and environmental management 
was widely recognised in 2023, evidenced through multiple 
awards received. In the StarProperty Real Estate Developer 
Awards 2023, KL East Park earned the prestigious Placemaker 
Award (Excellence), while our Bandar Bukit Raja Townpark was 
honoured with the Landscape Development Award (Excellence). 
Similarly, in the Malaysia Landscape Architecture Awards 13, KL 
East Park secured the Landscape Resource Preservation & 
Conservation Award, while both the City of Elmina and Serenia 
City were recipients of the Sustainable Management Category 
– Environmental & Landscape Management Award.
In February, we inaugurated 
the initial phase of KL East 
Park, encompassing 17 acres 
of flourishing regenerating 
forest boasting over 300 
plant species, 120 bird 
species, and a diverse 
cornucopia of fish, reptiles 
and insects.
“
“
10
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Message From Our Chairman 

---- Page 13 ----
GOVERNANCE 
We acknowledge the critical role that effective governance plays 
in maintaining our operational excellence and generating stakeholder 
value, and remain committed to upholding best practices in 
corporate governance, as outlined in the Malaysian Code on 
Corporate Governance (“MCCG”) and the Main Market Listing 
Requirements (“MMLR”) by Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.
We continue to review and enhance our governance framework 
and policies each year, taking into account the recommendations 
of our various Board Committees. Our initiatives in 2023 included 
revisions to our Fit & Proper Policy and the Group’s Code of 
Business Conduct (“COBC”), while we also updated the terms 
of reference for our Audit Committee to align with the enhanced 
Conflict of Interest (“COI”) disclosure requirements mandated 
by Bursa Malaysia. Furthermore, we introduced a new Non-Audit 
Services (“NAS”) Concurrence Policy to reinforce the 
independence and objectivity of external auditors.
In our steadfast commitment to uphold human rights, the Board 
approved a new Human Rights Policy in June 2023. This initiative 
was further reinforced with the undertaking of a human rights 
assessment for our top five contractors, which was carried out 
by the Group Corporate Assurance Department (“GCAD”) and 
the Cost & Control Department in line with the due diligence 
guidelines set forth by the International Labour Organisation.
Recognising the ever-changing landscape of our industry, the 
Board also conducted an evaluation of the training needs for 
our directors. Through this undertaking, we were able to ensure 
the engagement of reputable regional training providers to keep 
our directors well-informed and up-to-date on global business 
trends, corporate governance practices, sustainability principles, 
strategic planning and leadership methodologies.
In recent Board developments, I am delighted to welcome 
Puan Nur Farahbi binti Shaari as a Non-Independent Non-
Executive Director, officially appointed on 1 September 2023, 
alongside her alternate, Encik Khalid bin Mohammed Noor. 
With this addition, our Board has expanded from 10 to 11 
members and, more significantly, increased the proportion of 
women directors to 36%, with four exceptional female leaders 
on our Board lending us greater diversity in experience, expertise 
and viewpoints. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
In closing, I extend my heartfelt gratitude to our Board, 
leadership teams and entire workforce for their remarkable 
contributions to the Group’s achievements in 2023. Your 
unwavering dedication to fostering a values-driven organisation 
has set us on a path of success, positioning us to not only meet 
but exceed the expectations of our stakeholders as we pursue 
our overarching goals.
We are immensely grateful to our various stakeholders for their 
continued support of the Group’s activities and operations. I would 
like to extend my appreciation for the ongoing collaboration of 
government and regulatory bodies, as well as the remarkable 
loyalty and support of our esteemed shareholders, vendors and 
partners. A special acknowledgment is reserved for our valued 
customers, whose enthusiasm and appetite for our products and 
services have remained stronger than ever throughout 2023.
Through the collective and dedicated efforts of all our 
stakeholders, the Group has made progress towards our 
aspiration of becoming Malaysia’s leading and most admired real 
estate company. As we forge ahead towards our ambitions, let 
us continue to collaborate meaningfully to consistently multiply 
the value we generate for the betterment of people, businesses, 
economies and the planet. 
DATO’ RIZAL RICKMAN RAMLI
Chairman
Outdoor Discovery League programme by the Citizen Scientist initiative Learning the basics of composting via the Outdoor Discovery League
11Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 14 ----
Dear Stakeholders
It gives me great pleasure to share that FY2023 was a successful year for 
Sime Darby Property as the Group recorded a solid performance with its 
highest revenue and operating profit since the 2017 demerger, reaching 
RM3.4 billion and RM606.4 million respectively. This achievement was 
primarily attributed to the robust sales performance of our diversified 
product mix and recovery from labour shortage which contributed to higher 
site progress in major townships within the Property Development segment.
The Group’s performance was also supported by a sales achievement of 
RM3.3 billion and the successful launch of 37 projects with a combined Gross 
Development Value (“GDV”) of RM4.0 billion during the year.
Our commendable results in 2023, while navigating numerous industry 
challenges, underscore the disciplined execution of our SHIFT25 strategy in 
translating our strategies and plans into actions and delivering results. As we 
progress, the transformation journey remains focused on igniting our Engines 
of Growth and driving Corporate Priorities. In this statement, I will provide 
an overview of our operational progress throughout the year and the strides 
we have taken towards how we are executing our SHIFT25 strategy.
Our commendable 
results in 2023, 
while navigating 
numerous industry 
challenges, 
underscore the 
disciplined execution 
of our SHIFT25 
strategy in 
translating our 
strategies and plans 
into actions and 
delivering results.
“
“DATO’ AZMIR MERICAN
Group Managing Director
Serenia Anisa, Serenia City
12
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 15 ----
Group 
Managing 
Director
Review
A YEAR OF PROGRESS ON ALL FRONTS
Driven by our focus on execution, we achieved notable headway across all our business segments in 2023. It was another 
significant year for our Property Development business, as we continued to sustain sales momentum, accelerate on-site progress 
and ensure successful product delivery. Despite a cautious start to the year, we managed to surpass our sales target of RM2.7 
billion by 22% while handing over approximately 3,440 units to new homeowners during the year, well above our yearly average 
of 2,000 units.
The Property Development segment also reached a crucial milestone for our long-term ambitions in the industrial sector. Following 
on from our announcement last year, we are pleased to have obtained shareholder approval for the acquisition of 949 acres of 
land in Sg. Kapar, Klang for a consideration of RM618 million. The acquisition will contribute to a future pipeline of products  
worth approximately RM5-6 billion in GDV within our established Bandar Bukit Raja township. This new industrial gateway, or 
“BBRX,” will be positioned as a high-value ESG-focused industrial park, enabling us to launch products for the next 10-15 years.
For our Investment & Asset Management (“IAM”) business, we are proud to have secured the first tenancy for our maiden 
project within the E-Metro Logistics Park in Bandar Bukit Raja, Klang, with J&T Distribution Solutions Sdn Bhd (“J&T”) committing 
to occupy 21% of the Net Lettable Area (“NLA”) with an option to expand for an additional 23% of the NLA. As the first 
development under our Industrial Development Fund (“IDF”), formed as a joint venture with LOGOS Property in 2021, our ability 
to deliver on these initial projects will provide a strong foundation for expanding our fund management business in the future.
Meanwhile, our flagship Leisure asset, Kuala Lumpur Golf & Country Club (“KLGCC”) successfully heralded the return of Ladies 
Professional Golf Association (“LPGA”) to Malaysia after six years, hosting its sactioned Maybank Championship on 26-29 October 
2023. This event provides a vital boost for the global visibility of our award-winning golf course, attracting over 50,000 visi tors 
and being broadcasted in over 170 markets and 560 million households worldwide. KLGCC will continue to host this exciting 
event for the next two editions, up until 2025.
13Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 16 ----
In addition to these milestones, we also took meaningful steps 
forward in our sustainability journey during the year, underscored 
by the November 2023 announcement of our pledge to achieve 
Net Zero Emissions by 2050, with the intermediate target of 
reducing our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 40% by 2030. 
We have also announced our support for the Government’s 
National Energy Transition Roadmap (“NETR”), specifically 
towards the vision of achieving 70% renewable energy generation 
capacity by 2050.
To this end, we are spearheading the industry-wide transition 
towards renewable energy through residential, commercial and 
large-scale solar projects amongst others and have signed a 
Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) with Tenaga Nasional 
Berhad (“TNB”) for the exploration and development of 
sustainable higher revenue recognition.
We are also pleased to have officially opened our new 53-acre 
KL East Park, an enchanting naturally regenerating secondary 
rainforest in the heart of the city, home to a variety of rare, 
endemic species and beautiful geological formations. Following 
its February 2023 launch, KL East Park has already been accorded 
numerous awards, including the Placemaker Award (Excellence) 
in the Star Property Real Estate Developer Awards 2023 and the 
Landscape Resource Preservation & Conservation Award in the 
13th Malaysia Landscape Architecture Awards. Overall, the 
Group had won an unprecedented 51 awards in 2023 and 
received international recognition by winning Gold in the 
Masterplan category for the City of Elmina and Silver in the 
Residential Mid-Rise category for Cantara Residences at the 2023 
FIABCI World Prix d’Excellence Awards held in the United States.
Another notable highlight of the year was the commencement 
of our strategic collaboration with Maybank to integrate their 
Maybank Home2u financing platform into Sime Darby Property’s 
Online Booking System. This strategic venture now enables us 
to offer homebuyers a seamless experience in booking their 
dream home and applying for financing in one single journey.
RESPONDING TO A DYNAMIC MARKET LANDSCAPE
Despite the measurable success achieved in 2023, there were 
ongoing challenges including domestic and global inflationary 
pressures, a weakening Ringgit and labour shortages. Like many 
developers, we were cautious going into FY2023. The improved 
labour availability contributed to better site progress resulting 
in higher revenue recognition.
In the first half of FY2023, we witnessed a robust sales momentum, 
achieving 65% of our full-year target. This encouraged us to revise 
our full-year sales target from RM2.3 billion to RM2.7 billion 
and our GDV launch target from RM3.0 billion to RM4.0 billion, 
An aerial view of the 53-acre KL East Park
14
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Group Managing Director Review

---- Page 17 ----
as we were confident that market demand would remain well 
into the second half of the year. Our agility in swiftly taking 
advantage of market conditions stems from our product pipeline 
readiness and having low levels of completed inventories, which 
enable us to capitalise on growing consumer demands by 
launching more products.
While the domestic market proved favourable, the landscape in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”), home to our Battersea Power 
Station (“BPS”) joint venture with S P Setia and the Malaysian 
Employee Provident Fund (“EPF”), presented challenges. The 
overall UK market has been significantly impacted by rising 
inflation and persistent interest rate hikes, with the Bank of 
England announcing 14 rate hikes since September 2021, five 
of them occurring in the past twelve months alone.
As a result, we incurred higher share of losses from the BPS joint 
venture in 2023, impacting our bottom line. Nonetheless, we 
will continue to monitor the market environment while we focus 
our efforts on ensuring the overall Battersea development 
remains a vibrant and thriving destination for its resident 
community and visitors alike.
Market dynamics aside, our key challenge in Malaysia was to 
manage the rising cost of business, with our industry currently 
exposed to an increase in the overall cost of construction, notably 
due to rising raw material prices, currency fluctuation and cost of 
labour, which is placing pressure on margins. To mitigate this 
challenge, we continue to leverage our strengths and diversify 
our product mix across 25 of our active townships, offering both 
landed and high-rise residential products across various price 
points, commercial products, as well as introducing more industrial 
products and solutions across an array of customers.
ROBUST LAUNCHES AND SALES
Aligned with our heightened focus on industrial property 
development, ten of our launches in 2023 featured industrial 
products with a collective GDV of RM689 million. Building upon 
our established success at Elmina Business Park, Serenia City, 
and XME Business Park in Nilai Impian, six developments within 
these projects achieved a strong 92% take-up rate, reflecting 
robust market demand and underscoring our growing reputation 
as a developer of sought-after industrial parks.
Other launches primarily consisted of residential products. 
Landed residential offerings amounted to a total GDV of RM1.6 
billion, with an average take-up rate of 77%. Standout projects 
that garnered especially strong take-up rates were Elmina Green 
7 in the City of Elmina, Serenia Anisa in Serenia City and Emilia 
in Nilai Impian.
Meanwhile, high-rise residential launches contributed to a total 
GDV of RM1.4 billion, reflecting our focus on increasing our 
portfolio of high-rise residential projects. Notable developments 
in this category included Teja in SJCC, Serasi Residences in Putra 
Heights, and Hype Residences, the first serviced apartment 
introduced in our new SJ7 mixed integrated development.
In 2023, the Group’s total sales of RM3.3 billion featured a well-
balanced product mix, with residential landed properties accounting 
for 36%, high-rise residential units for 27%, and industrial products 
for 31% of the total sales. Both the industrial and high-rise 
residential segments demonstrated year-on-year growth, expanding 
by 15% and 2% to respectively contribute RM1.0 billion and 
RM889 million towards total sales during the year.
Guided by our emphasis on strategic diversification of our 
Property Development products, the industrial segment’s sales 
contribution has increased from minimal in 2019 to 31% in 2023, 
marking its importance and growing demand. Segment sales 
were mainly from Elmina Business Park, Bandar Bukit Raja and 
Nilai Impian’s XME Business Park. Similarly, high-rise residential 
sales have also seen a significant uptick, rising from 19% of sales 
in 2019 to 27% in FY2023.
Sales for Koa at Electric Boulevard at BPS achieved a take-up 
rate of approximately 54%, with 111 units sold thus far 
amounting to a GDV of £101.6 million. As it stands at 31 
December 2023, our two previously completed residential 
projects achieved a combined 97% take-up rate, while our three 
commercial spaces in Phase 1, 2 and 3A are currently leased at 
95%, 90% and 85% respectively. The growing popularity of the 
Battersea Power Station as a destination for both locals and 
tourists has resulted in a significant 45% increase in annual 
footfall, with over 11 million visitors welcomed during 2023.
While our property development activities expanded in 2023, 
the total land activated (including non-core disposals) during the 
year reduced by 940 acres, reflecting our increased emphasis on 
high-rise launches within our portfolio. Recognising the continued 
potential in this market segment, we are actively exploring 
strategic pocket land acquisitions for swift turnaround projects 
that will bolster our high-rise product pipeline.
As we progressed in completing our acquisition of new land for 
industrial township development in Kapar, Klang, we also 
maintained momentum in our land monetisation activities to divest 
non-core land assets. Throughout the year, we executed four Sale 
and Purchase Agreements (“SPAs”) with a total value of 
approximately RM87 million for the disposal of approximately 
400 acres of non-core lands in Kedah. These agreements are 
currently in various stages of sale and are targeted to be 
completed in FY2024.
15Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 18 ----
INVESTMENT & ASSET MANAGEMENT SEGMENT
Over the past twelve months, significant progress has been 
achieved in advancing our IAM businesses and ongoing projects. 
Our inaugural wholly-owned mall, KL East Mall (“KLEM”), has 
physical occupancy of 90% with footfall boosted by the opening 
of Camp5, a marquee tenant.
Looking ahead, our retail division is gearing up to launch two 
new malls, Elmina Lakeside Mall and Senada Mall, in FY2024 
and FY2025. These neighbourhood malls will offer a diverse 
range of amenities, including drive-through restaurants, a variety 
of dining options, home and living stores, services, health and 
wellness outlets, and boutique lifestyle retailers. Designed as 
convenient hotspots for discerning consumers and buyers, our 
retail assets are not only shaping up to be attractive shopping 
destinations but also vibrant lifestyle community hubs for our 
township residents.
For our industrial division, construction of the first development 
project under our IDF has also progressed as planned. Metrohub 
2 is slated to complete in the first half of 2024, with Metrohub 
1 on track to complete at the end of the year. In addition to 
securing J&T as our first tenant for Metrohub 2, we are also 
pleased to have obtained a SHASSIC 5 Star rating for both 
Metrohub 2 and Metrohub 1. Furthermore, we have secured 
commitments for the remaining RM300 million to close the Fund 
at RM1.0 billion.
With our sights set on unlocking more avenues for recurring 
income growth, our IAM segment is diversifying its portfolio into 
new asset classes adjacent to real estate such as renewable solar 
energy, aligning itself with upcoming trends linked to the 
government’s National Industrial Masterplan 2030 (“NIMP”) and 
NETR. Our solar initiatives represent an especially exciting new 
sector for the Group, enabling us to leverage on various 
competitive advantages we possess, including our position as 
property developer with large rooftop spaces and landbanks, our 
relationships with end customers and tenants, as well as our capital 
raising capabilities with investments and fund management teams.
In tandem with our growth projects, we have continued to 
undertake operating efficiency, cost reduction and asset 
enhancement initiatives across our various asset classes. 
Compounded with the expected opening of Elmina Lakeside Mall 
in Q3 2024 and other activations in our pipeline, we expect 
stronger contributions from our IAM segment in the coming year.
LEISURE SEGMENT
Our Leisure segment increased its revenue by 11% during 2023, 
with a 4% increase in membership during the year contributing 
to higher F&B and golfing activities. A key highlight for this 
segment was certainly the successful hosting of the Maybank 
Championship 2023 which was an important coup in our ongoing 
efforts to bring world-class events to the club and further 
promote our KLGCC West Course as amongst the best in Asia. 
With hosting rights for the next two years secured, we are seizing 
the opportunity to enhance and upgrade our facilities and 
amenities to capitalise on the exposure to grow membership. 
In 2023, we refurbished our KLGCC gym with cutting edge 
equipment powered by Technogym to boost our members’ 
experience, while also enhancing our badminton and squash 
courts, as well as our golf course greens. The club has also 
underscored its commitment to elevate the township’s offerings 
by collaborating with partners to introduce new activities such 
as pickle ball, padel, spin classes and yoga at The Courts at 
KLGCC Resort.
Across our Leisure assets, we were successful in growing the 
total revenue from events. A total of 1,068 events generated 
revenue of RM21.7 million in 2023, compared to 1,011 events 
and RM15.8 million revenue in 2022.
Moving forward, we will continue to enhance our offerings across 
our assets, seeking to offer greater value, variety and convenience 
to our members. One exciting development our KLGCC members 
can look forward to is the refinement of our KLGCC mobile 
application to include digitalisation of our driving range and 
other sports facilities on top of existing golf sessions booking 
system, which will be supplemented by a 7-day advance booking 
policy to foster fair booking practices for all members.
STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In 2023, the Group’s revenue reached RM3.4 billion, marking a 
significant 25.3% increase from the previous year. This growth 
was driven by the strong performance of the Property 
Development segment, supported by higher opening unbilled 
sales, healthy sales momentum and took advantage of improving 
labour market conditions to ramp up on-site development across 
In 2023, a total of 74,072 
training hours were 
recorded, with 86% of the 
hours dedicated to technical, 
functional, and sustainability 
programmes.
“ “
16
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Group Managing Director Review

---- Page 19 ----
major townships. On the back of our highest revenue since the 
2017 demerger, we also saw a notable increase in operating 
profit, rising by 39.0% to RM606.4 million. Similarly, our profit 
before tax (“PBT”) surged by 33.0% to RM610.3 million, and 
profit after tax and minority interest (“PATAMI”) grew by 29.2% 
to RM407.9 million. However, these profits were partly offset 
by an increase in our share of loss from joint ventures, which 
amounted to RM58.1 million compared to RM27.8 million in 
2022, primarily due to challenges faced by our BPS project in 
the UK stemming from an unfavourable operating environment.
Our impressive performance in 2023 is further highlighted by an 
increase in our total bookings, which reached RM1.9 billion as 
of 4 February 2024, while our total unbilled sales have remained 
steady at RM3.6 billion. With the cash deployment on land 
acquisitions for future developments in Bandar Bukit Raja and 
Malaysian Vision Valley 2.0, our cash position remains robust at 
RM602.6 million and is further supported by a healthy net 
gearing ratio of 22.7%.
DEVELOPING OUR PEOPLE
We regard our workforce as our most invaluable asset and are 
making significant investments to provide them with opportunities 
for professional development, empowering them to contribute 
meaningfully to our SHIFT25 dynamic transformation objectives.
In 2023, a total of 74,072 training hours were recorded, 
with 86% of the hours dedicated to technical, functional, 
and sustainability programmes. We deployed a wide range of 
development programmes to meet the diverse needs of our 
workforce, including the resumption of face-to-face training 
sessions based on the request of the management and employees, 
and the continued use of LinkedIn Learning, which was integrated 
with AI functionality in 2023 to curate learning plans tailored to 
each employee’s specific needs. 
Our training and development framework was further bolstered 
during the year with the introduction of a variety of new 
initiatives. These include an Aspiration and Development 
Conversation workshop to equip Line Managers with 
communication skills for engaging and developing top talent, 
a pilot programme crafting Individual Development Plans for 
selected employees to initiate their career progression with Sime 
Darby Property, and site visits to provide additional on-ground 
exposure for our workforce to understand our business activities 
and safety practices.
We initiated a partnership with YSD to provide our high potential 
employees a chance to advance their professional qualifications 
via the Masters of Real Estate Development programme that has 
been designed by Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman in collaboration 
with Real Estate and Housing Developers Association (“REHDA”).
KLGCC was the official venue host for the Maybank Championship 2023 as sanctioned by LPGA
17Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 20 ----
Simultaneously, we recognise the importance of fostering a shift 
in employee mindset, and are actively addressing this through 
the implementation of digital and cybersecurity-related training 
modules. Over the past year, we began integrating Cybersecurity 
eLearning into our HR on Cloud (“HROC”) platform, enabling 
employees to learn at their convenience and empowering 
managers to oversee their progress.
At the same time, our digital transformation concurrently presents 
opportunities to enhance our competitiveness and operational 
efficiencies through the use of cutting-edge tools and technology. 
Among the initiatives we are exploring are the utilisation of 
augmented reality cameras to monitor construction progress, 
identify defects and remotely manage issues on our construction 
sites. Additionally, we are assessing the implementation of an 
online marketplace ecosystem that connects developers and 
construction materials, streamlining the procurement process and 
facilitating more efficient buying, selling and price negotiation 
for raw materials.
Moving forward, we are committed to identifying and adopting 
a broader range of smart building technologies to be integrated 
into both construction processes and home design. This approach 
will result in the creation of more energy-efficient, sustainable 
and desirable properties, solidifying our position as a market 
leader in the industry.
FULFILLING OUR PROMISE OF SUSTAINABLE RETURNS
In addition to achieving strong financial returns in 2023, 
we focused on delivering clear social and environmental impacts 
and have made significant progress on the ESG front.
A pivotal measure of our success has been our ability to maintain 
and enhance our ratings in global and local sustainability 
benchmark indices. In 2023, the Group was successful in improving 
our Carbon Disclosure Project (“CDP”) rating from 
‘C’ to ‘B’, surpassing Asia’s ‘C’ average and indicating the 
meaningful progress we have made to embed robust environmental 
management into our operations. With this improved rating, the 
Group is positioned more favourably amongst financial institutions, 
investors and regulators that are demanding greater transparency 
in environmental disclosures and increased climate action from 
corporate entities.
In conjunction with this, I am delighted to announce that our 
Sukuk Musharakah Programme has maintained its AA+ IS rating 
with a stable outlook from MARC Ratings Berhad for the third 
consecutive year in 2023. This continued strong rating reflects 
the Group’s robust fundamentals and ongoing growth prospects, 
where MARC Ratings have noted our strong sales track record 
in well-established townships, and strong balance sheet, 
characterised by low leverage, as key rating drivers.
Complementing our training and development thrusts, 
we conducted a comprehensive array of engagement activities 
throughout the year to maintain robust engagement and 
motivation among our workforce. These activities ranged from 
festive gift-giving and observance of global days such as 
Mother’s Day, to sporting events like futsal and cycling games, 
and a variety of webinars.
It is heartening to see our efforts to empower employees 
recognised by the broader industry, as we picked up three 
notable awards reflecting our commitment in this aspect: the 
Linkedin Learning Champion 2023, Talentbank’s Graduates’ 
Choice Award 2023 and HR Asia’s Best Companies to Work for 
in Asia 2023.
PROGRESSING OUR DIGITALISATION JOURNEY
Acknowledging the pivotal role of digitalisation in maintaining 
our competitive edge in today’s landscape, the Group has 
prioritised the adoption of new technologies while reinforcing 
our cybersecurity framework.
Key digitalisation efforts undertaken during FY2023 include the 
implementation of an executive management dashboard, which 
offers easy access to construction and sales progress to our 
leadership teams, along with the automation of purchaser 
application data for submission to Lembaga Perumahan dan 
Hartanah Selangor (“LPHS”) and the integration of our Enterprise 
Resource Planning (“ERP”) and eProcurement systems to reduce 
double entries for property contract related transactions.
As we seek to embed ESG considerations into our business 
processes, we have adopted the use of Benchmark Gensuite’s 
digital ESG reporting software to streamline the tracking of key 
safety and sustainability KPIs, enhancing our ability to disclose 
our performance in adherence to ESG frameworks and provide 
meaningful updates of our impacts to investors and other 
stakeholders.
Cognisant that increased digitalisation brings additional exposure 
to cybersecurity risks and data privacy compliance requirements, 
we have continued to bolster our cybersecurity systems in 
FY2023. Key initiatives include enhancing protection for our 
email systems with three layers of defence to block malware 
and phishing emails, as well as the adoption of Data Leakage 
Protection (“DLP”) tools to encrypt and classify user data, 
protecting against unauthorised access or use.
As we progress in our digitalisation journey, we remain mindful 
of the challenges and opportunities in our path. Costs continue 
to be a significant consideration, particularly due to the limited 
availability of software tailored for Property Developers and 
Construction digitalisation. This scarcity leads to low competition 
and consequently, higher costs for software acquisition. 
18
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Group Managing Director Review

---- Page 21 ----
Having issued an additional RM600 million under the Sukuk 
Musharakah Programme during FY2023, we have utilised these 
proceeds to part fund the Group’s long-term assets, including 
working capital requirements, all guided by our overarching goal 
of delivering sustainable returns to all our shareholders.
CLIMATE CHANGE
As the global community intensifies efforts to combat the 
impacts of climate change, our Net Zero pledge announced in 
2023 reaffirms our commitment to driving positive transformation 
within our sectors. Embracing a comprehensive approach to 
climate change mitigation, we are actively increasing our use of 
renewable energy, exploring alternative materials with lower 
carbon footprints, reducing operational waste sent to landfills, 
and implementing optimised electricity consumption practices, 
among other initiatives.
With our efforts intensifying, we are confidently on track to 
achieve our goal of reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 40% by 
2030. Recognising that collaboration within the industry is vital 
for reaching our Net Zero Emissions target across all three 
emission scopes, we have also heightened our engagement with 
industry associations and our supply chain to advocate for swift 
decarbonisation.
In addition to our carbon abatement initiatives, we remain 
committed to enhancing biodiversity across all our developments 
while preserving and regenerating natural ecosystems. Two 
significant biodiversity projects reached key milestones during 
the year, with the launch of the first phase of our KL East Park 
undertaken in February, and work commencing on our City of 
Elmina biodiversity corridor in December.
It is heartening to see KL East Park already being recognised 
through numerous awards for its landscaping design, placemaking 
value and contribution to the community, and we are excited to 
replicate a similar success for the City of Elmina biodiversity 
corridor. This ambitious project aims to restore ecological 
connectivity to the Bukit Cherakah Forest Reserve via the 300-
acre Elmina Central Park. In our efforts to create a truly diverse 
and welcoming urban wildlife sanctuary, our design will mimic 
the layers of natural rainforests, providing refuge and resources 
for the flourishing of flora and fauna.
As we advance as a catalyst for positive change, we recognise 
the significance of having an enthusiastic and highly 
knowledgeable workforce, alongside a collaborative network of 
supply chain partners, prepared to tackle the challenges ahead. 
Accordingly, in 2023, we introduced three new educational and 
awareness ESG learning modules to strengthen our engagement 
with employees and supply chain partners, while building their 
competencies in the areas of carbon footprint reduction and 
biodiversity protection.
SAFETY FIRST
As a leading national property developer, the Group remains a 
strong proponent of workplace safety and health in the real 
estate industry in Malaysia. Now in its third year, our leaders, 
including two board members, have continued to engage staff, 
contractors and consultant owners via the Leadership Engagement 
and Action Programme (“LEAP”). In 2023, we enhanced this 
engagement with the launch of the Talk to Workers (“T2W”) 
initiative, facilitating one-to-one discussions with 62 workers to 
gain deeper insights into their safety challenges.
In addition, we have also significantly revamped our Health, 
Safety, Security, and Environment (“HSSE”) management 
systems over the past year, launching a comprehensive suite of 
19 HSSE manual to systematically ingrain safety practices across 
our organisation. As part of this upgrade, we provided a total 
of 8,037 hours of engagement and training with all relevant 
members of our workforce, culminating in the successful 
completion of the Hazard and Effect Management process for 
Working at Heights.
As we advance as a 
catalyst for positive 
change, we recognise the 
significance of having an 
enthusiastic and highly 
knowledgeable workforce, 
alongside a collaborative 
network of supply chain 
partners, prepared to 
tackle the challenges 
ahead.
“
“
19Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 22 ----
As we refine our management approach, our commitment to 
promoting robust safety practices on-site remains unwavering. 
I am pleased to report that our compliance with Personal 
Protective Equipment (“PPE”) protocols across construction sites 
reached an impressive 97% as at the end of 2023. Additionally, 
we achieved improved compliance with work-at-height scaffolds 
measuring contractors’ adherence against CIDB requirements. 
Through our proactive engagement with staff, we also witnessed 
a notable increase in the reporting of first aid and injury 
incidents. Responding to our calls to embed a robust safety 
culture across all levels of our organisation, 94% of our staff 
reported at least two safety observations or concerns during 
the year.
Despite our diligence, we suffered one fatality involving a 
subcontractor’s worker in December 2023. Our heartfelt 
condolences go out to the affected family and colleagues. This 
incident is not acceptable and we are working closely with our 
contractors for strict adherence to safety standards, practices 
and cultures at worksites. We remain steadfast in ensuring that 
all employees, contractors and site workers comply with the set 
safety standards and regulations to eliminate such occurrences.
OUTLOOK
Entering 2024, there is a notable upswing in optimism compared 
to the start of 2023, underpinned by rising sales volumes, 
encouraging market response to new property launches and 
successful project completions. Additionally, positive government 
policies and incentives further bolster our confidence in the 
market outlook.
Recent economic forecasts suggest that the country is primed 
for stronger growth of between 4-5%, while the expected 
stability of interest rates augurs well to provide businesses and 
consumers with more certainty. Globally, economic growth is 
expected to remain modest due to monetary policy tightening 
and subdued trade amidst ongoing geopolitical tensions. 
However, there is a positive indication of declining global 
inflation from its 2023 peaks. Nevertheless, we remain vigilant 
to a weakening ringgit and rising cost of materials impacting our 
margins and cost of doing business.
On the back of robust demand and improving labour conditions 
in 2023, our Property Development arm will remain agile to 
respond to market developments by launching products tailored 
A safety briefing during a LEAP visit
20
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Group Managing Director Review

---- Page 23 ----
to specific segmental needs and target markets. We will maintain 
an aggressive stance in executing our launch pipeline, particularly 
focusing on all three segments of landed residential, industrial 
and high-rise residential. Emphasis will also be placed on 
addressing the growing demand for value-oriented solutions 
across residential and commercial sectors, incorporating 
elements of sustainable living, green initiatives, energy efficiency 
and ESG principles into our upcoming product offerings.
Sustainability remains a core focus for us at Sime Darby Property, 
driving our passion to lead and effect change. The introduction 
of various solar initiatives by our IAM segment in 2023 
underscores this commitment, and we are optimistic to see 
meaningful progress in these ventures during 2024, while also 
seeking outcomes from our collaboration with TNB to explore 
renewable energy opportunities.
Moreover, we see significant potential for our IAM segment in 
capitalising on new opportunities arising from recently announced 
government policies, such as the NIMP and NETR. Leveraging 
our strategic land holdings and project execution capabilities, 
we are in a prime position to benefit from the various catalytic 
projects under these policies, especially within the solar energy 
and industrial and logistic parks sectors.
Across all segments, our focus will remain on executing our 
SHIFT25 strategy and plans with emphasis on accelerating our 
Engines of Growth and driving Corporate Priorities. We will 
continue to protect our margins through effective cost management 
practices, while ensuring an agile and diversified product mix that 
is complemented by placemaking and developing of catalytic 
assets to uplift the value of our townships.
Simultaneously, we will increase our urgency and attention on 
ESG and sustainability in our role as a ‘Force for Good’, setting 
the bar higher each year to create multiplied value for all 
stakeholders.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I am delighted to acknowledge the numerous parties whose 
contributions have propelled the Group to its record-breaking 
performance in 2023.
First and foremost, heartfelt thanks to our esteemed Board of 
Directors for their invaluable guidance, counsel and unwavering 
support. The Board and the various Board committees have spent 
much effort and time to help shape our progress and 
transformation. To my dedicated colleagues in management, 
your collaborative spirit has been instrumental in driving our 
SHIFT25 transformation journey forward. We are also profoundly 
grateful for the enduring trust and support of our valued 
investors and shareholders, particularly key stakeholders such 
as Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“PNB”), who have steadfastly 
believed in our vision.
A sincere appreciation goes out to the State Governments of 
Selangor, Negeri Sembilan and Johor, and the local authorities, 
as well as the Federal Government, Ministries, agencies, 
regulatory bodies, industry associations like REHDA, and our 
strategic partners and vendors. Your ongoing support has been 
essential in facilitating our continuous evolution and enabling 
us to surpass our targets. I would like to especially extend my 
gratitude to our customers and the communities we serve. Your 
support and confidence in our products and strategies motivate 
us to continuously strive for excellence.
Last but certainly not least, I offer my deepest appreciation to 
all our employees. Your remarkable resilience and adaptability 
in navigating the current environment while consistently 
delivering your best efforts are truly commendable.
To all of you who share and believe in our Purpose, Vision, Mission 
and Values, you are the cornerstone of our successes. Let us 
continue to collaborate, cooperate and engage meaningfully 
together to ensure that TEAM Sime Darby Property remains a 
driving force for collective progress, delivering sustainable value 
for people, businesses, economies and the planet.
DATO’ AZMIR MERICAN
Group Managing Director
We remain steadfast in 
ensuring that all 
employees, contractors 
and site workers comply 
with the set safety 
standards and 
regulations.
“
“
21Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 24 ----
Our Purpose
To be aValue MultiplierforPeople,
Businesses, Economiesand thePlanet.
Our Core Values
T
Together 
We Do 
What’s Right
E
We Lead 
with 
Excellence
A
We Embrace 
New 
Approaches
M
We Make
It
Happen
22
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 25 ----
Sime Darby Property (“the Group“) is Malaysia’s leading property 
developer with more than 50 years of experience in building 
sustainable communities. With over 100,000 homes across 25 active 
townships and developments under its belt, Sime Darby Property 
has a wide reach encompassing assets and operations across the 
country. We made our presence in the United Kingdom through our 
involvement as part of a Malaysian consortium that successfully 
redeveloped the iconic Battersea Power Station in Central London. 
Beyond Property Development, Sime Darby Property has a strong 
footing in the industrial and logistics sector at Bandar Bukit Raja, 
Elmina Business Park, and Serenia City in Selangor; Nilai Impian and 
Hamilton Nilai City in Negeri Sembilan; and Bandar Universiti Pagoh 
in Johor. Our strategic partnerships with various global players such 
as LOGOS SE Asia Pte Ltd (“LOGOS Property”), Mitsui & Co Ltd 
(“Mitsui”) and Mitsubishi Estate Co Ltd (“Mitsubishi Estate”), have 
resulted in the establishment of a few noteworthy industrial and 
logistics facilities, including the E-Metro Logistics Park in Bandar 
Bukit Raja. Within its Leisure arm, Sime Darby Property is the proud 
owner of the Kuala Lumpur Golf & Country Club, one of the region’s 
most prestigious golf clubs.
As a responsible corporate player, Sime Darby Property and its 
philanthropic arm, Yayasan Sime Darby (“YSD”) actively implement 
various social welfare initiatives to assist underprivileged 
communities living within and nearby its townships. 
As at December 2023, the Group has approximately 14,800 acres 
of land bank, most of which are located strategically on the west 
coast of Peninsular Malaysia. Within its Investment & Asset 
Management business, the Group operates approximately 7.7 million 
sq. ft. of net lettable area across commercial, retail, hospitality, 
education and industrial segments.
Who We Are
Our Presence
Our Vision
Advancing real 
estate as a force for 
collective progress, 
in harmony with the
planet’s resources..
Our Mission
To develop, own and 
manage a thriving 
asset portfolio, 
creating value for 
all stakeholders.
UNITED KINGDOM
Battersea Power Station, 
Central London
MALAYSIA
RM3.3
TOTAL SALES
billion
as at 31 December 2023
RM15.9billion
TOTAL ASSETS
as at 31 December 2023
MARKET  
CAPITALISATION
RM4.3 billion
as at 31 December 2023
23Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 26 ----
Business Highlights
Sales Achievement of 
RM3.3
BILLION
Exceeded Sales Target 
of RM2.7 billion
Delivery of Completed Units: 
3,440 
UNITS
(2022: 1,855 units)
Number of Units Sold:
3,070
UNITS
(2022: 3,332 units)
Sime Darby Property 
recognised as world’s best 
with gold and silver wins 
at the FIABCI 
World Prix 
d’Excellence 
Awards 2023 
Ventured into 
affordable 
homes segment 
through “Seed 
Homes”
 with Lagenda Properties
Announced the 
implementation of 
solar solutions 
for townshipsin 
support of the National 
Energy Transition 
Roadmap 
Financial Highlights
Profit After Tax and 
Minority Interest
RM407.9
MILLION
(2022: RM315.8 million)
Revenue
RM3,436.9
MILLION
(2022: RM2,742.1 million)
Operating Profit 
RM606.4
MILLION
(2022: RM436.2 million)
Total Equity
RM10,283.5 
MILLION
(2022: RM9,644.8 million)
Net Gearing Ratio
22.7%
(2022: 21.8%)
Gross Gearing Ratio
28.6%
(2022: 32.0%)
Dividend Declared
RM170.0 MILLION
2.5 Sen Per Share;
41.7% Payout Ratio
(FY2022: 2.0 sen per share; 43.1% payout ratio)
24
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Attractive Investment Proposition

---- Page 27 ----
Profit Before Tax
RM610.3 
MILLION
(2022: RM458.9 million)
Cash Position
RM602.6 
MILLION
(2022: RM985.3 million)
Sustainability Highlights
74,072 
hours
of learning and training 
recorded
Lost Time Injury 
Frequency Rate: 
0.57%
25 community 
programmes and 
initiatives benefitting 
more than 
5,000 
people
A constituent of 
MSCI ACWI 
SMALL
CAP INDEXand received 
MSCI ESG 
RATINGof BBB
44% 
women
representation in the 
workforce
3.8% 
reduction
from Total Operational 
Carbon Emissions 
compared to FY2022
26,085
Endangered, Rare 
& Threatened (“ERT”) 
species of trees
planted since 2011
36% 
female
Board members
Announced Sime Darby 
Property’s pledge to 
achieve 
Net Zero 
carbon 
emissions 
by 2050
25%of waste diverted from landfill
Net Assets per Share 
Attributable to Owners 
of the Company
RM1.48
(2022: RM1.40)
Sime Darby Property’s Sukuk 
Musharakah Programme Accorded
AA+IS Rating
by MARC Ratings Berhad
25Integrated Report 2023
Rated B in the CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project)

---- Page 28 ----
Awards & Recognitions
FIABCI World Prix d’Excellence Awards 2023
• World Gold (Master Plan Category) 
– City of Elmina
• World Silver (Residential Mid-Rise Category) 
– Cantara Residences
Malaysia Property Awards 2022 
(FIABCI Malaysian Chapter)
• Mid-Rise Category – Cantara Residences
• Master Plan Category – City of Elmina
The Edge Malaysia Property Excellence Awards 2023
• The Edge Malaysia Top Property Developers 
Award – Ranked 3rd
PropertyGuru Asia Awards Malaysia 2023
• People’s Choice Award
Malaysia Developer Awards 2023
• Top-of-the-Chart Awards (Top 10 for Market 
Capitalisation of RM1 billion and above)
• Best in Qualitative (RM1 Billion Market Cap 
and Above) – Ranked 1st
PC.com Awards 2023
• Best Product of The Year Award 
– Best Smart Home and Township Developer
StarProperty Awards 2023 
– Real Estate Developer
• All-Star Award (Ranked 1st)
Putra Brand Awards 
– The People’s Choice Awards 2023
• Platinum Award (Property Development 
Category) – 13th year running
BCI Asia Awards 2023
• BCI Asia Top 10 Developers (Malaysia) Award
26
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 29 ----
Our Competitive Advantage
Indices Representation & Credit Ratings
Our positive and resilient 
financial position is driven 
by a solid financial base, 
sufficient cash flow, and a 
healthy net gearing ratio.
Resilient 
financial position Our reputation and experience 
as the nation’s leading master 
developer have enabled us to 
create strategic, sustainable 
townships and communities for 
more than half a century. 
Over 50 years 
of experience
We have 25 active townships 
in the Klang Valley, Negeri 
Sembilan and Johor, with 
more than RM100 billion in 
remaining GDV alongside our 
iconic Battersea Power  
Station development in 
Central London.
Strategic 
development regions 
Our Purpose is to be 
a Value Multiplier for 
People, Businesses, 
Economies and the 
Planet.
Strong 
Purpose 
We are committed in supporting 
and advancing the Sustainability 
Agenda through various  
conservation, urban biodiversity, 
and energy efficient initiatives.
A leading voice in 
sustainability & biodiversity
Our product portfolio includes 
residential, commercial, and 
industrial properties, as well as 
integrated developments  
coupled with green spaces and 
other amenities.
Diversified 
product offerings 
27Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 30 ----
PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT
As a master builder with over 50 years of 
experience in developing sustainable communities, 
we have demonstrated a proficiency in project 
execution through quality products and 
developments. Our expertise in the Property 
Development segment ranges from landed to 
high-rise properties, encompassing affordable to 
high-end homes, as well as commercial, industrial 
and logistics, in addition to niche developments.
Some of our most notable and iconic townships 
in Malaysia include Melawati, Subang Jaya, Ara 
Damansara and Bukit Jelutong, as well as several 
newer and ongoing developments in the Klang 
Valley, Negeri Sembilan and Johor. These include 
the City of Elmina, Putra Heights, Serenia City, 
Bandar Bukit Raja, KLGCC Resort, Nilai Impian, 
Hamilton Nilai City, Bandar Ainsdale and Bandar 
Universiti Pagoh.
SEGMENT REVENUE 
RM3.2
billion
TOTAL SALES 
RM3.3 
billion
NO. OF UNITS SOLD 3,070
INVESTMENT & ASSET MANAGEMENT
Our Investment & Asset Management segment comprises retail, commercial/office and 
industrial assets located within the Klang Valley and the United Kingdom, where we 
were part of an international consortium of Malaysian corporations which successfully 
redeveloped and rejuvenated the iconic Battersea Power Station in Central London. 
This segment also includes the Concession Arrangement business that provides asset 
management services, including facilities and infrastructure management for campuses 
in the Pagoh Education Hub in Bandar Universiti Pagoh.
Through SDPLOG, a joint venture with global logistics property player LOGOS Property, 
we successfully commenced construction for the venture’s first development, the 
E-Metro Logistics Park in Bandar Bukit Raja, promising to deliver integrated solutions 
with world-class facilities for its stakeholders and investors once fully completed.
TOTAL NUMBER OF ASSETS 
OWNED/MANAGED
TOTAL NET LETTABLE AREA
~7.7 MILLION SQ. FT.32
The Leisure segment of our business manages Malaysia’s premier golf and country club, 
the iconic Kuala Lumpur Golf & Country Club (“KLGCC”). The world-class club features 
a 36-hole tournament standard course strategically located in the pristine area of Bukit 
Kiara, Kuala Lumpur. A consistent venue for high-profile golf tournaments, KLGCC plays 
host to the prestigious LPGA-sanctioned Maybank Championship. Besides KLGCC, the 
segment also manages the Impian Golf & Country Club (“IGCC”) in Kajang; the Sime 
Darby Convention Centre (“SDCC”), an esteemed venue for meetings, conferences, 
events and exhibitions; and the Bayuemas Sports and Events Complex, which features 
a cricket field that plays host to both local and international games. 
KLGCC VOTED AS 
TOP 100 
GOLF COURSE IN ASIA (NO.24) 
(WEST COURSE)
KLGCC IS THE FIRST 
AND ONLY CERTIFIED
AUDUBON COOPERATIVE 
SANCTUARY IN MALAYSIA
LEISURE
28
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
W h a t  W e  D o :  C o r e  B u s i n e s s  S e g m e n t s

---- Page 31 ----
 City of Elmina, Shah Alam
 • Denai Alam
 • Elmina Business Park
 • Elmina East
 • Elmina West
 Bukit Jelutong, Shah Alam
 Bandar Bukit Raja, Klang
 Serenia City, Sepang
 Hamilton Nilai City, Nilai
 Nilai Impian, Nilai
 Bandar Ainsdale, Seremban
 Bandar Universiti Pagoh, 
Muar
 Taman Pasir Putih, Pasir 
Gudang
Township Developments
 Ara Damansara, Petaling Jaya
 • Cantara Residences
 • Maya Ara Residences
 • TRiARA Residences
 KL East, Kuala Lumpur
 • East 57
 • The Ridge
 Melawati, Ampang Jaya
 • Park One
 • Melawati Corporate Centre
 •  Serini
 Saujana Impian, Kajang
 USJ Heights, Subang Jaya
 Putra Heights, Subang Jaya
 • The Serenade
 • Serasi Residences
 SJ7, Subang Jaya
 • Hype Residences
 Subang Jaya City Centre, 
 Subang Jaya
 • Aurora
 • Lot 15
 • Teja Residences
Integrated Developments
Signature/Niche Developments
 KLGCC Resort, Kuala Lumpur
 • Jendela Residences
 • Senada Residences
 Chemara Hills, Seremban
  Planters Haven, Nilai
  PJ Midtown, Petaling Jaya
  Radia, Bukit Jelutong
Joint Venture Developments
25* 
Township, Integrated and 
Signature/Niche 
Developments 
Approximately 
14,800 
Acres of Available Land Bank
RM115 
Billion  
Total Estimated Gross 
Development Value ("GDV")
* including JV developments
29Integrated Report 2023
Our Distinctive Developments

---- Page 32 ----
MALAYSIA: WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES
Harvard Golf Resort (Jerai) Berhad
Harvard Hotel (Jerai) Sdn Bhd
Impian Golf Resort Berhad
Kuala Lumpur Golf & Country Club Berhad
MVV Holdings Sdn Bhd
Seed Homes Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Ainsdale) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Ampar Tenang) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Ara Damansara) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Asset I) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (BBR Asset I) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (BBR Asset II) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (BBR Asset III) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (BBR Asset IV) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Bukit Jelutong) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Bukit Raja) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Bukit Subang) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Bukit Tunku) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (BUP Asset I) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Chemara) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (City of Elmina) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Convention Centre) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (EBP Asset I) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Elmina East Asset I) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Elmina East Asset II) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Elmina Lakeside Mall Power)
Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Elmina Lakeside Mall) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Glades) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Golfhome) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Golftek) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Ironwood) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (KL East) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Klang) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (KLGCC Resort) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Lagong) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Lembah Acob) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Lukut) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (MVV Central) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Nilai Realty) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Nilai) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Pagoh) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Sabah) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Saujana Impian) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Selangor) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Senada Mall Power) Sdn Bhd *
Sime Darby Property (Serenia City) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (SJ7) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Subang) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Sungai Kapar) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Utara) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property Holdings Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property Management Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property Oasis (Holding) Sdn Bhd (formerly 
known as Sime Darby Brunsfield Holding Sdn Bhd) Group
Sime Darby Property Selatan (Holding) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property Solar Energy (Holding) Sdn Bhd *
Sime Darby Property Urus Harta Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property Ventures (MY) Sdn Bhd
Sime Darby Property (Rooftop Solar Solutions) Sdn Bhd *
30
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Group Corporate Structure
– Operating Entities

---- Page 33 ----
MALAYSIA: NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES
  Sime Darby Nilai Utama Sdn Bhd
  Sime Darby Property Selatan Sdn Bhd Group
MALAYSIA: JOINT VENTURES
  PJ Midtown Development Sdn Bhd
  Seed Homes Lagenda Sdn Bhd *
  Sime Darby Property CapitaLand (Melawati Mall) 
Sdn Bhd 
  Sime Darby Property MIT Development Sdn Bhd Group
  Sime Darby Property Sunrise Development Sdn Bhd
MALAYSIA: ASSOCIATE
  Shaw Brothers (M) Sdn Bhd
FOREIGN: WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES
  Sime Darby Property (Capital Holdings) Pte Ltd
  Sime Darby Property (Hong Kong) Limited
  Sime Darby Property (London) Limited 
  Sime Darby Property (Vietnam) Pte Ltd
  Sime Darby Property Singapore Limited Group
FOREIGN: JOINT VENTURES
  Aster Real Estate Investment Trust I 
  Battersea Power Station Development Company 
Limited Group
  Battersea Power Station Estates Limited 
  Battersea Project Holding Company Limited Group
  SDPLOG – IDF 1 (JV Holdings) Pte Ltd
  Sime Darby Property – LOGOS Property Industrial 
Development Fund 1 LP Group 
Note:
For full list of entities as at 31 December 2023, please refer to page 372 to 381, Note 44 List of Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures  and Associates. 
* Company incorporated after 31 December 2023
31Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 34 ----
March
• The KL East Park officially opens its 
doors to visitors, cementing our efforts 
to improve urban biodiversity within 
our townships.
• Serasi Residences, the Group’s latest 
Transit Oriented Development, achieves 
a landmark 100% take up-rate for all 
507 units through the Online Booking 
System (“OBS”).
February
• Sime Darby Property garners two major 
wins in the Master Plan and Residential 
Mid-Rise categories at the FIABCI Malaysia 
Property Awards 2022.
• Sime Darby Property is crowned 
as world’s best with gold and 
silver wins at the FIABCI World 
Prix d’Excellence Awards 2023 
in Florida, USA.
• SDPLOG, the joint venture between Sime 
Darby Property and LOGOS Property, 
signs J&T as its first tenant for Metrohub 
2, the first industrial & logistic facility 
developed under SDPLOG’s inaugural 
Industrial Development Fund located 
within the E-Metro Logistics Park in 
Bandar Bukit Raja.
• The Group bags a leading 13 wins at the 
Malaysia Landscape Architecture Awards, 
which honours excellence and ambition 
in various facets of the landscape 
architecture industry.
May
June
32
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
2023 Significant Events

---- Page 35 ----
• Sime Darby Property announces 
the implementation of solar 
solutions at its townships in 
support of the Government’s 
National Energy Transition 
Roadmap (“NETR”) initiative 
to achieve 70% renewable 
energy capacity by 2050.
• The Group announces that its 
Sukuk Musharakah was  
oversubscribed by more than 
eight times, with orders 
breaching the RM4.8 billion 
mark and outpacing the initial 
target of RM600 million.
• The Group’s Sukuk Musharakah Programme is accorded AA+ IS rating by MARC 
Ratings Berhad for the third consecutive year.
• Sime Darby Property and 
Maybank announce  
partnership to offer instant 
home financing approval and 
competitive financing rates 
to homebuyers.
• Battersea Power Station 
welcomes over 11 million 
visitors in 2023 in its first 12 
months since opening its 
doors to the public on 14 
October 2022.
• Sime Darby Property announces 
pledge to achieve Net Zero 
carbon emissions across its 
operations and developments by 
2050.
November
December
• Cantara Residences in Ara 
Damansara receives a Gold 
Rating in the Residential New 
Construction category by the 
Green Building Index (“GBI”) 
Accreditation Panel.
July
October
• The Bandar Bukit Raja Townpark is recognised by the Malaysia Book of Records 
with three accolades: Largest Recreational Park with Renewable Energy, Largest 
Crown Structure and Biggest Solar-Powered Signage.
September
 • Sime Darby Property solidifies 
its commitment to renewable 
energy by collaborating with 
Tenaga Nasional Berhad through 
a Memorandum of Understanding 
to explore and develop  
sustainable energy initiatives in 
support of NETR. 
August
33Integrated Report 2023
• Sime Darby Property is once 
again ranked a Top 10 Property 
Developer at The Edge Malaysia 
Top Property Developers Awards 
2023, with other notable wins 
including Outstanding Property 
CEO Award for Group Managing 
Director, Dato’ Azmir Merican; 
and Outstanding Contribution 
to the Real Estate Industry Award 
for our Senior Independent Non-
Executive Director, Dato’ Soam 
Heng Choon.

---- Page 36 ----
To achieve our Purpose to be a Value Multiplier for People, Businesses, Economies and the 
Planet, we need to ensure a robust business model and that our strategy is both responsive 
and progressive. This requires an integrated approach to value creation that takes into account 
the risks and opportunities presented by our operating environment, the needs of our 
stakeholders, as well as our own aspirations.
We are guided by our four key imperatives to foster resilient communities.
Championing 
Energy Transition 
and Low Carbon 
in Real Estate
Enhancing Urban 
Biodiversity
Creating Positive 
Community 
Experiences
Building Climate 
Adaptive 
Communities
BRINGING OUR SUSTAINABILITY AGENDA TO LIFE
Our performance and ability to create value is influenced by the macroenvironment, particularly economic, regulatory, 
social, environmental and competitive dynamics. Subsequently, we continuously monitor our operating context and 
identify trends that could affect us.
ASSESS OUR OPERATING CONTEXT
We identify and are aware of operational, financial, regulatory, market, digital and sustainability risks that could impact 
our businesses, and integrate them into our risk register. These risks are monitored and managed to ensure they remain 
within our risk appetite and therefore, enabling a smoother execution and attainment of our corporate objectives.
IDENTIFY AND MANAGE RISKS
Each of our key stakeholder groups – namely our shareholders, investors, employees and the community – contributes 
to our sustainable growth. Recognising their importance, we build strong relationships with them, engage to understand 
their needs and expectations, and incorporate these into our strategies.
FACTOR IN STAKEHOLDER NEEDS
Taking into account our macroenvironment, risks, and the needs of our stakeholders, we define our material matters 
which are important to value creation for Sime Darby Property and our stakeholders.
DEFINE OUR MATERIAL MATTERS
34
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Our Approach to Value Creation

---- Page 37 ----
Our six capitals represent the resources that we have and use to drive our business and create value. Effective management 
and access to these six capitals are critical to managing every aspect of the business.
TAKE STOCK OF OUR CAPITALS
Consolidating our risks and opportunities, our material matters and capitals, we outlined our SHIFT25 Strategy to 
transform Sime Darby Property from a pure-play property developer to one of Malaysia’s leading and most admired real 
estate players by 2025 with diversified income streams.
PLAN OUR STRATEGY
OUR INTEGRATED BUSINESS MODEL
Property
Development
LeisureInvestment 
& Asset 
Management
BUSINESS 
ACTIVITIES
Through our business model, we develop, 
own and manage a thriving asset portfolio 
that creates value for all stakeholders.
Leveraging upon our expertise and 
extensive land holdings, we focus on our 
core business in Property Development, 
Investment & Asset Management, and 
Leisure. Our approach is underpinned by 
robust governance, aimed at fulfilling both 
customer and market demand. In being a 
‘Force for Good’, we are committed to the 
enviromental preservation and urban 
biodiversity conservation while striving to 
generate value for all stakeholders.
35Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 38 ----
PURPOSE
To be a Value Multiplier
for People, Businesses, 
Economies and the Planet
VISION
Advancing real estate as a force for 
collective progress, in harmony with the 
planet’s resources
INPUTS
GLOBAL MEGATRENDS
• Identifying Regional and National Trends
• Addressing the Need for Sustainable Urban Planning
• Recognising Evolving Societal Expectations
• Embracing Tools That Enhance Sustainability, Efficiency and the 
Customer Experience
• Tackling Heightened Stakeholder Expectations
KEY RISKS
• Market Risk
• Development and 
Product Strategy
• Project Development 
and Execution
• Safety and Health
• Cybersecurity
• Joint Ventures, 
Collaborations and 
Strategic Partnerships
• Talent and Resource 
Management
• Legal/Regulatory 
and Contractual 
Compliance
• Competition
• Climate Risk
• Supply Chain and Its 
Related Human Rights 
Risk
KEY MATERIAL MATTERS
Economic
– Innovation
Environment
– Energy and Carbon Management
– Urban Biodiversity
– Circularity
– Water Management
– Climate Adaptation
... ENABLE VALUE-ADDING ACTIVITIES THAT CREATE...
KEYSTRATEGIC
PRIORITIES
AchieveCost&Operational Efficiencies
ImproveOrganisational Effectiveness
K
E
S
A
c
h
i
e
v
e
C
o
s
t
&
O
p
e
r
a
t
i
o
n
a
l
I
m
p
r
o
v
o
o
 e
O
r
g
r
r
 a
n
i
s
a
t
i
o
n
a
l
 E
f
f
f
f
 e
f
 c
t
i
v
e
v
 n
Property
Development
Investment 
& Asset 
Management 
BUSINESS 
ACTIVITIES
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
  Owns approximately 14,800 acres of available land bank in 
strategic locations with good connectivity
25 active townships and integrated developments
32 total number of assets owned/managed
4 leisure assets
FINANCIAL CAPITAL
  Prudent in protecting the Group’s financial position through 
optimal liquidity management and efficient capital structure
Shareholders’ fund of RM10.1 billion
Cash balances of RM602.6 million 
Total debt of RM2.9 billion
HUMAN CAPITAL
1,520 total number of employees across the organisation
662 female employees (44%) in the workforce
858 male employees (56%) in the workforce
RM3.5 million invested in Learning & Development 
programmes
A culture that is client-driven, people-centred, innovative 
& competitive
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
Number of volunteers in 2023: 778 volunteers
Total number of registered vendors: 2,959 vendors (as at 
31 December 2023)
Empowerment of local communities
Embracing sustainable development as well as responsible 
ESG practices
Responsible corporate citizenship
High integrity, trust and transparent communication with our 
key stakeholders
Strong brand and presence – a reputable ethical brand and 
trusted brand
NATURAL CAPITAL
Announced our pledge to reduce Net Zero carbon emissions
by 2050
The KL East Park is home to rare, endemic species and 
beautiful geological formations, and is central for our 
biodiversity conservation efforts
Encouraging the use of renewable energy, water-efficient 
fittings and energy-efficient equipment
Preserving the environment through conservation efforts
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Introduced Robotic Process Automation (“RPA”) for our 
Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) system
Integrated both our ERP and e-Procurement systems for 
seamless payment processing
Integrated our Online Booking System (“OBS”) with 
Maybank’s Home2u financing platform
Supported by strong governance and effective Board leadership
GOVERNANCE
OUR CAPITALS...
Social
– Occupational Health and Safety
– Community Experience
– Diversity and Inclusion
– Labour Standards and Practices
– Responsible Supply Chain Management
Governance
– Data and Cybersecurity
– Anti–Bribery and Corruption
36
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Our Value Creating 
Business Model

---- Page 39 ----
OUTCOMES
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
3,440 units completed over 25 phases
RM4.0 billion of GDV launched
Total unbilled property sales of RM3.6 billion
Achieved sales of RM3.3 billion (2022: RM3.7 billion)
FINANCIAL CAPITAL
Revenue of RM3,436.9 million (2022: RM2,742.1 million)
PATAMI of RM407.9 million (2022: RM315.8 million)
41.7% dividend payout ratio (2022: 43.1%)
Net gearing ratio of 22.7% (2022: 21.8%)
HUMAN CAPITAL
Conducted 4,217 learning programmes
74,072 total learning hours in 2023 (2022: 101,661.09)
36% female representation at the board, and 40% of women in 
C-suite positions
Employees’ salaries & benefits: RM267.7 million
SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
Approximately RM12 million worth of charitable contributions made 
benefitting close to 45,000 beneficiaries (2022: RM21.8 million)
Contributed 2,941 hours to the community (2022: 2,219.5 hours)
More than 5,000 beneficiaries benefited from 25 community programmes 
and initiatives (2022: 7,000 beneficiaries | 34 community programmes)
More than 50 organisations supported through donations and sponsorships 
in 2023
RM192.8 million tax to the Government
Customer Net Promoter Score of 70%
RM97.8 million gained in Public Relations (“PR”) value
NATURAL CAPITAL
649 tCO2-e in Operational carbon emissions reduction (2022: 489 tCO2-e)
25% of waste diverted from landfill
26,085 Endangered, Rare & Threatened (“ERT”) trees planted in 2023 
(2022: 24,560)
143,679 trees planted across our townships and development since 2011 
(2022: 125,161)
162 bird species from 52 families recorded, including 16 threatened species
3,764 energy-efficient homes built, equipped with water-efficient fittings
Reduction of 32.76% in 2023 of waste generated against the 2020 
baseline year
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Achieved a QLASSIC Score of 82%
Seamless payment processing via the integration our ERP and eProcurement 
systems
MISSION
To develop, own and manage a 
thriving asset portfolio that creates 
value for all stakeholders
Together We Do 
What’s Right
T
We Lead with 
Excellence
E
We Make things 
Happen
M
We Embrace 
New Approaches
AVALUES
OUTPUTS
Our End Products
 Waste and Emissions
... VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS
LaunchNewGrowthAreas
EmbarkonDigitalTransformation
ExpandingRecurringIncomePortfolio
L
a
u
n
c
h
N
e
w
G
r
o
w
t
h
A
r
e
a
s
E
m
b
a
r
k
o
n
D
i
g
i
t
a
l
T
r
T
T
a
n
s
f
o
f
f
 r
m
a
t
i
o
n
E
x
p
a
n
d
i
i
I
n
c
o
m
e
P
o
P
r
t
r
r
f
o
f
f
l
i
o
Leisure
Township & Integrated 
Development
Investment & Asset 
Management
Leisure Operations
Active Land Bank 
Management
Robust Capital 
Management
Strong Financial 
Discipline
Sustainable Talent & 
Performance 
Management
Effective Governance
Corporate 
Sustainability Strategy
Sustainable 
Procurement
Product & Digital 
Innovation
Total GHG emissions of 
16,387 tCO2-e (2022: 
17,036 tCO2-e)
14,402.01 tonnes of 
waste generated from 
internal operations in 
2023
37Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 40 ----
MANUFACTURED CAPITAL
DEFINITION OF CAPITAL
Our land bank and property products under management that provide a sustained source of long-term revenue 
generation.
INPUTS
• Approximately 14,800 acres of land bank owned.
• 25 active townships and integrated developments.
• 32 assets owned/managed.
• 4 leisure assets.
OUTPUTS / OUTCOMES
2023 2022
Delivery of completed 
units 3,440 1,855
GDV of new launches RM4.0 billion RM2.6 billion
Total sales achieved RM3.3 billion RM3.7 billion
Total unbilled sales RM3.6 billion RM3.6 billion
ACTION TO ENHANCE OUTCOMES
•  Conducted a comprehensive assessment and re-
strategised new launch plans in response to 
evolving market conditions.
•  Acquired new land for business expansion and 
future income generation.
• Transformed complementary businesses to add 
value to core property development business.
• Completed the first phase of homes designed to 
accommodate multi-generational living with 
senior-friendly, age-in-place features.
Our six capitals, encompassing financial, manufactured, intellectual, human, natural, 
and social and relationship capital, serve as the cornerstone of our business growth and 
operational excellence. Recognising their significance and interconnectedness enables 
us to make informed decisions, balancing trade-offs to enhance each capital’s value 
and foster sustainable long-term value for the Group and our stakeholders.
TRADE-OFFS
Land acquisition for future developments and the 
transformation of complementary business necessitates short-
term financial capital. However, in the long term, these 
initiatives will drive overall organisational growth and enhance 
financial stability. While the development of our land bank 
may have negative implications for natural capital, these can 
be mitigated by leveraging human capital and intellectual 
capital.
38
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Performance by Capitals

---- Page 41 ----
 FINANCIAL CAPITAL
DEFINITION OF CAPITAL
Income generated from our core and recurring business segments, combined with strategic planning, monetisation, 
and fundraising initiatives, strengthens our cash flow position which enables the Group to capitalise on opportunities 
and new value propositions.
INPUTS
• Shareholders’ fund of RM10.1 billion 
• Total Equity of RM10.3 billion
• Cash balances of RM602.6 million 
• Total debt of RM2.9 billion 
• Prudent safeguarding of the Group’s financial 
position through optimal liquidity management and 
an efficient capital structure.
ACTION TO ENHANCE OUTCOMES
• Continued to offer a diversified product mix of 
industrial and residential products.
• Planned market-driven launches that address 
fluctuating market preferences and changing 
demographics.
• Promoted aggressively via data-driven and 
omnichannel customer-focused marketing 
campaigns.
• Managed inventory prudently to minimise unsold 
inventories.
• Monetised non-core land and low-yielding assets 
as part of active land bank management strategy.
• Focused on income diversification strategy that 
unlocks synergies between our business segments 
and supports our recurring income objectives.
• Preserved a healthy balance sheet through 
effective capital, cashflow and cost management.
• Secured adequate funding lines, including the 
activation of SRI Sustainability Sukuk Musharakah, 
to finance projects aligned with Sime Darby 
Property’s 2030 Sustainability Goals.
OUTPUTS / OUTCOMES
2023 2022
Revenue RM3,436.9 
million
RM2,742.1 
million
Profit Before Tax RM610.3 
million
RM458.9 
million
PATAMI RM407.9 
million
RM315.8 
million
Dividend declared
RM170.0 
million 
(2.5 sen) 
RM136.0 
million  
(2.0 sen)
Dividend payout ratio 41.7% 43.1%
Net gearing ratio 22.7% 21.8%
TRADE-OFFS
Strengthening financial capital through measures like cost 
rationalisation may come at the expense of human capital 
and natural capital. Other strategies to bolster financial 
capital may require additional borrowings, which could 
elevate the gearing level. However, these steps are essential 
for achieving sustainable returns in the medium to long term.
39Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 42 ----
HUMAN CAPITAL
DEFINITION OF CAPITAL
The skills, capabilities and diversity of our employees are instrumental in driving our SHIFT25 strategy, ensuring 
the future resilience of Sime Darby Property as we pursue our strategic priorities and achieve positive business 
outcomes.
INPUTS
• 4,217 learning programmes organised in 2023, with 
86% dedicated to functional, technical and 
sustainability programmes to support our 2023 
objectives for a more skilled and capable workforce.
• RM3.5 million invested in learning & development 
programmes.
ACTION TO ENHANCE OUTCOMES
• Increased the number of face-to-face programmes 
in response to employee feedback, while 
maintaining LinkedIn Learning as a supplementary 
support for employees’ learning needs. 
• Implemented our Quality, Health, Security, Safety 
and Environment (“QHSSE”) Policy together with 
HSSE Compliance Controls, HSSE Management 
Systems and Safety & Health Management Plans 
across our operations.
• Upheld an effective performance management, 
robust talent management and framework.
• Sustained inclusive and accessible employee 
engagement platforms to motivate performance, 
build competencies and deliver a positive 
employee experience.
• Empowered employees with continuously updated 
digital systems, ensuring better engagement and 
sharing of resources to facilitate heightened work 
efficiency. 
• Increased number of employee engagement 
activities to instil teamwork and collaboration 
while fostering a healthy and happy work 
environment.
TRADE-OFFS
Investments in growing and nurturing our employees are 
essential towards building a culture of high performance and 
leading with excellence and innovation. We also continuously 
invest in our talent retention initiatives through employee 
engagement and recognition programmes. As our business is 
on a growing trajectory towards delivering our SHIFT25 
strategy, attracting and onboarding the right talent is key in 
driving and sustaining our business. These initiatives reduce 
our financial capital in the short term but enhance our financial 
and social capitals in the longer term as more engaged and 
competent talents will increase our productivity and strengthen 
our stakeholder relationships.
OUTPUTS / OUTCOMES
2023 2022
Average training days 
per employee 6.09 days 8.72 days
Total training hours 74,072 hours 101,662 hours
Percentage of women in 
the workforce 44% 44%
Percentage of women in 
the Board 36% 30%
Percentage of women in 
C-suite positions 40% 36%
40
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Performance by Capitals

---- Page 43 ----
 SOCIAL & RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL
DEFINITION OF CAPITAL
Sime Darby Property’s community enrichment initiatives are not solely altruistic; they represent a collaborative 
partnership that yields mutual long term benefits. The goodwill we cultivate fosters trust and enhances our brand’s 
credibility, resulting in a win-win scenario for all involved parties.
INPUTS
• 778 volunteers rallied during 2023.
• Empowerment of local communities.
• Responsible corporate citizenship.
ACTION TO ENHANCE OUTCOMES
•  Continued to actively engage in various community 
development programmes, donating resources 
and supporting initiatives that empower 
underprivileged communities.
•  Continued to manage our dedicated employee 
volunteers through a comprehensive programme, 
delivering impactful activities that contributed to 
Target No. 7 of the Group’s 2030 Sustainability 
Goals, which is to achieve 10,000 volunteer hours 
by 2030.
TRADE-OFFS
While we utilise Financial Capital to invest in open 
communication with communities, these initiatives strengthen 
our social license to operate, building trust and enabling the 
ongoing development of sustainable infrastructure that 
benefits all stakeholders, enhancing our Manufactured Capital. 
Similarly, the costs incurred and employee efforts exerted in 
collaborating with stakeholders on community and 
environmental initiatives are balanced by both Natural Capital 
and Human Capital benefits driven by more efficient processes, 
reduced environmental impact and a shared sense of 
ownership.
OUTPUT/OUTCOMES
2023 2022
Number of CSR 
initiatives 25 34
Number of beneficiaries 
benefited from CSR 
initiatives
>5,000 >7,000
Number of volunteer 
hours 2,941 2,220
Total Amount of 
Donations, Sponsorships 
& Zakat
RM12.2 
million
RM23.1  
million
Total Amount of 
Community Investments
RM3.4  
million
RM8.1  
million
41Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 44 ----
NATURAL CAPITAL
DEFINITION OF CAPITAL
We aim to utilise land, water and energy efficiently and responsibly to preserve a thriving natural environment, which 
is essential for the well-being of both people and the planet.
INPUTS
• Our pledge to achieve Net Zero carbon 
emissions by 2050. 
• Embedding sustainability initiatives across 
our value chain to enhance responsible 
resource management and optimise 
environmental performance.
• Enhancement of urban biodiversity efforts 
to create green spaces such as KL East 
Park.
• Our use of renewable energy, water-
efficient fittings and energy-efficient 
equipment.
• Energy Consumption: *83,306 GJ
• Water Withdrawal: 985.996 ML
* This data has been externally assured. Please refer 
to the Independent Assurance Report on page 388 
to 391.
OUTPUTS / OUTCOMES
2023 2022
Operational carbon emission 
reduced 649 tCO2-e 489 tCO2-e
Waste diverted from landfill 25% 29%
Carbon sequestration
16,622 tCO2e- from planted trees 
across our developments
10,394 tCO2e- net removal until 
2030 from 53 acres of KL East Park
13,072 tCO2-e
Total number of trees 
planted since 2011 143,679 trees 125,161 trees
Endangered, Rare & 
Threatened (“ERT”) trees 
planted since 2011
26,085 trees 24,560 trees
Energy-efficient homes built 3,764 homes 5,560 homes
Carbon Disclosure Project 
rating B C
ACTION TO ENHANCE OUTCOMES
• Strengthened governance of sustainability matters with the establishment of Management 
Sustainability Committee and Board Sustainability Committee.
• Engaged constantly with stakeholders in the value chain, communicating the Group’s climate 
change direction and our expectations for vendors to start their ESG journeys.
• Raised employee awareness on sustainability through communication programmes. 
• Identified sustainability risks and opportunities in our enterprise risk framework.
• Enhanced the sustainability features of our homes by installing solar panels and water-saving 
fittings.
• Conducted biodiversity baselines for active townships.
• Maintained the Elmina Rainforest Knowledge Centre and Elmina Living Nursery Collection 
as ongoing urban biodiversity initiatives.
• Established embodied carbon baseline for double-storey link houses as part of Scope 3 study.
• Continued community engagement with NGOs to raise awareness on waste recycling.
• Announced the Group’s pledge of achieving Net Zero carbon emissions by 2050.
• Implemented 2023 Playbook of 14 sustainability metrics, featuring scorecards for increasing 
energy efficiency initiatives, reducing one tonne of tCO2-e for every phase in Design Review 
Meetings (“DRM”) through the use of alternative low carbon materials, and a checklist of 
Sustainability Elements.
• Assessed the Group’s urban biodiversity baseline for selected townships, with assessments 
conducted in accordance with the Sime Darby Property Biodiversity Index Manual.
• Improved biodiversity in township planning with our Tree-2-Tree (“T2T”) 2.0 initiative, under 
which every township is required to plan, implement and monitor tree replacement activities 
to achieve a 1:1 planting replacement ratio.
TRADE-OFFS
While the protection and 
conservation of the natural 
environment may deplete 
our financial capital, it is 
crucial for long-term  
business sustainability, as 
these efforts ultimately 
support the availability of 
suitable areas and locations 
for property development. 
Our proactive stance on 
environmental stewardship 
further enhances our market 
reputation, positively 
impacting our social and 
relationship capital and 
supporting the growth of 
our manufactured and 
financial capitals.
42
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Performance by Capitals

---- Page 45 ----
 INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
DEFINITION OF CAPITAL
We leverage new technologies and industry insights to improve our operational performance and strengthen customer 
relationships. This strategy enables us to operate with greater efficiency, adapt quickly to market dynamics and 
consistently deliver high-quality service.
INPUTS
• Incorporated Robotic Process Automation (“RPA”) 
within our Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) system.
• Integrated eProcurement system and ERP platform.
• Strategic integrations with major commercial banks. 
• Sophisticated management dashboards that deliver 
real-time insights into construction progress.
ACTION TO ENHANCE OUTCOMES
• Collaborated with more commercial banks to drive 
greater integration for seamless loan applications.
• Conducted a cybersecurity maturity assessment to 
ensure our security measures sufficiently protect 
our customers’ and other confidential data.
• Implemented targeted change management 
initiatives to facilitate a smooth transition to our 
upgraded digital processes, ensuring organisation-
wide support and minimal disruptions.
TRADE-OFFS
The implementation of our 2023 digital initiatives, such as the 
development of management dashboards and the adoption of 
automation, required financial capital investment in new 
technologies and processes. However, these efforts are focused 
on maximising long-term gains, paving the way for enhanced 
manufactured capital in the form of operational efficiencies 
and more informed decision-making. Despite the initial focus 
on reshaping internal structures, the resultant streamlined 
internal workflow systems and improved stakeholder 
engagement will ultimately bolster our Human and Social & 
Relationship Capitals. Simultaneously, our commitment to 
robust cybersecurity, while requiring continuous injection of 
financial capital, is essential in maintaining the integrity and 
trust of our digital infrastructure, further bolstering our Social 
& Relationship Capital and shaping a future where technology 
drives growth and adds value across our business landscape.
OUTPUTS / OUTCOMES
• Seamless payment processing via the integration our ERP 
and eProcurement systems.
• Convenient loan processing experience for homebuyers 
through the integration of our Online Booking System with 
Maybank’s Home2u financing platform.
• Achieved a QLASSIC score of 82% for 2023, compared to 
79% in 2022.
43Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 46 ----
CUSTOMERS
KEY CONCERNS RAISED RESPONSES/OUR APPROACH
Continuous engagement and effective 
resolution of any property-related 
issues that may arise.
• Regular meetings with management bodies and residents’ associations.
• Dedicated personnel for each township and development to serve as points 
of contact with the community.
• Quick-Fix programme to resolve issues faced by residents upon moving into 
their new homes.
Provision of community facilities that 
promote healthy and sustainable 
lifestyles.
• Implementing placemaking features such as jogging and bicycle tracks, as well 
as community parks, among others.
• Opened the KL East Park to the public, enabling visitors to enjoy a biodiverse 
park resplendent with thriving flora and fauna.
Frequency of Engagement
A  Annually  Q  Quarterly  M  Monthly  W  Weekly  D  Daily  O  Ongoing  OR  On Request  R  Regularly  P  Periodically
To comprehensively grasp the issues significant to our stakeholders, we engage our stakeholders 
regularly to better understand and respond to their concerns. These engagements foster stronger 
relationships and provide valuable insights into the diverse expectations of each stakeholder 
group. This enables us to accurately identify our material matters and align our strategies with 
stakeholder priorities, thereby maximising the value we generate for all parties with a vested 
interest in our business.
Our customers are our foremost stakeholders, and our success hinges on our ability to effectively 
cater to their needs.
ENGAGEMENT PURPOSE
(WHY WE ENGAGE)
CHANNEL & FREQUENCY OF 
ENGAGEMENT (HOW WE ENGAGE)
Engaging with both existing 
and potential customers is 
essential for understanding 
their needs and gaining insights 
into current and future market 
trends. By incorporating their 
input into our product designs, 
we can meet and exceed their 
expectations, ensuring 
sustained demand for our 
developments and homes.
O Online Booking System (“OBS”) platform
O Physical sales and marketing initiatives
O Website, call centre and social media channels
O High-5 and Quick-Fix initiatives (upon handover of keys) 
O Net Promoter Score (“NPS”) surveys
P Project launches
P PRIME member events
P Product launches and corporate events 
P Meetings with joint management bodies and residents’ associations
P   Community events that promote sustainability such as tree-planting, urban 
farming and recycling efforts
44
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Stakeholder Engagement & Value Creation 

---- Page 47 ----
CUSTOMERS (continued)
KEY CONCERNS RAISED RESPONSES/OUR APPROACH
Eco-efficient townships/homes and 
safe amenities.
•  Use of green label construction materials, such as Forest Stewardship Council 
(“FSC”) certified doors and timber flooring.
•  Enabled homebuyers the option to install solar panels and water-saving fittings 
in their units.
•  Tree-to-Tree replacement policy, with emphasis on planting endangered, rare 
and threatened (“ERT”) species.
HOW WE MEASURE VALUE
• Monitoring the trend of positive or negative feedback gained from customers.
• Benchmarking against KPIs such as Net Promoter Score.
• Tracking customer footfall and their participation in our placemaking activities.
• Total number of bookings.
VALUE CREATED FOR STAKEHOLDER VALUE CREATED FOR THE ORGANISATION
• Safe and sustainable products that meet their lifestyle 
aspirations.
• Facilities and amenities that support a thriving community.
• Provision of a high level of service and quality.
• Continuous and sustainable demand for our projects and 
new products.
• Heightened recognition as a trusted and reliable 
developer.
• Unlocking greater collaboration with customers in 
fostering sustainable communities.
RISKS OPPORTUNITIES
• Failure to keep up with changing market expectations 
and evolving demographic trends may place our business 
at risk of becoming irrelevant.
• Catering to current and future trends helps to maintain 
our market share and leadership.
• The incorporation of elements that promote sustainability 
will influence communities to adopt sustainable 
lifestyles.
BUSINESS INITIATIVES VALUE CREATION INDICATORS
• Consistent promotion of the PRIME membership to 
enhance exposure of new deals and product launches.
• Established a strategic partnership with Maybank to offer 
a seamless home financing experience through the Online 
Booking System (“OBS”) for potential homebuyers.
• Conduct regular engagements with both our potential and 
existing customers through project launches, community 
events, forums and customer satisfaction surveys.
• Net promoter score.
• Volume of customer complaints.
• Number of available touchpoints.
45Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 48 ----
KEY CONCERNS RAISED RESPONSES/OUR APPROACH
Fair and competitive career 
promotion opportunities.
• Provide training and project assignments that enhance employees’ skills in line 
with business goals.
• Establish an internal mobility framework.
Employee well-being and wellness. • Continue to utilise the Jalinan Nurani platform to assist employees and their 
family members with mental or physical health concerns.
• Provide monetary relief in the event of calamity.
• Organise employee well-being programmes and webinars on topics such as 
healthy eating habits, taking the right supplements, battling burnout and 
reducing the risk of breast cancer, among others.
• Introduce Group-wide sports events to promote an active lifestyle and healthy 
competition.
Preserving a healthy work-life 
balance.
• Introduce flexible work arrangements for all employees.
Better understanding of 
sustainability issues and how 
employees can add value.
• Introduce flexible work arrangements for all employees.
• Educate employees about sustainability using internal channels.
• Involve employees in sustainability-related programmes, such as Sustainability Day.
• Roll-out of e-learning platforms on sustainability topics for all employees.
HOW WE MEASURE VALUE
• Promotion and transfer rates.
• Employee engagement scores (Employee Wellness/Health/Safety Dimension).
• Employee engagement scores (Work/Life Balance Dimension).
EMPLOYEES
Our employees serve as the backbone of our organisation, contributing their skills, dedication and 
commitment towards achieving the Group’s strategic objectives and ambitions.
ENGAGEMENT PURPOSE
(WHY WE ENGAGE)
We engage with employees to 
foster a sense of belonging 
within the Group and to 
promote ownership of roles and 
responsibilities, thereby 
cultivating a high-performance 
culture. Additionally, we gather 
important feedback on issues 
that matter to them, leveraging 
these insights to enhance our 
talent management approach.
CHANNEL & FREQUENCY OF ENGAGEMENT (HOW WE ENGAGE)
W Intra - and interdepartmental 
meeting
D Email announcements
Q Newsletters
O Viva Engage digital employee 
engagement platform
A Individual performance reviews
O Personal and professional 
development programmes
A Focus group discussions
A Townhalls
O Volunteering opportunities
O HR Business Partner engagements 
O Jalinan Nurani digital platform
O Employee engagement activities
R Skip-Level Meetings
R New onboarding programme for 
new hires
R Speak Up Forum
46
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Stakeholder Engagement & Value Creation

---- Page 49 ----
wEMPLOYEES (continued)
VALUE CREATED FOR STAKEHOLDER VALUE CREATED FOR THE ORGANISATION
• Competitive remuneration and benefits.
• Professional development opportunities.
• Safe and conducive working environment with effective 
welfare management.
• Equal opportunities within an inclusive work culture.
• Opportunity to contribute towards a more sustainable 
environment.
• Enhanced and sustainable pipeline of talent to drive a 
high-performance culture.
• Competent and engaged workforce equipped to deliver 
on our aspirations.
RISKS OPPORTUNITIES
• Without the right work culture and competencies,  
we may hamper our efforts to attain our SHIFT25 goals.
• Ability to attract high-quality talent.
• Employee satisfaction.
• Increased turnover rate.
• By consistently engaging with our employees and 
embedding our TEAM Values, Purpose, Vision, and 
Mission, we inspire them to consistently excel in their 
performance, thus advancing our corporate and 
sustainability goals. 
• Effective employee management and engagement will 
help us attract top talents from the industry.
• Adopting the digitalisation of HR processes will serve 
to improve productivity and efficiency.
BUSINESS INITIATIVES VALUE CREATION INDICATORS
• Employee engagement survey.
• Management associate programme.
• Employee engagement and wellness programmes.
• Flexible work arrangements and policy.
• Learning and development programmes.
• TEAM badges for recognition.
• TEAM Values workshops.
• Mental Health Support.
• Channels for employees to share feedback, such as our 
Speak Up Forum and Skip Level meetings.
• Onboarding programme for new hires.
• Scholarship for employees and their children.
• Flexible workspaces for collaboration.
• Employee recognition initiatives.
• Tailored talent and successors development programmes. 
• Minimum living wage initiatives.
• Employee retention rate.
• Employee engagement scores.
• Total training hours and spend on learning and 
development.
• Receipt of awards related to employee management. In 
2023, we received the Talentbank’s Graduates’ Choice 
Award 2023, Linkedin Learning Champion 2023 and HR 
Asia’s Best Companies to Work for in Asia 2023 Award.
47Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 50 ----
KEY CONCERNS RAISED RESPONSES/OUR APPROACH
High construction cost. • Securing early appointment of contractors, as well as retaining them with Sime 
Darby Property.
• Implementing a new contracting model – buy forward option and cost-led 
procurement.
• Strategic sourcing initiatives – source for local products. 
• Labour supply – monitoring the status for key contractors and closely follow-up 
on their action plan.
Lack of capable contractors. • Conduct dialogues, workshops with industry experts, knowledge sharing sessions 
and on-site learning activities.
• Enforce Vendor Code of Business Conduct (“VCOBC”) to align with Sime Darby 
Property’s supply chain aspirations.
Lack of knowledge and 
implementation on sustainability 
practices.
• Adopt best practices in managing sustainable development within the supply 
chain.
• Engage vendors on eco-efficiency programmes and improved data collection.
HOW WE MEASURE VALUE
• Quality product by contractors based on QLASSIC Score by each project.
• Cost saving or avoidance achieved as compared to the project’s budget.
• Number of vendors participated in the Vendor Development Programme (“VDP”).
• Vendor acknowledgement on VCOBC requirements to be complied by vendors during vendor registration.
• Number of new technology, innovation and sustainable products and services introduced by vendors.
VENDORS
Our vendors play a crucial role in supporting our operational activities, encompassing contractors, 
consultants and suppliers for our construction projects, alongside other non-construction vendors.
ENGAGEMENT PURPOSE
(WHY WE ENGAGE)
CHANNEL & FREQUENCY OF 
ENGAGEMENT (HOW WE ENGAGE)
Open two-way communication with 
our vendors is essential for better 
understanding each party’s needs. 
This fosters timely delivery of 
high-quality products, enhances 
efficiency and strengthens 
collaborative partnerships towards 
shared objectives.
A Annual dialogue
A Safety and sustainability trainings
M Procurement and appointment process
O Vendor Performance Evaluation
O Relationship-building and networking sessions
O Data collection process
O Meetings
48
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Stakeholder Engagement & Value Creation

---- Page 51 ----
VENDORS (continued)
VALUE CREATED FOR STAKEHOLDER VALUE CREATED FOR THE ORGANISATION
• Compliance and governance adherence.
• Enhanced business continuity for vendors.
• Competitive terms of contract supported by safe work 
standards.
• More business opportunities.
• Good and capable pool of contractors.
• More competitive pricing from contractors.
• Reliable fulfilment of contractual obligations.
• Quality project delivery.
• Timely delivery of project targets.
• Meeting safety and sustainability criteria and objectives.
RISKS OPPORTUNITIES
• Dependence on preferred vendors may lead to supply 
disruptions during unforeseen circumstances.
• ESG issues within our supply chain could result in non-
compliance and affect progress towards the Sime Darby 
Property 2030 Sustainability Goals.
• Outdated vendor information in the Vendor Management 
System could lead to inappropriate vendor selection or 
appointments.
• Synergistic partnerships present the opportunity to 
facilitate innovation and the adoption of advanced 
construction methods or technology.
• Developing collaborative vendor relationships will 
support improved pricing and enhanced cost 
optimisation.
BUSINESS INITIATIVES VALUE CREATION INDICATORS
• Engagement with vendors.
• Vendor Development Programme.
• Annual Partners Dialogue with vendors.
• Sime Darby Property’s Vendor Code of Business Conduct.
• Cost saving and avoidance.
• Quality, safety and timely completion of projects.
• ESG readiness in meeting the target objectives.
49Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 52 ----
INVESTORS & ANALYSTS
Investors contribute crucial financial capital for the Group’ business activities, while analysts assess 
and disseminate information regarding our performance and future prospects.
ENGAGEMENT PURPOSE
(WHY WE ENGAGE)
CHANNEL & FREQUENCY OF 
ENGAGEMENT (HOW WE ENGAGE)
By keeping our investors and analysts 
well-informed about our financial and 
operational performance, business 
developments, strategies and direction, we 
can ensure they make sound investment 
decisions and recommendations. Through our 
engagements, we are further able to 
effectively address their queries and concerns, 
while clarifying the Group’s position on key 
issues and announcements.
P Investor conferences
A Annual General Meetings and annual reports
P Extraordinary General Meetings
Q Investor briefings
R One-on-one/group meetings
P Non-deal roadshows
R Email or phone communication
R Investor Relations webpage and news updates
P Site visits
KEY CONCERNS RAISED RESPONSES/OUR APPROACH
Delivery of a sustainable financial 
and operational performance, 
announced on a quarterly basis.
• Organise quarterly briefings on financial and operational results, alongside 
updates on key developments and strategies.
Implementation of growth 
strategies with a clear emphasis on 
long-term shareholder returns.
• Communicate clear strategic direction, expected goals and outcomes, broad 
risk exposure and mitigation controls, as well as performance targets of the 
Group via:
– One-on-one/group meetings.
– Investor conference calls.
– Non-deal roadshows.
– Informative, accurate, timely and transparent quarterly results announcements 
and annual reports.
Prospects of the property sector 
and response to macroenvironment 
factors relating to the Group’s 
operating landscape.
• Provide direct access to Board members and Executive Leaders during Annual 
General Meetings.
• Offer prompt responses to queries from investors and analysts.
50
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Stakeholder Engagement & Value Creation

---- Page 53 ----
wINVESTORS & ANALYSTS  (continued)
HOW WE MEASURE VALUE
• The value of dividends declared: in 2023, we declared dividends amounting to RM170 million (2.5 sen per share; 41.7% 
payout ratio).
• Tracking our market capitalisation growth: the Group achieved a market capitalisation of RM4.3 billion as at 31 December 
2023.
• Share Price Performance: based on FY2023 performance, analysts’ evaluation indicate a prevailing market consensus, 
with an average target price of RM0.886. Our current share price valuation also stands at a considerable discount of 
57% to the Revalued Net Asset Value. 
• Our share price valuation has been positively recognised by analysts, who have accorded an ESG Premium, reflecting 
the acknowledgement of our commitment to environmental, social, and governance principles in our business practices.
VALUE CREATED FOR STAKEHOLDER VALUE CREATED FOR THE ORGANISATION
• Attractive short and long-term returns on investments.
• Sustainable results driven by sound corporate governance 
and risk management, a robust growth strategy plan, 
and transparent disclosures on financial and non-
financial performance.
• Transparent financial reporting and strategic disclosure 
to stakeholders, which will in turn bolster trust, mitigate 
risks, and showcase our values, enhancing our reputation 
and driving long-term value.
RISKS OPPORTUNITIES
• Inaccurate financial analysis and/or forecasts reported 
by analysts may impact our stock ratings and share price 
performance.
• Transparent and timely disclosures provide investors 
with opportunities to make informed and sound 
investment decisions.
BUSINESS INITIATIVES VALUE CREATION INDICATORS
• Continuous engagement with shareholders and investors.
• Timely and transparent corporate, financial and non-
financial disclosures.
• Communication of our ESG practices through our 
Sustainability Report and corporate website.
• Share price.
• Dividend payout ratio.
• Return on equity.
• Earnings per share.
• Market capitalisation.
51Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 54 ----
MEDIA
Members of the media collectively serve as a vital conduit through which the Group communicates 
and engages with external stakeholders and the broader community.
ENGAGEMENT PURPOSE
(WHY WE ENGAGE)
CHANNEL & FREQUENCY OF 
ENGAGEMENT (HOW WE ENGAGE)
Our close engagement with the media allows us to 
leverage their wide reach in disseminating accurate 
and timely information about the Group’s 
performance, outlook, and business developments 
to the general public. By fostering mutually 
beneficial partnerships with the media, we can 
effectively manage and enhance the Group’s 
credibility, reputation, visibility and positioning 
with the public sphere.
O Press releases & statements and notes to editors
P Festive gatherings & media events
A Annual reports
P Participation in feature/news articles
P Product launches and corporate events 
OR Joint campaigns and advertising
KEY CONCERNS RAISED RESPONSES/OUR APPROACH
Regular, accurate and transparent 
updates on performance, 
developments, financial statements 
and crisis management.
• Work closely with Executive Leadership to provide timely and comprehensive 
financial and non-financial updates to the media.
• Share information accurately and transparently via holding statements and/or 
media responses during crisis.
• Provide regular Group updates on product launches, sales campaigns, CSR 
activities, sustainability initiatives and key appointments, among others.
Market and industry insights. • Provide media members with access to our leadership team’s perspective on 
the market and industry.
Updates on business strategies and 
tactics.
• Disseminate news and updates on our business strategies, market insights and 
future outlook.
Prompt responses to issues raised 
by media members.
• Respond promptly to media enquiries and requests through the Group Corporate 
Communications.
HOW WE MEASURE VALUE
• Amount of media mileage gained and calculated through brand monitoring tools.
• Tracking of brand sentiment encompassing earned and social media.
• Share of Voice measurement through social listening.
Stakeholder Engagement & Value Creation
52
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Stakeholder Engagement & Value Creation

---- Page 55 ----
wMEDIA (continued)
VALUE CREATED FOR STAKEHOLDER VALUE CREATED FOR THE ORGANISATION
• Convenient access to reliable and timely information 
and updates on our performance.
• Regular updates and insights into industry developments 
and trends.
• Improved ability to address public concerns about Group 
initiatives, campaigns or crises.
• Enhanced transparency in our reporting.
• Promotion of Sime Darby Property as a leading voice 
for the industry.
• Improved status and standing as a reputable lifestyle 
master developer.
• RM98.1 million in PR value gained during FY2023.
RISKS OPPORTUNITIES
• Negative, incorrect or insufficient media coverage may 
tarnish our brand reputation.
• Discrepancies highlighted by the media may influence 
investor sentiments and reputation.
• We can leverage on close media relationships to enhance 
our brand positioning and reputation.
• Having a reliable media network will boost our ability 
to rapidly circulate vital business information. 
• Accurate and transparent communication will increase 
public confidence in our brand.
BUSINESS INITIATIVES VALUE CREATION INDICATORS
• Consistent and transparent news and information 
sharing through media interviews, press releases, Q&As, 
media briefings and our website.
•  Frequent utilisation of social media platforms for 
dissemination of news and driving media engagement.
•  PR Value calculated via reputable media monitoring 
tools.
•  Likes, comments and sharing of social media postings.
MEDIA (continued)
53Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 56 ----
DEBT PROVIDERS 
Debt providers and lenders play a pivotal role in providing the Group with access to capital, 
enabling the implementation of our strategies and initiatives. 
ENGAGEMENT PURPOSE
(WHY WE ENGAGE)
CHANNEL & FREQUENCY OF 
ENGAGEMENT (HOW WE ENGAGE)
Close engagement with debt providers and lenders 
is essential to maintain their commitment to 
continue to lend to the Group. Keeping them 
updated on our financial, operational and strategic 
performance, as well as communicating our 
governance and risk management framework and 
practices, fosters robust relationships based on 
transparency and trust.
R Email communication
Q Meetings
Q Events hosted by debt providers
P Site visits
A Annual General Meetings and Annual Reports
KEY CONCERNS RAISED RESPONSES/OUR APPROACH
Ability to service debt obligations 
and adherence to covenants. 
• Deliver transparent disclosures of operational, financial and strategic performance 
and updates.
Governance practices and risk 
management framework.
• Provide details and insights into our corporate governance and risk frameworks.
HOW WE MEASURE VALUE
• Credit score rating.
• Availability of standby facility lines and other loans at competitive rates.
VALUE CREATED FOR STAKEHOLDER VALUE CREATED FOR THE ORGANISATION
• Steady returns anchored by reliable principal and 
interest payments, sound governance and risk 
management, compliance with terms of borrowing.
• New potential financing opportunities while building 
long-term relationships.
• Access to debt markets to support our business growth.
• Available market updates and key updates on monetary 
policy regulations.
• Access to green financing on projects which have 
positive impact on the environment and communities 
that we operate in.
RISKS OPPORTUNITIES
• Inability to obtain timely financing to support the Group’s 
business growth objectives.
• The Group has the ability to access different debt 
providers, given its financial strength.
• Future potential debt upsizing including green financing.
54
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Stakeholder Engagement & Value Creation

---- Page 57 ----
REGULATORS
Regulators dictate the standards and practices within our industries, with our ongoing compliance 
to these regulations vital in ensuring the stability and longevity of our business operations. 
ENGAGEMENT PURPOSE 
(WHY WE ENGAGE)
CHANNEL & FREQUENCY OF  
ENGAGEMENT (HOW WE ENGAGE)
Regular and active engagement with regulators 
allows us to stay abreast of changes and updates in 
the regulatory environment, driving continuous 
compliance with existing and new requirements 
across all spectrums of our business.
P   Meetings 
Q   Industry forums
O   Email communication 
Q   Government consultations
P   Seminars/webinars 
Q   Advisory groups
KEY CONCERNS RAISED RESPONSES/OUR APPROACH
Compliance with rules and 
regulations, including newly updated 
requirements.
•  Participate in industry and national-level forums to keep abreast of changes in 
the regulatory environment.
•  Ensure adherence to all relevant requirements via the Group’s compliance 
function.
Share, contribute and co-create 
industry best practices or new policies 
and regulations.
•  Lend our industry perspective and experience to help shape new policies and 
regulations.
•  Share knowledge and best practices in industry forums.
Support for national agenda. •  Contribute to national development through products and initiatives such as 
affordable housing, biodiversity inventories, as well as wetland construction 
and maintenance guidelines.
w
BUSINESS INITIATIVES VALUE CREATION INDICATORS
• Frequent and transparent communication and engagement 
with financiers to ensure that they understand our 
business.
• Ensure comprehensive and clear reporting of the Group’s 
financial performance is done through quarterly briefings 
and annual reports.
• Ensure that the debt providers understand our growth 
plan and strategic focus.
• Improved credit score rating.
• Competitive interest rates.
• Shorter approval timeline on additional financing.
DEBT PROVIDERS (continued)
55Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 58 ----
HOW WE MEASURE VALUE
• Track record of regulatory compliance and performance in regulatory assessments.
• Upholding of regulatory commitments, such as payable income tax. 
• Monitoring feedback from regulatory bodies during engagement sessions.
VALUE CREATED FOR STAKEHOLDER VALUE CREATED FOR THE ORGANISATION
• Their expectations for compliance with rules and 
regulations are consistently met or surpassed.
• Provision of support and contributions towards national 
and industry development.
• Enhanced guidance on rules and regulations from 
regulators.
• Improved access to support from industry peers and 
authoritative bodies.
RISKS OPPORTUNITIES
• Non-compliance with new or existing regulations could 
result in fines and impact our reputation.
• Operational disruptions caused by non-compliance can 
further impact the efficiency and timeliness our of 
projects.
• By engaging closely with regulators and industry 
bodies, we are able to deepen existing relationships 
and foster strategic collaborations.
BUSINESS INITIATIVES VALUE CREATION INDICATORS
• Continuously drive and promote compliance towards 
the Group’s Anti-Corruption and integrity-related 
management frameworks.
• Actively engage in various government and authorities’ 
discussions related to our businesses to discuss 
government policies and regulatory requirements.
• Compliance to regulatory requirements.
• Amount of tax contributed to the government.
• Ratings received by regulatory bodies and indices.
REGULATORS (continued)
56
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Stakeholder Engagement & Value Creation

---- Page 59 ----
Value created in FY2023 was distributed as follows:
EMPLOYEES
RM267.7 
million
PROVIDERS OF 
CAPITAL
RM326.2 
million
GOVERNMENT 
& SOCIETY
RM208.4 
million
REINVESTMENT 
AND FUTURE 
GROWTH
RM269.6 
million
RM1.07 billion
25% 
We invested 
RM3.5 million in 
employees’ learning 
and training 
programmes.
30%
We rewarded our 
shareholders with 
a total dividend 
payout of RM170 
million (2.5 sen 
per share, 41.7% 
payout ratio).
25%
Retained profit is 
used to support the 
Group’s 
transformation 
journey towards 
becoming a 
real estate company.
20%
Approximately 
RM12 million 
worth of 
charitable 
donations made, 
with a total of 
RM192.8 million 
in taxes to the 
Government.
57Integrated Report 2023
How We Distribute Value
In ensuring that we continue to deliver positive results to our stakeholders, Sime Darby Property 
distributes value created through numerous channels, some of which go beyond financial means, 
ranging from training and learning programmes for our employees to diverse community initiatives, 
in our efforts to create a more sustainable future for all our stakeholders.

---- Page 60 ----
STAKEHOLDER INDICATOR
VALUE DRIVERS
How it links to value creation
EMPLOYEES
Salaries & Benefits (RM mil) Remuneration and benefits to employees
Training Spend (RM mil) Investment in employee development
Diversity: Women in Senior Management (%) Progress of women in leadership positions
Diversity: Senior Management (%) Diverse and inclusive employees in 
leadership roles
CUSTOMERS & 
COMMUNITIES
Net Promoter Score (%) Overall satisfaction with our products and 
services
Total Socioeconomic Spend (RM mil) Contribution to society
INVESTORS & 
SHAREHOLDERS
Revenue (RM mil) Business performance
Return on Shareholders’ funds (%) Business performance
Dividend Payout (%) Business performance and efficiency
Total Shareholder Return (%) Wealth creation for shareholders
Share Price Performance (%) Share price appreciation
Full-year Dividend Per Share (cents) Dividends for shareholders
REGULATORS
Corporate Taxes (RM mil) Contribution to government funds
VENDORS
Local Procurement Spend (RM bil) Supporting local vendors
58
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Stakeholder Scorecard

---- Page 61 ----
2023 2022 2021
267.7 236.4 178.2
3.5 2.8 0.7
36 34 29
8.5 7.9 8.1
70 69 68
15.6 31.1 22.3
3,436.9 2,742.1 2,216.6
4.2 3.3 1.6
41.7 43.1 46.3
45.4 -27.0 2.2
40.0 -26.2 -10.4
2.5 2.0 1.0
192.8 147.2 118.2
2.2 1.6 1.4
59Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 62 ----
For further details on our methodology and the prioritisation of our material matters, please refer to pages 18 to 19 of our 
Sustainability Report 2023.
Our Material Matters serve as focal points for sustainability issues that hold significant 
potential to affect our operations and stakeholders. Through our rigorous double 
materiality assessments, we delve deeply into each matter, assessing associated risks, 
opportunities, and impacts amidst evolving regulatory and operational landscapes. 
Subsequently, we are empowered to refine our sustainability strategy to closely align 
our business goals with environmental and societal responsibilities. This approach enhances 
our market adaptability and agility while reinforcing our sustainability commitments in 
line with the rising expectations of our discerning stakeholders.
• Companies that lag behind in innovative 
adoption will be financially disadvantaged 
as narrowing margins demand optimum 
cost and operational efficiencies.
• Inability of employees to adapt to 
rapidly changing digital/technology 
landscape.
Why it is important
Creating and adopting new innovations 
ensure that the Group is able to meet the 
ever-growing demands of our stakeholders, 
drive business growth and promote continuous 
resilience and sustainability.
• Reskill and upskill employees for greater 
comfort in using new technologies 
optimally.
• Integrate the most effective technologies 
into all operations to ensure the fastest, 
most cost-effective and sustainable 
developments of consistently high 
quality.
Links
Description
We drive our business 
competitiveness, enhance 
customer experiences, and 
improve work efficiency 
through technology and 
digitalisation.
Risks
Opportunities
INNOVATION
Capitals Stakeholders
UN SDG
60
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Material Matters
STRATEGIC REVIEW

---- Page 63 ----
• Erosion of biodiversity would damage 
the ecosystem of an area.
• Increased dependence of nature such 
as the availability of a stable and arable 
land for development.
• Degradation of environment quality 
caused by the Group’s operations.
• Financial and reputational loss due to 
legal non-compliance to laws and 
regulations.
• Environmental pollution causing 
negative impact to the community.
Why it is important
Why it is important
Putting emphasis on urban biodiversity 
avoids the risks of fragmented landscapes 
and keep biodiversity systems intact, which 
in turn, allows for an area’s natural flora 
and fauna to flourish.
Properly managing energy and carbon is 
crucial to a business as it enables an 
organisation to improve its energy use 
systematically, as well as track and report 
on its emissions.
• Promote ecological resilience which can 
withstand environmental changes such 
as extreme weather events.
• Contribute to environmental education, 
community inclusion and opportunities 
for urban reforestation research and 
development.
• Reduce operational expenditures 
through the implementation of energy 
and carbon management solutions.
• Minimise energy spending using tools 
such as smart metering, real-time 
power usage monitoring, and data-
driven predictions to eliminate energy 
wastage points.
• Comply with energy and carbon 
regulations set by the government and 
relevant authorities.
Links
Links
Description
We evaluate the impact of 
our urban development on 
biodiversity and mitigate 
these impacts through 
conservation and restoration 
efforts, including on-site 
conservation to avoid  
impacts and off-site offsets.
Description
We manage our greenhouse 
gas emissions by reporting 
across various scopes, 
setting reduction targets, 
and initiating strategies 
such as improving energy 
efficiency and adopting 
renewable energy sources, 
including rooftop solar 
panels.
Risks
Risks
Opportunities
Opportunities
URBAN BIODIVERSITY
ENERGY & CARBON MANAGEMENT
Capitals
Capitals
Stakeholders
Stakeholders
UN SDGs
UN SDGs
61Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 64 ----
• Erosion of biodiversity would damage 
the ecosystem of an area.
• Increased dependence of nature such 
as the availability of a stable and arable 
land for development.
Why it is important
Embedding circular plans into a business 
ensures that resources are planned and 
managed accordingly to reduce waste to 
very minimum and enable continuous value 
creation.
• Reusing and recycling products would 
slow down the use of natural resources, 
reduce landscape and habitat disruption 
and help to limit biodiversity loss.
• Reduce raw material dependence for 
our products, developments and 
townships.
• Enhance R&D capabilities through new, 
innovative tools and processes.
Links
Description
We embed circular  
principles throughout our 
value chain by designing for 
recycling, procuring  
recycled materials,  
designing low-waste  
construction processes, and 
managing waste to minimise 
landfill contributions.
Risks
Opportunities
CIRCULARITY
• Inability to access adequate water supplies or 
services to effectively manage a company’s 
operations due to flooding, drought or long-term 
water scarcity.
• Non-compliance to regulatory requirements 
pertaining to efficient water management.
• Occupational health & safety risk to stakeholders 
posed by contaminated water supply.
Why it is important
Water management is essential 
as it allows a business to implement 
conscious, positive changes and 
practices to combat climate 
change.
• Enhance operational efficiency through optimising 
water usage and reducing operational costs.
• Mitigate potential water-related risks across our 
townships and developments, as well as ensuring 
business continuity.
• Improve supply chain resilience by working closely 
with vendors to implement sustainable water 
practices throughout the supply chain.
Links
Description
We optimise water usage by 
incorporating water  
considerations into our 
designs, reducing water 
intensity, ensuring proper 
treatment, and providing 
adequate access to water 
for our employees,  
contractors, and tenants.
Risks
Opportunities
WATER MANAGEMENT
Capitals
Capitals
Stakeholders
Stakeholders
UN SDGs
UN SDGs
62
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Material Matters

---- Page 65 ----
• The nature of construction poses safety hazards 
that need to be monitored constantly.
• Threats to employees’ mental health due to 
work stress, job security and other personal 
issues.
• Possible legal action being taken by authorities 
due to negligence.
• Unrelenting emphasis on HSSE to establish 
Sime Darby Property as a champion of safety.
• Ensuring leadership commitment in enhancing 
safety awareness and health standards.
• Providing support to improve health and well-
being for a sustainable work-life balance.
• Potential worsening of global warming.
• Potential business disruption due to 
severe weather conditions.
• Threats to human health, including our 
physical and psychological well-being.
• Erosion of biodiversity would damage 
the ecosystem.
Why it is important
Climate adaptation strengthens an 
organisation’s resilience towards combatting 
climate change through proactive measures 
and practices.
• Contribute to environmental education, 
community inclusion and opportunities 
for urban reforestation research and 
development.
• Announced the Group’s pledge to 
become a net zero emission business by 
2050. 
• Greater adoption of renewable energy 
in products and assets to establish Sime 
Darby Property as a sustainable property 
developer.
Links
Description
We assess and mitigate risks 
from the physical impacts of 
climate change (e.g., floods, 
sea-level rise) in our project 
design, development, and 
management.
Risks
Opportunities
CLIMATE ADAPTATION
Why it is important
Links
Description
We commit to providing a 
safe and healthy work 
environment by adhering to 
health and safety laws, 
regulations, and standards 
to prevent job-related 
injuries and aim for zero 
fatalities.
Risks
Opportunities
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY
Capitals
Capitals
Stakeholders
Stakeholders
UN SDGs
UN SDGs
Occupational safety and health 
ensure a safe and conducive working 
environment for employees, vendors 
and other stakeholders.
63Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 66 ----
•  Pose a threat to implementation of a strategy 
due to the lack of diversity and inclusion in 
the Board and senior management team.
• Reputational damage to an organisation that 
lacks diversity and inclusion.
• Widen talent pool and improve recruitment 
for more diverse talents.
• Increase employee engagement and trust.
• Create stronger business results and profits 
due to a wider pool of talent and ideas.
• Public criticism which could adversely impact 
brand reputation.
• Possible legal action being taken by 
communities/customers due to negligence/
unsatisfactory service and experience.
• Impedes market leader position due to 
intensifying competition and disruption to 
business trends.
• Increase brand awareness making an 
organisation more visible to an even wider 
audience, creating a reliable, trustworthy, and 
generous business image.
• Enhance community development that fosters 
deeper ties and create a more harmonious 
social environment.
Why it is important
Continuous engagements allow an 
organisation to gain invaluable 
feedback from communities towards 
ensuring that the necessary  
initiatives and programmes meet 
their demands and expectations.
Links
Description
We foster positive  
community engagement by 
collecting and addressing 
feedback, ensuring  
adequate infrastructure and 
employment opportunities, 
and prioritising the health 
and safety of our tenants.
Risks
Opportunities
COMMUNITY EXPERIENCE
Why it is important
Embracing diversity and inclusion at 
the workplace brings new  
perspectives and experiences, 
allowing innovation, connectivity, 
and encouraging a wider mindset.
Links
Description
We champion diversity and 
inclusion as core aspects of 
our corporate identity, 
embracing talents of  
different ages and  
ethnicities to enrich  
perspectives and contribute 
to our success.
Risks
Opportunities
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Capitals
Capitals
Stakeholders
Stakeholders
UN SDGs
UN SDG
64
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Material Matters

---- Page 67 ----
• Potential conflict of interest, corruption 
and unethical practices.
• Jeopardise the quality and safety of 
products and services.
• Overdependence on foreign workers 
may result in cost increase.
• Create healthy collaborations with 
vendors.
• Create a database of reputable and 
reliable vendors.
• Enhance local vendors’ ESG and OSH 
practices at worksites. 
• Failure to prevent reputational damage 
due to perceived violation of labour 
practices.
• Non-compliance to regulations.
• Implement good grievance mechanism 
and practices.
• Enhance productivity and employee 
retention.
Why it is important
Complying with labour standards and 
practices is crucial in helping safeguard the 
rights and safety of all employed workers 
of an organisation.
Links
Description
We uphold high labour 
standards and practices, 
ensuring the fair treatment 
and well-being of all our 
employees.
Risks
Opportunities
LABOUR STANDARDS AND PRACTICES
Why it is important
Complying with labour standards and 
practices is crucial in helping safeguard the 
rights and safety of all employed workers 
of an organisation.
Links
Description
We ensure our supply chain 
partners advance on ESG 
imperatives, including  
reducing GHG emissions 
and upholding human rights 
throughout the procurement 
process.
Risks
Opportunities
RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
Capitals
Capitals
Stakeholders
Stakeholders
UN SDG
UN SDG 
65Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 68 ----
• Increased legal, regulatory and 
reputational risks.
• Business disruption due to lack of 
preparedness to face a crisis/emergency.
• Lack of control and strategic alignment 
resulting in corruption, negligence, 
fraud, and lack of accountability.
Anti-bribery and corruption prevent people 
and organisations from misconduct and 
unethical practices.
• Promote good governance practices 
that contribute towards growth and 
management stability.
• Engage shareholders on investment 
decisions and promoting management 
transparency.
•  Ensure business continuity and 
resiliency.
• Pose a threat to the Group’s data 
security.
• Financial loss for recovery of system.
Why it is important
Cybersecurity is vital to protect sensitive 
data, prevent financial losses, ensure 
business continuity, safeguard intellectual 
property, meet regulatory requirements, 
maintain customer trust, and defend 
against evolving cyber threats.
• Engage with stakeholders such as 
employees to create awareness on data 
protection and accountability.
• Create awareness on network and data 
protection to minimise cyber risks.
Links
Description
We prioritise our  
stakeholders’ data privacy, 
continuously strengthening 
our cybersecurity measures 
and elevating our  
information technology 
security standards.
Risks
Opportunities
DATA PRIVACY & CYBERSECURITY
Why it is important
Links
Description
We adopt a zero-tolerance 
policy towards bribery and 
corruption in all our business 
dealings, mitigating risks 
through promoting good 
governance and ethical 
practices among our  
employees, partners, and 
suppliers.
Risks
Opportunities
ANTI-BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION
Capitals
Capitals
Stakeholders
Stakeholders
UN SDG
66
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Material Matters

---- Page 69 ----
BNM anticipates Malaysia’s GDP to grow between 4.0% and 5.0% in 2024, underpinned by continued expansion in domestic 
expenditure and improvement in external demand. Stronger-than-expected tourism activity, faster implementation of existing 
and new investment projects by both the private and public sectors would provide upside risks to the domestic growth. 
Nevertheless, domestic growth remains susceptible to downside risks from external factors such as weaker-than-expected global 
growth and escalating geopolitical conflicts, as well as domestic shocks like severe disruptions in commodity production and 
subsidy rationalisation.
Headline inflation, as measured by the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”), moderated in 2023 after reaching its peak in 2022, averaging 
2.5% for the year (2022: 3.3%). The moderation was driven by broad-based easing in both core and non-core inflation. Lower 
inflation for fuel (2023: -1.6%; 2022: 5.1%) as well as food and non-alcoholic beverages (2023: 4.8%; 2022: 5.8%) were among 
the main drivers contributing to softer headline inflation. Core inflation, on the other hand, averaged 3.0% for 2023 (2022: 3.0%), 
mainly driven by a relaxation in service-related items such as food away from home and the repair and maintenance of personal 
transport. Both headline and core inflation are expected to remain modest in 2024, ranging between 2.0% - 3.5% and 2.0% – 
3.0%, respectively. This reflects the potential upside from domestic subsidy rationalisation and stable cost and demand conditions.
Malaysia’s labour market conditions continued to improve in 2023, with the unemployment rate declining to 3.4% reaching  
pre-pandemic levels (2022: 3.8% and 2019: 3.3%). Employment grew by 2.8% (+439,200 persons; 2022: 3.1%, +472,400 persons). 
Notably, the labour participation rate reached a historic high of 70.0% in 2023 (2022: 69.3%).
The Malaysian Institute of Economic Research (“MIER”) revealed that the Consumer Sentiment Index (“CSI”) for 4Q2023 showed 
a positive trend at 89.4 points (3Q2023: 78.9 points), however remained below the 100-point threshold. This improvement is 
attributed to positive consumer sentiment, improved current and expected finances, a rise in expected employment, persistent 
inflation concerns and a rebound in spending plans.
Similarly, the Business Conditions Index (“BCI”) increased to 89.0 points in 4Q2023 (3Q2023: 79.7%). This indicates a recovery 
in confidence among local manufacturers, with companies expressing continued confidence in the business environment.
On the lending front, BNM increased the Overnight Policy Rate (“OPR”) by 25 basis points from 2.75% to 3.00% in May 2023 
and has maintained it since then. At the current OPR level, the monetary policy continues to provide support to the economy 
and aligns with the present evaluation of inflation and growth prospects. Both the base lending rate (“BLR”) and average base 
rate (“BR”) increased to 6.6% (2022: 5.9%) and 3.6% (2022: 3.2%) respectively, in 2023. Financial institutions continued  
to operate with strong capital and liquidity buffers, with domestic financial conditions remaining conducive to sustaining  
credit growth.
Market Review and Outlook
THE MALAYSIAN ECONOMY AND GENERAL OPERATING LANDSCAPE
According to Bank Negara Malaysia (“BNM”), the Malaysian economy continued  
its expansionary mode, with gross domestic product (“GDP”) growth normalising to 3.7% 
in 2023 (2022: 8.7%). This growth was driven by continued household spending, improved 
labour market conditions, further recovery in tourism activities and sustained investment 
activity amid slower global growth. 
67Integrated Report 2023
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape

---- Page 70 ----
5.8% 4.8% 4.4%
3.3%
8.7%
3.7%
-10.0%
-5.0%
0.0%
5.0%
10.0%
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
-5.5%
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) Growth
Source: Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM)
-1.2%
3.8%
1.0%
0.7%
2.5%
3.3%
2.5%
-2.0%
-1.0%
0.0%
1.0%
2.0%
3.0%
4.0%
5.0%
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Consumer Price Index (Y-o-Y changes)
Source: Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM)
3.4% 3.3% 3.3%
4.5% 4.6%
3.8%
3.4%
0.0%
1.0%
2.0%
3.0%
4.0%
5.0%
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
  Unemployment Rate
Source: Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM)
68
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 71 ----
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
1Q2020
2Q20203Q20204Q20201Q20212Q20213Q20214Q20211Q20222Q20223Q20224Q20221Q20232Q2023
3Q2023
4Q2023
51
90
86
115
122
100101
112 102
109
105100 
83
61
88
96 96
8697
CSI BCI
92 98 99
64
86 95 91
8298 80
79
89
89
Consumer Sentiment Index (CSI) & Business Conditions Index (BCI) (Points)
Source: Malaysia Institute of Economic Research (MIER)
2.75%
2.50%
1.75% 2.00%
2.75%
3.00%
0.00%
0.50%
1.00%
1.50%
2.00%
2.50%
3.00%
3.50%
Jan-20
Mar-20
May-20
Jul-20
Sep-20
Nov-20
Jan-21
Mar-21
May-21
Jul-21
Sep-21
Nov-21
Jan-22
Mar-22
May-22
Jul-22
Sep-22
Nov-22
Jan-23
Mar-23
May-23
Jul-23
Sep-23
Nov-23
Source: Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM)
Source: Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) 
3.62 3.76
2.8
2.4
3.2 3.6
6.67 6.89
3.88
6.78
5.8 5.5 5.9
6.6
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
7.0
8.0
Average Base Rate (BR) Average Base Lending Rate (BLR)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Average Base Lending Rate (BLR) & Average Base Rate (BR) (%)
Overnight Policy Rate (OPR)
69Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 72 ----
Operating Landscape
According to JUBM & Arcadis Construction Cost Handbook for 2021 and 2022, the range of construction costs (including building 
costs, services costs and preliminaries but excluding site formation works, external works, land cost, professional fees, finan ce, 
legal expenses and contingencies) for selected development components (high-rise residential, retail, office, industrial and ca r 
parks) in the selected states/key cities of Kuala Lumpur and Johor Bahru showed an increasing trend from 2021 to 2022. The growth 
ranged between 5.7% and 9.1%, as shown in the table below. Additionally, according to Building Cost Information Services Malaysia 
(“BCISM”) Costbook 2023, the average building prices for luxury apartments, 3-storey offices and light duty factories/warehouses 
categories range from RM267 to RM334, RM146 to RM288 and RM141 to RM237 per sq ft respectively.
Meanwhile, according to the Department of Statistics Malaysia (“DOSM”), the unit price index for selected materials such as cement, 
bricks & wall, sand and aggregates in most areas of Peninsular Malaysia recorded an increase in 2023 on a y-o-y basis, ranging from 
as low as 0.5% to as high as 18.9% while for steel, the unit price index showed a decreasing trend in 2023 by circa -3.0% to -0 .9% 
y-o-y. On the other hand, the Building Material Cost Index (“BCI”) (with steel bars) for all building categories in Peninsular Malaysia 
grew from a marginal of 0.1% to a high of 8.8% y-o-y for the full year of 2023.
Additionally, the Real Estate and Housing Developers Association (“REHDA”) expects property prices to rise significantly in the  
first half of 2024 (1H2024) due to building material cost hikes. According to REHDA’s Property Industry Survey for the second h alf 
of 2024, construction costs are anticipated to increase by 15% in 1H2024, as developers have reported more than a 10% annual 
increase in the average price for sand and concrete as of 31 December 2023.
Total Construction Costs for Selected Development Components in Kuala Lumpur, 2021 to 2022
Property Development
Estimated Total Construction Costs (RM per sq ft)
Kuala Lumpur
2021 2022 % 
Growthmin max average min max average
High-Rise Residential 
Detached houses (mass housing) 222 306 264 236 331 284 7.4%
Terraced houses 84 134 109 89 146 118 7.8%
Average standard apartments, high-rise 116 225 171 124 248 186 9.1%
Luxury apartments, high-rise 271 539  405 283 592 438 8.0%
Retail
Shopping centres 259 388 324 275 423 349 7.9%
Office
Average standard offices, high-rise 221 289 255 236 317 277 8.4%
Industrial
Single storey conventional factory of structural 
steelwork 122 167 145 128 183 156 7.6%
Owner operated factories, low-rise 165 203 184 170 219 195 5.7%
Car Parks
Basement car parks (<3 levels) 119 206 163 124 222 173 6.5%
Elevated car parks (<4 levels) 84 134 109 86 145  116 6.0%
Source: JUBM & Arcadis Construction Cost Handbook 2021 & 2022
70
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 73 ----
Total Construction Costs for Selected Development Components in Johor Bahru, 2021 to 2022
Property Development
Estimated Total Construction Costs (RM per sq ft)
Johor Bahru
2021 2022 %  
Growthmin max average min max average
High-Rise Residential
Detached houses (mass housing) 218 288 253 239 320  279 10.4%
Terraced houses 93 137 115 89 146 118 2.4%
Average standard apartments, high-rise 144 195 170 128 246 187 10.2%
Luxury apartments, high-rise 282 367 324 298 427 363 11.7%
Retail
Shopping centres 261 334 298 277 390 334 12.2%
Office
Average standard offices, high-rise 211 269 240 239 302 270 12.6%
Industrial
Single storey conventional factory of structural 
steelwork 124 156 140 128 183 156 11.3%
Owner operated factories, low-rise 167 189  178 175 218 196 10.3%
Car Parks
Basement car parks (<3 levels) 121 158 140 130 206 168 20.2%
Elevated car parks (<4 levels) 80 106 93 84 131 107 15.4%
Source: JUBM & Arcadis Construction Cost Handbook 2021 & 2022
71Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 74 ----
0.0%
20.0%
40.0%
60.0%
80.0%
100.0%
KelantanPahang Perlis SabahSarawak
Terengganu
Kedah
Negeri Sembilan
Perak Johor
W.P. Labuan
Melaka
Pulau Pinang
Selangor
W.P. Putrajaya
W.P. Kuala Lumpur
Urbanisation rate (%)
2020 1970
Urbanisation Rate by State, 1970 – 2020
Sources: Department of Statistics Malaysia (DOSM), Knight Frank Research
RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY SECTOR
MARKET OVERVIEW
Malaysia: Urbanisation Rate
Based on the key findings from the Population and Housing Census of Malaysia 2020: Urban and Rural publication by the Department 
of Statistics Malaysia (“DOSM”), Malaysia’s urbanisation rate has tripled from 28.4% in 1970 to 75.1% in 2020 due to natural 
population growth, migration and boundary changes.
The urbanisation rate in Malaysia has significantly increased, with the Klang Valley, particularly Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya, 
exhibiting 100% urbanisation, followed by Selangor at 95.8%. Conversely, Kelantan has the lowest urbanisation rate at 44.1%, 
followed by Pahang, Perlis, Sabah and Sarawak. Labuan experienced a notable rise in urbanisation from 81.9% in 2010 to 88.9% 
in 2020.
Negeri Sembilan’s urbanisation rate has also tripled, reaching 69.0% in 2020, with significant contributions from projects in a reas 
such as the Seremban-KLIA corridors, Nilai and developments like the Malaysian Vision Valley 2.0 (“MVV 2.0”). Moving forward, 
other notable projects such as Seremban 2, Hamilton Nilai City, MVV Parcel B (Labu), smart AI container port and Techpark Phase 
3 @ Enstek are expected to drive economic growth and further enhance urbanisation in the near to mid-term.
According to the Population & Housing Census of Malaysia 2020, migration trends from rural to urban areas are anticipated to 
escalate the urban population rate to 81.2% in 2030, 85.0% in 2040 and 88.8% in 2050.
72
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 75 ----
MALAYSIA: LOAN APPROVAL RATES
Approved housing loans in 2023 rose to RM186.9 billion, reflecting a 3.9% increase y-o-y. There was a marginal increase of 0.3%  
in housing loan applications to RM446.7 billion, with an approval rate of 41.8%. 
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Loan Applied (RM Billion) 239.8 240.9 260.8 266.4 389.9 445.2 446.7
Loan Approved (RM Billion) 101.5 103.7 112.6 93.1 141.0 179.9 186.9
Loan Approval Rate 42.3% 43.1% 43.2% 34.9% 36.2% 40.4% 41.8%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
0.0
100.0
200.0
300.0
400.0
500.0
Loan Approval Rate
Loan Applied/ 
Loan Approve (RM billion)
0.0%
Residential Loan Approval Rates
Sources: Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM), Knight Frank Research
MALAYSIA HOUSE PRICE INDEX
The Malaysia’s All House Price Index (HPI) displayed a Compounded Annual Growth Rate (“CAGR”) of 2.3% between 2018 at 193.7 
points and 2023 at 216.5 points. Subsequently, the country’s HPI marked a 3.2% y-o-y increase (2022: 209.8 points).
Negeri Sembilan saw a 6.5% y-o-y increase to 234.5 points in 2023 (2022: 220.2 points), while Kuala Lumpur experienced marginal  
gains in HPI with 1.8% y-o-y increase recording at 196.1 points during the same period (2022: 192.7 points). On the other hand,  
Selangor’s HPI also increased by approximately 2.9% to 220.7 points in 2023 (2022: 214.5 points).
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Malaysia 193.7 198.0 200.3 202.7 209.8 216.5
Kuala Lumpur 198.5 197.9 196.5 190.9 192.7 196.1
Selangor 198.2 202.1 201.9 206.4 214.5 220.7
Negeri Sembilan 186.9 192.0 199.7 205.6 220.2 234.5
140.0
160.0
180.0
200.0
220.0
240.0
House Price Index
All House Price Index (“HPI”) by State, 2018 – 2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
73Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 76 ----
0.28 0.30 0.30 0.31 0.31 0.32 0.33 0.33 0.34 0.35 0.35
0.00
0.05
0.10
0.15
0.20
0.25
0.30
0.35
0.40
0.00
0.05
0.10
0.15
0.20
0.25
0.30
Cumulative Supply (million)
Total Supply (million)
Landed Non-Landed Low Cost Cumulative Supply
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024f 2025f 2026f 2027f 2028f
EXISTING & FUTURE SUPPLY
Klang Valley
The year 2023 saw a steady uptick in the cumulative supply of residential properties, with a modest 3.5% increase reaching 2.54  
million units. These properties are classified into 3 distinct categories: 45.1% as non-landed properties, 39.7% as landed properties 
and 15.2% as low-cost properties.
Over the next five years, preliminary forecasts project that the total residential supply in the Klang Valley is expected to re ach 
2.96 million units, with non-landed properties contributing 49.4% to this growth.
2.17 2.25 2.32 2.37 2.45 2.54 2.62 2.70 2.78 2.87 2.96
0.00
0.50
1.00
1.50
2.00
2.50
3.00
3.50
0.00
0.20
0.40
0.60
0.80
1.00
1.20
1.40
1.60
Cumulative Supply (million)
Total Supply (million)
Landed Non-Landed Low Cost Cumulative Supply
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024f 2025f 2026f 2027f 2028f
Cumulative Residential Supply in Klang Valley, 2018 – 2028f
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: The cumulative residential supply includes Serviced Apartment and Soho
Negeri Sembilan
In 2023, the cumulative supply of residential properties in Negeri Sembilan experienced a 3.1% increase, reaching 318,804 units . 
Landed properties dominated the landscape, accounting for 75.6%, followed by non-landed properties at 13.0%, and low-cost 
properties at 11.4%. 
Looking ahead, over the next five years, the total residential supply is expected to expand to approximately 353,789 units, wit h 
landed houses being the primary contributor at 77.8% of the total future supply.
Cumulative Residential Supply in Negeri Sembilan, 2018 – 2028f
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: The cumulative residential supply includes Serviced Apartment and Soho
Operating Landscape
74
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 77 ----
TRANSACTION VOLUME AND VALUES
Klang Valley
Residential Transaction Volume and Values
In 2023, the residential property market in the Klang Valley displayed resilience, recording 69,117 residential transactions totaling 
RM42.1 billion. However, this marks a slight decline in both transaction volume and value by 1.3% and 1.6% respectively, compared 
to the previous year, thus indicating market moderation from the 2022 bumper year. Nonetheless, the performance in 2023 still 
outstripped that of 2019. Consequently, the average value per residential transaction saw a marginal decrease from RM611,357 
per unit in 2022 to RM609,366 per unit in 2023, reflecting a year-on-year decrease of 0.3%. 
The slight decline in transaction volume and value in the Klang Valley’s residential property market can be attributed to exter nal 
factors including economic uncertainties, policy changes and variations in interest rates. The marginal decrease in average transaction 
value suggests a shift towards more affordable housing options or a correction in certain market segments. Nevertheless, the Klang 
Valley’s residential market remains dynamic with potential for growth and recovery driven by urbanisation, infrastructure development 
and demographic trends.
Landed houses made up the majority of the total transactions in Klang Valley in 2023, at 50.7%. Nonlanded properties accounted 
for about 32.5%, with the remaining 16.8% being low-cost houses. The majority of transactions were for 2- to 3-storey terraces 
(30.1%), condominiums/apartments (22.2%), and serviced apartments (10.3%), highlighting them as key properties in high demand 
in the current market.
In terms of growth, serviced apartments experienced the highest CAGR at 19.1% during the review period, with transaction volumes 
in 2023 more than doubling from those in 2018. This is followed by 2- to 3-storey semi-detached houses at 7.2% and 2- & 3-store y 
terraces at 5.5%.
All residential types experienced modest growth in 2023, except for serviced apartments, which saw a remarkable increase in 
transaction volume by 41.9%, reaching 7,451 units from 5,252 units in 2022.
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Transaction Volume (units) 59,156 63,633 54,912 60,140 70,035 69,117
Transaction Value (RM Million) 32,519 34,019 30,126 36,388 42,816 42,118
Average Value Per Transaction (RM) 549,709 534,613 548,616 605,047 611,357 609,366
100,000
200,000
300,000
400,000
500,000
600,000
700,000
0
10,000
20,000
30,000
40,000
50,000
60,000
70,000
80,000
Average Value
Per Transaction (RM)
Transaction Volume (units)
& Value (RM Million)
Residential Transaction Volume and Value in Klang Valley, 2018 – 2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Excludes Serviced Apartment and Soho
75Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 78 ----
 Transaction Volume by Property Type in Klang Valley, 2018 – 2023
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
Single Storey Terrace
2-3S t o r e yT e r r a c e
Cluster House
Single Storey Semi-
Detach
2-3S t o r e yS e m i -
Detach
Detach
Town House
Condominium/
Apartment
Serviced Apartment
Flat
Low-Cost House
Low-Cost Flat
Landed Non-Landed Low Cost
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Include Serviced Apartment and exclude Others and Vacant Lots
In Klang Valley, a total of 69,117 residential transactions were accounted for. Among these, 61.2% (42,312 units) were priced 
below RM500,001 while residential units priced above RM500,001 made up 38.8% (26,805 units) of the total transactions.
The price segment between RM500,001 and RM1,000,000 is notably the most active, contributing the highest percentage to the 
overall transaction volume at 26.2%. This segment also demonstrates a significant CAGR of 6.6% throughout the review period.
In contrast, the residential price segment of RM1,000,000 and above accounts for approximately 12.6% of the total transaction 
volume. Within this segment, the majority consist of 2-3-storey terraces at 36.4%, followed by 2-3-storey semi-detached properties 
at 19.7%, condominiums/apartments at 19.5% and detached houses at 15.3%. This price segment boasts a higher CAGR of 7.9%, 
the highest among all price segments. Notably, it is the only segment among the significant price segments to record an increas e 
in transaction volume between 2022 and 2023, with a growth rate of 4.8%, while others experienced negative growth.
0
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
14,000
16,000
18,000
20,000
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Transaction Volume (units)
0 - 100,000 100,001 - 200,000 200,001 - 300,000 300,001 - 400,000
400,001 - 500,000 500,001 - 1,000,000 1,000,001 & Above
Transaction Volume by Price Range in Klang Valley, 2018 – 2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Excludes Serviced Apartment and Soho
5-Year 
CAGR 3.5% 5.5% 3.5% 0.8% 7.2% 4.2% 4.7% 4.3% 19.1% -3.5% 1.7% 0.3%
76
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 79 ----
Average Value Per Residential Transaction (“AVPT”) by Property Type in Klang Valley, 2018 – 2023
0
300,000
600,000
900,000
1,200,000
1,500,000
1,800,000 
2,100,000
Single Storey Terrace
2 - 3 Storey Terrace
Cluster House
Single Storey 
Semi-Detach
2 - 3 Storey 
Semi-Detach
Detach
Town House
Condominium/
Apartment
Serviced Apartment
Flat
Low-Cost House
Low-Cost Flat
Landed Non-Landed Low Cost
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
400,203
698,518
679,919
486,078
1,443,734
1,575,147
570,165
546,900
718,544
198,630
266,093
146,720
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Include Serviced Apartment and exclude Others and Vacant Lots
When comparing the primary and secondary markets, the average value per residential transaction in 2023 for the primary market 
was recorded at RM786,330, whereas for the secondary market, it stood at RM577,557. This indicates that the average value per 
residential transaction in the primary market is 1.36 times higher than that in the secondary market.
In terms of growth, the average value per residential transaction in the primary market exhibited a higher CAGR of 2.3% over th e 
review period, compared to 1.7% in the secondary market. Furthermore, in 2023, the primary market experienced notable growth 
of 9.1%, while the secondary market observed a decline of 2.2% compared to 2022.
This trend underscores the robust demand and resilience of the primary market, possibly driven by preferences for newer construction, 
modern amenities and strategic locations. The decline in the secondary market might reflect challenges such as aging property 
concerns which include additional renovation costs to be incurred, less competitive pricing, the need for a higher downpayment 
and changing buyer priorities.
The average value of residential transactions for cluster houses recorded the highest CAGR at 6.9%, primarily due to the limite d 
supply in the Klang Valley over the review period. Conversely, traditionally high-demand residential properties such as 2- to 3-storey 
terraces and condominiums/apartments have shown more modest price appreciation, with CAGRs of 1.7% and 0.6%, respectively, 
over a five-year span.
This trend is likely due to a well-supplied market which tempers price escalation, in conjunction with a competitive environmen t. 
In contrast, the serviced apartments segment has experienced a downward trend, with a negative CAGR of -2.8%, reflecting a 
decrease in the average value per transaction from RM826,623 in 2018 to RM718,544 in 2023. This shift could indicate a swift 
development pace within this market segment.
5-Year CAGR 3.2% 1.7% 6.9% 2.1% 0.0% -0.4% 2.8% 0.6% -2.8% 1.8% 4.0% 3.8%
77Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 80 ----
Residential Transaction Volume and Value in Negeri Sembilan, 2018 – 2023
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
14,000
16,000
18,000
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Volume of Transactions 13,140 12,299 10,783 9,855 12,230 16,786 17,109
Value of Transactions 3,947 3,555 2,945 2,806 4,166 5,590 5,751
Average per Transactions 300,362 289,016 273,112 284,760 340,641 332,996 336,122
100,000
150,000
200,000
250,000
300,000
350,000
400,000
0
Average Value
Per Transaction (RM)
Transaction Volume (units)
& Value (RM Million)
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Excludes Serviced Apartment and Soho
Negeri Sembilan
Residential Transaction Values and Volume
In 2023, Negeri Sembilan reported 17,109 residential transactions, amounting to a total of RM5.8 billion. This represents a y-o -y 
growth of 1.9% in transaction volume and 2.9% in transaction value, respectively. Consequently, the average value per residenti al 
transaction in 2023 experienced a slight increase to RM336,122, marking a growth of 0.9% from RM332,996 in 2022.
In Negeri Sembilan, the majority of residential transactions are landed houses, which account for approximately 84.3% of the 
market. Within this category, 2- to 3-storey terraces and 1- to 2-storey terraces are the predominant contributors, with 37.9% and 
32.9% of the transactions respectively. This predominance is primarily due to the concentration of supply in these two segments .
In terms of growth, cluster houses and 2- to 3-storey terraces have registered the highest CAGRs at 11.9% and 8.1%, respectively. Notably, 
the transaction volume for cluster houses has seen an uptick, despite this property type contributing the least to overall transactions.
700,301
637,481 603,841
690,529 720,557
786,330
531,979 520,042 538,646
589,753 590,558 577,557
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
AVPT - Primary Market AVPT - Secondary Market
Average Value Per Residential Transaction (AVPT) in the Primary and Secondary Markets in Klang Valley, 2018 – 2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Excludes Serviced Apartment and Soho
78
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 81 ----
In 2023, among the total residential transactions in Negeri Sembilan, 78.2% (13,386 units) were priced below RM500,001, while residential 
units priced above RM500,001 constituted 21.8% (3,723 units) of the total transactions. The significant volume of transactions for residential 
properties priced below RM500,001 in Negeri Sembilan indicates a strong demand for more affordable housing.
The price segment between RM200,001 and RM300,000 accounted for the highest transaction volume at 20.8%, closely followed by the 
segment between RM500,001 and RM1,000,000 at 20.6%. These segments witnessed among the highest growths in transaction volume 
in 2023 compared to 2022, at 11.2% and 8.5%, respectively. This indicates that properties within these price segments are highly sought 
after, from the affordability range to mid- to high-range properties, reflecting an upgrading trend among homeowners or investment interest 
in more premium properties.
In terms of CAGR, the price segments between RM400,001 to RM500,000, and RM500,001 to RM1,000,000, notably experienced double-
digit growths of 16.4% and 15.7%, respectively, followed by the segment between RM200,001 and RM300,000 at 8.5%. This signifies a 
rapidly growing interest and perceived value in these price ranges.
Transaction Volume by Property Type in Negeri Sembilan, 2018 – 2023
0
1,500
3,000
4,500
6,000
Single Storey Terrace
2 - 3 Storey Terrace
Cluster House
Single Storey 
Semi-Detach
2 - 3 Storey 
Semi-Detach
Detach
Town House
Condominium/
Apartment
Flat
Low-Cost House
Low-Cost Flat
Landed
Non-
Landed Low Cost
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Include Serviced Apartment and exclude Others and Vacant Lots
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Excludes Serviced Apartment and Soho
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
3,500
4,000
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
)stinU( emuloV noitcasnarT
0 - 100,000 100,001 - 200,000 200,001 - 300,000 300,001 - 400,000
400,001 - 500,000 500,001 - 1,000,000 1,000,001 & Above
Transaction Volume by Price Range in Negeri Sembilan, 2018 – 2023
5-Year 
CAGR 5.2% 8.1% 11.9% 6.2% 4.9% 4.4% 2.9% 5.7% -0.3% 5.2% 5.1%
79Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 82 ----
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
Single Storey Terrace
2-3S t o r e yT e r r a c e
Cluster House
Single Storey Semi-
Detach
2-3S t o r e yS e m i -
Detach
Detach
Town House
Condominium/
Apartment
Flat
Low-Cost House
Low-Cost Flat
Landed
Non-
Landed Low Cost
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Over the review period in Negeri Sembilan, townhouses experienced the highest CAGR in average transaction value at 15.2%, 
primarily attributed to their limited supply. In comparison, properties traditionally in high demand, such as 1- to 2-storey te rraces 
and 2- to 3-storey terraces, saw more modest price appreciations, with CAGRs of 4.5% and 3.3%, respectively, over five years. 
This trend likely stems from a well-supplied market that moderates price growth, amidst a competitive landscape. Condominiums/
apartments also exhibited a CAGR of 4.4%.
Conversely, the 2- to 3-storey semi-detached house segment witnessed a downward trend, with a negative CAGR of -1.4%, reflecting 
a decrease in the average value per residential transaction from RM828,645 in 2018 to RM778,759 in 2023. This reduction might 
suggest a shift in buyer preferences or concerns over affordability.
When comparing the primary and secondary markets, the average value per residential transaction in 2023 for the primary market 
was recorded at RM472,847, whereas, in the secondary market, it stood at RM253,325. This indicates that the average value per 
residential transaction in the primary market is 1.87 times higher than in the secondary market.
In terms of growth, the average value per residential transaction in the secondary market exhibited a higher CAGR of 2.4% over 
the review period, compared to 1.1% in the primary market. Moreover, in 2023, the secondary market experienced higher growth 
of 3.3%, while the primary market observed lower growth of 2.4% compared to 2022.
This suggests buyers are willing to pay a higher price for new constructions while the secondary market’s higher growth indicat es 
increasing interest in more affordable, existing properties. The trends imply a market where both sectors appeal to different buyer 
segments, driven by factors like affordability, location and property features.
Average Value Per Residential Transaction (“AVPT”) by Property Type in Negeri Sembilan, 2018 – 2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Include Serviced Apartment and exclude Others and Vacant Lots
5-Year 
CAGR 4.5% 3.3% 5.1% 5.9% -1.2% 0.4% 15.2% 4.0% 2.4% 6.9% 5.9%
80
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 83 ----
447,664 433,498 434,195 444,791 461,944 472,847
224,769 204,160
239,007
267,931 245,274 253,325
0
100,000
200,000
300,000
400,000
500,000
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
AVPT - Primary Market AVPT - Secondary Market
Average Value Per Residential Transaction (“AVPT”) in the Primary and Secondary Markets in Negeri Sembilan, 2018 – 2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Excludes serviced apartments and SOHO
RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY OVERHANG
Klang Valley
The year 2023 marked a clear improvement in the housing market overhang in Klang Valley. It recorded an upturn across all 
categories, with declines of 4.8% for landed residential, 3.2% for condominiums/apartments and a sharp 22.2% for serviced 
apartments, cumulating in a total reduction of 13.8% in overhang units.
From 2018 to 2023, the overhang in the housing market in Klang Valley showed an overall increase, peaking in 2021 with 17,213 
units. The rise was especially significant in the condominium/apartment and serviced apartment sectors, which consistently grew  
until 2021. The highest numbers for condominium/apartment overhang were recorded in 2021 with 8,104 units, while serviced 
apartments peaked at 8,938 units in 2022. The landed residential sector followed a more fluctuating path, ultimately showing a 
general downward trend, decreasing from 2,850 units in 2018 to 1,017 units in 2023. 
From 2018 to 2021, the percentage of total overhang units compared to the total units launched in the market showed an increasing 
trajectory, going from 17.6% to a high of 20.4%, which indicated a slowing absorption rate. Post-2021, this pattern shifted wit h 
the overall overhang percentage dipping to 17.7% in 2022 and further to 15.8% in 2023, reflecting an improved absorption rate, 
especially within the condominium/apartment and serviced apartment segments. Conversely, the landed residential segment 
exhibited an opposite trend with an overhang percentage rising from 20.6% in 2022 to 24.1% in 2023. Despite a decrease in new 
unit launches in 2023, the overhang for landed residences rose, pointing to a slower pace of absorption in this category.
Moreover, a significant portion of the overhang units is concentrated in specific districts: 44.3% of Kuala Lumpur’s total over hang 
units are in the Kuala Lumpur Town Centre, while 38.2% of Selangor’s total overhang units are located in the district of Gombak . 
The overhang units mostly consist of condominium/apartment.
81Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 84 ----
0
4,000
8,000
12,000
16,000
20,000
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Overhang Units - Landed Residential Overhang Units - Condominium / Apartment
Overhang Units - Serviced Apartment Total
1,998 2,259 2,112
1,068 1,017
4,302
5,015
5,505
8,104
6,252 6,0503,192 4,355
6,360
6,997
8,938
6,955
10,344
11,368
14,124
17,213 16,258
14,022
2,850
Residential Properties and Serviced Apartment Overhang in Klang Valley, 2018 – 2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Note: Exclude low-cost housing
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
In 2023, within the Klang Valley, condominium/apartment and serviced apartment overhang units command average overhang 
values at RM986,251 and RM830,156, respectively. Additionally, 2- to 3-storey terrace homes, which represent the most common 
residential supply in the region, have an average overhang value of RM1,129,070. These values indicate that overhang units are 
priced on the higher end of the market spectrum, as compared to the average transaction price at RM546,900, RM718,544 and 
RM698,518, respectively.
Average Value Per Transaction of Residential Properties and Serviced Apartment Overhang in Klang Valley, 2023
RM374,000
RM1,129,070
RM2,455,130
RM3,585,424
RM1,300,037
RM790,000
RM986,251
RM830,156
RM0
RM1,000,000
RM2,000,000
RM3,000,000
RM4,000,000
Single
Storey
Terrace
2 -3
Storey
Terrace
2-3
Storey
Semi-
Detach
Detach Town-
House
Cluster Condo-
minium
/Apart-
ment
Serviced
Apartment
82
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 85 ----
846 832 820
1,053
605
284
192 208 188
300 219
794
1,038 1,040 1,008
1,353
824
1,078
0
500
1,000
1,500
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Overhang Units - Landed Residential Overhang Units - Condominium / Apartment
Total
Residential Properties Overhang in Negeri Sembilan, 2018 – 2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
In 2023, Negeri Sembilan’s property overhang data revealed that condominiums/apartments, having the highest number of overhang 
units, were valued at an average of RM362,987. Meanwhile, the most sought-after residential properties, the 1- to 2-storey and 
2- to 3-storey terrace houses, had average values of RM267,471 and RM485,775, respectively.
Average Value of Residential Properties Overhang in Negeri Sembilan, 2023
0
Single Storey
Terrace
2 -3
Storey Terrace
Single Storey
Semi- Detach
2-3
Storey Semi-
Detach
Condominium /
Apartment
RM267,471
RM485,775
RM479,516
RM1,131,912
RM362,987
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
1,200,000
Negeri Sembilan
The total overhang of residential properties in Negeri Sembilan was relatively stable from 2018 to 2020, followed by a peak in 
2021 at 1,353 units. In 2022, the total overhang sharply decreased to 824 units. The year 2023 saw an increase to 1,078 units, 
largely driven by the surge in condominium/apartment overhang.
Over the past six years, the Negeri Sembilan market has efficiently absorbed the overhang of landed residential units. However,  
2023 saw a significant surge in condominium/apartment overhang units. Specifically, the overhang percentage in relation to the 
launched units for landed properties modestly increased from 11.8% in 2022 to 17.1% in 2023. In contrast, the overhang for 
condominiums/apartments jumped from 10.6% to 23.8% during the same period, leading to an overall increase in overhang from 
11.4% to 21.6% across the residential property market.
Additionally, a considerable majority of Negeri Sembilan’s overhang units are located in the Seremban district, accounting for 
81.6%. Within this, condominiums and apartments make up just over half at 50.4%, while terrace houses represent 42.9%.
83Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 86 ----
RESIDENTIAL MARKET OUTLOOK
The residential market activity in the Klang Valley has shown 
resilience in 2023 compared to the corresponding period in 
2022, while the residential market activity in Negeri Sembilan 
has witnessed an increase in both transaction volume and value. 
The overhang inventory within the Klang Valley has seen a 
substantial contraction of 13.9% compared to the last year 
(factoring in serviced apartments while excluding low-cost 
housing). This reduction signifies a notable decline in the 
overhang ratio (to total launched units), from 17.7% in 2022 
to 15.8% in 2023, indicative of strengthened market absorption. 
Conversely, Negeri Sembilan’s residential market has witnessed 
a 30.8% surge in overhang units, mainly in condominiums and 
apartments, possibly indicating a sustained preference for 
landed houses. However, it’s noteworthy that despite the 
increase in overhang percentage, the actual number of 
additional overhang units is relatively small.
The residential market presents a nuanced landscape, balancing 
potential risks with positive trends that shape the industry’s 
trajectory. With the steep increase in the prices of building 
materials translating to higher construction costs, prices for 
residential properties are set to increase moving forward. 
This, coupled with the increase in the Overnight Policy Rate 
(“OPR”) from 2.75% to 3.00% on 3 May 2023, is anticipated 
to present headwinds in the property market due to the higher 
borrowing cost.
Nonetheless, REHDA’s Property Industry Survey for 2024 
anticipates optimism for the second half of 2024 despite the 
current challenges facing the industry. Developers remain 
confident that the market will improve, driven by improved 
consumer purchasing power and residential sector expansion. 
More developers are also expected to unveil attractive 
campaigns to boost sales of unsold inventories and new 
property products. Additionally, there is a growing demand for 
a more focused approach, such as sustainable living, which 
incorporates green initiatives and the integration of renewable 
energy elements.
Under Budget 2024, tabled in October 2023, the government 
announced several significant initiatives related to housing and 
development. One key highlight was the imposition of a flat 
4.0% stamp duty on the Memorandum of Transfer (“MOT”) for 
non-citizens and foreign-owned companies, effective from 1 
January 2024, potentially helping control land and property 
prices for locals. Additionally, a fixed stamp duty fee of RM10 
will replace the previous variable rate for real estate transfer 
documents when beneficiaries relinquish their rights to eligible 
beneficiaries as per a will, Faraid, or the Distribution Act 1958. 
The government has allocated RM2.5 billion for public housing 
projects (“PPRs”) in 2024 to enhance homeownership, 
particularly in the B40 category. Furthermore, the allocation 
for the Housing Credit Guarantee Scheme has doubled from 
RM5 billion in 2023 to RM10 billion in 2024, expected to benefit 
40,000 borrowers.
Meanwhile, Sime Darby Property Bhd and Maybank have 
partnered to integrate Maybank’s Home2u financing platform 
into Sime Darby Property’s Online Booking System (“OBS”). 
This integration aims to facilitate swift home financing approval 
and offer competitive financing rates for prospective 
homebuyers, ultimately making homeownership more accessible.
The pandemic has indeed brought about a shift in buyers’ 
preferences for residential property. Given affordability 
considerations, there is a growing inclination towards landed 
properties or low-density developments with more extensive 
and spacious layouts. Many developers are now incorporating 
extra rooms or study rooms that can be converted into home 
offices, to align with the increasing trend of remote/hybrid 
work lifestyles.
The gradual recovery of the property market is expected to 
continue into 2024, supported by firmer economic growth and 
an improving job market as well as favourable government 
policies and incentives. The completion of recent infrastructure 
projects and the well-connected train lines will further support 
market activities in the development sector.
84
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 87 ----
RETAIL PROPERTY SECTOR
MARKET OVERVIEW
The retail sales in Malaysia, as recorded by the Department of Statistics Malaysia (“DOSM”), increased by 9.0% year-on-year in 
2023, reaching RM720.7 billion compared to RM661.0 billion in 2022. This commendable growth rate is mainly attributed to the 
double-digit year-on-year growth of retail sales in specialised stores, including automotive fuel (14.0%), food, beverages & tobacco 
(13.3%), and non-specialised stores such as supermarkets/hypermarkets, department stores, and convenience stores (12.0%). Among 
these, non-specialised stores accounted for the majority of total retail trade sales in 2023, contributing 38.1%.
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024f 2025f
Kuala Lumpur 26.80 28.40 28.53 29.15 30.99 31.98 33.81 34.46 35.69
Selangor 30.32 30.57 31.95 33.66 34.11 35.75 36.40 36.87 38.67
Klang Valley 57.12 58.97 60.48 62.81 65.10 67.72 70.21 71.33 74.36
Existing Supply (million sq ft)
Cumulative Supply of Retail Space in Klang Valley, 2017 - 2025 (f)
Malaysia Retail Sales Growth, 2019 – 2023, Y-o-Y change (%)
 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Retail Sales Value (million) 537,599 511,008 533,737 661,052 720,751
Y-o-Y Change (%) -4.9% 4.4% 23.9% 9.0%
-10.0%
-5.0%
0.0%
5.0%
10.0%
15.0%
20.0%
25.0%
30.0%
0
100,000
200,000
300,000
400,000
500,000
600,000
700,000
800,000
Y-o-Y Growth (%)
Retail Sales Volume (million)
Retail Sales Value (million) Y-o-Y Change (%)
Source: Knight Frank Research
(f) = Forecast
Sources: Department of Statistics Malaysia (DOSM), Knight Frank Research
85Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 88 ----
The cumulative retail space supply in Klang Valley has grown at a CAGR of 3.5% per annum, from 57.1 million sq ft in 2017 to 70 .2 
million sq ft in 2023, following the recent completions of Pavilion Damansara Heights Phase 1 (Net Lettable Area (“NLA”): 530,0 00 
sq ft) and The Exchange TRX (NLA: 1.3 million sq ft) in Kuala Lumpur as well as KSL Esplanade Mall (NLA: 650,000 sq ft) in Klan g, 
Selangor. Collectively, these retail projects added a total of 2.5 million sq ft of retail space to the market in 2023.
The Exchange TRX is set to become Kuala Lumpur’s new social hub with a committed occupancy rate of circa 95% upon its opening 
in November 2023. Redefining the luxury retail landscape, the mall will house over 500 experiential stores with Seibu, one of 
Japan’s largest department stores anchoring the retail stores. The centerpiece of The Exchange TRX, its 10-acre park is also the 
largest rooftop public park in Kuala Lumpur.
Phase 1 of Pavilion Damansara Heights Mall is part of the larger integrated development which also comprises luxury residences,  
corporate office towers and a proposed 5-star hotel. It opened on 9 October 2023 with a committed occupancy rate of 80.0%, 
offering options for fashion, food and beverage, beauty and urban leisure as well as an event gallery and entertainment hub.
KSL Esplanade Mall is planned as a “third space” with a landscaped park, a 10,000 sq ft event space, outdoor dining terrace and  
children’s play area. Envisioned to become Klang’s one-stop shopping destination, the mall achieved approximately 75% occupancy 
upon its opening.
Looking ahead, three more retail developments with a total NLA of circa 1.7 million sq ft are anticipated to enter the Klang Va lley 
retail market in 2024, namely Pavilion Damansara Heights (Phase 2) and 118 Mall in Kuala Lumpur as well as Elmina Lakeside Mall  
in Selangor.
New and Expected Completions of Retail Malls in 2023 and 2024
New Completions in 2023 Net Lettable Area (“NLA”)
Kuala Lumpur
Pavilion Damansara Heights Phase 1
The Exchange TRX 1.8 million sq ft
Selangor
KSL Esplanade Mall 0.7 million sq ft
Expected Completions in 2024 Net Lettable Area (“NLA”)
Kuala Lumpur
Pavilion Damansara Heights (Phase 2)
118 Mall 1.5 million sq ft
Selangor
Elmina Lakeside Mall 0.2 million sq ft
Source: Knight Frank Research 
Operating Landscape
86
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 89 ----
The average occupancy rates of shopping complexes (including shopping centres, hypermarkets, and arcades) in Kuala Lumpur and 
Selangor increased marginally by 0.5% and 2.3% y-o-y in 2023, registering at 83.1% and 79.3% respectively. This resulted in an 
overall occupancy increase of 2.2% in the Klang Valley.
With the changing landscape in consumer attitudes, behaviours and purchasing habits, retailers are continuously creating and 
introducing immersive experiences to drive sales and strengthen their commitment in embracing sustainability and ESG (environmental, 
social, and governance) principles.
Meanwhile, local and foreign brands continue to debut in prime shopping centres while existing retailers continue to strategise for 
expansions. Uniqlo’s first coffee kiosk in Malaysia has made its debut following the revamp of its flagship store at Fahrenheit  88. 
The remodeled three-storey shopping haven spans nearly 34,000 sq ft and features a dining area on the upper level. Adidas, a fusing 
sports, lifestyle and sustainability brand, has also unveiled Malaysia’s first ‘Home of Sports’ concept in Mid Valley Megamall.
82.7%
83.1%
77.5%
79.3%
79.8% 81.6%
60.0%
65.0%
70.0%
75.0%
80.0%
85.0%
90.0%
95.0%
100.0%
Average Ocupancy Rate (%)
Kuala Lumpur Selangor Klang Valley
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
In 2023, MTrustee Bhd, the trustee of Pavilion REIT, signed a sale and purchase agreement to acquire Pavilion Bukit Jalil Mall from 
Malton’s subsidiary, Regal Path Sdn Bhd, for RM2.2 billion. A more recent transaction includes Sunway Real Estate Investment 
Trust (SunREIT) announcing the acquisition of 163 Retail Park in Mont Kiara, Kuala Lumpur, for RM215 million.
Meanwhile, in Selangor, MRCB Sentral Properties Sdn Bhd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MRCB had entered into a sale and purchase 
agreement with PKNS for the proposed disposal of Plaza Alam Sentral Mall and the adjoining land to PKNS for a cash consideration 
of RM178 million. Pacific Trustees Berhad, trustee for and on behalf of KIP REIT, had also entered into a conditional sale and 
purchase agreement with Cahaya Serijaya Sdn Bhd for the proposed acquisition of KIPMall Kota Warisan for a purchase consideration 
of RM80 million.
Average Occupancy Rate of Shopping Complexes, 2017 – 2023
87Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 90 ----
Operating Landscape
RETAIL MARKET OUTLOOK
The increasing retail space supply, particularly in the Klang 
Valley, indicates a highly competitive retail real estate market. 
The surge in retail space, outpacing population growth, raises 
concerns about oversupply and heightened competition among 
mall owners for tenants. This is likely to lead to a dilution of the 
tenant mix as mall owners vie for the same retailers, impacting 
market differentiation. It becomes crucial for mall owners to 
focus on strategic planning, unique value propositions and 
effective tenant curation to stand out in the crowded market.
The anticipated growth from 70.2 million sq ft in 2023 to 74.3 
million sq ft by 2025 further underscores potential challenges 
in maintaining high occupancy rates and rental values. This trend 
could shift leasing dynamics, providing tenants with increased 
negotiation leverage.
In 2022, Malaysia’s retail industry rebounded strongly with a 
33.3% growth in retail sales. However, with retailers generally 
less optimistic about the spending power of consumers due to 
the higher cost of living, the country’s retail sales growth for 
the full year of 2023 was at 2.2%. Nevertheless, in 2024, the 
retail sales growth is forecasted to be at 4.0%, particularly 
supported by the expected higher retail sales growth in the first 
half of 2024.
Since the start of last year, the local retail sector has been faced 
with a more challenging environment, with local businesses 
across all sectors, including retail, grappling with labour 
shortages, mirroring the global scene. Coupled with higher 
electricity cost, the increase in the national minimum wage which 
led to rising manpower cost has also affected retailers’ sales and 
operation costs.
The rising cost of living and high inflation, which continued to 
persist throughout the year, continued to exert pressure on the 
purchasing power of consumers. Despite the inflation rate 
declining in the past quarter, it remains elevated compared to 
the long-term average. The depreciation of the Malaysian Ringgit 
also leads to higher import prices, placing a burden on consumers 
as the country is a net food importer. With weaker currency and 
elevated inflation, private consumption declines as purchasing 
power is reduced.
Ongoing policy support by the government, including the 
‘Payung Rahmah’ initiative was launched to cushion the impact 
of the rising cost of living. The government is allocating RM200 
million for the ‘Payung Rahmah’ initiative in its commitment to 
ease the rising cost of living. The government also continues to 
allocate cash assistance and incentives to boost consumer 
spending, increasing 25% from the previous year to RM10 billion.
Driven by Malaysia’s steady growth of digital consumers as well 
as the high penetration of e-wallets and digital payments, 
e-commerce is indispensable. Physical stores remain vital; 
however, consumers have come to expect a seamless shopping 
experience, online and offline. Driven by younger consumers, 
particularly the millennials and Gen Z, digital payments services/
e-wallet is projected to gather further momentum. With 
continuing labour shortages, retailers are likely to turn to 
automation, investing more heavily and strategically in digital 
infrastructure.
With the ever-evolving retail landscape, retailers and mall 
operators are increasingly re-configuring their spaces and 
embarking on asset enhancement initiatives to incorporate ESG 
principles in their business strategies. These efforts aim to 
differentiate from a saturated market apart from promoting 
experiential retail, thematic stores and promotional events, while 
also distinguishing the shopping experience from online retail 
and luring consumers to physical stores.
The overall outlook for shopping malls remains positive in terms 
of retail sales, particularly during the first half of 2024, with the 
recent Chinese New Year celebration and the upcoming Ramadan 
and Hari Raya Celebrations. Retail sales in the first quarter of 
2024 is anticipated to increase by 7.1%, as reported by the Retail 
Group Malaysia. However, it is crucial to closely monitor the 
impact of recent regulatory changes, including the increase in 
the Sales and Services Tax (SST) from 6% to 8% and the 
introduction of a luxury tax ranging from 5% to 10%, all 
implemented swiftly in the first quarter of 2024. The industry 
will be keenly observing how these changes may affect operating 
costs, consumer behaviours, product pricing, and the overall 
economy.
88
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 91 ----
OFFICE PROPERTY SECTOR
MARKET OVERVIEW
From 2017 to 2023, the cumulative supply of purpose-built office space in Klang Valley grew at a CAGR of 3.5%, from 95.6 millio n 
sq ft to 117.7 million sq ft. Following the completion of seven buildings in 2023, a total of 3.7 million sq ft of office space  was 
added to the market in Klang Valley. 
Cumulative Supply of Purpose-Built Office Space in Klang Valley, 2017 - 2023
Source: Knight Frank Research
Note:
1.  KL City: New Central Business District (formerly Golden Triangle), Old Central Business District (formerly Central Business District), KL City Centre Peripheral
2.  KL Fringe: Decentralised localities of Damansara Heights, KL Sentral, Taman Tun Dr Ismail (TTDI), Mont’ Kiara, Dutamas, Mid  Valley City, KL Eco City, KL Gateway, 
Bangsar South, Kerinchi, Pantai and Bangsar
3.  Selangor: Refers to all zones in Selangor
This follows the completions of Sunway V2 (Velocity 2) Office Tower, PNB 1194 and Merdeka 118 Tower in KL City, totaling 2.2 
million sq ft; as well as Senada Corporate Tower, Pavilion Damansara Heights Corporate Towers 3, 3A, 5, 6, 7, 8 & 9 (Phase 1), 
Pavilion Damansara Heights Corporate Tower 2 (Phase 1) and Aspire Tower in KL Fringe, totaling 1.8 million sq ft. As for Selangor, 
there were no notable new completions in 2023.
By the end of 2024, six office buildings or circa 1.7 million sq ft of supply pipeline is scheduled to come on-stream– three in  KL 
City, two in KL Fringe and another one in Selangor.
The three upcoming office buildings in the capital city include Felcra Tower, The Exchange TRX and Oxley Tower (totaling 0.7 
million sq ft) while in KL Fringe, they are TNB Gold @ Bangsar and Pavilion Damansara Heights Corporate Tower 1 (Phase 1), 
totaling 0.7 million sq ft. The only upcoming building in Selangor is Office Towers @ Atwater (0.3 million sq ft).
0.00.0
20.020.0
40.040.0
60.060.0
80.080.0
100.0100.0
120.0120.0
140.0140.0
95 .6 99.6 105 .7 107 .0
109 .9 114 .0 118 .0
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
KL City KL Fringe Selangor Total Supply
89Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 92 ----
Operating Landscape
New and Expected Completions of Purpose-built Office Space in 2023 and 2024
New Completions in 2023 Net Lettable Area (“NLA”)
Kuala Lumpur City
Sunway V2 (Velocity 2) Office Tower
PNB 1194
Merdeka 118 Tower
2.2 million sq ft
Kuala Lumpur Fringe
Senada Corporate Tower
Pavilion Damansara Heights Corporate Towers 3, 3A, 5, 6, 7, 8 & 9 (Phase 1)
Pavilion Damansara Heights Corporate Tower 2 (Phase 1)
Aspire Tower
1.8 million sq ft
Expected Completions in 2024 Net Lettable Area (“NLA”)
Kuala Lumpur City
Felcra Tower (Lot 391)
The Exchange TRX
Oxley Tower
0.7 million sq ft
Kuala Lumpur Fringe
TNB Gold, Bangsar
Pavilion Damansara Heights Corporate Tower 1 (Phase 1) 0.7 million sq ft
Selangor
Two office towers @ Atwater 0.3 million sq ft
Source: Knight Frank Research
Purpose-built Office Space and Average Occupancy Trend in Klang Valley, 2017 – 2023
40.0%
50.0%
60.0%
70.0%
80.0%
90.0%
0.0
20.0
40.0
60.0
80.0
100.0
120.0
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Supply - KL City Supply - KL Fringe Supply - Selangor
Av. Occupa ncy - KL City Av. Occupancy - KL Fringe Av. Occupancy - Selangor
Overall Av. Occupancy
Source: Knight Frank Research
90
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 93 ----
The purpose-built office space in Klang Valley continued to record a declining trend in occupancy rates reaching 73.2% in 2023,  
due to a substantial increase in new supply for the past six years. In specific areas, KL City and KL Fringe saw a slight decli ne in 
average occupancy rates, with variations of 0.8% and 2.1% y-o-y, respectively.
In contrast, the average occupancy rate of office space in Selangor improved slightly to record 73.8% in 2023 (2022: 73.6%).
The average rental rates of office space in KL City and KL Fringe were marginally higher at RM6.44 per sq ft per month and RM5.70 
per sq ft per month in 2023 respectively (2022: KL City – RM6.42 per sq ft per month; KL Fringe – RM5.63 per sq ft per month). 
This follows the completion of new buildings with improved specifications such as Merdeka 118 Tower which command higher 
average rental rates. Moving forward, the scheduled completion of more office buildings in the next one to two years will further 
widen the supply–demand gap. With existing and newly completed buildings competing for the same pool of tenants, this will 
heighten competition, resulting in a tenant-led office market.
Similarly, the average office rent in Selangor was also higher at RM4.15 per sq ft per month during the review period (2022: RM4.09 
per sq ft per month).
Average Rental Rate of Office Space, 2017 – 2023
1.00
2.00
3.00
4.00
5.00
6.00
7.00
8.00
0.00
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
KL City KL Fringe Selangor
Average Rental Rates
(RM per sq ft per month)
Source: Knight Frank Research
In 2023, three office buildings in KL City, namely Menara HSBC Leboh Ampang, Menara TM Semarak and Tower 3 @ Oxley Towers 
KLCC, were sold at a total consideration of circa RM532.8 million. There was no notable transaction in KL Fringe during the yea r 
while for Selangor, there were six notable office transactions, namely Qi Tower, Bangunan KWSP Damansara Fairway, Menara 
CelcomDigi, 3 Damansara, Menara Serba Dinamik and Tower 2 of PJ Sentral, with total consideration estimated at RM922.8 million.
91Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 94 ----
Operating Landscape
OFFICE MARKET OUTLOOK
The Klang Valley office market is anticipated to remain stable 
with modest recovery in the near to mid-term, underpinned by 
sustained demand for office spaces from various sectors such as 
technology, finance, and professional services – driven by the 
flight-to-green trend and growing awareness of ESG factors.
Moving forward, the KL City office market is expected to face 
challenges given the increase in office supply by 2.2 million sq 
ft during 2023, exerting downward pressure on both occupancy 
and rental levels. Nevertheless, with the newly completed 
Merdeka 118 reported to be almost 70% tenanted, the effective 
new supply from the new completions is expected to provide 
some relief on current downward supply pressure.
Meanwhile, the market demand for office space in KL Fringe is 
anticipated to remain stable, attributed to its established 
location, comprehensive infrastructure and limited incoming 
supply of Grade A offices. Similarly, selected decentralised office 
locations in Selangor continue to grow in popularity due to the 
availability of good-grade office space at attractive rental rates 
coupled with improved infrastructure providing easy accessibility 
and good connectivity via the fully operational MRT Line 1 and 
Line 2 as well as the existing LRT and KTM Komuter lines. In 
particular, Grade A office buildings with green certifications and 
MD (Malaysia Digital) Status are anticipated to experience better 
demand. Thus, both rental and occupancy levels within KL Fringe 
and Selangor are expected to be insulated by the presence of 
sustained demand.
The government has also introduced various subsidies and 
incentives under the revised Budget 2023 and Budget 2024 to 
support the business industry. Highlights include the designation 
of TRX as Malaysia’s international financial hub and special 
economic zone to attract high-quality foreign investment; the 
extension of Green Investment Tax Allowance (“GITA”) and Green 
Income Tax Exemption (“GITE”) until December 2025 to 
encourage sustainable initiatives; and the Global Services Hub 
(“GSH”) incentive to boost Malaysia’s competitiveness as a 
leader in the global services sector.
Selected REITs or landlords of well-located buildings, which are 
dated and older, continue to shift their focus on asset 
management and enhancement initiatives by refurbishing/
revamping their office buildings. They are also motivated to 
offer attractive leasing packages that are centred on tenant 
retention to improve their market competitiveness and attract 
new occupiers.
Co-working spaces continue to gain popularity amongst larger 
corporate clients as organisations continue to adopt hybrid 
workstyles, in addition to traditional clientele such as independent 
professionals, micro, small, and medium enterprises (“MSMEs”)
and some multinational corporations (“MNCs”). Demand for co-
working and flexible spaces will continue to be sustained, 
accommodating evolving work models, primarily due to the 
flexibility they provide in terms of scalability and cost-
effectiveness, which is highly valued in the post-COVID era. In 
response to the rising demand, co-working operators are 
expanding their presence and offering comprehensive and hybrid 
work solutions that appeal to both SMEs and MNCs.
92
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 95 ----
INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY SECTOR
MARKET OVERVIEW
Malaysia’s manufacturing sector recorded continuous growth in 2023, with the Industrial Production Index (IPI) rising from 138. 5 
to 143.2 points. This growth was primarily attributed to the categories of 1) food, beverage & tobacco, 2) petroleum, chemical,  
rubber and plastic products and 3) electrical and electronic products.
8.0%120
10.0%140
-4.0%0
-2.0%20
0.0%40
2.0%60
4.0%80
6.0%100
110.7 116.0 120.1 116.9 128.1 138.5 143.2
6.1%
4.8%
3.6%
9.5%
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
8.2%
2.7%
3.4%
Industrial Production Index (“IPI”) For Manufacturing Sector, Malaysia
Sources: Department of Statistics Malaysia (“DOSM”), Knight Frank Research
In 2023, the pace of global trade expansion slowed, influenced by several factors including diminished commodity prices, geopolitical 
tensions, rising inflation and a downturn in the semiconductor industry. Notably, the lower prices of commodities such as crude  
palm oil, crude petroleum and liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) impacted trade performance. Additionally, geopolitical uncertaintie s, 
such as tensions between the United States and China, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, and Middle East disputes, adversely affected  
the global economy, including reduced demand for products. High inflation worldwide also diminished the purchasing power of 
consumers in importing countries.
As a result, Malaysia’s total exports, imports, and trade balance for the year stood at RM1,425.7 billion, RM1,211.6 billion, a nd 
RM214.1 billion, respectively. Compared to 2022, there was a decline of 8.0% in total export value and a 6.4% decrease in total  
import value. Consequently, the trade balance experienced a 16.4% negative growth.
Despite these global economic challenges, Malaysia’s trade performance remained strong, with the trade balance surpassing the 
RM2 trillion mark for the third consecutive year since 2021. Exports exceeded RM1 trillion for the third consecutive year, whil e 
imports also achieved a significant milestone by crossing the RM1 trillion threshold for the second time. Furthermore, the nati on’s 
trade outcomes aligned closely with the Ministry of Finance’s Economic Outlook 2024 forecasts, achieving 100.1%, 99.7%, and 
100.5% of the projected trade, exports, and imports figures, respectively.
93Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 96 ----
Operating Landscape
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Klang Valley 5,758.0 19,114.5 17,214.4 19,731.7 7,789.4 12,347.1 19,379.0
Negeri Sembilan 1,106.5 2,430.8 3,565.7 6,178.6 2,901.2 7,132.0 7,601.7
Johor 21,927.8 30,514.7 11,455.2 6,784.3 6,953.2 14,582.5 14,617.3
Y-o-Y Growth (Klang Valley) -28.6% 232.0% -9.9% 14.6% -60.5% 58.5% 57.0%
Y-o-Y Growth (Negeri Sembilan) -42.3% 119.7% 46.7% 73.3% -53.0% 145.8% 6.6%
Y-o-Y Growth (Johor) -17.0% 39.2% -62.5% -40.8% 2.5% 109.7% 0.2%
-100%
-50%
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
250%
0.0
5,000.0
10,000.0
15,000.0
20,000.0
25,000.0
30,000.0
35,000.0
Y-o-Y Growth (%)
Approved Manufacturing
Investment (RM Million)
Approved Manufacturing Investments in Klang Valley, Negeri Sembilan and Johor
995.1 983.8
1,241.0
1,550.0
1,425.7
849.4 800.5
987.3
1,293.8 1,211.6
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
1,200
1,400
1,600
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Total Exports Total Imports Trade Balance
Trade Balance (RM billion)
Exports/Imports (RM billion)
145.7
183.3
214.1
253.7 256.2
External Trade in Malaysia, 2015 to 2023
Sources: Department of Statistics Malaysia (DOSM), Knight Frank Research
Sources: MIDA, Knight Frank Research
APPROVED MANUFACTURING INVESTMENT
The approved manufacturing investments in the three selected states have shown a y-o-y increasing trend in 2023. In the Klang 
Valley, particularly in Selangor, investments have surged by 58.2% to RM19.31 billion, marking the highest increase among the 
states. Selangor’s investment growth contributed 12.7% to Malaysia’s total approved manufacturing investments, owing to its 
well-developed infrastructure supporting major industry clusters and strategic locations.
On the other hand, Negeri Sembilan experienced a growth of 6.6% to RM7.60 billion, marking the highest investment achieved in 
the state. Johor, following a remarkable growth in approved manufacturing investment in 2022 with a surge of 110% or slightly 
more than two-fold, saw a slight increase of 0.2%.
The majority of approved manufacturing investments are contributed by foreign direct investment. Selangor accounted for 70.8% 
of such contributions, Negeri Sembilan 79.1% and Johor 64.5%.
94
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 97 ----
CUMULATIVE SUPPLY OF READY-BUILT FACTORY IN KLANG VALLEY, NEGERI SEMBILAN & JOHOR
In 2023, the total number of ready-built factory units in the Klang Valley, Negeri Sembilan, and Johor reached 71,925. Selangor  
accounted for the largest share at 58.5% (42,008 units), followed by Johor at 26.7% (19,205 units), Negeri Sembilan at 7.7% (5,574 
units), and Kuala Lumpur at 7.1% (5,138 units).
Since 2017, the industrial property market in the Klang Valley has shown strength, with an increase of 1,510 ready-built factor y 
units by 2023. Johor, similarly, has seen a significant rise in industrial property availability, with an additional 1,660 unit s during 
this period. Negeri Sembilan, on the other hand, has seen more modest growth, adding only 97 industrial properties.
In the Klang Valley, the bulk of incoming developments are in Selangor, totaling 3,643 units, while Kuala Lumpur has 37 units. 
Within Selangor’s incoming units, 41.7% (1,518 units) are under construction, and 58.3% (2,125 units) are in the planning stage , 
with a significant concentration in the Klang district, which represents 46.4% (1,708 units) of the total.
Negeri Sembilan is expecting 184 ready-built factories, with an additional 659 units under planning, predominantly in the Seremban 
District. Johor’s future industrial property supply is estimated at 578 units, with 508 units currently in the pipeline and 70 units in 
the planning stages. The majority of this future supply is located in the districts of Johor Bahru, holding a 44.1% share (255 units), 
and Kulai, with a 19.4% share (112 units).
Some of the notable upcoming industrial projects include Sime Darby Property’s E-Metro Logistics Hub (Metro Hub 1 & 2) in Bandar 
Bukit Raja 2, COMPASS industrial park in Kota Seri Langat, Mah Sing Business Park in Serenia City, Eco Business Park V in Kuala  
Selangor, Sunsuria Kejora Business Park in Puncak Alam and NCT Smart Industrial Park in Sepang.
Cumulative Supply of Ready-Built Factories in Klang Valley, Negeri Sembilan & Johor
63,000
64,000
65,000
66,000
67,000
68,000
69,000
70,000
71,000
72,000
73,000
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
500
Existing Supply (units)
New Completion (units)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
New Completion - Klang Valley 211 335 245 179 205 201 134
New Completion - Negeri Sembilan 53 0 0 0 28 16 0
New Completion - Johor 442 453 232 109 10 58 356
Cumulative Supply 66,460 67,861 69,036 69,729 70,558 70,682 71,925
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
95Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 98 ----
Operating Landscape
Transaction Volume & Value of Ready-Built Factories in Klang Valley, Negeri Sembilan & Johor
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Volume-Klang Valley 1,507 1,737 1,722 1,270 1,604 2,233 2,144
Volume-Negeri Sembilan 180 192 155 183 217 331 341
Volume-Johor 565 614 724 458 534 744 1,029
Value-Klang Valley 4.89 6.20 6.37 3.94 5.33 7.20 8.03
Value-Negeri Sembilan 0.29 0.36 0.23 0.31 0.43 0.50 0.71
Value-Johor 1.18 1.39 1.55 1.50 1.63 2.85 2.78
0.00
1.00
2.00
3.00
4.00
5.00
6.00
7.00
8.00
9.00
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
TRANSACTION VOLUME & VALUE
Since 2017, Klang Valley has witnessed a steady demand for ready-built factories, with annual sales varying between 1,270 and 
2,233 units. By 2023, the region achieved a cumulative sale of 12,217 units, totaling RM41.9 billion in value. The total transa ction 
volume in 2023 experienced a slight decrease of 4.0%, although the value increased by 11.5%. Terraced factories/warehouses 
dominated the market, accounting for 60.8% of the transactions, followed by semi-detached (23.8%) and detached factories/
warehouses (14.0%), with industrial complexes contributing 1.4%. Klang and Petaling districts emerged as the most significant 
areas for industrial activity.
In Negeri Sembilan, there were 1,599 transactions of ready-built factories over the review period, with a total value of RM2.8 
billion. In 2023, the transaction volume and value were recorded at 341 units and RM0.71 billion, respectively, marking increas es 
of 3.0% and 41.9% compared to 2022. Terraced factories/warehouses represented 62.5% of these transactions in 2023, mostly 
located in Seremban.
Johor saw 4,668 transactions of ready-built factories valued at RM12.88 billion during the same period. In 2023, Johor’s indust rial 
property transactions surged remarkably by 38.3% from 744 units in 2022 to 1,029 units, with the highest demand observed for 
semi-detached (45.5%) and terraced (33.6%) units. Johor Bahru was the district with the most industrial activity. This uptick aligns 
with the increase in approved manufacturing investments in 2022, which doubled the investment received in 2021.
The industrial sector has garnered significant interest in recent years, driven by the expansion of e-commerce and the logistic s 
industry. Interest remains high, particularly in integrated and managed industrial parks as well as logistics hubs. Despite the sector 
attracting considerable attention over the past three years, there is a risk of oversupply. However, niche industrial developme nts 
tailored to specific needs, such as managed industrial parks with centralised labour quarters or data center technology parks,
 are becoming increasingly popular, diverging from generic industrial offerings.
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
96
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 99 ----
OVERVIEW OF READY-BUILT, BUILT-TO-SUIT FACTORY DEVELOPMENT AND THE LOGISTIC SUB-SECTOR
Malaysia attracted RM329.4 billion worth of approved investments in the manufacturing, services and primary sectors, expected 
to generate 127,322 new job opportunities, representing a record-high increase of 23.0% y-o-y (2022: RM267.7.0 billion) in 2023 . 
Malaysia continues to attract high-quality investments in the manufacturing sector, with approved investments in the sector 
accounting for RM151.9 billion or 46.1% share of the total approved investment across various economic sectors in 2023 (2022: 
RM84.2 billion). The government’s dedicated efforts in enhancing the capacity of high-value and technology-advanced industries 
have also positioned the country as the ideal destination for attracting foreign and domestic investments.
InvestKL achieved a groundbreaking milestone in 2023 by attracting a record setting RM8.7 billion in foreign direct investments . 
This impressive figure marks an astounding increase of over 300% from the RM2.8 billion recorded in 2022, demonstrating solid 
confidence among foreign investors in Malaysia’s economic potential. The surge in investments was driven by twelve leading global 
corporations from the Americas, Europe, and Asia regions. From the Americas, technology and consulting services took the lead, 
reflecting a strong interest in Malaysia’s digital economy. European investments encompassed healthcare technologies, financial  
services, and infrastructure, showcasing the region’s focus on innovation and sustainable development. Asian contributions  
were notably diverse, with investments spanning automotive, environmental services, healthcare devices, as well as travel and 
tourism. Overall, these investments generated 8,329 high-skilled jobs, marking a substantial increase from the 2,805 positions 
created in 2022.
The volume and value of industrial properties in Malaysia had risen since 2017, before dipping in 2020, and rebounding in 2021 
to subsequently record at 8,082 transactions in 2022. In 2023, the transaction volume of industrial properties in Malaysia continued 
to increase to 8,157 units with Selangor, the country’s most industrialised state, continued to be the significant contributor,  
accounting for 31.8% of the nation’s industrial transaction volume.
Transaction Volume and Value for Industrial Properties in Malaysia, 2017 – 2023
Y ear 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Volume (units) 5,725 6,032 6,261 4,758 5,595 8,082 8,157
Value (RM bil) 11,642.37 15,012.61 14,845.67 12,763.30 16,964.38 21,164.22 23,937.7
Sources: NAPIC, Knight Frank Research
97Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 100 ----
Several notable projects were approved in the manufacturing 
sector, including the notable investment amounting to RM1.3 
billion from China’s Tenpower to construct a manufacturing plant 
in Banting across 48 acres of industrial land in November 2023. 
DHL Supply Chain is looking to invest up to £350 million (RM1.74 
billion) in Southeast Asia, of which Malaysia will receive the 
biggest investment of up to £131 million (RM666.59 million). 
Shanghai-listed LONGi Green Energy Technology Co is setting 
up a solar photovoltaic (“PV”) manufacturing facility in Selangor, 
with a total of RM1.8 billion capital investment as part of 
its Malaysian expansion plan. Dialog Group Bhd and Hong 
Kong-listed Morimatsu International Holdings Co Ltd will spend 
RM250.0 million for the expansion of their joint venture 
company’s engineering and fabrication facilities in Pengerang, 
Johor.
Real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) continued to expand their 
portfolio into the thriving industrial segment. This includes 
CapitaLand Malaysia’s acquisition of a single-storey detached 
warehouse in Hicom-Glenmarie Industrial Park, Shah Alam, to 
be transformed into a temperature-controlled distribution center 
via a convert-to-suit exercise. Additionally, the REIT company 
marked its entry into Malaysia’s industrial segment with the 
acquisition of three freehold industrial factories in Johor’s 
Nusajaya Tech Park for a purchase consideration of RM270.0 
million. Atrium REIT is also acquiring five blocks of single-storey 
factories and a double-storey office building in Klang. Meanwhile, 
Sunway REIT has also expanded into the industrial segment with 
its acquisition of an industrial property located at Bukit Tengah 
Industrial Park, Prai, Penang, for a purchase consideration of 
RM66.8 million.
Logistics/Warehousing plays a pivotal role in facilitating the 
movement of goods both domestically and internationally, 
serving as a crucial element in the modern economy. In addition 
to fostering trade relationships with other nations, it serves as 
a vital catalyst for economic sectors like manufacturing, 
agriculture, and retail. This, in turn, generates positive ripple 
effects, including enhanced market reach and increased 
employment opportunities. Looking ahead, as trade continues 
to expand, the logistics sector is anticipated to experience 
growth, supported by strong demand for warehouse and 
distribution facilities as well as capitalising on the surge in the 
e-commerce market and rapid digital adoption.
There were several completions of warehouses/distribution 
centres during 2023, namely Symphony Warehouse in Shah Alam, 
LYL Logistic Park @ U10 Shah Alam (Phase 2), Bukit Raja 
International Industrial Complex (Phase 1) in Klang and the 
redevelopment of Bukit Raja Distribution Centre 2 in Shah Alam.
There are also several notable logistics-related announcements 
during 2023 that showcase the attractiveness of the country as 
a strategic investment destination. IJM Corp Bhd’s wholly-owned 
subsidiary IJM RE Sdn Bhd has inked a joint-venture (“JV”) 
agreement with FMM Elmina Sdn Bhd to develop two logistics 
hubs on a 22-acre freehold site in City of Elmina via a special 
purpose vehicle (“SPV”), Exio Logistics Sdn Bhd. The SPV is 
responsible for the construction and development of the hubs, 
scheduled to commence in early 2024. Upon completion, the 
hubs to be known as Storio Hub 1 and Storio Hub 2 with a 
combined floor space of 500,000 sq ft and a capacity of 110,000 
pallet positions, will be fully leased to Storio Sdn Bhd. The hubs, 
which incorporate technology and Environmental, Social and 
Governance (“ESG”) principles, will employ automated storage 
and retrieval system (“ASRS”) alongside automated guided 
vehicles (“AGVs”) to reduce carbon footprint through optimised 
operations.
Daiso Malaysia, in collaboration with Kajima-Suncon, will be 
investing RM1 billion to build its largest global distribution 
centre (“GDC”) in Port Klang, which will also be Daiso’s second 
international hub after China. The distribution hub is expected 
to commence construction in May 2024 and be operational in 
January 2027.
The demand for ready-built industrial properties is there to grow, 
with more and more launches seen in recent years. SDPLOG, a 
joint-venture between Sime Darby Property Bhd and LOGOS SE 
Asia Pte Ltd, has signed J&T Distribution Solutions Sdn Bhd as 
the first tenant for Metrohub 2. It is one of the first two facilities 
at E-Metro Logistics Park - Metrohub 1 and Metrohub 2 with 
1.1 million sq ft and 824,000 sq ft in gross lettable area 
respectively. Metrohub 2 will consist of two ready-built 2-storey 
blocks, offering a versatile and multi-tenanted logistics facility 
with 7 warehouse spaces that range from 75,000 sq ft. to 
230,000 sq ft. The state-of-the-art facility will offer an utility 
capacity of 300 Amps to cater for automation, a 12m width ramp 
access, loading bays with dock leveler, NFPA standards, 
98
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 101 ----
ESFR sprinkler system and other state-of-the-art facilities.  
It is expected to be completed in 1H2024. NCT Smart Industrial 
Park (“NSIP”), Selangor’s first certified managed industrial park 
is located in Sepang within the state’s Integrated Development 
Region. Spread over 300 hectares, the GreenRE-certified 
development has an estimated GDV of RM10 billion and will be 
developed over three phases. The first phase, with expected 
completion by early 2025, has a GDV of about RM2 billion and 
will offer a mix of semi-detached factories, detached factories 
and link-detached factories as well as 27 vacant industrial lots 
(total of 101 units/plots). The first phase has reportedly achieved 
circa 40% bookings as of June 2023. With the support of Invest 
Selangor, Malaysian Investment Development Authority (“MIDA”) 
and Ministry of Investment, Trade and Industry (“MITI”), NSIP 
has successfully secured its first foreign investor, YP Technology 
Development Co Ltd (Yue Pu), for the purchase of a 48.05-acre 
land plot.
COMPASS @ Kota Seri Langat, a master development spanning 
220 acres of freehold land, is expected to yield a gross 
development value (“GDV”) of RM1.2 billion. The 59-acre 
COMPASS SME Precinct, which offers ready-built factories and 
warehouses sized from 3,600 sq ft to 50,000 sq ft, commenced 
construction on 17 February 2023. Meanwhile, the 120-acre 
green-certified, managed industrial precinct, known as the 
COMPASS Industrial & Logistics Park, caters to build-to-suit or 
customised warehouses and manufacturing lots. Rivertree Group 
has also launched its maiden industrial project, known as Esteem 
Business Park in Klang, with an expected GDV of RM180 million. 
The 2-phase project sits on a 4.06-hectare land and will offer 39 
industrial units with innovative flexi-space and super-sized jumbo 
factory space. Phases 1 and 2 of the projects are targeted to be 
completed in 2025 and 2026 respectively.
Malaysia, home to some 47 data centres, continues to receive 
investments for data centres, driven by rapid hyper-scale 
investments and strong co-location demands. In 2023, it has 
emerged as one of the top destinations for data centre 
investments among the SEA-5 with approximately 570MW of IT 
capacity take-up (inclusive data centres that are in the pipeline). 
The supply of data centres in Malaysia is forecast to grow by 
average 15% per annum over the next five years with the 
potential to become a data centre infrastructure hub for 
Southeast Asia.
Cyberjaya, with affordable land prices, reliable power 
infrastructure and proximity to the capital city, has emerged as 
the key data centre hub serving the rest of Malaysia. Notable 
data centre players in Cyberjaya include Equinix – will be opening 
a new facility, known as KL1, in the first quarter of 2024 with 
an additional investment of more than RM462 million (USD100 
million); Vantage Data Centers - has announced plans to invest 
an additional USD3 billion (circa RM13.32 billion) to build a 
second data centre mega campus, dubbed KUL2, on 35 acres of 
land; Gaw Capital and A3 Capital - joined forces to develop two 
greenfield sites with combined land area of 12,490 sq m (circa 
134,441 sq ft) which will be managed by Infinaxis; and Time 
dotCom Berhad - entered into a strategic partnership with 
DigitalBridge Group, Inc. to expand its AIMS Data Centre 
Business across Asia with Time and Digital Bridge holding 30% 
and 70% stakes respectively for the main campus in Cyberjaya 
alongside a key retail data centre in Kuala Lumpur CBD.
NTT Global Data Centers Corporation has also launched its sixth 
data centre on its Cyberjaya campus – Cyberjaya 6 (“CBJ6”), 
with an investment of over RM234 million. DAMAC Group, a 
luxury real estate developer in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), 
is also eyeing a 1.2-hectare land in Cyberjaya to establish its 
data centre with an investment value of RM250 million, focusing 
on retail and enterprise customers.
In Johor, foreign data centre operators are actively setting-up 
their facilities in Johor Bahru. Sunway Construction Group Bhd 
has accepted the Letter of Initial Appointment with a contract 
sum of RM192.9 million from K2 Data Centres as an instruction 
to commence and complete the works for a new data centre in 
Sedenak Tech Park. Crescendo Corporation Bhd announced three 
proposed disposals involving lands in Nusa Cemerlang Industrial 
Park to ST Telemedia Global Data Centres, Yu Ao and Microsoft, 
to be developed with data centres. Meanwhile, Nvidia Corp, 
through collaboration with YTL Power International Bhd, is 
building an AI infrastructure, with the first phase of the data 
centre expected to commence operations by the middle of 2024.
99Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 102 ----
INDUSTRIAL MARKET OUTLOOK
The sustained momentum of the industrial property market is 
expected to continue in the near term, supported by continual 
economic growth, better logistics infrastructure, an improving 
job market as well as the presence of favourable government 
policies and incentives. In line with the government’s commitment 
to being pro-business, pro-investment and pro-trade, MITI and 
other relevant government agencies are prepared to enhance 
stronger ties with investors that bring in hi-tech and quality 
investments to help create better-paying jobs for Malaysians.
The completion of the West Coast Expressway (“WCE”) by March 
2025 and the East Coast Rail Link (“ECRL”) by 2027 is anticipated 
to improve connectivity between industrial areas along these 
routes, boosting demand for logistics and warehouse space. In 
July 2023, MyHSR Corporation Sdn Bhd (“MyHSR Corp”) initiated 
a Request For Information (“RFI”) exercise to gather concept 
proposals for the Kuala Lumpur-Singapore high-speed rail
(KL-Singapore HSR) project through a public-private partnership 
model, based on the Design-Finance-Build-Operate-Transfer 
(“DFBOT”) model. By the submission deadline of 15 January 
2024, MyHSR Corp received proposals from seven local and 
international consortia, comprising 31 firms. The revival of the 
KL-Singapore HSR is expected to drive economic development, 
create jobs and offer business opportunities across key centers 
and industrial parks in Peninsular Malaysia.
According to the World Competitiveness Ranking 2023 report, 
Malaysia was ranked 27 in the world’s most competitive 
economies among 64 global economies, mainly backed by its 
economic recovery, investment growth and the employment 
market. This reflects that the regulatory environment in the 
country is conducive to the commencement and operation 
of a firm.
Multiple economic initiatives have also been unveiled to further 
drive the country’s industrial sector. In the pursuit of a sustainable 
and prosperous future, the government has rolled out the 
National Energy Transition Roadmap (“NETR”) with ten flagship 
catalyst projects covering six energy transition levers namely, 
energy efficiency (“EE”), renewable energy (“RE”), hydrogen, 
bioenergy, green mobility as well as carbon capture, utilisation 
and storage (“CCUS”) in July 2023. These flagship projects are 
expected to attract investment of more than RM25 billion, create 
23,000 job opportunities and reduce GHG emissions by more 
than 10,000 gigagrams CO2 equivalent per year.
Another government initiative that was launched on 1 September 
2023 is the New Industrial Master Plan 2030 (“NIMP 2030”) 
which aims to attract new high-quality, high-tech and green-tech 
investments in Malaysia and ensure that the country remains at 
the forefront of the manufacturing sector. The goals of NIMP 
2030 include increasing economic complexity, creating high-value 
job opportunities, extending domestic linkages, developing new 
& existing clusters, improving inclusivity and enhancing ESG 
(environmental, social and governance) practices. It is also 
expected to create opportunities for the country’s SMEs (small 
and medium-sized enterprises) to grow in the manufacturing 
sector. The ESG elements are further emphasised in NIMP 2030 
through the introduction of the four new growth areas, namely 
advanced materials, electric vehicles, renewable energy, as well 
as carbon capture, utilisation and storage (“CCUS”).
The trajectory of ESG integration in Klang Valley’s industrial real 
estate sector appears promising as we look ahead. The 
groundwork laid by the state government’s progressive policies, 
burgeoning green initiatives, and increased corporate 
responsibility have set the stage for continued growth in 
sustainable development. The region’s strategic location, 
coupled with a burgeoning demand for sustainable facilities, 
positions Klang Valley as a focal point for future ESG-led 
industrial investments. The integration of ESG principles must 
also be ingrained into the fabric of decision-making processes, 
investment strategies, and operational practices. By doing so, 
Klang Valley can not only enhance its reputation as a hub for 
sustainable industrial development but also contribute to 
Malaysia’s broader goals of achieving a greener and more 
inclusive future.
With the emerging trend and growing awareness on ESG, more 
developers have introduced various forms of well-planned and 
professionally managed industrial developments that incorporate 
sustainable features/practices and advanced technology 
adoption such as agro-industrial park (“AIP”), eco-industrial park 
(“EIP”) and smart industrial park (“SIP”) to reduce carbon 
footprint and energy usage.
100
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 103 ----
Sime Darby Property is planning to develop the 949 acres of 
land they acquired in Kapar into Bandar Bukit Raja IV (BBR 4), 
expanding the existing BBR 1, 2 & 3, with a focus on environmental 
and social responsibility. BBR 4 aims to offer a secure industrial 
development with waste management and value-added 
infrastructure. In addition, Elmina Business Park by Sime Darby 
Property, a 1,500-acre freehold master-planned industrial 
township located in Sungai Buloh which forms an integral part 
of the acclaimed City of Elmina project, will also feature a 
Managed Industrial Park zone that offers plots of land suitable 
for small and medium-sized industries, measuring between 1 and 
3 acres.
On the other hand, the one-stop centre for investment-related 
matters, Invest Malaysia Facilitation Centre (“IMFC”) started its 
operations on 1 December 2023. Established by the MITI, it aims 
to expedite the processes of various approvals including 
providing advisory services as well as advice to the business 
community and investors. Besides its role in achieving the 
objectives of the NIMP 2030, IMFC will also contribute to efforts 
to make Malaysia a premier investor-friendly and business-
friendly destination in the region.
Notable highlights in the National Budget 2024 which was tabled 
on 13 October 2023 include the allocation of up to 10% of the 
total NIMP investment (RM200 million) as a catalyst for a 2024 
start-up fund to accelerate the NIMP mission; the allocation of 
funds up to RM1.5 billion by Government-Linked Companies 
(“GLCs”) and Government-Linked Investment Companies 
(“GLICs”) to encourage start-ups (including bumiputera SMEs) 
to venture into High-Growth, High-Value (“HGHV”) fields such 
as digital economy, space technology and Electrical & Electronics 
(“E&E”); and the allocation of RM50 million as a matching grant 
with the Port Klang Authority to maintain Jalan Port Klang while 
enforcing the overload limit on heavy vehicles. The government 
will also continue to improve and develop the implementation 
of the Corporate Green Power Programme to drive investment 
in renewable energy capacity to achieve the target of 70% 
renewable energy capacity by 2050.
Collectively, these federal and state initiatives and measures, 
such as First Selangor Plan 2021 – 2025 (“RS-1”), Integrated 
Development Region In South Selangor (“IDRISS”), NETR and 
NIMP 2030, aim to spur industrial growth in the near term and 
enhance the capacity of high-value and technology-advanced 
industries, positioning the country as the ideal destination for 
attracting domestic and foreign direct investments as well as 
empowering SMEs in driving the country’s economic growth.
Moving forward, the industrial sector is expected to continue 
growing, specifically in the prioritised industries and key growth 
areas - backed by normalisation of economic activities as well 
as the positive spill-over effects from continued improvement 
in external demand. The country is also committed to revive the 
economy with digitalisation and attract new high-quality, high-
tech and green-tech investments. With the latest Malaysia 
strategic vision, the industrial environment will pivot and foster 
a conducive business landscape environment that will 
subsequently support economic growth with environmental and 
social responsibility.
101Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 104 ----
KEY REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS IN 2023
The table below include a range of initiatives and regulations announced by the Malaysia government, with the aim to stimulate 
the property market and support low- and middle-income groups. 
Initiatives/Regulations Description
Residential
Stamp Duty on 
Memorandum of Transfer
Under Budget 2024, the government will impose a flat rate of 4.0% stamp duty on Memorandum 
of Transfer (“MOT”) for non-citizens and foreign-owned companies starting 1 January 2024. This 
will potentially help to control land and property prices for locals.
A fixed stamp duty fee of RM10 will also be introduced to replace the previous variable rate for 
real estate transfer documents where beneficiaries are relinquishing their rights to eligible 
beneficiaries in accordance with a will, Faraid, or the Distribution Act 1958.
Low-cost housing The government has allocated RM2.5 billion under Budget 2024 for public housing projects 
(“PPRs”) in 2024 to boost homeownership, especially in the B40 category.
Housing Credit Guarantee 
Scheme (“HCGC”)
The allocation for Housing Credit Guarantee Scheme will be doubled under Budget 2024, from 
RM5 billion in 2023 to RM10 billion in 2024. This allocation is expected to benefit 40,000 
borrowers.
The scheme was first announced under Budget 2022 to encourage homeownership and aims to 
help first-time home buyers of low/medium/affordable categories who do not have a fixed 
income, such as gig workers, independent business owners, and small traders or entrepreneurs.
Electric Vehicle (“EV”) Several electric vehicle (“EV”) incentives were unveiled under Budget 2024 as part of Putrajaya’s 
initiatives to facilitate the energy transition process. The Federal Administration is planning to 
begin using electric vehicles as official vehicles. The Government also welcomes investment of 
more than RM170 million by leading companies such as TNB, Gentari and Tesla Malaysia to install 
180 EV charging stations.
Individual income tax relief of up to RM2,500 on expenses for EV charging facilities will be 
extended for a period of 4 years while tax deduction for EV rental costs will also be extended 
for a period of 2 years.
The local government development ministry (“KPKT”) has also recently released a comprehensive 
set of guidelines for electric vehicle charging bays to facilitate the growth of EV market in the 
country. 
Retail
Sales and Service Tax 
(“SST”) Rate Hike & Luxury 
Tax
The proposed Sales and Service Tax (“SST”) rate will increase from 6% to 8% effective 1 March 
2024. This, coupled with the introduction of a 5% to 10% luxury tax and restructuring of subsidies, 
may dampen growth in the retail market and impact the entire supply chain. The rising operational 
costs of retailers will potentially lead to retail price adjustments, which ultimately impact 
consumers.
‘Payung Rahmah’ Initiative 
& Rahmah Cash Aid
The government is allocating RM200 million for the ‘Payung Rahmah’ initiative under Budget 
2024 in its commitment to ease the rising cost of living.
The government will also continue to allocate Rahmah Cash Aid (“STR”), a cash assistance and 
incentives, to boost consumer spending, increasing 25% from RM8 billion in 2023 to RM10 billion 
in 2024.
102
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 105 ----
Initiatives/Regulations Description
Industrial
Integrated Development 
Region in South Selangor 
(“IDRISS”)
IDRISS is a post-pandemic initiative to stimulate the state economic growth through the integrated 
investment development by private developer, outlined in the First Selangor Plan 2021-2025 
(“RS-1”), covering 20,000 hectares across Sepang and Kuala Langat districts with an expected 
gross development value of RM1 trillion.
Five incentives were introduced at the IDRISS launch in March 2023 to drive development, 
including a special premium scheme, interest-free instalment payments for development charges, 
vacant land assessment tax exemption, a 50% discount in vacant building assessment tax and 
business license fee exemption. These incentives aim to motivate developers and landowners to 
take a more proactive stance in the development of vacant lands within these regions, which 
will eventually stimulate the economic activity of the region, providing more job opportunities.
New Industrial Master Plan 
2030 (“NIMP 2030”)
NIMP 2030 was launched on 1 September 2023. It aims to attract new high-quality, high-tech 
and green-tech investments in Malaysia and ensure that the country remains at the forefront of 
the manufacturing sector. The goals of this master plan include increasing economic complexity, 
creating high-value job opportunities, extending domestic linkages, developing new & existing 
clusters, improving inclusivity and enhancing ESG practices. It is also expected to create 
opportunities for the country’s SMEs (small and medium-sized enterprises) to grow in the 
manufacturing sector.
The ESG elements are further emphasised in NIMP 2030 through the introduction of the four 
new growth areas, namely advanced materials, electric vehicles, renewable energy, as well as 
carbon capture, utilisation and storage.
Under Budget 2024, there will also be an allocation of up to 10% of the total NIMP investment 
as a catalyst to drive NIMP mission with an initial fund of RM200 million in 2024.
National Energy Transition 
Roadmap (“NETR”)
NETR is rolled out in July 2023 with ten flagship catalyst projects covering six energy transition 
levers namely, energy efficiency, renewable energy, hydrogen, bioenergy, green mobility as well 
as carbon capture, utilisation and storage. These flagship projects are expected to attract 
investment of more than RM25 billion, create 23,000 job opportunities and reduce GHG emissions 
by more than 10,000 gigagrams CO2 equivalent per year.
Corporate Green Power 
Programme
The government will continue to improve and develop the implementation of the Corporate 
Green Power Programme to drive investment in renewable energy capacity in order to achieve 
the target of 70% renewable energy capacity by 2050.
National Digital 
Infrastructure Plan 
(“JENDELA”) Phase 2
Under the JENDELA Phase 2 project, the Government will provide 100% internet coverage in 
populated areas and provide fibre optic coverage to 9 million premises nationwide by 2025. For 
2023, the JENDELA project has allocated RM700 million to implement digital connectivity to 47 
industrial areas.
Invest Malaysia Facilitation 
Centre (“IMFC”)
MITI established IMFC on 1 December 2023 to act as a one-stop centre for investment-related 
matters and expedite the processes of various approvals including providing advisory services 
as well as advice to the business community and investors. Besides its role in achieving the 
objectives of the NIMP 2030, IMFC will also contribute to efforts in making Malaysia a premier 
investor-friendly and business-friendly destination in the region.
Other initiatives under 
Budget 2024
There will be an allocation of funds up to RM1.5 billion by Government-Linked Companies 
(“GLCs”) and Government-Linked Investment Companies (“GLICs”) to encourage start-ups 
(including bumiputera SMEs) to venture into High-Growth, High-Value (“HGHV”) fields such as 
digital economy, space technology and electrical & electronics (“E&E”).
The government will also allocate RM50 million as a matching grant with the Port Klang Authority 
to maintain Jalan Port Klang while enforcing the overload limit on heavy vehicles.
103Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 106 ----
The Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (“MPC”) announced on 14 
December 2023 that the interest rate will remain unchanged at 5.25%. The 
monetary policy is likely to be kept high for a period of time in the effort to pull 
the inflation rate back to the 2% target by 2025. However, the MPC noted that 
the inflation persistence remained elevated and further tightening in monetary 
policy may be required if the environment persists.
According to the Bank of England Monetary Policy Report, the UK’s GDP is expected 
to grow by just 0.1% in Q4 2023, while the CPI is expected to average around 
4.75% in Q4 2023, before dropping to around 4.5% in Q1 2024 and 3.75% in the 
second quarter of 2024 - accounted for by lower energy, core goods and food 
price inflation as well as, beyond January, by some fall in services inflation.
As UK approached the fourth anniversary of its official departure from the European 
Union, the impact on the economy was better accessed. According to the National 
Institute of Economic and Social Research, the UK has experienced slower economic 
growth following the global financial crisis and its exit from the European Union 
with estimates suggesting that the real income and private consumption per capita 
could have been 8% to 9% and 11% to 12% higher than current figures. The 
estimates further suggest that three years after the transition period, UK real GDP 
is some 2% to 3% lower due to Brexit, compared to a scenario where the UK 
retained EU membership, largely due to the reduction in real incomes resulting 
from the fall in the UK terms of trade associated with changes in trading relations 
with the European Union and the fall in productivity.
A report by Cambridge Econometrics commissioned for City Hall by London’s mayor 
also estimated that UK output, investment, exports, imports, employment and 
productivity would be lower than if the UK had remained in the EU. By 2035, the 
output is expected to be 10.1% lower in the UK and 7.5% lower in London; 
investment in the UK is projected to be more than 32% lower while the export 
and import volumes is estimated to be 5% and 16% lower respectively.
LONDON PROPERTY MARKET OUTLOOK
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW
In 4Q 2023, The United 
Kingdom’s (“UK”) GDP fell by 
0.2% y-o-y and 0.3% q-o-q. 
The UK GDP had grown 
modestly in the previous 
quarters where the GDP grew 
at 0.3% y-o-y in the first two 
quarters of the year and 0.2% 
in 3Q 2023.
The UK’s annual inflation rose 
by 4.2% in 2023. On a monthly 
basis, inflation fell by 0.6% in 
January 2024, the same rate 
as in January 2023.The largest 
upward contribution came 
from housing and household 
services (principally higher 
gas and electricity charges), 
while the largest downward 
contribution came from 
furniture and household 
goods and food and non-
alcoholic beverages.
104
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Market Review and Outlook

---- Page 107 ----
HM Land Registry reports that the average house price in 
the UK experienced a y-o-y decrease of 1.4%, settling at 
£285,000 in December 2023. This represents a smaller 
decline compared to the 2.3% decrease observed in 
November 2023. England followed a similar trajectory, with 
average house prices falling by 2.1% over the 12 months to 
December 2023, reaching £302,000. The London region, 
however, registered the most significant drop, with prices 
declining by 4.8% y-o-y in December 2023. UK prime 
country house prices declined by 5.8% in 2023. While this 
represented a sizable correction after two stellar years of 
growth, the rate of decline was less than the forecast of 
-7% for the year. Although the Bank of England opted to 
hold interest rates at 5.25% in December, the cost of 
borrowing remains at a 15-year high, which has put 
downward pressure on house prices and hindered the 
recovery of prices and sales volumes. However, as the 
economy stabilises and interest rates start to fall, the UK 
prime country house price is expected to moderate to -3% 
in 2024, with positive annual price growth projected to 
return in 2025. It is also expected that housing prices will 
recover, with predictions of a stable price movement in 
Prime Central London and a 1.0% increase in Prime Outer 
London in 2024.
The improving economic backdrop in the UK made for a relatively stable quarter, marked by rising consumer sentiment, record-
low occupier fallout, and a fairly steady flow of investment deals, despite debt constraints. Growing consumer confidence, 
strong occupier performance and enhanced investor trust seemingly position the sector well for a promising transition into 
2024. 4Q 2023 retail sale grew steadily at 3.9%, but worryingly decelerated slightly versus 3Q 2023 (5.3%). More encouragingly, 
volume declines (-1.4%) improved, as inflation receded. Nevertheless, full year 2023 grew by an impressive 5.1%, surpassing 
the 10-year average of 3.5%. Vacancy rates decreased to 15.3% with improvements witnessed in shopping centres (17.7%) 
and retail parks (7.6%).
The post-pandemic recovery in the London office market 
gathered pace last quarter as the volume of lettings rose to 
the highest level in five years. The key driver of performance 
remains the occupier taking flight to better quality offices, 
illustrated by a record level of new and refurbished take-up 
at 2.59 million sq ft and representing 66% of all lettings. 
Take-up across London rose by 31.7% in 4Q 2023 to 3.92 
million sq ft, a five-year high and 32% above the quarterly 
long-term trend. Strong lettings were evident across the 
market, with above trend take-up in half of London’s 
submarkets. The core submarkets of the City Core and the 
West End Core remain the locations with the highest level 
of lettings – accounting for circa 55% of all lettings in 4Q 
2023 compared with almost 60% in 3Q 2023. The City Core 
prime rents have risen from £77.50 to £87.50 per sq ft and 
from £140 to £150 per sq ft in the West End Core. Since the 
pandemic, there’s been an increase in top-tier office 
transactions with rents significantly surpassing the average 
prime market rent. Analysis of these transactions led to a 
re-evaluation of how prime rents are determined, focusing 
now on sustainability, amenities, and central locations. 
Consequently, prime rents in most submarkets have increased, 
with the City Core rising from £77.50 to £87.50 per sq ft and 
the West End Core from £140 to £150 per sq ft.
PROPERTY MARKET OVERVIEW
RESIDENTIAL OFFICE
RETAIL
105Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 108 ----
In 2023, Malaysia’s economic growth moderated to 3.7% 3 amidst challenging global conditions. However, the ongoing recovery 
in economic activity and labour market conditions suggests a positive outlook, supported by Malaysia’s resilient external position. 
The nation’s GDP is projected to expand in 2024, driven by growth in domestic spending, bolstered by sustained employment 
and wage increases, and improved external demand, with global trade expected to rebound from 0.4% in 2023 to 3.3% in 2024, 
as per International Monetary Fund projections. Investment momentum will be sustained by the progress of multi-year projects 
in both the private and public sectors, alongside the implementation of strategic initiatives outlined in national master plans .
Turning to the real estate sector, the industrial property market in the Klang Valley saw a decrease in transactions in the fir st 
nine months of 2023, with 2,032 transactions totaling RM8.6 billion 4. However, the average transaction price per industrial 
property increased by 12.7% compared to 2022, reaching RM4.3 million, indicating a shift towards higher-value transactions. 
Infrastructure developments, including the anticipated completion of three new sections of the West Coast Expressway by March 
2024, are expected to drive increased industrial activity in 2024. Furthermore, the completion of the East Coast Rail Link by 
2027 is poised to enhance connectivity between industrial areas along the route, stimulating demand for logistics and warehouse 
spaces in the long run.
IMPACT
ECONOMIC GROWTH
IDENTIFYING REGIONAL AND NATIONAL TRENDS
Asia remains the world’s fastest-growing region, contributing nearly 70% of global growth in 2023, with China and India alone 
accounting for half of this growth. The GDP growth in the Asia-Pacific region expanded from 3.8% in 2022 to 4.6% in 2023 1, 
outperforming the estimated 3% average global growth during the same period.
Looking ahead to 2024, Asia Pacific GDP growth is projected to slow to 3.5% from the previous year’s 4.3% 2. Consequently, we 
anticipate a moderation in the expansion activities of logistics occupiers as they scrutinise real estate plans and capital exp enditure 
more closely to safeguard their bottom line. This trend is expected to lead to a rise in lease renewals and an increase in subl ease 
spaces as ongoing development projects reach completion. However, the latter half of 2024 may witness an upturn in investment 
activity due to re-pricing and interest rate cuts. Demand is anticipated to be driven by high-net-worth buyers, cash-rich inves tors, 
and corporates seeking high-quality assets.
References:
1. Asia Likely to See Dynamic Economic Growth, but With Policy Challenges, International Monetary Fund, 13 April 2023
2. Asia Pacific Real Estate Market Outlook 2024, CBRE, 31 January 2024 
3. Economic and Financial Developments in Malaysia in the Fourth Quarter of 2023, BNM, February Feb 2024
4. Malaysia Real Estate Highlights - 2H 2023, Knight Frank Research
• Surpassed our sales target for FY2023 of RM2.7 billion to RM3.3 billion, demonstrating robust market performance and strong 
demand for its offerings.
• Portfolio expansion includes launches amounting to RM4.0 billion, comprising a diversified mix of residential units, including landed 
properties, high-rise developments, and industrial projects, catering to various market segments.
• Successfully completed the acquisition of 949 acres of prime land in Sungai Kapar (BBR4), laying the foundation for the development 
of a future ESG industrial park. This strategic move aligns with our commitment to sustainable development practices and 
underscores our vision which align with the national & regional trends.
• Secured commitment for the remaining 30% or RM300.0 million for the Industrial Development (“IDF-1”) to close the fund at 
RM1.0 billion, signaling confidence and support from investors in our infrastructure initiatives aimed at enhancing connectivity 
and livability within our developments.
• Continue our momentum in developing key industrial townships while providing end-to-end solutions across an array of customers 
ranging from SMEs to MNCs.
• In line with our commitment to addressing housing affordability, Sime Darby Property has signed a JV with Lagenda Properties 
Berhad to focus on providing quality homes at various price points, ensuring accessibility to homeownership for a diverse range 
of income groups.
OUR RESPONSE
Acknowledging the ever-changing nature of our operational environment, we prioritise staying informed 
about global megatrends and opportunities. This proactive stance allows us to discern emerging trends, 
anticipate forthcoming challenges and seize fresh opportunities. By vigilantly monitoring external trends, 
we can adjust our strategies, operations and offerings to align with evolving societal needs, while 
simultaneously minimising risks and optimising long-term value creation.
106
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Global Megatrends & Opportunities

---- Page 109 ----
ADDRESSING THE NEED FOR SUSTAINABLE URBAN PLANNING
URBANISATION
Urbanisation remains a significant trend in the Asia-Pacific region, with over half of the global urban population, more than 
2.2 billion people, residing in Asia. By 2050, it is projected that the urban population in Asia will increase by 50% 5, adding 
approximately 1.2 billion people.
Malaysia stands out as one of the most urbanised countries in East Asia and among the fastest urbanising regions worldwide. 
Over the past decade, Malaysia’s urban population has risen from around 66% in 2004 to 74% in 2014 6. This trend is 
expected to continue as rural residents migrate to urban areas, attracted by economic opportunities as the economy shifts 
from agriculture to industry and services. Despite Malaysia’s urbanisation, its urban areas have lower population density 
compared to typical East Asian cities, presenting both opportunities and challenges for sustainable development.
Urbanisation, when properly planned and managed, has the potential to elevate living standards and boost economic 
productivity. However, in many cases, it has resulted in congestion and widened disparities between different 
socioeconomic groups, leading to security, health and environmental challenges. As cities become more densely 
populated, the loss of green spaces exacerbates climate change, while the growing population strains water resources, 
increases the risk of floods and worsens pollution. Moreover, urban expansion encroaches upon natural habitats, further 
threatening biodiversity.
It is imperative for the industry to reconsider urban planning and design approaches, emphasising the integration of 
sustainability principles. This includes incorporating green spaces and flood mitigation measures into development 
blueprints, while also fostering social cohesion within communities.
IMPACT
References:
5. Urbanisation in Asia and the Pacific Region: Building inclusive & sustainable cities, Unhabitat.org
6. Urbanisation in Malaysia 2022, Statista – Aaron O’Neill, 26 January 2024
• Expanding our reach beyond the Greater Klang Valley, including regions like Negeri Sembilan and Johor.
• Enhancing mobility through Transit-Oriented Developments (“TOD”), exemplified by launches such as Serasi 
Residences in Putra Heights, Hype Residences in Subang Jaya.
• Integrating flexible home features such as open-plan layouts, allowing residents to tailor spaces to their preferences, 
and fostering greater connection with the outdoors through internal gardens, balconies, and back gardens.
• Innovating with Nature-based Solutions, such as the Elmina Central Park in the City of Elmina, which doubles as a 
flood mitigation initiative capable of accommodating Q100-Q1000 flood events.
• Championing sustainable living initiatives like urban farming in City of Elmina and Serenia City.
• Enhancing our provision of lifestyle amenities, such as retail offerings (e.g., neighbourhood malls and shopping 
complexes), recreational spaces and placemaking areas (e.g., The Courts at KLGCC Resort, KL East Park), and 
educational facilities (e.g., KYS KL East International School).
OUR RESPONSE
107Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 110 ----
SHIFTING DEMOGRAPHICS
Changing demographics are precipitating a transformation in living arrangements, as individuals opt to prolong their 
working years prior to retirement to bolster financial stability. Moreover, there is a growing trend of adults opting to 
reside with elderly parents to provide care and support. Meanwhile, millennials are faced with decisions regarding their 
living arrangements, with some choosing to remain in multi-generational households for economic reasons, while others 
seek smaller living spaces to assert their independence. Property developers must adapt to these evolving preferences 
by diversifying their offerings to cater to distinct segments of the market.
IMPACT
References:
7. Our Growing Population, United Nations Website
• Evolving placemaking initiatives across all townships, considering local community demographics, socioeconomic 
needs and environmental sustainability.
• Integrating multi-generational features into our product offerings, such as incorporating designs that accommodate 
wheelchair access.
• Providing configurable layouts, enabling seamless adaptation of living spaces to meet diverse lifestyle needs.
• Promoting inclusivity by launching Malaysia’s first Inclusive Playground, designed in collaboration with UNICEF, 
catering to differently abled children at the City of Elmina.
• Developing sustainable townships like the City of Elmina’s Central Park, featuring active lifestyle amenities, and 
Serenia City’s urban farming initiatives, alongside private garden spaces.
• Enhancing the customer experience through digital platforms like our Virtual Sales Gallery and Online Booking 
System (“OBS”), facilitating convenient transactions and interactions.
OUR RESPONSE
RECOGNISING EVOLVING SOCIETAL EXPECTATIONS
The global human population surged to 8.0 billion in mid-November 2022, up from an estimated 2.5 billion in 1950. This 
marks an addition of 1 billion people since 2010 and 2 billion since 19987. Projections indicate that the world’s population 
is set to expand by nearly 2 billion individuals over the next 30 years, reaching 9.7 billion by 2050, with a potential peak 
at nearly 10.4 billion in the mid-2080s.
This remarkable growth has been primarily propelled by increasing survival rates to reproductive age, a gradual rise in human 
longevity, growing urbanisation, and accelerated migration. Significant changes in fertility rates have accompanied this 
expansion. These trends are poised to have profound and far-reaching implications for future generations, reshaping 
population demographics and presenting new challenges and opportunities for societies worldwide.
108
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Global Megatrends & Opportunities

---- Page 111 ----
DIGITALISATION, TECHNOLOGY & INNOVATION
Digital technologies are revolutionising the real estate sector, rendering the entire ecosystem more efficient by facilitating 
the seamless flow of information among property developers, homeowners, real estate agents, brokerages, bankers, 
and others. By harnessing the latest technologies, developers can markedly improve efficiencies in project execution, 
engage potential customers more effectively (through 3D virtual tours, AR & VR), and transact with various stakeholders 
using smart contracts, customer relationship management (“CRM”) systems, property management apps, and alternative 
payment methods, among others.
IMPACT
Digitalisation is boosting efficiencies across all industries through data collection, mining, and analysis. While many 
organisations had already embarked on the digitalisation journey before COVID-19, the pandemic hastened the process, 
aiming to facilitate access to and sharing of information among individuals unable to meet physically. Thanks to the rapid 
rise of digital technologies, today’s systems are more interconnected, intelligent, efficient, reliable, and sustainable. They 
empower us to accelerate speed, drive innovation, and foster agility across functions. Moreover, they facilitate more effective 
connections and engagements with customers.
• Implementation of EV Charging Stations at our corporate headquarters (“HQ”), The PARC @ Taman Subang Ria, 
KLGCC, and other internal assets.
• Standardising our manufacturing approach, enhancing health, safety and environmental (“HSE”) performance, 
productivity, and quality, while simultaneously reducing lead time, defects and costs.
• Implementing the Industrialised Building System (“IBS”) across township and integrated developments to achieve 
targeted IBS scores, enhancing environmental sustainability, product quality, productivity and safety.
• Collaborating with AmBank Group to introduce a digital green financing solution for homebuyers.
• Introducing a Smart Service Desk System using Information Technology Service Management (“ITSM”) to address 
internal IT issues and handle IT inquiries.
• Developing an in-house Virtual Sales Gallery and OBS.
• Expanding the utilisation of Procore, a software that integrates data from all project management stakeholders.
• Launched Concept Home 2030 as a platform for industry experts and consumers to exchange innovative solutions 
and redefine future home design and construction.
• Integrating financiers into the Group’s OBS to enhance the property buying experience, including loan application 
and approval processes, with Maybank engaged as a pilot partner in 2023.
• Implementing Standardisation of Builds as the initial phase towards Modular Homes, achieving approximately 70% 
adoption at the design and review stage across Double-Storey Linked Homes products in 2023.
OUR RESPONSE
EMBRACING TOOLS THAT ENHANCE SUSTAINABILITY, EFFICIENCY AND THE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
109Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 112 ----
GROWING EMPHASIS ON ESG MATTER
In the property sector, stakeholders increasingly demand environmentally and socially responsible developments, led 
by firms exhibiting robust corporate governance. Expectations include reducing carbon footprints through energy-
efficient construction technologies, incorporating sustainable materials and designs for eco-friendly properties, infusing 
the use of renewable energy and fostering social cohesion and inclusivity. Moreover, there are expectations from 
government regulators to support national policies related to sustainable development and the energy transition, further 
emphasising the importance of proactive environmental stewardship within the property development sector.
IMPACT
• Actively reducing operational carbon through energy efficiency programmes and incorporating sustainability and 
green elements in our developments via a minimum sustainability element checklist, seeking to future-proof 
communities and implement green spaces as sanctuaries for people and wildlife.
• Developing a comprehensive carbon reduction roadmap that encompasses Scope 3 emissions and studying embodied 
carbon to identify opportunities for reduction in a typical double-storey linked house.
• Establishing a Sustainability Sukuk Framework based on ASEAN Sustainability Sukuk SRI principles to fund projects 
aligning with sustainability criteria.
• Implementing a Total Waste Management Programme at KL East Mall, mandating waste separation by retail and 
F&B tenants to promote recycling, along with ongoing community engagement with NGOs to raise awareness of 
waste recycling initiatives.
• Enhancing social inclusivity with Malaysia’s inaugural Inclusive Playground at the City of Elmina in collaboration with 
UNICEF.
• Introducing a Safety & Sustainability Practitioner Playbook, including manuals and guides, to standardise safety and 
sustainability practices across business units.
• Facilitating Leadership Engagement Action Programme (“LEAP”) sessions with vendors, contractors, and site workers 
to ensure compliance with safety standards.
• Continuously improving disclosures in line with Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) guidelines 
and collaborating with stakeholders to develop and implement innovative solutions for climate resilience.
• Spearheading rooftop solar initiatives at residential projects, such as the City of Elmina, in alignment with the NETR, 
while exploring innovative renewable energy solutions to reduce reliance on fossil fuels and advance towards low-
carbon real estate.
• Developing and connecting ecological corridors to support biodiversity and ecosystem health in urban areas, while 
reimagining spaces for sustainability through strategic park development.
• Managing wetlands for flood mitigation and preserving secondary forest areas to enhance urban biodiversity and 
community well-being.
OUR RESPONSE
TACKLING HEIGHTENED STAKEHOLDER EXCPECTATIONS
With the undeniable reality of climate change looming larger, there’s a growing recognition that corporations must actively 
address, not only on environmental concerns, but also social and governance issues. As governments enact ESG-related 
policies, investors increasingly favour companies demonstrating robust ESG values and a commitment to workplace safety 
and sustainability. Such firms are deemed better equipped to navigate risks associated with climate change, human rights, 
and labour disputes. ESG considerations are now pivotal in various spheres, extending as far as influencing youth career 
choices and consumer preferences for brands that align with their values.
110
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Operating Landscape
Global Megatrends & Opportunities

---- Page 113 ----
The Group operates within a dynamic macroeconomic landscape, with the operating 
environment in FY2023 featuring challenges such as a still-recovering post-pandemic 
economy, inflationary pressures and tightening of monetary conditions. Geoeconomic 
fragmentation further strained the supply chain, resulting in elevated construction costs 
impacting margins for all new product launches.
Amidst these external risks and challenges, we showcased resilience and agility to deliver strong results for the past twelve months. 
Guided by the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework, our leadership and management teams closely monitored the 
macroeconomic climate and local operating conditions, adjusting our execution strategy where needed to ensure we remained on 
track towards our financial and non-financial targets. For more details on the key features of the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management 
Framework, please read our Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control on page 250.
Despite leveraging on risk management framework and practices, the Group acknowledges that it cannot fully mitigate all key 
risks, recognising some inherent global and industry risks as beyond our control. However, the Group remains committed to 
monitoring and minimising the potential impact of these risks, aligning them with our risk appetite.
For the year under review, we identified eleven (11) broad key risks with the potential to impact the Group’s operations or 
performance. A description of these risks and their impact on value creation, along with the mitigation measures undertaken for  
each risk category, are outlined below:
111Integrated Report 2023
Key Risks and Mitigation
STRATEGIC REVIEW

---- Page 114 ----
MARKET RISK Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
Macroeconomic factors may impact key aspects of our 
operations, including our sales, construction and leasing 
activities. These include factors such as a continually subdued 
property market, tightening loan conditions, a shortage of 
skilled labour, an increase in cost of borrowing and, other 
supply chain disruptions that may result in higher construction 
materials costs. This may strain our profitability and liquidity 
position impeding the achievement of our growth strategy 
and financial targets.
Diminishing financial capital due to:
• Poor Group performance and returns on investment;
• Unsold stocks;
• Potential delay in delivery of products to customers which 
may result in liquidated ascertained damages (“LAD”) 
payable to customers;
• Poor product quality;
• Prolonged deferment or delayed launches leading to weak 
product pipeline;
• Insufficient operational cash flow to fund projects; and
• Tight capital market conditions for customers to obtain 
financing and for the Group to raise funds.
• Continuously assessed and realigned strategy to market conditions and requirements;
• Closely monitored performance across core business units, including active profit & loss and cash management, while sufficient ly 
maintaining funding facilities;
• Launched products that are compelling and relevant to target market, featuring the right price points and a strong value 
proposition;
• Detailed scrutiny, evaluation and monitoring of contractors’ delivery capabilities and labour availability during the tender a nd 
delivery stage;
• Sized the market potential, and leveraged market intelligence on product and service offerings for similar or comparable 
developments to support product viability assessments prior to launch;
• Introduced sales offers and innovative packages for new products, leveraging our strong brand name and track record;
• Continued to leverage technology and digital platforms to provide customers with a seamless end-to-end purchasing journey;
• Continued to monitor the impact of increased interest rates on the take-up of the Group’s products and profit margins as 
well as impacts to our leasing and capital transaction activities, taking necessary actions to reduce this impact, where required.
• Continued to provide affordable housing design and packages; and
• Redefined our segmented approach and undertook a pricing review for unsold stocks, where required.
Links
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
112
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Key Risks and Mitigation

---- Page 115 ----
DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCT STRATEGY  Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
Ineffective portfolio development and project implementation 
in terms of pricing, costs and timing to the market may result 
in the delivery of low-demand products to the market. This 
has the potential to impact our revenue, profitability and 
financial capital.
Diminishing financial capital due to:
• Poor take-up rate of products resulting in higher holding 
costs;
• Low profit margin or losses incurred on products;
• Loss of market share; and
• Low returns on capital due to diminished demand.
• Conducted rigorous review and market research to develop a business case for each new product;
• Monitored the implementation of a ‘check and balance’ approach when aligning and embedding strategies along the product 
supply chain;
• Implemented design-to-cost principles for products to ensure target margins are protected;
• Extended strategic sourcing initiatives to reduce product cost;
• Continued with the Variation of Price (“VOP”) clause in tender requirements to manage price fluctuations of key construction 
materials. The VOP was designed to assist contractors in protecting their operational viability against price fluctuations;
• Performed Value Engineering to ensure cost optimisation for newly launched products;
• Reviewed and revised the Annual Operating Plan (“AOP”), where required, to address market changes;
• Monitored sales and leasing performance, and altered project and product parameters to suit market conditions where required 
(e.g. shrinking built-up areas to reduce the absolute price or minimising speculative builds);
• Strategically source construction materials to manage escalation of raw material prices, where possible;
• Performed market studies to understand market demand for sustainability elements in new products;
• Incorporated sustainable product elements in design considerations, including options such as hybrid construction; and
• Continued to monitor product mix to ensure balanced product diversification for both residential and industrial products.
Links
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
113Integrated Report 2023
RISK TREND Increased Decreased Stable

---- Page 116 ----
PROJECT DEVELOPMENT & EXEC UTION Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
Development projects that are not delivered on time, or which 
do not achieve projected returns or expectations of product 
quality, risk impacting our financial position and reputation.
Diminishing financial capital and compromised intellectual 
capital due to:
• Additional cost for rectification/replacement, compensation, 
settlement, overruns and/or LAD;
• Poor product quality and late delivery of products;
• Potential expenses from claims, disputes or legal action 
from purchasers; and
• Potential reputational damage.
• Continued to enlarge our pool of competent and experienced consultants and contractors, backed by good track records, to 
support project requirements, based on a pre-qualified and pre-approved set of criteria;
• Continued to appoint preferred contractors with existing skilled workers, recycling their expertise into projects within the 
same geographical location;
• Assigned dedicated and experienced project teams to monitor project performance and coordinate with key stakeholders;
• Undertook continuous engagement with contractors to ensure appropriate actions are taken to mitigate any delay in the 
delivery of projects;
• Identified key materials facing supply disruptions and worked with vendors and contractors on supply chain alternatives, if 
required, to minimise the disruption to projects;
• Monitored on-site labour supply closely and worked with contractors and industry associations to resolve labour supply and 
shortage issue;
• Increased the frequency and timeliness of quality audits and inspections at various stages of construction;
• Improved project management, cost control and procurement processes;
• Improved procurement processes and resources to ensure tenders, appointments and payments to contractors are made in a 
timely manner;
• Monitored and tracked the status of defect claims by purchasers to ensure timely closure;
• Engaged and obtained Letter of Undertaking from contractors for the number of workers to be deployed during the Defect 
Liability Period (“DLP”); and 
• Implementation of a “We Fix Team” to expediate the defect rectification process for all newly handed over projects.
Links
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
114
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Key Risks and Mitigation

---- Page 117 ----
SAFETY & HEALTH  Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
Major safety, health and/or environmental breaches at our 
workplace or project sites may impact our operations, 
financial performance, reputation and the well-being of  
our people.
Diminishing financial capital, compromised intellectual capital 
and loss of human capital due to: 
• Decline in productivity and performance due to accidents, 
injuries and casualties;
• Significant penalties or disruptive stopwork orders 
imposed by authorities;
• Potential environmental harm and additional costs arising 
from possible claims and litigation; and
• Potential reputational damage.
• Continued undertaking top management and Board of Directors site visits to engage staff, contractors and workers on Health, 
Safety, Security and Environment (“HSSE”) matters;
• Implemented an ESG Playbook to provide clarity on how to execute the Group’s HSSE Policies and Plan;
• Worked with contractor organisations to improve performance across our Reporting Culture, Hygiene at Worker Quarters 
and Work at Height practices;
• Developed Occupational Safety and Health in Construction Industry (Management) (“OSHCIM”) Framework to provide guidance 
to project teams and consultants in incorporating safety considerations at the design stage;
• Incorporated one (1) KPI into the Group 2023 Scorecard on Safety Observation (“SO”) to promote an injury reporting culture;
• Incorporated one (1) KPI into Chief Operating Officer’s 2023 scorecard on compliance towards providing basic PPE requirements ;
• Enhancement of HSSE risk management by introducing BOWTIE risk assessment methodology for high-risk activities;
• Continued to manage ESH risks through: 
– HSSE policy and ESH procedures;
– Trainings and campaigns such as Safety Day, Work at Height, Toolbox Talks and Taiso; 
– Reviewing and updating ESH requirements within contracts and development project plans; 
– Unscheduled and scheduled HSSE inspections and related reporting; and
• Providing employees with mental health and well-being support through digital service platform Jalinan Nurani, where 
employees can access certified health coaches and various resources to better manage their mental, physical and financial 
well-being.
Links
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
115Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 118 ----
CYBERSECURITY Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
Infrastructure and systems failure incidents, along with loss 
of data due to cyber-attacks, have the potential to cripple 
our core systems and controls.
Compromised manufactured and intellectual capitals and 
diminishing financial capital due to:
• Business disruption; 
• Loss of valuable business data and stakeholder trust;
• Penalties or fines by authorities and/or legal action by 
third parties; and
• Potential reputational damage.
• Deployed various infrastructure security protection solutions and an Intrusion Prevention System to manage Internet/
web security;
• Conducted annual Security Posture Assessment (“SPA”) and Vulnerability Assessment (“VA”) to evaluate the robustness of our 
IT infrastructure and systems;
• Implemented Multi-Factor Authentication (“MFA”) for all applications, systems and VPN to avoid/prevent unauthorised access 
to our internal system;
• Implemented Deep Security through Virtual Patching to ensure all vulnerabilities of applications and infrastructure are patched 
before any damage is done, while ensuring patch management is updated and in place for continuous management of end point 
clients;
• Implemented Advanced Persistent Threat (“APT”), Privilege Access Management (“PAMA”) and Identity Access Management 
(“IAM”) solutions to detect and prevent targeted attacks;
• Utilised multi-layer infrastructure security protection solutions (such as web application firewall, multi-tiered firewall, anti-spam/
virus, security operations centre) to prevent malicious threats to our corporate network, data centres and personal computers;
• Utilised Unified Threat Management (“UTM”), Internet/Web Security, and Security Event Manager tools to monitor, prevent 
and resolve security incidents;
• Continued our monitoring of new and potential threats that emerge in the cybersphere through our round-the-clock Security 
Operations Centre (“SOC”);
• Hardened network by blocking lateral movements between servers or devices;
• Continued to promote cybersecurity awareness across the organisation to prevent employee-related security breaches and 
potential vulnerabilities;
• Conducted cybersecurity e-learning and e-assessment to provide cybersecurity awareness to employees across the organisation, 
equipping them with cybersecurity knowledge and insights into potential vulnerabilities, while specifying guidelines on how to 
recognise and respond to cyber threats;
• Implemented and monitored the completion of cybersecurity improvement programmes and activities that had been identified 
as part of the Cybersecurity Maturity Assessment exercise;
• Sought continuous improvement within the strategies of our Cybersecurity Strategic Roadmap and Framework;
• Implemented DevSecOps (development, security, and operations) to ensure all applications and systems are tested and vetted 
by EAGRC (for Governance, Risk and Compliance requirements) before being moved to the production environment; and
• Implemented a three-year Cybersecurity Framework as per Control Objectives for Information and Related Technologies (“COBIT”), 
ISO27001: Information Security Standard, Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCIDSS”) & National Institute of 
Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Framework.
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
Links
116
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Key Risks and Mitigation

---- Page 119 ----
JOINT VENTURES, COLLABORATIONS  
AND STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
Our financial position and reputation may be impacted by 
misaligned investment objectives or interests, lower than 
expected returns from collaborative investments, a weak joint 
venture (“JV”) management team or disagreements with our 
JV partners.
Diminishing financial capital, compromised intellectual capital, 
and deteriorating human capital due to:
• Lower than expected returns on investment;
• Additional capital requirements to sustain JV operations/
businesses;
• Potential litigation arising from claims/disputes; and
• Potential reputational damage.
• Conducted robust assessments and due diligence on potential JV partners prior to entering into the JV partnerships;
• Obtained sufficient external expert advice in structuring the terms of JV partnership to safeguard the Group’s rights and 
interest;
• Active engagement in the set-up of the JV, including when devising board/shareholders’ reserved matters, aligning roles and 
responsibilities of JV partners, and preparing of business plans, human resources requirements, governance structures, key 
operating guiding policies, procedures, and delegated authority limits;
• Tracked and closely monitored the performance of JVs through periodic reporting/audits and ensuring the Group’s 
representation on the Board/development committee/management of the JV Company; and
• Continued robust engagement with JV partners, ensuring that the objectives of the JVs are being achieved while mitigating 
and minimising potential disagreements.
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
Links
117Integrated Report 2023
Risk Trend 

---- Page 120 ----
TALENT AND RESOURCE MAN AGEMENT Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
An inability to attract and retain proficient industry talents 
to effectively execute business strategies has the potential 
to impact our ability to meet sustainable growth objectives.
Deteriorating human capital due to:
• Lack of internal skills and competencies needed to 
implement the Group’s strategies and deliver expected 
levels of performance;
• Misaligned performance outcomes, measurements and 
targets; and
• Loss of key talents.
• Implemented Total Rewards Framework to attract and retain competent talents;
• Periodically reviewed the competitiveness of our remuneration packages against industry benchmarks;
• Reviewed succession plans to strengthen leadership bench strength, fast tracking high-potential talents and creating stretched  
development opportunities for competent performers;
• Adopted a clear strategy cascade, setting targets and a performance management system in place to drive progress;
• Reviewed competency and training gaps, providing continuous training and support to build key expertise under major growth 
areas;
• Established individual development plans (“IDPs”) to build up and enhance the skills and competencies of identified successors  
or talents;
• Implemented an Employee Mobility Framework to encourage cross pollination and provide visible career enhancement 
opportunities for employees;
• Implemented the recruitment of young talents and retention strategies;
• Leverage on technology to improve efficiency in managing HR-related matters through our HR On Cloud (“HROC”) digital 
platform;
• Implemented initiatives to instil a highly engaged culture across the organisation; and
• Continued to communicate with employees, ensuring they remain engaged and aligned with the company’s direction.
Links
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
118
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Key Risks and Mitigation

---- Page 121 ----
LEGAL/REGULATORY AND CONTRACTUAL CO MPLIANCE  Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
Our performance may be impacted by non-compliance with 
local or international laws, industry regulations or contractual 
obligations. Risk factors include:
• Complex and voluminous laws/regulations;
• A lack of awareness on new and existing laws, regulations 
or case laws, or a lack of understanding of contractual 
provisions and their impact on our transactions or 
operations;
• Ambiguity in the interpretation or application of laws, 
regulations and case laws; and
• New case laws, statutory amendments, and introduction of 
new laws and regulations.
Compromised financial and intellectual capitals due to:
• Non-compliance costs arising from penalties, fines, 
payment of damages and compensation;
• Failure to meet legal or contractual obligations resulting 
in potential claims or litigation;
• Additional compliance costs; and
• Potential reputational damage.
• Continued to inculcate a compliance culture within the organisation, with complemented by stringent internal processes, and 
provided internal and external legal support to operational teams when required;
• Maintained close collaboration and conducted effective dialogues with trade associations and regulatory bodies on emerging 
legal or regulatory requirements as well as industry trends and standards;
• Assigned dedicated project teams to monitor compliance with specific laws, regulations or contractual provisions;
• Defined an escalation matrix and a stringent monitoring, resolution and reporting mechanism to manage material breaches;
• Enhanced our employees’ (both legal department employees and other employees of the Group) skills and knowledge of 
regulatory requirements, case law updates and statutory amendments via regular talks, training, and seminars by internal and 
external speakers, supplemented by continuous internal legal research and write-ups; and
• Maintained a close monitoring of appellate courts’ decisions and case law developments affecting the Group’s businesses, 
along with the emergence of any new bills, laws or amendments which would affect the Group’s business or industry.
Links
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
119Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 122 ----
COMPETITION Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
A new entrant to the market, or new and superior innovations 
or advanced technologies delivered by current competitors, 
have the potential to disrupt our market share and financial 
performance.
Diminishing financial capital due to:
• Loss of market share; and
• Lower than expected sales performance and returns on 
investment.
• Maintained market watch to monitor existing and new industry entrants and their technologies;
• Implemented the Group’s own innovation roadmap and initiatives to source for and pilot new products and services that will 
complement the Group’s business segments, namely in home designs and placemaking;
• Continued to improve online sales platform to ensure a seamless experience for customers; and
• Enhanced productivity and work efficiencies through digitalisation and mechanisation.
Links
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
120
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Key Risks and Mitigation

---- Page 123 ----
CLIMATE RISK  Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
• Flood risk.
• Not meeting carbon emissions 
programmes and targets.
• Inability to secure adequate water & 
electricity supply and connection for 
future projects in growing and/or 
new townships.
Compromised manufactured capital, diminishing financial capital and reduced 
natural capital due to:
• Impact on value and demand for products (long-term) located in flood risk areas;
• Inability to reduce carbon emission and meet carbon emission targets;
• Inability to meet strategic development and growth targets;
• Inability to meet financial targets;
• Loss of market share;
• Loss of investors’ confidence; and
• Potential reputational damage.
Flood Risk:
• Continued engagement with local authorities on short-term and long-term flood mitigation plans;
• Identified temporary retention ponds to alleviate flood risk, where required;
• Initiated cleaning works to prevent clogging of drains;
• Voluntarily increased our development assessment platform (above regulatory requirements) for new launches in townships that 
have been identified as high flood risk;
• Implemented flood monitoring and emergency response protocol in high-risk townships;
• Continued to engage with residence committees in high-risk townships to ensure assistance can be deployed in a timely manner 
in the event of floods;
• Developed a Flood Mitigation Toolkit to address prospective purchasers’ queries and to inform them of strategies adopted by 
Sime Darby Property to address flood risk exposure;
• Constructed a Town Park wetland as a sustainable stormwater management solution; and
• Completed desilting work of drainage and road resurfacing work at townships with a high flood risk.
Carbon Emissions:
• Established baseline for net zero emissions (Scope 1 and 2) and Carbon Reduction Strategy;
• Initiated readiness assessment for Scope 3 emissions (specifically for employee commuting and business travels);
• Tracked the Group’s yearly emission against targets;
• Implemented an ESG Playbook which acts as a guide for the Group in the adoption of sustainability initiatives;
• Instilled awareness to all staff regarding climate change and the Group’s sustainability targets to ensure consistent adoption and 
collective implementation of sustainability initiatives;
• Continued monitoring and disclosure of carbon emissions performance of the Group;
• Considered the implementation of sustainability elements during the product planning and design stage; and
• Continued to explore new technologies or alternate materials which can help reduce GHG emissions within the supply chain.
Utilities:
• Continued to engage and follow up with relevant authorities and utility providers to ensure relevant approvals were obtained and 
utility works progressed as planned at various stages of development;
• Kept abreast of and complied with the requirements of utility providers; and
• Assessed and tracked projected future demand for utilities to ensure the relevant infrastructure is commissioned in a timely manner.
Links
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
121Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 124 ----
SUPPLY CHAIN AND ITS RELATED HUMAN RIGHTS RISK Risk Trend 
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategies
Impact on Value
• Heightened demand for proficient and reliable 
contractors and suppliers within the market 
may cause increased competition and attrition 
within our supply chain.
• Supply chain disruption due to exposure to 
impacts caused by irresponsible supplier 
environmental or social practices, including 
human rights violations.
Diminishing manufactured capital, financial capital, and social capital 
due to:
• Loss of sales arising from deferrals in product launches due to delays 
in tender exercises arising from a lack of qualified tenderers;
• Higher cost of construction due to competition for capable contractors;
• Poor product quality or late delivery of products arising from 
overstretched contractors;
• Additional costs incurred for rectifications, replacements, compensation, 
settlement, overruns and/or LAD;
• Expenses incurred due to potential claims/disputes/legal action from 
purchasers; and
• Potential reputation damage.
Competition Risk for proficient and reliable contractor:
• Conducted a market intelligence exercise to explore new contractors as part of our efforts to increase our pool of competent 
and experienced consultants and contractors with good track records;
• Continued engagement with vendors that failed to win tenders to explain their shortfall, enable future improvements and 
encourage them to participate in the future tenders;
• Continued to appoint preferred contractors with existing skilled workers, recycling them into projects within the same 
geographical location;
• Established a high-performance contractor framework as part of our contractor retention initiatives; and
• Enhanced the vendor registration system with more user-friendly features. 
Exposure to ESG and Human Rights Risk:
• Implemented the Group’s Vendor Code of Business Conduct (“Vendor COBC”) which sets out the standards of behaviours 
required of Vendors, including human right requirements and expectations;
• Required a Vendor Integrity Pledge (“VIP”) as a formal affirmation from vendors that they will comply with, respect and 
uphold the principles of the Vendor COBC;
• Included a human right clause as part of tender and contract documents with vendor;
• Conducted knowledge sharing and educational sessions with vendors on Human Rights requirements, best practices and laws 
and regulations to ensure alignment with International Labour Organisation (“ILO”)’s indicators;
• Implemented an ESG Playbook to provided clarity on Worker Quarter Hygiene Standards aligned with Centralised Labour 
Quarters (“CLQ”) Guidelines;
• Undertook periodic inspections of Worker Quarters, led by the HSSE team;
• Commenced engagements with key vendors to establish their current position in respect of ILO practices;
• Maintained a list of back-up vendors for key materials; and
• Maintained an approved vendor list (“AVL”), that provides a resource from which alternate contractors may be sourced.
Links
Capitals Material Matters Strategy Stakeholders
122
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Key Risks and Mitigation

---- Page 125 ----
TRANSFORMATION JOURNEY
7 FOCUS AREAS
Operational Excellence Customer First
Organisational Excellence Safety & Sustainability Branding & Communication
Tech & Innovation New Revenue Streams
OUR 4 CORPORATE PRIORITIES
BROADEN INCOME 
STREAMS
DEEPENING 
COMPETENCIES
DEVELOP NEW 
CAPABILITIES
DIGITAL 
TRANSFORMATION
ENGINES OF GROWTH
Maximising the Core’s 
Potential
Business Model Expansion & 
Growth Adjacencies
Disruptive Opportunities
ENGINE 1: 70% ENGINE 2: 25% ENGINE 3: 5%
PURE-PLAY PROPERTY DEVELOPER REAL ESTATE COMPANY
Master Developer • Community Builder • Investment & Asset Manager
Malaysia’s Leading and
Most Admired
Real Estate Company
Sustainable & Future-driven
Fit-for-purpose 21 st Century 
Designed Company
Strong & Resilient 
International Presence To 
Maximise Shareholder Value
SHIFT25
TRANSFORMATION
JOURNEY
In 2023, Sime Darby Property continued its transformative journey initiated in 2021 under the SHIFT25 framework. The collective  efforts 
of the Group remain focused on elevating our standing from a residential-focused property developer to a leading diversified re al estate 
company in Malaysia by 2025.
Over the past year, we have continued to make progress across all four Corporate Priorities and seven Focus Areas, leveraging on our Engines 
of Growth framework to adequately allocate resources in alignment with the priorities set for the various facets of our expansion strategies.
Additionally, our new Purpose, Vision, Mission and Values unveiled in 2022 have successfully established a clear direction and motivation 
for driving the Group’s success, unlocking a united and cohesive call to action across our workforce.
Moving forward, we will continue fine-tuning our strategies and approach, adapting with agility to the evolving industry landsc ape and 
ensuring we remain on the right trajectory towards our overarching objectives.
123Integrated Report 2023
Our Strategy
STRATEGIC REVIEW

---- Page 126 ----
BROADEN INCOME STREAMS
KEY PRIORITIES 
• Maximise core Property Development business and position as a master developer.
• Enhance Investment & Asset Management portfolio.
• Amplify industrial and logistics developments.
Bolstering our position as a master developer by harnessing strategically located land banks to develop economic corridors, 
integrate robust commercial activities and grow our recurring income portfolio of industrial, retail and commercial assets.
PRIORITIES FOR 2024
• Continue to introduce products 
that resonate with market 
demand to sustain strong sales 
momentum.
• Maintain healthy product mix 
whilst diversifying income 
streams beyond Property 
Development.
• Optimise net property income 
(“NPI”) yields in the retail 
segment.
• Activate Property Development 
recurring income projects.
• Launch Affordable Homes 
project and explore Geographical 
Expansion.
INITIATIVES
• Maximise growth, profitability, and asset efficiency for Property Development. 
• Ensure sustainable Property Development launch pipeline of landed and high–rise 
residential products for greater earnings visibility.
• Diversify launch product mix across residential, commercial and industrial.
• Explore the development of Affordable Homes.
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
• Reached new record high revenue, gross profit and operating profit since the 2017 
demerger at RM3,436.9 million, RM1,009.0 million, and RM606.4 million, respectively. 
• Recorded RM3.3 billion in sales, exceeding our RM2.7 billion target, and achieved 
record high unbilled sales of RM3.6 billion. 
• RM4.0 billion worth of diversified products launched in 2023 (38% residential landed, 
34% residential high rise, 17% industrial). 
• Secured commitments for the remaining RM300.0 million for the Industrial Development 
Fund (“IDF-1”) to close the fund at RM1.0 billion.
• Established 50:50 Joint Venture (“JV”) with Lagenda Properties to develop affordable 
homes in Kedah.
SHORT TO MEDIUM-TERM FOCUS AREAS
Continue building towards a best-in-class property development business while growing recurring income streams, supported 
by placemaking and sustainability positioning for each township.
124
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Strategic Performance Review

---- Page 127 ----
DEEPEN COMPETENCIES
KEY PRIORITIES
• Embody our Purpose, Vision, Mission and Values in driving transformation.
• Embed a robust culture of safety and excellence.
• Enhance design, lifestyle and sustainable development capabilities.
• Improve financial management and cost rationalisation.
Strengthening our competencies as a sustainable lifestyle and community developer by fostering a performance-driven 
culture and integrating safety and sustainability into our day-to-day operations.
PRIORITIES FOR 2024
• Strengthen financial discipline 
and cost optimisation for 
effective capital, cash flow 
and cost management.
• Continue to enhance safety 
culture and HSSE management 
systems.
• Elevate customer experience 
and ‘Customer First’ culture 
across the organisation.
• Roll-out Contractor STAR 
Rating framework to measure 
contractors on their safety 
management capabilities.
INITIATIVES
• Enhance safety culture and HSSE management systems towards target of Zero 
Fatalities (Goal Zero).
• Elevate customer experience (“CX”) and Customer First culture across the organisation.
• Develop carbon reduction roadmap towards Net Zero.
• Adopt greater use of Industrialised Building System (“IBS”) to enhance environmental 
sustainability, product quality, productivity and workplace safety.
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
• Announced Net Zero Carbon commitment, setting a clear pathway towards operational 
Net Zero by 2050.
• Of all 2023 projects, 86% met or exceeded the benchmarks specified in our 
Sustainability Playbook, successfully incorporating green elements in product 
development.
• Operational staff achieved 94% of the target for safety observations set for 2023 
(1,401 actual observations vs target of 1,473).
• Average IBS scores: 66 for Township Development (landed-residential); 56 for 
Integrated Development (high-rise residential); and 70 for Industrial.
SHORT TO MEDIUM-TERM FOCUS AREAS
Introduce new initiatives to improve safety, sustainability and customer-centricity practices, further deepening our 
culture of responsibility and accountability across the organisation.
125Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 128 ----
DEVELOP NEW CAPABILITIES
KEY PRIORITIES 
• Foster collaboration with best-in-class partners.
• Enhance land bank management and monetisation.
• Maximise placemaking at our developments.
Driving positive transformation in our business operations by seizing opportunities in new areas and harnessing the power 
of partnerships and strategic collaborations to bolster our capabilities.
SHORT TO MEDIUM-TERM FOCUS AREAS
Assess the technical and commercial feasibility of MMC, gain insights from JV partners and elevate placemaking across 
townships.
INITIATIVES
• Partner and work with best-in-class partners.
• Experiment with product innovation utilising Modern Methods of Construction 
(“MMC”).
• Land bank management and monetisation.
• Expand and enhance placemaking across townships.
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
• Strategic collaboration with Maybank, integrating Maybank Home2u financing 
platform into Sime Darby Property’s OBS.
• Established MOU with Tenaga Nasional Berhad to explore development of sustainable 
energy initiatives.
• Enhanced design standardisation of 10 primary builds with the target of reducing 
build time and optimising cost.
• Activated ~940 acres of land in 2023, with approximately 100 acres from industrial 
land activation.
• Completed land acquisition of Sg. Kapar of 949 acres.
• Public opening of the award-winning 53-acre KL East Park.
PRIORITIES FOR 2024
• Leverage partnerships to 
grow in new markets.
• Expand and enhance  
placemaking across all 
townships.
• Operationalise new retail 
offering – Elmina Lakeside 
Mall.
• To increase R&D efforts in 
design and building materials.
126
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Strategic Performance Review

---- Page 129 ----
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
KEY PRIORITIES 
• Core IT process rationalisation.
• Cloud computing and enterprise data warehouse.
• Data security framework.
• Data-driven decision making.
• Collaborative platforms.
• Software, apps and developers.
Future-proofing our business model against disruptive global trends by digitising and digitalising our core processes, 
empowering the exploration of new frontiers within technology, innovation and R&D.
INITIATIVES
• Continue onboarding consultants and contractors to our digital collaborative platform 
to enhance project management.
• Develop Sime Darby Property’s digital application.
• Adopt top-tier cybersecurity levels.
2023 ACHIEVEMENTS
• Implemented Procore solutions for a total of 125 projects.
• Completed Phase 1 of the Sime Darby Property App, with the key functionality of 
providing construction and billings progress updates.
• Integrated end-financing into the Online Booking System via strategic collaboration 
with Maybank.
• Commenced pilot stage of 4D Building Information Modeling (“BIM”) to improve 
progress visibility, on-site safety and collaboration.
• Integrated ERP and eProcurement systems.
SHORT TO MEDIUM-TERM FOCUS AREAS
Enhance and onboard digital tools and solutions to further improve operational efficiency, optimise costs, improve 
cybersecurity, unlock collaborative synergies and deliver enhanced services.
PRIORITIES FOR 2024
• Launch the Sime Darby Property 
App and continue Phase 2 
functionality developments.
• Implement real-time data 
visualisation and analytics of 
key data-points and customer 
touchpoints.
• Continuous enhancements to 
the cybersecurity framework.
127Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 130 ----
Organisational Excellence
To raise productivity and enrich 
our talent pool.
Safety & Sustainability
To develop a safe 
workplace for our 
employees and business 
associates in the pursuit 
of our three strategic 
pillars of People, Planet 
and Prosperity.
Customer First
To elevate customer 
experience across all key 
touchpoints and adopt new 
technologies to engage and 
interact with customers.
Tech & Innovation
To develop technological 
capabilities by expanding 
the use of digital channels 
and data analytics.Branding & Communication
To enhance stakeholder 
interest in the Group’s 
innovative offerings and 
solutions as a lifestyle 
developer via communication 
activities.
New Revenue Streams
To establish a strong 
presence in other segments 
of the real estate industry, 
accelerating income 
diversification and 
complementing our 
property development 
business. OUR SEVEN 
FOCUS AREAS
Operational Excellence
To be a performance-driven 
organisation, with continuous 
improvement in the way 
we work.
128
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Strategic Performance Review

---- Page 131 ----
DIVIDEND PAYOUT
SALES ACHIEVED
UNBILLED SALES
FINANCIAL METRICS
204.0
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
68.0
68.0
136.0
170.0
65.4%
133.4%
46.3% 43.1%
65.4%
46.3% 43.1% 41.7%
Dividend declared (RM million)
Dividend payout % (excl. one-offs)
3.6
3.6
1.6
1.6
2.4
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
0.7 0.5
1.2
1.7
1.4
Unbilled Sales (RM billion)
Cover ratio: Unbilled Sales/
Last Twelve Months PD Revenue
3.7
3.3
2.0
3.1 
3.0
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
Sales achieved (RM billion)
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
Backed by a healthy financial performance, the Group has declared a dividend of 
2.5 sen per share amounting to RM170 million. This dividend payout represents 
41.7% of the Group’s net earnings for the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
2023 TARGETS
Seeking to deliver sustainable value to shareholders, the Group is committed 
towards maximising shareholder returns while taking into account funding 
requirements for growth and transformation.
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
Our total unbilled sales at 31 December 2023 reached RM3.6 billion, while our 
cover ratio moderated to 1.4x from 1.7x in 2022, supported by contributions 
from residential high-rise and industrial projects as well as strong sales momentum 
in FY2023.
2023 TARGETS
To strengthen our future earnings visibility and future sales recognition,  
we set the target of achieving a cover ratio of at least 1.0x. 
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
We closed out the year with RM3.3 billion in sales, exceeding our revised 2023 
target by 22%.
2023 TARGETS
Sales from Property Development is our largest revenue contributor. Taking 
weaker economic environment into consideration, we initially targeted to 
achieve RM2.3 billion in sales in FY2023. As the year progressed, we elevated 
our sales target to RM2.7 billion on the back of stronger than expected 
take-up rates and launches. 
129Integrated Report 2023
Key Performance Indicators
STRATEGIC REVIEW

---- Page 132 ----
VALUE OF PROJECTS LAUNCHED
COMPLETED INVENTORIES
GROSS PROFIT
‘23‘20 ‘21‘19 ‘22
2,917
1,668
3,594
2,045
5,108
Number of units launched
GDV of projects launched 
(RM billion)
2.3
1.5
3.7
2.6
4.0
Completed (RM million)
Completed/Inventory (%)
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
710.1
738.5
373.5
351.8
390.3
31.4% 32.8%
11.2%
13.3% 10.5%
Gross Profit (RM million)
Gross Profit Margin (%)
792.3
24.9%
15.5%
320.7
26.6%
30.1% 29.4%
589.3
826.6
1,009.0
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
FINANCIAL METRICS
2023 TARGETS
We seek to maintain a steady pipeline of product launches to preserve and 
enhance our earnings visibility and to extract value from our land bank. In 
FY2023, we set the target of achieving RM4.0 billion in GDV.
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
Our total GDV of new launches reached RM4.0 billion, with residential landed 
making up 38%, residential high-rise 34% and industrial products 17%.
2023 TARGETS
We seek to achieve a Gross Profit Margin of between 20% to 25% in FY2023.
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
Our Gross Profit was 29.4% of total revenue, surpassing our guidance for the year.
2023 TARGETS
We set the target of achieving Completed Inventories of less than or equal 
to 10% of total inventories.
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
Our Completed Inventories stood at RM390.3 million, or 10.5% of total 
inventories, at the year end, representing a significant improvement over the 
previous year.
130
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Key Performance Indicators

---- Page 133 ----
NON-FINANCIAL METRICS
LAND ACTIVATION
NET PROMOTER SCORE (“NPS”)
EMPLOYEE SAFETY OBSERVATION REPORTING
1,250
~940
250
300
800
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
Land activation (acreage)
77%
94%
n/a
n/a
70%
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
Employee Safety Observation 30%
69%
70%
55%
68%
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
Net Promoter Score
2023 TARGETS
We seek to develop our landbank in order to unlock the value of our assets 
and contribute to the Group’s development. 
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
During the year, a total of approximately 940 acres of land were activated, comprising 
540 acres utilised for property development and 400 acres of non-core land sold off.
2023 TARGETS
To ensure we deliver consistently high v alue and service to our customers,  
we had set the target of scoring 60% for FY2023.
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
Attained a NPS of 70% at our “My Home Key Collection” customer touchpoint, 
with our improved score reflecting the success of our ‘High 5’ initiative in 
delivering a rewarding key collection experience.
2023 TARGETS
We place top priority on the saf ety of our employees, contractors and 
business partners, setting the target of submitting at least one (1) safety 
observation per quarter, per employee in FY2023. 
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
In our third year of monitoring our safety observation reporting, which was 
expanded across all segments last year, we achieved 94% in safety observation 
and concern reporting submitted by our employees.
Regrettably, the organisation suffered one fatality on our project site on  
5 December 2023. 
131Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 134 ----
FEMALE REPRESENTATION
LEARNING HOURS
TOTAL CARBON EMISSIONS
44%
36% 64%
56%
46% 54%
36% 64%
54% 46%
GenderNon-
ExecutivesExecutivesMiddle
Management
Senior
Management
Male Female
14,852
16,387
38,452
35,801
17,036
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
Total carbon emissions (tCO2-e)
8.72
6.09
2.4
2
2.2
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
Average learning hours (days)
NON-FINANCIAL METRICS
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
Women continue to be robustly represented across the Group, with 662 female 
employees making up 44% of our total workforce.
2023 TARGETS
We seek to continuously be an equal opportunity employer and fully embrace 
gender equality. 
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
Total Group emissions reduced by 649 tCO 2-e (Scope 1: 217 tCO 2-e; Scope 2: 
432 tCO2-e) compared to 2022, reflecting energy efficiency initiatives undertaken 
during the year.
2023 TARGETS
We seek to reduce our carbon emissions as we progress towards a net zero 
carbon organisation.
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
We invested a total of RM3.5 million training, accumulating a total of 74,072 
learning hours during the year, which reflects an average of 6.09 learning days 
per employee. 86% of the total learning hours were dedicated to technical, 
functional, and sustainability programmes.
2023 TARGETS
We seek to continuously provide increasingly structured professional 
development opportunities in alignment with our Purpose, Vision, Mission 
and Values.
132
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
STRATEGIC REVIEW
Key Performance Indicators

---- Page 135 ----
ENHANCED CYBERSECURITY
PROCORE PLATFORM IMPLEMENTATION
n/a
3.0
n/a
n/a
n/a
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
Maturity Level Score
89
125
n/a
n/a
n/a
‘23‘21 ‘22‘20‘19
Number of projects
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
We introduced 22 domain enhancements to existing security controls, as well as 
organised 4 training sessions with monthly online updates, which were attended by 
an average of 120 staff each session. As of 2023, we have begun to formulate our 
cybersecurity maturity score, achieving a score of 3.0 in our inaugural assessment.
2023 TARGETS
To protect our digital systems, as well as data belonging to the Group and 
our stakeholders, we are constantly maturing our cybersecurity posture 
with more training and policies. 
ACTUAL ACHIEVEMENT FY2023
We significantly expanded our implementation of Procore solutions to achieve 
end-to-end visibility of all aspects of the property development process, with a 
total of 125 projects on-boarded by the end of 2023. 
2023 TARGETS
To facilitate data sharing and enhance collaboration between different 
stakeholders in development project, we set the target of on-boarding  
120 projects onto the Procore platform.
133Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 136 ----
Our success in FY2023 was underpinned by our agility in adapting to market dynamics and 
overcoming challenges in the operating landscape. Rising materials costs and a shortage 
of skilled labour were significant obstacles, necessitating strategic planning and proactive 
measures to optimise costs, mitigate potential delays and maintain a reliable contractor 
pool for operational stability. We paid close atte ntion to pricing strategies, enhanced 
cost-effective designs and fostered close collaboration with contractors to ensure timely 
delivery. Additionally, we expanded our product range to enhance market penetration and 
provided a carefully calibrated mix of products launched at the opportune times to meet 
existing market demand. By effectively addressing challenges and adeptly responding 
to market trends, we were successful in mitigating potential risks to our operations 
and placed the Group on a robust trajectory of stable and sustainable financial growth.
In FY2023, the Group maintained its robust momentum in activating and monetising our 
land bank. Over the past twelve months, we activated and monetised approximately 
940 acres of land and launched 37 projects with a Gross Development Value (“GDV”) 
of RM4.0 billion, comprising 38% residential landed, 34% residential high-rise and 17% 
industrial products. The increase in our launch of high-rise residential offerings reflects our 
adaptation to shifting market sentiment, with the strong customer response to our launches 
validating our approach. At the same time, we have continued to expand our product 
range within the industrial segment, activating 100 acres of industrial land and launching 
industrial products worth a total GDV of RM689.0 million to fulfil market demand.
Sime Darby Property’s outstanding performance in 
FY2023 underscores our robust financial competencies, 
particularly amidst the uncertainties prevalent at the 
year’s onset. Despite facing challenges such as global 
inflationary pressures, rising material costs and a high-
interest-rate environment, we delivered strong financial 
and operational results that far exceeded our 
commendable achievements in FY2022. Our success 
highlights the Group’s adeptness in capitalising on 
market demand to execute strategic launches of 
competitively priced products in prime locations, 
supported by targeted marketing and sales efforts.
“
“
Group Chief 
Financial Officer’s 
Financial Review
BETTY LAU SUI HING
Group Chief Financial Officer
Revenue
RM3.4 billion
Operating Profit  
RM0.6 billion
Achieved record-breaking financial 
results since the 2017 demerger:
Recorded positive 
operating cash flow of 
RM617.3 million 
(excluding 
land acquisitions)
Maintained record 
high unbilled sales of 
RM3.6 billion
134
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Financial Performance

---- Page 137 ----
The Group’s agility and responsiveness to market dynamics 
resulted in a robust sales performance of RM3.3 billion during the 
year. Sales performance was driven by the timely launching of a 
wide range of products within our major townships, collectively 
valued at RM4.0 billion in GDV in FY2023.
The Group completed the acquisition of two parcels of land 
totalling 949 acres in Kapar, Klang and 760 acres in Seremban, 
Negeri Sembilan during FY2023. Strategically located to leverage 
the success of our ongoing developments in Bandar Bukit Raja and 
Hamilton Nilai City townships, these two land parcels will play 
an important role in strengthening our industrial development 
portfolio in alignment with our SHIFT25 transformation initiative 
as we build our assets under management.
Moreover, the Group reached another significant milestone in 
FY2023 by forming a joint venture with Lagenda Properties to 
develop affordable homes. This strategic move not only supports 
the growing affordable housing market by providing well-priced 
homes in strategic locations but also enables us to enter a new 
market sector, which will potentially generate additional revenue 
streams in the future.
Under the IAM segment, the Group’s continued the drive 
its transformation from a pure-play property development 
company into a diversified real estate company, placing focus 
on expanding recurring income streams via in-house projects, 
joint ventures and fund management platforms. 
With fund raising exercises for our IDF continuing unabated during 
FY2023, the Group is committed to secure the remaining 30% or 
RM300.0 million to close the fund at RM1.0 billion in 1H FY2024. 
Additionally, the segment has prioritised expanding placemaking 
initiatives across townships to further enhance the Group’s 
recurring income streams. We are on track to operationalise 
the new Elmina Lakeside Mall at our City of Elmina township in 
2024, with Senada Mall at the KLGCC Resort expected to follow 
suit in the subsequent year.
The Leisure segment achieved a significant milestone in October 
2023 when it hosted the inaugural LGPA-Maybank Championship 
at KLGCC, solidifying the club’s status as one of Asia’s premier 
golf destinations. Having secured hosting commitments for the 
next two years, KLGCC is strategically positioned to leverage 
this heightened exposure to enhance its offerings, attract more 
members and drive revenue growth.
On the financing front, the Group issued RM600.0 million in 
nominal value Islamic Medium-Term Notes (“IMTN”) under 
its existing RM4,500.0 million IMTN (Sukuk Musharakah) 
Programme on 21 August 2023, bringing the total IMTN issued 
to-date to RM1,400.0 million. Despite the volatile interest rate 
environment, the issuance attracted significant interest from 
diverse fixed-income and high-calibre investors, resulting in an 
oversubscription of more than eight times and accumulating an 
order book valued at over RM4.8 billion.
In enhancing our ESG financing posture, RM200.0 million from the 
Sukuk issuance during the year, contributing to a cumulative total 
of RM350.0 million, was specifically designated as Sustainability 
Sukuk under the Sustainable and Responsible Investment 
(“SRI”) Sukuk Framework issued by the Securities Commission 
Malaysia (“SRI Framework”) and/or ASEAN Sustainability Bond 
Standards issued by the ASEAN Capital Markets Forum (“ASEAN 
Sustainability Bond Standard”). 
In December 2023, the Group’s Sukuk Musharakah Programme 
was accorded an AA+ IS rating with a Stable Outlook for the 
third consecutive year, underscoring investor confidence in the 
Group’s strategies and robust financial standing.
The Group recognises the increasing integration of sustainability 
initiatives and financial stability, with robust ESG commitments 
playing a pivotal role in enhancing business performance and 
facilitating access to financing. It is thus significant that the 
Group has pledged to achieve Net Zero Emissions by 2050, 
alongside interim goals of reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions by 40% by 2030. These established commitments have 
underscored our dedication to long-term sustainability and will 
further reinforce our credibility with stakeholders.
In tandem, the Group is prioritising the enhancement of its 
sustainability reporting framework, particularly from the financial 
reporting perspective. We have initiated compliance readiness 
assessments on the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) S1, which covers General Requirements for Disclosure 
of Sustainability-related Financial Information, and IFRS S2, 
which focuses on Climate-related Disclosures. Our goal is to 
attain full compliance once the effective dates are determined 
and announced.
135Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 138 ----
3,235.4
2,549.5
595.3
413.2
Revenue
26.9%
PBT
44.1%
FY2023 FY2022 FY2023 FY2022
3,436.9
2,742.1
407.9
315.8
Revenue
25.3%
PATAMI
29.2%
610.3
458.9
PBT
33.0%
FY2023 FY2022 FY2023 FY2022 FY2023 FY2022
PBT of RM595.3 million saw a robust increase of 44.1% from 
FY2022 of RM413.2 million. In addition, the higher segment PBT 
is also attributable to a lower share of loss from joint ventures 
and associate, which decreased from RM66.0 million to RM23.3 
million. The decrease in share of loss is attributable to fair value 
gain on land, which offset with write-downs on properties incurred 
by a joint venture.
The segment’s commendable achievement was backed by strong 
sales contribution amounting to RM3.3 billion mainly from 
residential and industrial products in the year under review, and 
escalated on-site development activities in Bandar Bukit Raja, 
Nilai Impian, Serenia City, Elmina Business Park and Hamilton City 
townships. Furthermore, the sale of lands in Negeri Sembilan and 
Kedah has also contributed to current year’s results, in alignment 
with the Group’s land monetisation strategy.
With the alleviation of worker shortages in FY2023, the Group 
successfully completed the handover of 25 phases, delivering a 
total of 3,440 units to customers throughout the year. This reflects 
the Group’s focus on delivering its commitments to customers.
The record level of unbilled sales achieved in the previous year 
held steady at RM3.6 billion by the end of FY2023. Notably, the 
composition of our unbilled sales has shifted towards increased 
contributions from sales of high-rise and industrial products in 
recent years. This diversification extends our earnings and cash 
flow visibility, leveraging on the longer revenue-generating life 
cycles of beyond 3 years.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 
The Group achieved an outstanding revenue growth of 25.3% 
to RM3.4 billion in FY2023 from RM2.7 billion in FY2022. On 
the back of achieving a new historical high revenue, we recorded 
a 33.0% increase in our PBT, which grew from RM458.9 million 
to RM610.3 million, and a 29.2% increase in our PATAMI, which 
rose from RM315.8 million to RM407.9 million despite a higher 
share of losses from joint ventures. FY2023 mark the second 
consecutive year of exceptional performance, building on the 
commendable FY2022 achievements.
The Group’s revenue of RM3.4 billion marked a significant 25.3% 
increase from the previous year, with the growth primarily driven 
by strong sales performance that surpassed initial expectations, 
higher site progress as well as contributions from land 
monetisation.
Excluding land acquisition undertaken during the year, the Group 
recorded a positive operating cash flow of RM617.3 million for 
FY2023.
PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT
Property Development segment continues to be the primary 
revenue contributor for the Group, constituting 94.0% of the 
Group’s total revenue. The segment registered a substantial year-
on-year growth with revenue of RM3.2 billion, marking an increase 
of 26.9% from RM2.5 billion in FY2022. Concurrently, the segment 
SEGMENTAL FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
136
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Property Development (RM’ million)
Group (RM’ million)
Financial Performance
Group Chief Financial Officer’s Financial Review

---- Page 139 ----
INVESTMENT AND ASSET MANAGEMENT
The investment and asset management segment maintained its 
revenue contribution at RM107.8 million, marginally lower than 
FY2022 of RM107.9 million. Notably, KL East Mall continued to 
register a healthy occupancy of 90% as at 31 December 2023, 
improved from 85% in FY2022, while Melawati Mall’s occupancy 
improved to 87%. 
Despite maintaining its topline revenue, the segment’s PBT 
declined by 54.1% to RM15.8 million as compared to RM34.4 
million in the previous year. The FY2023 PBT was impacted by 
the share of loss from joint ventures, in contrast with share of 
profit in FY2022. The current year loss was mainly attributed to 
fair value loss on investment properties and higher finance costs 
incurred by a joint venture. 
LEISURE
The Leisure segment registered a revenue increase of 10.7% to 
RM93.7 million, compared to RM84.7 million in the previous 
year. This growth was driven by a higher number of events and 
functions, leading to increased revenue from banqueting and 
food and beverages. 
However, the segment reported a LBT of RM0.8 million, in 
contrast to a profit of RM11.3 million in FY2022. This loss was 
primarily attributed to escalating operating costs and expenses 
incurred in intensifying maintenance activities for its golf course, 
specifically in preparation for the Ladies Professional Golf 
Association (“LPGA”) tournament held in October 2023.  
In contrast, FY2022 segment profit was supported by a gain of 
RM8.9 million from the disposal of a leisure property in Vietnam. 
FINANCE COSTS
Through effective debt management, the Group contained its 
finance cost despite an increase in interest rates. Total finance 
costs amounted to RM146.6 million, comprising borrowing costs 
from conventional and Islamic borrowings as compared to 
RM145.5 million in FY2022. 
The Group maintained a weighted average cost of borrowings 
at 4.6% per annum, a marginal increase from 4.5% per annum 
recorded in FY2022, aligning with prevailing market trends. This 
reflects the Group’s proactive approach to financial management 
in navigating the high interest rate environments, as further 
elaborated under the funding mix section.
TAXATION
The effective tax rate for the FY2023 of 30.3% is higher than 
statutory tax rate of 24% due to movement in deferred tax asset 
not recognised for losses incurred by certain subsidiaries and 
non-deductible expenses.
DIVIDEND 
Leveraging the Group’s strong financial performance and 
position, the Board has approved a dividend of 2.5 sen per share 
or RM170.0 million for FY2023, which represents a dividend 
payout of 41.7% of the Group’s net earnings for FY2023. In 
determining dividend payout, the Group has taken into 
consideration the need for shareholder returns and the retention 
of funds essential for our growth plans in building a recurring 
income portfolio with extensive capital and funding requirements.
93.7
84.7
(0.8)
11.3
Revenue
10.7%
(LBT)/PBT
>100%
FY2023 FY2022 FY2022
FY2023
107.8
107.9
15.8
34.4
Revenue
0.1%
PBT
54.1%
FY2023 FY2022 FY2023 FY2022
137Integrated Report 2023
Investment And Asset Management (RM’ million) Leisure (RM’ million)

---- Page 140 ----
FINANCIAL POSITION REVIEW
INVENTORIES MANAGEMENT
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s total inventories increased 
to RM6.5 billion, reflecting a notable increase of 17.2% from 
RM5.5 billion recorded as of 31 December 2022. This increase 
was primarily driven by the Group’s strategic land acquisitions, 
in Kapar, Klang and Seremban, Negeri Sembilan totaling 
RM782.2 million. These land acquisitions are strategically located 
to leverage on the success of our ongoing developments in 
Bandar Bukit Raja and Hamilton Nilai City townships.
Concurrently, the Group continues to maintain its current 
inventories at manageable level by launching projects that are 
aligned with market demand, offering them at right price points 
and in strategic locations within our townships. 
Property development costs
Property development costs for ongoing projects stood at 
RM1.8 billion. The amount reflects a high level of development 
activities within the Group’s major townships, including Bandar 
Bukit Raja, City of Elmina, Serenia City and Hamilton Nilai City 
as the Group continues to execute its development plans and 
meet market demands.
Additionally, during the financial year, a total of RM914.8 million 
was transferred from land held for property development. This 
transfer signifies the Group’s continuous efforts to accelerate 
land activation and expand its launching pipeline. 
Completed inventories 
As at 31 December 2023, our completed inventories have 
decreased to RM244.4 million, marking the lowest level since 
the demerger. This reduction was attributed to a decrease in 
inventories in KLGCC Resort, Taman Melawati, Planters’ Haven 
and KL East townships, as a result of effective and targeted 
marketing and sales efforts.
WORKING CAPITAL/LIQUIDITY MANAGEMENT
In FY2023, the Group maintained positive operating cash flow, 
showing its ability to generate cash from core business activities. 
This was largely driven by increase in progress billings and 
improved collection efforts in credit management, in addition to 
higher sales from residential, commercial and industrial products. 
3,440 residential and commercial units were also handed over 
during the year.
Despite incurring land acquisition costs of RM808.2 million, the 
Group effectively managed its working capital, as evidenced by 
a relatively low net borrowings raised for FY2023 amounting to 
RM52.3 million. This demonstrates the Group’s ability to finance 
its operations and expansion initiatives while effectively 
managing its debt levels.
The Group’s total cash and cash equivalents stood at RM602.6 
million, reflecting a healthy liquidity position as at end of 2023.
RM‘million FY2023 FY2022
Operating cash flow 617.3 1,015.5 
Payment for land acquisitions (808.2) –
Investing cash flow 19.3 32.4
Financing cash flow
Dividends paid (141.4) (78.8)
Net finance cost paid (98.9) (114.0)
Net borrowings raised 52.3 (757.3)
Others (35.0) (22.3)
Foreign exchange differences 11.9 0.2
Net cashflow (382.7) 75.7
DEBT AND FUNDING MANAGEMENT 
As part of the Group’s debt and funding management, it closely 
monitors its gearing ratio, funding mix balance including debt 
maturity profile, forex risk as well as interest rate risk.
The Group’s Borrowings
The Group continued to manage its gearing diligently, with a 
focus on maintaining healthy debt levels.Total borrowings 
reduced by 4.7% from RM3.0 billion to RM2.9 billion as at 31 
December 2023. The Group’s net gearing for FY2023 is 22.7% 
while the gross gearing ratio reduced to 28.6% in FY2023 from 
32.0% in FY2022.  
RM‘million FY2023 FY2022
Total Borrowings 2,894.0 3,037.8 
Lease Liabilities 45.4 45.6
Total Debt 2,939.4 3,083.4 
Cash and Bank Balances 
(including cash under Housing 
Development Accounts)602.6 985.3
Total Equity 10,283.5 9,644.8
Gross Gearing Ratio (%) 28.6 32.0 
Net Gearing Ratio (%) 22.7 21.8
138
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Financial Performance
Group Chief Financial Officer’s Financial Review

---- Page 141 ----
Funding Mix 
The Group maintained an optimal funding mix and well-balanced borrowing portfolio, by broadening its funding options for greater 
flexibility in supporting the Group’s long-term growth initiatives.
In FY2023, the Group consistently upheld a balanced portfolio between its conventional and Islamic borrowings, maintaining its 
status as a shariah counter on Bursa Malaysia, where the Group’s conventional loans over total assets ratio was below the Securities 
Commission’s 33% requirement. As at 31 December 2023, the ratio stands at 1.6% compared with 4.6% at end 2022. The Group’s 
Islamic and conventional funding mix is reflected in the following chart.
The debt maturity portfolio of the Group is managed to ensure optimal repayment spread to alleviate high cashflow requirements 
in any one period, as well as to reduce both concentration and refinancing risks. 85.7% of the Group’s total borrowings has a 
maturity period ranging from 2 to 10 years, while 9.6% of the borrowings are due in less than a year. The 4.7% balance comprises 
borrowings under revolving credit which can be rolled over periodically. 
8.9%
RM258.9 
million
23.3%
RM706.6 
million
91.1%
RM2,635.1 
million
76.7%
RM2,331.2 
millionFY2022
RM3,037.8 million
FY2023
RM2,894.0 million
Islamic Conventional
9.6%
RM276.4 
million
4.7%
RM136.9 
million
14.8%
RM449.1 
million
10.0%
RM304.8
 million
85.7%
RM2,480.7 
million
75.2%
RM2,283.9 
million
FY2022
RM3,037.8 million
FY2023
RM2,894.0 million
More than 1 year Less than 1 year Revolving credits
The Group’s repayment portfolio:
RM’ million
Revolving 
credits < 1 Year 1 to 2 Years 2 to 5 Years > 5 Years Total
FY2023 136.9 276.4 384.1 1,669.9 426.7 2,894.0
Percentage (%) 4.7 9.6 13.3 57.7 14.7 100.0
FY2022 304.8 449.1 308.8 1,352.4 622.7 3,037.8
Percentage (%) 10.0 14.8 10.2 44.5 20.5 100.0
* Relates to amounts under revolving credit facilities which are rolled over on a periodic basis.
139Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 142 ----
Exchange rate and interest rate management
The Group manages exchange rate risk via a natural hedge. During the year, the Group has substantially reduced its exposure to 
exchange rate risk from borrowings denominated in foreign currency through partial repayment of its revolving credits denominated 
in Pound Sterling with repatriation proceeds from the Battersea Power Station.
With the volatile interest rate environment in 2023, the Group’s strategy was to ensure that interest rate volatility was caref ully 
managed and the repayment profiles of new borrowings are aligned with the cash flows from the underlying assets being funded 
to mitigate cash flow risks. Through the issuance of RM600.0 million Sukuk Musharakah which was largely used to part fund the 
Group’s long-term assets, and the partial repayment of revolving credits in 2023, the composition of fixed-rate borrowings over 
total borrowings increased by 20.5% to 64.5% as of 31 December 2023. The higher proportion of fixed rate borrowings further 
mitigate the risk of interest rate volatility. 
35.5%
RM1,028.8 
million 
56.0%
RM1,700.7 
million
64.5%
RM1,865.2 
million
44.0%
RM1,337.1 
million
FY2022
RM3,037.8 million
Fixed rate Floating rate
FY2023
RM2,894.0 million
Available facilities 
Subsequent to the issuance of the Sukuk Musharakah in 2023, 
the remaining balance available for issuance under the IMTN 
programme stood at RM3.1 billion – bringing the total undrawn 
facilities of the Group to RM4.9 billion as outlined below. These 
facilities will be able to support the Group’s diversified business 
model, in achieving a sustainable project pipeline as well as 
building its recurring income portfolio.
RM’ million Facility Limit
Facility Limit 
Available
Bank Borrowings 4,424.4 1,764.3
IMTN Programme 4,500.0 3,100.0
Total 8,924.4 4,864.3
OUTLOOK
Positive market sentiment is expected to continue in 2024 and 
the Group expects an upward but moderate growth trajectory in 
the property and retail sector, taking into consideration 
challenges posed by inflation and high Overnight Policy Rate 
(“OPR”), weaker currency leading to higher import prices, and 
Sales and Service Tax (“SST”) hike that took effect from 1 March 
2024. With that, the Group has announced a sales target of RM3.0 
billion and launches worth RM3.9 billion for 2024.
The Group’s strong financial position with a cash reserve of 
RM602.6 million and a relatively low net gearing ratio of 23% 
enables the Group to further accelerate land bank activation in 
the Property Development segment and continue to diversify its 
product range and launch at appropriate price points in strategic 
locations to effectively meet market demand, including its new 
venture into Seed Homes under the affordable homes segment.
In tandem with the acceleration efforts on the Property 
Development segment, the Group will also direct its financial and 
operational resources in carrying out strategic initiatives aimed 
at building a recurring income stream within the Investment and 
Asset Management segment. The Elmina Lakeside Mall opening 
is slated for 2024, whilst intensive planning and marketing efforts 
are also underway for the industrial segment assets which are 
expected to significantly increase the Group’s asset under 
management in the middle to longer term.  
The Group remains committed to executing its SHIFT25 
transformation journey, aiming for greater heights in 2024. As 
the Group builds up its portfolio of recurring income assets 
through external funding, debt level is expected to increase. 
However, barring any unforeseen circumstances, the Group 
foresees that the solid foundation laid thus far through high 
financial discipline will enable the Group to continue its growth 
trajectory and sustain its resilient financial performance in 2024.
140
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Financial Performance
Group Chief Financial Officer’s Financial Review

---- Page 143 ----
TOTAL VALUE DISTRIBUTED
20%
RM208.4 
million
20%
RM178.3 
million30%
RM326.2 
million
31%
RM277.4 
million
25%
RM269.6 
million
23% 
RM211.8 
million
Employees Government & societyProviders of capital Reinvestment and future growth
Driven by improved financial performance, the Group generated a total stakeholder value of RM1,071.9 million in FY2023, 
marking a significant increase from RM903.9 million in FY2022. The Group’s dedication to providing sustainable value 
creation for our stakeholders persists unwaveringly.
RM‘million FY2023 FY2022
VALUE ADDED
Revenue 3,436.9 2,742.1
Direct and indirect costs (2,432.7) (1,929.0)
Value Added from Operations 1,004.2 813.1
Other operating expenses (9.8) (29.2)
Other gains 16.6 40.1
Share of results of joint ventures (58.1) (27.8)
Share of results of associates 5.3 1.7
Finance income 113.7 106.0
Total Value Added 1,071.9 903.9
VALUE DISTRIBUTED
Employees 267.7 236.4
Government and Society 208.4 178.3
Providers of Capital
Dividends 170.0 136.0
Finance costs 146.6 145.5
Non-controlling interests 9.6 (4.1)
326.2 277.4
Reinvestment and future growth
Depreciation and amortisation 31.7 32.0
Addition to retained earnings 237.9 179.8
269.6 211.8
Total Value Distributed 1,071.9 903.9
25%
RM267.7 
million
26%
RM236.4 
million
FY2022
RM903.9 million
FY2023
RM1,071.9 million
Statement of Value Added & Value Distributed
141Integrated Report 2023
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Financial Performance

---- Page 144 ----
FINANCIAL RESULTS
RM’million
1QFY2023
31 Mar 2023
2QFY2023
30 Jun 2023
3QFY2023
30 Sep 2023
4QFY2023
31 Dec 2023
FY2023 
Total
Revenue  685.3  688.9  1,050.0  1,012.7  3,436.9 
Operating profit  113.5  116.3  254.1  122.5  606.4 
Share of results from joint ventures & associates  (27.4)  (19.3)  (20.7)  14.7  (52.7)
Other gains/(losses)  5.1  4.0  (6.1)  13.6  16.6
Profit before interest and tax  91.3  101.0  227.2  150.8  570.3 
Profit before taxation  97.9  114.3  228.5  169.6  610.3 
Profit after taxation  61.2  78.8  144.3  133.2  417.5 
Profit attributable to owners of the Company  60.7  71.1  144.9  131.2  407.9 
SEGMENT RESULTS
RM’million
1QFY2023
31 Mar 2023
2QFY2023
30 Jun 2023
3QFY2023
30 Sep 2023
4QFY2023
31 Dec 2023
FY2023 
Total
REVENUE
Property Development 
Investment and Asset Management
Leisure 
636.8 
 26.2 
 22.3 
 639.7
 26.3 
 22.9  
1,002.5 
 26.1 
 21.4 
956.4 
 29.2 
 27.1 
3,235.4 
 107.8 
 93.7 
Total 685.3 688.9 1,050.0 1,012.7 3,436.9
PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX
Property Development 
Investment and Asset Management
Leisure
 92.4 
 3.6 
1.9
111.7 
 3.9 
(1.3) 
220.4
 10.4 
 (2.3) 
 170.8
 (2.1)
 0.9 
595.3 
 15.8
 (0.8) 
Total 97.9 114.3  228.5  169.6  610.3 
 685.3 
97.9
60.7
1QFY2023 2QFY2023 3QFY2023 4QFY2023
114.3
71.1
228.5
144.9
169.6
131.2
 688.9 
 1,050.0 
 1,012.7 
Revenue Profit before taxation Profit attributed to owners of the Company
142
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
(RM’ million)
Quarterly Performance
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Financial Performance

---- Page 145 ----
17%
RM2,705.8 
million
17%
RM2,534.5 
million
65%
RM10,283.5 
million
63%
RM9,644.8 
million
18%
RM2,939.4 
million
20%
RM3,083.4 
million
24%
RM3,900.9 
million
28%
RM4,176.8 
million
7%
RM1,201.1 
million
7%
RM1,085.2 
million
4%
RM593.3
million
4%
RM586.3 
million
41%
RM6,495.0 
million 36%
RM5,543.8 
million
4%
RM602.6 
million
6%
RM985.3 
million
20%
RM3,135.8 
million
19%
RM2,885.2 
million
FY2022
RM15.3 billion
FY2022
RM15.3 billion
FY2023
RM15.9 billion
FY2023
RM15.9 billion
Total equity Total debt Other liabilities 
TOTAL ASSETS
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
  Property, plant and equipment
  Cash and cash equivalents  Inventories   Joint ventures
  Other assets   Investment properties
143Integrated Report 2023
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Statement of Financial Position
Financial Performance

---- Page 146 ----
407.9 
FY2023
315.8 
FY2022
146.9 
FY2021
598.5
FY2019
(501.6) 
FY2020
PATAMI/(LATAMI) (RM’million)
REVENUE (RM’million)
3,436.9
FY2023
2,742.1
FY2022
2,216.6
FY2021
2,062.8
FY2020
3,180.0
FY2019
PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAXATION (RM’million)
610.3
FY2023
458.9
FY2022
280.5
FY2021
665.7
FY2019
(474.8)
FY2020
TOTAL EQUITY (RM’million)
10,283.5
FY2023
9,644.8
FY2022
9,554.0
FY2021
9,193.4
FY2020
9,950.0
FY2019
144
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
5-Year Financial Highlights
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Financial Performance

---- Page 147 ----
RM’million FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 FY2020 FY2019
FINANCIAL RESULTS
Revenue 3,436.9 2,742.1 2,216.6 2,062.8 3,180.0
Profit/(loss) before taxation 610.3 458.9 280.5 (474.8) 665.7
Profit/(loss) after taxation 417.5 311.7 162.3 (535.5) 590.9
Profit/(loss) attributable to owners  
of the Company 407.9 315.8 146.9 (501.6) 598.5
FINANCIAL POSITION
Share capital 6,800.8 6,800.8 6,800.8 6,800.8 6,800.8
Shareholders’ funds 10,057.1 9,519.7 9,412.4 9,013.8 9,721.7
TOTAL EQUITY 10,283.5 9,644.8 9,554.0 9,193.4 9,950.0
Property, plant and equipment 593.3 586.4 615.2 626.2 636.3
Investment properties 1,201.1 1,085.2 987.3 709.0 745.8
Inventories 6,495.0 5,543.8 5,792.3 6,234.3 6,532.8
Joint ventures 3,135.8 2,885.2 3,300.4 2,476.1 2,805.0
Cash (including cash in Housing  
Development Accounts) 602.6 985.3 909.7 801.8 743.3
Other assets 3,900.9 4,176.8 4,017.0 3,941.6 4,019.1
Total Assets 15,928.7 15,262.7 15,621.9 14,789.0 15,482.3
Total debt* 2,939.4 3,083.4 3,898.3 3,409.4 3,296.0
Other liabilities 2,705.8 2,534.5 2,169.6 2,186.2 2,236.3
Total Liabilities 5,645.2 5,617.9 6,067.9 5,595.6 5,532.3
NET ASSETS 10,283.5 9,644.8 9,554.0 9,193.4 9,950.0
FINANCIAL RATIOS (%) 
PBT/(LBT) margin 17.8 16.7 12.7 (23.0) 20.9
PATAMI/(LATAMI) margin 11.9 11.5 6.6 (24.3) 18.8
Return on average shareholders’ funds 4.2 3.3 1.6 (5.4) 6.3
Gross gearing ratio 28.6 32.0 40.8 37.1 33.1
Net gearing ratio 22.7 21.8 31.3 28.4 25.7
SHARE INFORMATION
Basic earnings/(loss) per share (sen) 6.0 4.6 2.2 (7.4) 8.8
Dividend per share (sen) 2.5 2.0 1.0 1.0 3.0
Net assets per share attributable to  
owners of the Company (RM) 1.48 1.40 1.38 1.33 1.43
* Total debt = borrowings + lease liabilities
145Integrated Report 2023
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
5-Year Financial Summary
Financial Performance

---- Page 148 ----
Announcement of Unaudited Consolidated Results
First Single Tier Dividend of 1.0 sen Per Ordinary Share
Second Single Tier Dividend of 1.5 sen Per Ordinary Share
FINANCIAL RESULTS
DIVIDEND
51st ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
25 May
1st Quarter
Ended 31 March 2023
2023
28 August
Announcement of the Notice 
of Entitlement and Payment 
2023
29 September
Date of Entitlement
2023
19 October
Date of Payment
2023
28 August
2nd Quarter
Ended 30 June 2023
2023
24 November
3rd Quarter
Ended 30 September 
2023
2023
23 February
4th Quarter
Ended 31 December 
2023
2024
23 February
Announcement of the Notice 
of Entitlement and Payment 
2024
16 April *
Date of Entitlement
2024
8 May
Date of Payment
2024
20 May
Meeting Date
2024
19 April
Notice Date
2024
*  The entitlement date has been rescheduled from 
15 April 2024 to 16 April 2024 in view of Hari Raya festival.
146
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Financial Calendar
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Financial Performance

---- Page 149 ----
The Group is dedicated to maintaining meaningful engagement with the investment community, with our Investor 
Relations (“IR”) unit responsible for executing a comprehensive calendar of IR activities efficiently and promptly. 
They play a vital role in engaging and sharing information about the Group's strategies and corporate 
developments, as well as financial and operational performance, with existing shareholders and the wider 
investment community. To this end, the team maintains close communication with both domestic and international 
shareholders, fund managers and financial analysts.
The Board of Directors and Executive Leadership team receive regular updates on feedback gathered during investor engagement 
sessions and from sell-side analysts' reports through routine reports prepared by the IR team. 
INVESTOR RELATIONS ENGAGEMENT CHANNELS
Channel Detail Targeted Audience
Corporate 
Website and 
Email
• The IR team ensures that the IR section of the corporate website, available at https://
www.simedarbyproperty.com/investor-relations, is updated promptly and accurately.
• Our website is utilised as a primary online repository, offering both current and 
historical investor-related information to assist investors in making informed decisions.
• Investors may also contact our IR team at investor.relations@simedarbyproperty.com 
for a direct response to their enquiries.
• Institutional 
investors
• Fund managers
• Analysts
• Retail investors/ 
Minority 
shareholders
• Bankers
• Media
Quarterly 
Analyst & Media 
Briefings
• Sime Darby Property conducts analyst and media briefings quarterly following its 
results announcements. In FY2023, all quarterly briefings were conducted virtually 
via livestream, with the exception of our Q2 briefing that featured a hybrid format. 
Our adoption of a virtual format for quarterly briefings provides greater convenience 
and accessibility for stakeholders who wish to participate.
• Presentation materials shared during the briefings are clear, concise and designed to 
address key matters. They are also made available for download on the Group’s 
website. 
• Institutional 
investors
• Fund managers
• Analysts
• Bankers
• Media
One-on-One or 
Small Group 
Meetings & 
Non-deal 
Roadshows
• One-on-one and small group meetings, as well as non-deal roadshows, offer 
institutional investors, fund managers and analysts the opportunity to gain a better 
understanding of our business performance, corporate developments and strategic 
direction on a periodic basis.
• These engagements are primarily conducted via conference calls or small group meetings.
• Institutional 
investors
• Fund managers
• Analysts
Investor 
Conferences & 
Retail Briefings
• The Group actively participates in investor conferences in Malaysia organised by 
research houses, investment banks or Bursa Malaysia. During these conferences, 
corporate development, strategic direction, and financial and operational performance 
updates are presented by the Group.
• This channel serves as a crucial platform to attract the interest of new institutional 
and retail investors or fund managers, while maintaining engagement and rapport 
with existing investors.
• Institutional 
investors
• Fund managers
• Analysts
• Retail investors
Annual General 
Meetings/ 
Extraordinary 
General 
Meetings
• Besides being a platform for existing shareholders to vote on proposed resolutions, 
the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) serves as a vital platform for the Executive 
Leadership team to engage directly with shareholders.
• During the AGM, management recaps the previous year’s performance and 
communicates ongoing strategic plans, key developments and performance updates. 
Shareholders are encouraged to voice any questions or concerns they may have during 
the meeting.
• The 50th Annual General Meeting, followed by an Extraordinary General Meeting was 
conducted virtually from the Kuala Lumpur Golf & Country Club on 24 May 2023.
• Institutional 
investors
• Retail investors/ 
Minority 
shareholders
• Media
147Integrated Report 2023
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Investor Information

---- Page 150 ----
CONFERENCES PARTICIPATED IN FY2023
IR CALENDAR FOR FY2023
In FY2023, the Group upheld an active IR calendar, conducting a series of timely, consistent and transparent engagement activities 
with our investment community. Throughout the year, we executed the following IR activities:
• Organised four quarterly results analyst and media briefings with an average of 50 sell-side or buy-side fund managers and 
bankers, along with 10 media representatives, participating in each briefing;
• Participated in three investor conferences;
• Undertook 48 engagements with investors, fund managers and analysts via non-deal roadshows or one-on-one/small group 
management meetings, including six site visits to townships; and
• Held our 50th Annual General Meeting, as well as Extraordinary General Meeting.
MONTHLY BREAKDOWN OF ENGAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
Engagement with Investors, Fund Managers and Analysts (including site visits) No.
January 2
March 8
April 3
May 2
June 6
July 10
August 1
September 6
October 2
November 8
Total 48
RETURNS TO SHAREHOLDERS
The Group has consistently delivered healthy returns to shareholders, with our dividend payout ratios (excluding one-offs) for the 
past five financial years, from FY2018 to FY2022, ranging from 46.3% to 133.4%. In the current financial year, the dividend pay out 
ratio stands at 41.7%. Looking ahead, the Group remains dedicated to maximising shareholder returns while carefully considering  
funding requirements for growth and transformation. Our dividend policy underscores the Group’s commitment to delivering optimal 
returns to our shareholders.
CGS-CIMB 
Malaysia Virtual 
Corp DAY
CGS-CIMB ESG & 
Sustainability 
Conference 
UBS OneASEAN 
Conference
Jan 2023 June 2023 Oct 2023
148
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Investor Information

---- Page 151 ----
BROAD RESEARCH COVERAGE
Over the past financial year, the number of research houses issuing 
analyst coverage reports for Sime Darby Property increased from 
13 to 14, with BIMB Securities initiating research coverage in May 
2023. As of 23rd March 2024, 79% of research houses have 
stipulated an Add/Buy/Outperform rating while 21% stood at a 
Hold rating, with no sell ratings being indicated. The average target 
share price was RM0.886, approximately 60.8% higher than the 
average trading price during the review period of RM0.551.
The average target share price reflects a discount on Revalued Net 
Asset Value (“RNAV”) of 57%. Below is a summary of the research 
analysts’ rating recommendations and target prices:
TARGET PRICE AS AT MARCH 2024
ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS
Citibank
Credit Suisse
Macquire
Kenanga
Maybank
BIMB Securities
Public Invest
TA Securities
CLSA
CIMB
AmInvestment
Affin Hwang
RHB
Hong Leong
Average Target Price
RM 0.886
1.100
1.050
1.000
0.950
0.930
0.920
0.910
0.900
0.890
0.860
0.840
0.700
0.700
0.660
ADD, BUY, OUTPERFORM
NEUTRAL
NEUTRAL
NEUTRAL
Add/Buy/OutperformHold/Neutral
79%
21%
FY2023 FY2022 FY2021
Number of research houses 14 13 13 
Average target price (RM) 0.886 0.615 0.743
ANALYSTS’ RECOMMENDATIONS
Add/Buy/Outperform 11 (79%) 11 (84%) 9 (69%)
Hold/Neutral 3 (21%) 1 (8%) 3 (23%)
Sell 0 (0%) 1 (8%) 1 (8%)
149Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 152 ----
SUMMARY OF INVESTOR INTERESTS
The key concerns and considerations of our investors, along with a summary of our response towards each area of focus, is tabulated 
below:
Focus Area Our Response
Value 
Proposition
• Sime Darby Property is a well-established property developer with a rich history of over 50 years in crafting 
sustainable communities. Our industry growth is underscored by the development of 25 strategically located 
and thriving townships/developments to date. These projects are seamlessly connected to major highways 
and transportation hubs within key growth areas and economic zones.
• We develop an extensive range of properties, predominantly comprising residential freehold units spanning 
from the affordable to high-end segments, including both landed and high-rise units, along with a growing 
portfolio of industrial & logistics, retail and commercial developments. Our steadfast commitment to 
delivering quality products to customers over the past five decades has solidified our reputation as an 
experienced and trusted property developer among Malaysians.
• The Group has expanded its footprint to the UK as part of a Malaysian consortium involved in the development 
of the iconic Battersea Power Station (“BPS”) Project in Central London. The BPS was officially launched in 
October 2022 and has attracted over 13.8 million visitors as of December 2023. Three residential projects 
have been completed thus far, with residential apartments at Phase 2 and 3A having achieved impressive 
take-up rates of 97%, and KOA at Electric Boulevard, which was newly completed in December 2023, 
achieving a take-up rate of approximately 54% as of 31 January 2024. Our two commercial spaces in Phase 
2 and 3A are currently 90% and 85% leased respectively. 
• The Group is embarking on a transformation journey with the aim of transitioning from a pure-play property 
developer to a leading and highly respected real estate company by 2025. This transformation involves 
implementing a diversified business model, with an emphasis on enhancing our recurring income investments 
and assets.
• The expansion of the Industrial & Logistics Development business is identified as a key driver of the recurring 
income approach across six major townships, namely Elmina Business Park, Bandar Bukit Raja, Bandar Universiti 
Pagoh, Hamilton Nilai City, Serenia City and Nilai Impian. In FY2023, the Group achieved an increasingly 
diversified product mix, with industrial and high-rise products accounting for 17% and 34% of the total 
GDV launched, compared to 46% and 12% respectively in FY2022.
• Sime Darby Property possesses approximately 14,800 acres of remaining land banks in Malaysia, with an 
estimated total GDV of RM115 billion. Strategically located, these land banks are interconnected to major 
highways and predominantly situated within key growth areas and economic corridors spanning from the 
central region of the Klang Valley to Negeri Sembilan and Johor in the south. The Group anticipates significant 
potential for these areas in the short to long term.
Financial 
Performance
• In FY2023, Sime Darby Property surpassed financial and operational expectations, delivering an exceptional 
performance amidst a challenging operational environment with its highest revenue, gross profit and operating 
profit since the 2017 demerger.
• The Group’s revenue expanded by 25% to RM3.4 billion, as operating profit grew to RM606.4 million, 
marking a 39% increase compared to 2022. Meanwhile, PATAMI surged by over 29% to RM407.9 million. 
This record financial performance was primarily contributed by the Property Development segment, which 
benefited from improved site progress and recognition of unbilled sales, and saw strong contributions across 
all product categories – residential landed, residential high-rise and industrial developments. Capitalising 
on improvements in the labour market conditions, the segment significantly increased on-site development 
across major townships during the year. 
• Sime Darby Property maintains its commitment to financial discipline and prudent financial management, 
including effective cash flow and inventory management. As of 31 December 2023, the Group held a healthy 
cash balance of RM602.6 million. Meanwhile, our ratio of completed inventories further improved from 
13.3% in 2022 to 10.5% in 2023, reflecting the robust market demand for our products and success of our 
promotional activities during the year. 
150
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Investor Information

---- Page 153 ----
Focus Area Our Response
Capital 
Management 
and Dividend 
Payment
• Sime Darby Property’s capital management plan prioritises the establishment of a sustainable financial model 
aimed at enhancing long-term shareholder value.
• As part of our funding strategy, the Group initiated the RM4.5 billion Sukuk Musharakah Programme for 
Sustainability Sukuk in FY2020. For the third consecutive year, Malaysian Rating Corporation Berhad (“MARC”) 
reaffirmed its investment-grade rating of AA+ IS with a stable outlook for the Sukuk in 2023.
• Sime Darby Property employs a monetisation approach to divest low-yielding and non-core investment 
assets, as well as land. Proceeds from these disposals are channelled back into internal working capital and 
business expansion initiatives.
• As part of its strategic development in Malaysia Vision Valley 2.0, the Group acquired 760 acres of land in 
Labu in October 2021. More recently, we have completed the acquisition of 949 acres of land in Sungai 
Kapar, Klang on 23 August 2023. Both these sites have been earmarked for industrial developments, aligning 
with the Group’s strategy to transform and expand plans while maintaining prudent capital management 
principles.
• The Group utilises joint ventures and partnerships for project funding on catalyst investment assets and 
business expansion. In September 2021, the Group formed a joint venture with LOGOS Property, a renowned 
Asia Pacific logistics specialist, to develop and manage a fund management platform for the expansion of 
our Industrial & Logistics Development activities. The Group has successfully secured commitments for the 
remaining 30% or RM300.0 million to close the fund at RM1.0 billion from local institutional investors and 
high net worth individuals, alongside Sime Darby Property and LOGOS Property as sponsors and co-investors.
• Sime Darby Property aims to maintain a Gearing ratio of not exceeding 50.0%. As of 31 December 2023, 
the Group’s gross and net D/E ratios stood at 28.6% and 22.7%, respectively. Sime Darby Property remains 
vigilant in monitoring its gearing level periodically to ensure sustainability.
• The Group recognises the importance of maintaining a healthy cash position to ensure liquidity. As of  
31 December 2023, Sime Darby Property’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to RM602.6 million.
• Sime Darby Property consistently strives to maximise shareholders’ returns. For the financial year under 
review, the company achieved a dividend payout ratio of 41.7%, declaring a total dividend of 2.5 sen per 
ordinary share for its shareholders.
Overseas 
Exposure
Battersea Power Station Project
• As of 31 December 2023, we have completed three residential phases and two commercial spaces in the 
BPS project, with KOA at Electric Boulevard being the most recent residential building completed in December 
2023. In FY2023, residential sales amounted to 131 units with a total value of £210 million. A total of 135 
units with a value of £243 million have been legally completed and handed over to residents.
• Commercial spaces in Phase 2 and 3A are 90% and 85% leased, with an increase of 45% in Year-on-Year 
footfall at the Power Station boding well for the future. 
• Financial performance in 2024 is expected to improve in tandem with lower holding costs as more units get 
leased out, paired with improved rental income following the expiry of rental rebates. We also expect the 
stabilisation of interest rates, with a potential rate reduction, to enhance demand within the overall UK 
residential market. 
• The Group will explore other international expansion opportunities as they arise, leveraging our presence 
via the BPS Project in the UK and the experience gained from managing the project.
Board & 
Management 
Leadership and 
Employee 
Capabilities
• The Board is chaired by Dato’ Rizal Rickman Ramli, who also serves as the Chief Investment Officer of Private 
& Strategic Investments at Permodalan Nasional Berhad. The Board comprises experienced members with 
extensive expertise and knowledge of the economy, property industry, regulations and governance practices.
• Sime Darby Property is led by the experienced Dato’ Azmir Merican and an Executive Leadership team with 
proven track records across various fields, including the real estate and property sectors. They are supported 
by a team of talented and committed employees within the Group.
• Sime Darby Property prioritises the development and maintenance of a competent and sustainable talent 
pool to ensure seamless succession planning.
151Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 154 ----
SHARE PRICE AND MARKET CAPITALISATION
FY2023 Mar-23 Jun-23 Sep-23 Dec-23
Price – Highest (RM) 0.54 0.50 0.75 0.68
Price – Lowest (RM) 0.45 0.45 0.47 0.57
Market Cap on Last Trading Day (RM Billion) 3.30 3.16 4.73 4.25
Average Daily Volume (Million Shares) 2.70 2.34 18.48 20.72
SHARE PRICE & VOLUME
0
50
100
150
200
250
3002.00
December
2017
December
2018
December
2019
December
2020
December
2021
December
2022
December
2023
29 December 2017
Highest closing price: RM1.78
Market Capitalisation: RM12.1bil
Shares traded: 13.6mil
29 December 2023
Closing price: RM0.63
Market Capitalisation: RM4.3bil
Shares traded: 12.5mil
3 January 2023
Closing price: RM0.45
Market Capitalisation: RM3.0bil
Shares traded: 0.8mil 
Million Shares
Share Price (RM)
0.00
0.20
0.40
0.60
0.80
1.00
1.20
1.40
1.60
1.80
152
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Investor Information

---- Page 155 ----
Malaysian Equity Net Foreign Funds Flow Sime Darby Property Foreign Shareholding
SIME DARBY PROPERTY’S MONTHLY FOREIGN SHAREHOLDING AND MALAYSIAN EQUITY NET FOREIGN FUNDS FLOW
(6,000)
(5,000)
(4,000)
(3,000)
(2,000)
(1,000)
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
RM Million
Nov
17
Dec
17
Mar
18
Jun
18
Sep
18
Dec
18
Mar
23
Jun
23
Sep
23
Dec
23
Mar
19
Jun
19
Sep
19
Dec
19
Mar
20
Jun
20
Sep
20
Dec
20
Mar
21
Jun
21
Sep
21
Dec
21
Mar
22
Jun
22
Sep
22
Dec
22
273.3
959.9
(12.1)
(4,700.9)
66.2
(986.2)
(1,847.7)
134.7
(486.7)
(1,063.2)
(5,526.9)
(2,891.1)
(1,428.4) (1,268)
(32.6)
(1,176.0)
739.0
(1,141.1)
3,436.7
(532.4)
(1,341.0)
(1,444.9)(1,870.0)
2,330.0
(380)
0.00
2.00
4.00
6.00
8.00
10.00
12.00
14.00
16.00
%
14.96 14.66 14.83
14.22 14.45 14.26 14.63
14.00 13.81
10.78
10.30
9.82 9.68 9.76 9.87 9.97
9.79
9.68
8.18
7.40 7.17
8.20 8.37 8.33 9.32
11.8
SIME DARBY PROPERTY’S TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN (TSR) VS FBM KLCI & BURSA MALAYSIA PROPERTY INDEX
November 2017– 
December 2023
January 2022 – 
December 2022
January 2023 – 
December 2023
Sime Darby Property (TSR) -38.6% -27.0% 45.4% 
FBM KLCI Index -15.3% 4.2% -1.3% 
Bursa Malaysia Property Index -29.2% -5.5% 34.2%
Sime Darby Property (TSR) Bursa Malaysia Property Index FBM KLCI Index
(80.00)
(60.00)
(40.00)
(20.00)
0.00
20.00
40.00
60.00
December 
2017
December 
2018
December 
2019
December
2020
December 
2021
December
2022
December 
2023
153Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 156 ----
Review
Operations
Property 
Development
WHAT WE DO
Our Property Development segment develops and sells a variety of 
properties, specialising in landed and high-rise residential homes as well 
as industrial themed developments. Presently, we possess approximately 
8,400 acres of developable land, with an additional 5,200 acres earmarked 
for future developments. Our land banks are primarily situated in the 
Klang Valley, as well as in Negeri Sembilan and Johor.
154
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 157 ----
BATTERSEA POWER STATION
The Battersea Power Station, one of London’s most iconic 
landmarks, opened in FY2022 following an eight-year restorative 
and transformational development led by a consortium comprising 
Sime Darby Property, SP Setia Berhad and the Employees 
Provident Fund (“EPF”). The mixed commercial development 
features approximately 3.5 million sq. ft. of shops, restaurants, 
cafes, leisure facilities and office space, combined with over 
4,000 homes together with 19 acres of public space including a 
six-acre public park and a town square, named Malaysia Square. 
INDUSTRIAL AND LOGISTICS DEVELOPMENTS
With the goal of broadening our product range in the industrial 
development sector, we are actively growing our industrial 
development footprint through projects at Elmina Business 
Park in Shah Alam, Bandar Bukit Raja in Klang, Serenia City 
in Sepang, Hamilton Nilai City and XME Business Park in 
Negeri Sembilan. As part of our diversification efforts, we 
remain committed to optimising our industrial assets and 
buildings portfolio to sustain revenue while maintaining healthy 
profit margins.
TOWNSHIP AND INTEGRATED DEVELOPMENT
With an impeccable track record spanning more than five 
decades, the Group has consistently delivered quality landed 
and high-rise properties across the residential, commercial 
and industrial development spectrum. Our diverse portfolio 
encompasses affordable homes, luxury residences, malls, 
eco-parks, office buildings, shop lots and industrial business 
parks, enabling us to capture various market segments and 
cater to different lifestyle preferences, affordability and 
business needs. Most recently, the Group launched the first 
serviced apartment, Hype Residences, at our new SJ7 
mixed integrated development located in the mature 
USJ neighbourhood.
OUR PORTFOLIO
Park One, Melawati 
Battersea Power Station
Aerial view of Elmina Business Park, City of Elmina
155Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 158 ----
Property Development
KEY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS IN 2023
Despite various headwinds affecting property development, 
most notably an increase in the cost of materials, Sime Darby 
Property capitalised on recovering consumer sentiment fuelled 
by the economic rebound to launch a total of 37 projects 
during the year. These projects had a combined GDV of RM4.0 
billion and garnered an average take-up rate of 75%.
Ten (10) launches comprised industrial products with a total 
GDV of RM689 million. Our impeccable track record at Elmina 
Business Park, Serenia City and XME Business Park in Nilai 
Impian continued into 2023 as four developments within these 
projects achieved a remarkable 100% take-up rate, reflecting 
strong demand from the market and underscoring our growing 
reputation as a developer of desirable industrial parks.
The remaining launches primarily consisted of residential 
products. Landed residential products launched comprised a 
total GDV of RM1.5 billion and achieved an average take-up 
rate of 73%. Standout projects with notable take-up rates 
included Anisa in Serenia City and Emilia in Nilai Impian.
Meanwhile, high-rise residential launches contributed to a total 
GDV of RM1.4 billion. These launches included Teja in SJCC, 
Serasi Residences in Putra Heights and Hype Residences in SJ7, 
with the latter being the first serviced apartment launched in 
our new SJ7 mixed integrated development. 
OUR KEY FOCUS AREAS
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
While we started the year with a prudent approach, the 
national real estate landscape turned favourable as 2023 
progressed. Economic optimism supported an increase in 
domestic demand while improving labour market conditions 
and stabilising interest rates, alongside favourable government 
policies, empowered us to expand our launches and construction 
activities during the year.
Leveraging the surge in demand, we attained total sales of 
RM3.3 billion in 2023, surpassing our annual sales target by a 
significant margin. Our strategic focus on diversifying our 
residential portfolio was evident in our product mix, with high-
rise offerings constituting 34% of our new launches in 2023, a 
notable increase from 12% in the preceding year.
In response to evolving market and stakeholder expectations 
for greater placemaking and sustainability initiatives, we 
simultaneously ramped up our efforts to execute placemaking 
initiatives to enhance the value of our townships and integrate 
sustainability elements into our development plans. 
Ensuring all financial and 
operational goals and targets 
are met.
Speeding up placemaking initiatives 
and execution plans to enhance the 
quality and value of our townships. 
Leveraging technology and 
innovation to increase operational 
efficiencies. 
Serenia Anisa, Serenia City
156
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
OPERATIONS REVIEW

---- Page 159 ----
Strategic Focus Progress Updates
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Expand revenue streams through 
increasing diversification into 
premium and high-value  
products, thereby optimising our 
margins.
> Launched a new premium product
• Elmina Peak, a homestead-style project in City of Elmina.
> Undertook high-value product launches
• Achieved strong reception to industrial products in Bandar Bukit 
Raja, Serenia Industrial Park in Serenia City and XME Business Park 
in Nilai Impian.
Provide desirable products with 
the right pricing, aligned with 
market demand.
Successfully achieved take-up rates of over 90% for the following projects: 
> Residential
• Anisa in Serenia City
• Emilia in Nilai Impian
• Teja in SJCC
> Industrial
• Elmina Business Park
• Cipta Utara in Serenia City
> Commercial
• Temu 2 in City of Elmina
Further strengthen placemaking 
capabilities to add value to our 
developments, while involving 
more community-centric events 
and engagements.
The following value-added projects and amenities were activated in 2023:
> KL East Park – Opened in February.
> Glades Plaza – Revitalised Glades Plaza by bringing in sought-after 
retailers such as Starbucks (Opened in June) and Jibby & Co. (Opened in 
August).
> PARC @ Taman Subang Ria – Opened in June.
> Bandar Bukit Raja Townpark – Featuring three Malaysia Book of 
Records entries for the Largest Recreational Park with Renewable 
Energy, the Largest Crown Structure and the Biggest Solar-Powered 
Signage. Officially opened in December.
The following community-centric events and engagements were undertaken:
> Launched a community event to revive Glades Plaza
• A monthly thematic BuzzarRia
> Organised niche curated activities at the International Gallery within 
our KLGCC Resort township:
• Anniketyni Art Exhibition
• Robert Wan Event
• Grand Raya Bazaar
> Organised environmental, social and sporting events and activities 
within our township parks:
• Sime Darby Property Familly Fitness Fun Day, KL East Park 
• International Canoe Race, Bandar Universiti Pagoh
• Citizen Scientist at Elmina Rainforest Knowledge Centre, City of Elmina
157Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 160 ----
Property Development
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
MALAYSIA PROPERTY AWARD 2022 (FIABCI - 
MALAYSIA CHAPTER)
Launched the new Elmina Peak high-end development in 
City of Elmina
Registered encouraging take-up rates across all projects
Launched our first serviced apartment at our new SJ7 
mixed integrated development
Announced our 
Net 
Zero by
 2050
commitment
Continued 
incorporating 
sustainability 
design elements
from the planning 
stage
Protected 
ecosystem by
regenerating 
and conserving 
biological 
diversity at our 
townships
Sustainable Management Category: 
Developer Category:
Developer Category:
Environmental & Landscape Management Awards 
(Excellence) | City of Elmina and Serenia City
Landscape Master Plan Awards (Honour) | City of 
Elmina and Bandar Bukit Raja
Completed Project Awards (Excellence) & 
Landscape Resource Preservation & Conservation 
Award | KL East Park
Elmina Peak, City of Elmina
158
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
OPERATIONS REVIEW

---- Page 161 ----
CHALLENGES AND MITIGATION
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
The outlook for 2024 appears optimistic, with expectations of strong performance and robust 
confidence in the property market. In the Klang Valley, the industrial property segment is witnessing 
growth, buoyed by heightened demand from end-users, manufacturers and investors. Additionally, 
high-rise residential developments are experiencing rapid expansion, driven by factors such as land 
scarcity and affordability, leading to increased acceptance of high-rise living.
As we align with market demand, we remain vigilant in managing our costs, particularly as we seek 
to maintain healthy profit margins amidst an environment of sustained high prices for building 
materials. Moving forward, we will place emphasis on the following three key focus areas to foster 
business growth and stability.
Challenge Mitigation
Nationwide labour shortage disrupting 
the construction sector
Explore new construction methods and leverage 
technology to enhance product and process 
efficiencies, reducing reliance on labour.
The rising cost of construction materials 
impacting developer margins, potentially 
leading to an increase in property selling 
prices
Employ effective procurement strategies and 
maintain strong financial discipline to manage 
cost increases while ensuring a healthy profit 
margin.
> Maintain a consistent 
pipeline of launches to 
drive healthy financial 
growth.
> Increase operational  
efficiency by launching 
products that are  
strategically priced and 
tailored to market  
demand, while ensuring 
prudent cost management 
to mitigate costs overrun 
and protect our margins.
> Broaden revenue  
streams via product 
diversification.
> Prioritise growth  
within our recurring 
income businesses.
> Develop new placemaking 
capabilities to manage 
and maintain placemaking 
assets for optimum social, 
economic and  
environmental vibrancy.
> Continue driving  
sustainability and  
biodiversity initiatives.
> Leverage on technology 
and innovation for  
operational excellence.
Financial 
Sustainability
Balancing and 
Expanding Portfolio 
to Invest for 
Future Growth
Placemaking, 
Sustainability and 
Innovation
159Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 162 ----
Review
Operations Investment 
& Asset 
Management
WHAT WE DO 
Our Investment & Asset Management (“IAM”) segment provides 
recurring income through ren tal of investment properties, mall 
operations, returns from our concession business and investment, and 
fee-based income via our Industrial Development Fund (“IDF”).
160
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 163 ----
OUR PORTFOLIO
Our investment portfolio comprises a diverse range of assets in the retail, commercial and industrial & logistics spaces across  
Malaysia & UK, encompassing a total net lettable area (“NLA”) of approximately 7.7 million sq. ft. 
RETAIL
> KL East Mall within the KL East development, with an NLA 
of 401,000 sq. ft. 
> Melawati Mall in Taman Melawati, with an NLA of 615,000 
sq. ft. (A 50:50 JV with CapitaMalls Asia Ltd)
> Glades Plaza at Putra Heights, with an NLA of 36,000 sq. ft. 
> Two new malls to be rolled out in 2024/2025, with the 
Elmina Lakeside Mall at the City of Elmina set to launch to 
the public in Q3 2024, while Senada Mall is expected to 
open its doors in FY2025. These malls have an NLA of 207,000 
sq. ft. and 219,000 sq. ft., respectively.
INDUSTRIAL & LOGISTICS DEVELOPMENT (“ILD”)
Sime Darby Property MIT Development Sdn. Bhd. (“SDPMIT”), a 
JV partnership between Sime Darby Property, Mitsui & Co., Ltd. 
and Mitsubishi Estate Co., Ltd, is in the midst of developing the 
Bandar Bukit Raja Industrial Gateway in Bandar Bukit Raja 1. 
To-date, the JV has completed two built-to-suit (“BTS”) facilities 
and a ready-built warehouse (“RBW”) with pre-committed tenants.
CONCESSION ARRANGEMENT
Sime Darby Property Selatan (“SDPS”), a JV with Tunas Selatan 
Pagoh Sdn. Bhd., provides asset management services under a 
concession arrangement for the campus facilities and infrastructure 
at the Pagoh Education Hub in Bandar Universiti Pagoh, Johor. 
The hub currently accommodates four higher educational institutions, 
namely Universiti Teknologi Malaysia, International Islamic University 
Malaysia, Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia and Politeknik Tun 
Syed Nasir Syed Ismail. 
FUND MANAGEMENT 
Through the JV with LOGOS SE Asia Pte Ltd (“LOGOS Property”), Sime Darby Property - LOGOS Property Industrial Development Fund 
1 LP (“IDF”), has secured commitments for the remaining RM300.0 million to close the fund at RM1.0 billion from local institutional 
investors and high net worth individuals, alongside Sime Darby Property and LOGOS Property as sponsors and co-investors of the IDF. 
To date, the JV has commenced construction of its first development, the E-Metro Logistics Park in Bandar Bukit Raja.
COMMERCIAL/OFFICE
Our commercial/office assets in the Klang Valley comprise of 
Wisma MRT, ReGen Rehab Hospital and various assets within 
the premises of our corporate headquarters in Oasis Square, 
including Block F & Block G. Presently, our commercial/office 
assets in Malaysia boasts an average occupancy rate of 96%.
Our overseas commercial asset includes the Battersea Power 
Station in the United Kingdom, held via a joint venture (“JV”).
ReGen Rehab Hospital
KL East Mall
Metrohub 2, E-Metro Logistics Park, Bandar Bukit Raja
161Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 164 ----
KEY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS IN 2023
Executing Growth and Sustainability Strategies
Recognising the potential for sustainable growth within our 
IAM segment, we have begun implementing longer term 
strategies in accordance with our SHIFT25 transformation plan. 
A core component of our approach is undertaking a double-
pronged strategy of growing our asset portfolio both organically 
via Build-to-Core (“BTC”) developments, and inorganically via 
acquisitions and fund formations. To guide our efforts, we have 
developed a Strategic Asset Allocation framework to build a 
resilient portfolio with a balance between defensive and 
cyclical assets for optimal risk adjusted returns. 
Over the year, we delivered on multiple fronts, making progress 
on our BTC strategy across our townships and further expanding 
and diversifying our assets under management (“AUM”). In our 
efforts to explore asset classes adjacent to real estate, we 
initiated new projects in the renewable energy infrastructure 
space. These ongoing projects include the provision of rooftop 
solar solutions for Sime Darby Property’s owned assets, 
exploring residential rooftop solar solutions to support the 
government National Energy Transition Roadmap (“NETR”), as 
well as the potential development of solar farms at our future 
developable landbanks.
To this end, we have signed an MOU with Tenaga Nasional Berhad 
(“TNB”), marking the start of a strategic partnership for the 
exploration and development of sustainable energy initiatives.
Operational Progress
For our existing assets, we placed our focus over the past year 
in driving our operational efficiency and profitability with a 
predetermined asset level Net Property Income (“NPI”) yield 
threshold. The past twelve months saw the commendable 
performance of our first wholly-owned KL East Mall (“KLEM”), 
and with a combination of cost reduction and revenue 
enhancement initiatives, KLEM is on-track to achieve the 
Group’s NPI yield requirements by FY2024. Moving forward, 
our retail division is set to operationalise two new malls in 
between FY2024 and FY2025, both of which will serve the dual 
strategic purpose of enhancing value within Sime Darby 
Property’s townships while generating stable recurring income 
for the Group.
IDF has commenced construction, with Metrohub 1 and Metrohub 
2 currently under progress and has secured the first pre-
committed tenant, J&T Distribution Solutions Sdn Bhd (“J&T”), 
for 21% of the NLA with an option to expand for an additional 
23% of the NLA.
Developing our People
In a bid to enhance the development of our people’s capabilities, 
we have enhanced our organisation structure to strengthen our 
leadership bench and support talent development at IAM. This 
includes hiring key personnel to bolster our capabilities for 
investments & fund management, marketing & leasing, and 
asset management in tandem with our AUM and recurring 
income growth ambitions. 
OUR KEY FOCUS AREAS
Expanding income streams by building a portfolio 
of recurring income assets, from rental income and 
fee-based income.
Executing these businesses via the following 
operating models:
– Joint ventures & partnerships; 
– New fund formation.
Focusing on three main businesses, namely:
– Investments;
– Fund Management; 
– Operations (Retail, Asset Management, 
Concession Arrangement).
Elmina Lakeside Mall, City of Elmina
162
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
OPERATIONS REVIEW
Investment & Asset Management

---- Page 165 ----
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
Malaysia’s economic growth recovery in 2023, underpinned by 
a strong pick-up in domestic demand and improving labour 
market conditions, alongside favourable government policies, 
provided a solid foundation for the real estate sector. Against 
this backdrop, we have successfully completed two BTS 
facilities and one RBW at the Bandar Bukit Raja Industrial 
Gateway, and a further two RBWs under construction at the 
E-Metro Logistics Park.
Despite facing one of the most challenging fundraising 
environments globally for private equity real estate, we have 
secured commitments for the remaining RM300.0 million to 
close the fund at RM1.0 billion by proactively engaging with 
close to 100 potential investors, as well as extending outreach 
efforts to include institutional funds and high-net-worth-
individuals (“HNWIs”).
As domestic demand has showed signs of recovery, tenancy has 
picked up in our existing malls such as KLEM, where key anchor 
tenants including GSC and Camp5 were secured. Development 
of our new malls in the City of Elmina and Senada Integrated 
Development have also made significant progress, with both 
projects on track to be operationalised within the coming years. 
In 2023, key economic initiatives and policy reforms by the 
MADANI government, notably the New Industrial Master Plan 
2030 (“NIMP 2030”) and the National Energy Transition 
Roadmap (“NETR”), have presented opportunities for the 
Group to diversify into sectors adjacent to real estate. These 
include ventures into the renewable energy space via rooftop 
and solar farms, as well as new economy infrastructure assets 
such as data centres.
Progress UpdatesStrategic Focus
Fund 
Management
Sime Darby Property – LOGOS Property Industrial Development Fund 1 LP (“IDF”)
> The fund has continued to capitalise on investors’ appetite for defensive and growth assets, with 
the objective of deriving recurring income.
> Construction of Metrohub 1 and Metrohub 2 at the E-Metro Logistics Park is ongoing with expected 
completion by 2024.
> Secured commitments for the remaining RM300.0 million to close the fund at RM1.0 billion.
Investments Organic strategy (Build-to-Core)
> As part of our BTC strategy, Property Development & IAM segments have collaborated to develop a 
pipeline of BTC assets in strategic locations across townships, as we grow our recurring income base.
> As part of this strategy, we aim to retain key strategic assets within township developments.
Inorganic strategy (Acquisitions)
> We have established a secondary investment growth strategy that involves the acquisition of ready 
built, tenanted Core, Core+ and potentially Value-Add assets.
> We are identifying opportunities to diversify our existing recurring income base from industrial 
and office assets. 
Progress UpdatesStrategic Focus
Fund
Management
Sime Darby Property – L OGOS Property Industrial Development Fund 1 LP (“IDF”)
> The fund has continued to capitalise on investors’ appetite for defensive and growth assets, with 
the objective of deriving recurring income.
> Construction of Metrohub 1 and Metrohub 2 at the E-Metro Logistics Park is ongoing with expected 
completion by 2024.
> Secured commitments for the remainin g RM300.0 million to close the fund at RM1.0 billion.
Investments Organic strategy (Build-to-Core)
> As part of our BTC strategy, Property Development & IAM segments have collaborated to develop a
pipeline of BTC assets in strategic locations across townships, as we grow our recurring income base.
> As part of this strate gy, we aim to retain key strate gic assets within township developments.
Inorganic strategy (Acquisitions)
> We have established a secondary investment growth strategy that involves the acquisition of ready 
built, tenanted Core, Core+ and potentially Value-Add assets .
> We are identifying opportunities to diversify our existing recurring income base from industrial
and office assets.
163Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 166 ----
Strategic Focus Progress Updates
Existing 
Assets
Retail
> We are increasing our operating efficiency via revenue enhancement and cost reduction initiatives 
at KL East Mall to drive our NPI yield in 2024. A new key tenant was secured at the mall in 2023, 
with Camp5 opening its doors in August 2023.
> Three new malls have been added to our retail asset base:
– Elmina Lakeside Mall (Q3 2024)
– Glades Plaza 
– Senada Mall (2025)
Commercial/Office Assets
> Our Asset Management team is carrying out efforts to increase occupancy, reduce operating costs 
& implement sustainability initiatives at our office and commercial assets, while evaluating Asset 
Enhancement Initiatives (“AEI”) where necessary.
Infrastructure 
Investments
Solar Energy Projects
> We will undertake solar energy generation via rooftop solar systems on existing assets and 
through the development of solar farms in our future developable landbanks.
> Our expansion into this sector allows us to leverage on our competitive advantages, including our 
position as a property developer with large rooftop spaces and landbanks, relationships with end 
customers and tenants, as well as our investments and fund management capabilities. 
> Ongoing initiatives include:
– Commercial rooftop solar solutions for the Group’s asset portfolio;
– Residential rooftop solar solutions under NETR; and
– Solar farm developments.
> Our increasing expertise in renewable energy will further enable the Group to support carbon 
reduction initiatives and catalyse projects under the government’s NETR.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
The completion of two BTS facilities and one RBW at the Bandar Bukit Raja Industrial Gateway, and a further two RBWs 
under construction at E-Metro Logistics Park
Welcomed visits from the Duli Yang Maha Mulia Seri Paduka Baginda Raja Permaisuri Agong, as well as the Minister of 
Higher Education at Pagoh Education Hub (“PEH”)
Secured our first tenant at E-Metro Logistics Park
Achieved 90.35% physical occupancy at KL East Mall
Camp5 opened at Level 1 of KLEM on 1 August 2023
GSC has selected KLEM as one of six new sites for its latest IMAX screen feature, with opening expected in May 2024
164
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
OPERATIONS REVIEW
Investment & Asset Management

---- Page 167 ----
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
SAFETY AND HEALTH ASSESSMENT SYSTEM IN CONSTRUCTION (“SHASSIC”)
> 5 Star rating for Metrohub 2 & Metrohub 1 at E-Metro Logistics Park
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
IIUM Takrim (“Quality Day”) 2023: “The Best Commercial Partner” Award | Pagoh Education Hub 
Initiated new commercial, residential and solar 
farm initiatives.
Signed MOU with TNB to explore and develop 
sustainable energy initiatives.
MitigationChallenge
Building up our 
brand and track 
record in 
investment 
and fund 
management
> Develop partnerships or undertake acquisitions of platforms for new fund formation and to 
raise 3rd party capital.
> Adopt a multi-pronged approach that extends to building or acquiring assets beyond the 
Group’s own landbank/developments to grow AUM.
Risk of 
development 
delays
> Control construction costs through value engineering, as well as undertake regular project 
progress reviews. 
> Implement stringent pre-qualifications for consultants and contractors, with increased 
emphasis on contractors’ value-added capabilities and on-hand manpower.
CHALLENGES AND MITIGATION
165Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 168 ----
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
Looking forward, the Group is in an encouraging position to 
capitalise on new government roadmaps and frameworks such 
as the NIMP 2023 and NETR. As a Government-linked Company 
(“GLC”) with strategic landbanks and townships, coupled with 
the development ability to execute new economy infrastructure 
such as renewables, data centers and industrial & logistics 
projects, we aim to leverage on ongoing initiatives and 
megatrends driving these sub-sectors to enhance the value of 
our portfolio.
Meanwhile, we expect domestic interest rates to remain 
favourable despite a global climate of high interest rates, with 
national inflation largely under control in comparison with 
global counterparts. While capital outflows have weakened the 
ringgit, the current environment is favourable for Multinational 
Corporations (“MNCs”) to establish operations in Malaysia to 
benefit from a lower cost of doing business. This will enhance 
the nation’s ability to attract foreign entities to our industrial 
and commercial parks. 
As we progress, we will take note of prevailing trends across 
our various asset classes. For Industrial & Logistics, our outlook 
remains positive based on strong fundamentals, despite 
moderating capitalisation rates within the sector. For 
commercial assets, while there remains a heavy supply of 
offices within the Central Business District (“CBD”), we have 
noted a growing preference for decentralised working spaces 
in fringe communities with good connectivity. For retail assets, 
neighbourhood malls are being favoured by developers for 
defensive qualities, further supported by economic factors such 
as a growing middle income class population.
Metrohub 2, E-Metro Logistics Park, Bandar Bukit Raja
166
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
OPERATIONS REVIEW
Investment & Asset Management

---- Page 169 ----
We are also cognisant of broader real estate trends relevant to 
our IAM operations, and will seek to capitalise on factors 
within and beyond the ESG spectrum, taking into account 
demographic shifts in social infrastructure, the advent of 
defensive digital infrastructure trends, and factors linked to 
the energy transition and net zero ambitions.
Key market dynamics include shifts and contrasts in demographic 
behaviours within the housing sector, exemplified by an aging 
baby boomer population driving the demand for senior housing 
options, while the younger generation are delaying or avoiding 
home purchases. The potentially migratory nature of the latter 
category may increase demand for co-living or serviced 
residence type accommodations in future.
From an industry standpoint, there is a growing need for 
remote data and security centres in line with increasing 
adoption of Cloud Computing, Adaptive AI, Machine Learning, 
IoT and Cross-border cybersecurity. We foresee a secular 
growth trajectory for data centre spaces in the Asia-Pacific 
region as digitalising economies boost the demand for modern 
infrastructure assets. 
We are also seeing increasing institutionalisation of niche 
sector assets such as senior housing, medical offices and 
Purpose-Built Student Accommodation (“PBSA”), revealing new 
opportunities to diversify our asset portfolio. Concurrently, we 
are vigilant of an ongoing evolution in the recalibration and 
optimisation of office workspaces, with the embracing of 
hybrid working arrangements and co-working spaces indicating 
a long-term absorption of trends precipitated by the pandemic. 
This is especially prevalent amongst MNCs and new economic 
sectors that feature a young labour force. 
Having made substantial progress in expanding our business 
model and exploring new opportunities for lateral growth in 
recent years, we have laid a strong foundation to drive 
significant growth within our IAM segment for the foreseeable 
future. 
The Glades Plaza, Putra Heights
167Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 170 ----
Review
Operations
Leisure
WHAT WE DO 
Our Leisure segment is dedicated to delivering top-notch facilities, 
lifestyle services and memorable experiences for customers across our 
four key assets spanning the sporting, events and leisure industries. 
168
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 171 ----
KUALA LUMPUR GOLF & COUNTRY CLUB (“KLGCC”)
With lush and expansive grounds covering 279 
acres of the KLGCC Resort, this award-winning 
club stands as a world-class venue ideal for 
hosting prestigious events.
SIME DARBY CONVENTION CENTRE (“SDCC”)
A premier event venue located in the KLGCC Resort, 
featuring a 17,500 sq. ft. ballroom with a capacity of 
2,600 pax, along with 17 function rooms.
IMPIAN GOLF & COUNTRY CLUB (“IGCC”)
A well-accessible 142-acre golf and country  
club within the mature Saujana Impian  
Township in Kajang, adorned with lush green 
landscapes for all to enjoy.
BAYUEMAS SPORTS AND EVENTS COMPLEX 
(“BAYEUMAS”)
A sports complex in Klang, featuring a cricket 
stadium equipped to host both local and 
international tournaments.
KEY BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS IN 2023
In 2023, Leisure achieved the highest revenue since the 2017 demerger at RM93.7 million. 
The key highlight of the year for the Leisure segment was hosting the Maybank 
Championship sanctioned by the Ladies Professional Golf Association (“LPGA”) at KLGCC in 
October 2023. This tournament featured the participation of 78 professional golfers and 
witnessed an impressive turnout of over 50,000 spectators over four days. The homecoming 
of this prestigious tournament underscores our West Course’s reputation as amongst the 
best in Asia, and we are pleased to have committed to hosting the tournament for the next 
two years. This provides an opportunity to showcase Malaysia and ASEAN to a global 
audience through the LPGA network, which is broadcasted in over 170 markets and 560 
million households.
In recognition of KLGCC’s commitment to delivering world-class golf experience, KLGCC’s 
West Course was listed as one of the Top 100 Golf Course in Asia 2023. KLGCC also won the 
Best Tourism Destinations award at the esteemed Hospitality Asia Platinum Awards (“HAPA”) 
Malaysia Series 2023-2024 as well as the HAPA Resilience Award for the West Course. 
With the growing demand for KLGCC membership over the past twelve months, we have 
placed emphasis on upgrading our golf facilities, giving our club cutting-edge new gym 
equipment and refurbishing our badminton courts to provide our fitness and sports 
enthusiasts with better facilities and elevate their experience. 
Beyond golf and sports facilities, we have also improved the food & beverage offerings at 
KLGCC by bringing in tenants specialising in Korean barbeque and all-day casual dining. 
KLGCC also started its first food & beverage outlet outside the clubhouse under the name 
18 LAB by KLGCC in Ara Damansara.
At SDCC, we continue to see strong banquet demand. For our popular Dapur Ramadan 
buffet, a 15% growth compared to FY2022 was recorded.
IGCC hosted the inaugural Korean Winter Camp in 2023 which is a programme to cater to 
the influx of Korean golfers that arrive in Malaysia to play golf during winter.
OUR KEY FOCUS AREAS
Ensure financial stability and 
growth over the next three 
years.
Continue to deliver five-star 
hospitality and ensure 
operational efficiency.
Enhance lifestyle services 
and activities at the heart of 
the KLGCC Resort township.
Operationalise Safety & 
Sustainability towards Goal 
Zero & Net Zero targets.
Digitalise systems, improve 
digital applications and 
upgrade IT infrastructure.
169Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 172 ----
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
The business environment for Leisure has been positive in 2023 
where we saw encouraging demand for memberships and 
services. This is evidence by a 4.0% increase in total 
memberships at KLGCC, reaching 4,060 units over the past 
twelve months. This increase was mainly driven by social 
memberships taken up by younger members and families. 
Whilst golf remained the primary activity for most members, 
other facilities such as the swimming pool, badminton courts, 
driving range, squash and bowling alley were also popular. 
Notably, F&B outlets consistently experienced high levels of 
activity, catering to both members and guests. 
From an operational perspective, shortage of manpower has 
been a concern for Leisure and we have been taking proactive 
measures to enhance efficiencies while maintaining the high 
level of standards that our brand is synonymous with. We have 
invested in modern machineries to ensure golf course 
maintenance activities can be carried out in an efficient manner.
To ensure we continue to meet the expectations of our 
discerning members and guests, we have organised customer 
services training to upskill Leisure’s employees on customer 
first mindset to provide better customer experience.
Hosted the prestigious Maybank Championship – sanctioned by the LPGA at KLGCC in October 2023
Refurbished gym and sporting facilities at KLGCC
Held 295 successful events in SDCC, reflecting a revenue of RM13.2mil in FY2023
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Progress UpdatesStrategic Focus
Regaining 
recognitions
> Successfully hosted the prestigious Maybank Championship – sanctioned by the LPGA at KLGCC 
in October 2023, marking a significant post-Covid milestone to regain our global standing.
> KLGCC will continue to be the host for Maybank Championship – sanctioned by the LPGA for 
the next two years.
Enhancing 
customer 
experiences
> Refurbished the KLGCC gymnasium with cutting edge equipment powered by Technogym to 
elevate the fitness experience.
> Refurbished the KLGCC badminton courts, bolstering the quality of amenities offered to our 
sports enthusiasts.
Driving positive 
change to improve 
workforce 
engagement
> Implemented a skip level townhall for all leisure employees (minus GM & HODs), addressing 
their concerns and fostering open communication, conducted PVMV sessions to boost staff 
engagement, as well as organised Customer 1st Mindset training to uplift service standard.
> Undertook frequent dialogues with all employees to encourage feedback.
Diversifying 
events offerings
> Successfully grew events at both KLGCC and SDCC, such as the Dapur Ramadan event.
> A total of 1,068 successful events were held in 2023 with a revenue of RM21.74 million, 
compared against 1,011 events and RM15.80 million revenue in 2022.
Creating 
memorable 
cultural journeys
> Launched a Korean Winter Camp in IGCC to cater to Korean golfers visiting Malaysia during 
their wintertime.
> The event marked a successful start in 2023. Moving forward, the event is planned to be held 
annually in cooperation with existing Korean tourism agencies.
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Leisure
170
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
OPERATIONS REVIEW

---- Page 173 ----
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
> Began efforts to digitalise our booking system, enhancing accessibility and fairness while reducing paper usage.
> Set commitments for becoming an urban biodiversity champion and commenced journey towards carbon neutrality, which 
resulted in KLGCC becoming the first and only certified Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary for Golf in Malaysia.
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
Hospitality Asia Platinum Awards Malaysia Series 2023-2024 (HAPA Malaysia):
> Best Tourism Destinations Award | KLGCC
> HAPA Resilience Award | KLGCC West Course
Top 100 Golf Courses 
> Top 100 Golf Courses in Asia 2023 List | KLGCC West Course
2023 STAR ESG Positive Impact Awards
> Silver Winner for Enviromental Category - Energy Efficiency Category | KLGCC
> CEM Award of Excellence in Energy Management | KLGCC
OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS
We are optimistic of seeing a continuing upward trend in revenue as upgrades to our facilities, products and services, along wi th 
the implementation of fair digital booking practices, drive an increase in the number of sporting, dining and other leisure activities. 
Simultaneously, we are seeking to heighten productivity and performance amongst staff, putting into place incentive schemes to 
encourage and reward high performers.
We will also leverage on our hosting commitments for the next two editions of the Maybank Championship – sanctioned by the 
LPGA to grow our membership count and increase loyalty and engagement amongst existing members. 
We also see potential in the growth of our Korean Winter Camp initiative, which has already marked a significant increase in 
revenue during the early months of 2024. While our ability to bring Korean golfers in during their winter season is limited due  to 
the number of available slots, the demand from our members and local golfers underscores healthy growth prospects for this event 
moving forward. 
CHALLENGES AND MITIGATION
MitigationChallenge
Asset lifecycle and 
manpower challenges
> Implement schedule maintenance work to rectify all assets and expedite recruitment 
efforts to address manpower gaps.
Ensuring prime golf course 
conditions
> Schedule routine maintenance activities at course to prevent further deterioration.
Overwhelming demand for 
better golf teeing time 
and booking system
> Digitalise the booking system.
> Foster fair booking practices for all members, standardising all booking through our 
KLGCC app and implementing a 7-day advance booking policy.
171Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 174 ----
Sustainability 
Statement
Our journey towards advancing sustainability is driven by our commitment 
to operate in a manner that respects the interests of our stakeholders 
while protecting the environment. 2023 has been a year where we prioritised 
on enhancing our sustainability strategies, intensifying engagement with 
our stakeholders, and mobilising business transformation initiatives – 
all critical areas that help us drive excellence as a leader of sustainable 
development.
172
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 175 ----
SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK
Our sustainability framework serves as a strategic blueprint for integrating sustainable practices into the core of our busines s.  
This framework reflects the key sustainability dimensions that are important to our business operations and its impacts and the  
key dimensions are energy efficiency, low carbon transition, urban biodiversity enhancement, climate-resilient communities and 
enriching community experiences.
The integration of corporate sustainability practices into our business processes is crucial for long-term resilience and prosp erity.  
It ensures that Sime Darby Property not only thrives but also acts as a catalyst for positive change in the industry, benefitin g  
all stakeholders.
ENVIRONMENT COMMUNITY GOVERNANCE
Our Purpose:
 To be a Value Multiplier for people, businesses, economies and planet
Our Vision:
Advancing real estate as a force for collective progress, in harmony with the planet’s resources
Ambition
Imperatives
Material 
Issues
UN SDGs
Commitment to a 1.5 
degree Celcius aligned 
company that respects and 
protects nature.
Leave a net positive impact 
on the social and economic 
well-being of communities 
and employees
Comply and lead in 100% 
disclosure as per 
regulatory guidelines
Championing energy transition 
and low carbon in real estate
Enhancing urban biodiversity
Building climate adaptive 
communities
Creating positive 
community experiences
Establishing and maintaining 
policies and guidelines
Ensuring consistent 
reporting and disclosure
ENVIRONMENT
• Climate Adaptation
• Energy and Carbon 
Management
• Urban Biodiversity
• Water Management
• Circularity
SOCIAL
• Community 
Experience
• Occupational Health 
and Safety
• Responsible Supply 
Chain Management
• Marketing and 
Communication
• Corporate Social 
Responsibility
• Talent Management 
and Training 
Development
• Diversity and 
Inclusion
ECONOMIC
• Innovation
• Property 
Development
• Investment and 
Asset Management
• Land Bank 
Management
GOVERNANCE
• Corporate 
Governance and 
Compliance
• Data Privacy & 
Cybersecurity
Figure 1.2: Sime Darby Property Sustainability Framework
173Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 176 ----
We bring our sustainability agenda to life 
through four key imperatives:
As we push the boundaries of climate leadership, our goal to foster resilient communities is supported by a strong culture of health 
and safety, good governance and strategic communications.
Activating Our Sustainability Agenda: 
Our Four Key Imperatives
02
0304
01
Fostering 
Resilient 
Communities
BUILDING CLIMATE ADAPTIVE COMMUNITIES
ENHANCING
URBAN
BIODIVERSITY
CREATING
POSITIVE
COM
M
UNITY
EXPERIENCES
CHAMPIONING ENERGY TRANSITION AND LOW CARBON IN REAL ESTATE
• Rooptop Solar Photovolatic (“PV”) Projects:
Launching a solar energy project in the City of 
Elmina to support the National Energy Transition 
Roadmap (“NETR”).
• Renewable Energy Innovations:  Exploring new 
renewable energy technologies for more eco-
friendly real estate.
• Government Collaboration:  Partnering with 
governments to support sustainable and low-
carbon industry solutions.
• Climate-Resilient Communities: 
Opening KL East Park, a 53-acre 
biodiverse park with amenities like 
hiking trails and lookout points, 
offering public access to encourage 
community interaction with nature.
• Placemaking with Intention:  
Designing parks that promote 
biodiversity and inclusivity, aiming 
for a sustainable future.
• Nature Positive Living: Weaving 
green and blue spaces such as parks 
and wetlands to provide dual 
purposes: an enhancement to 
nature, while connecting people to 
natural spaces.
• Urban Biodiversity Corridors: 
Creating green corridors to connect 
natural areas in cities, supporting 
both biodiversity and resilience.
• Wetlands and Forest Conservation:
Designed and constructed 180 acres 
of recreational wetlands in Bandar 
Bukit Raja as a flood mitigation 
strategy and safeguarding 53 acres 
of secondary forest (KL East Park) in 
the heart of KL as an urban  
biodiversity sanctuary.
• Right Plant Species, Right Place: 
Developed a Planting Matrix that 
helps our townships and landscape 
planners enhance our spaces with 
the right species of plants to 
maximise our impacts and benefits 
for people and planet.
• Sustainable Urban Planning:  Implementing 
sustainability in property design and landscaping to 
ensure future-ready living spaces.
• Investment in Green Infrastructure:  Adopting 
sustainable practices to reduce carbon emissions, 
conserve natural resources and combat climate change.
• Increase Sustainable Construction Practices: Adoption 
and use of sustainable materials and technologies to 
reduce generation of waste to landfills, optimise 
resource efficiency and reduce pollution.
• Shared Value Partnerships: Strategy engagements and 
collaborations with stakeholders to explore, develop 
and implement sustainable solutions to enhance 
climate resiliency for communities.
174
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Leadership 
Insights
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Sustainability Statement

---- Page 177 ----
Building sustainable 
townships while nurturing 
healthy communities and 
ecosystems should be the 
way forward for property 
developments because it 
would in turn inspire 
residents and the public 
to care about and protect 
the environments they are 
living in, for a better 
future.
Dato’ Azmir Merican
Group Managing Director
“
“
175Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 178 ----
We are committed to driving positive impacts sustainably across our business and ensure our efforts are strategically aligned t o 
the UN SDGs. Based on the UN SDGs, targets and indicators, we have identified 11 SDGs that are relevant to us and in which we 
can make the most impact. This focused alignment ensures our efforts and contributions are aligned with global priorities. 
Good Health and Well-being Our Contribution
Target 3.8: Achieve universal health coverage, 
including financial risk protection, access to 
quality essential health-care services and access 
to safe, effective, quality and affordable 
essential medicines and vaccines for all.
We are consistently working with our employees and contractor workers 
to ensure that everyone is fully vaccinated against COVID-19.This is part 
of our commitment to ensure their health is protected. We have also 
implemented the Sime Darby Property Worker Quarters’ Hygiene 
Standards as part of our commitment to ensure all our contractors are in 
compliance with Act 446.
Quality Education Our Contribution
Target 4.b: By 2020, substantially expand globally 
the number of scholarships available to developing 
countries, in particular programme least 
developed countries, small island developing 
States and African countries, for enrolment in 
higher education, including vocational training 
and information and communications technology, 
technical, engineering and scientific programmes, 
in developed countries and other developing 
countries.
In 2023, a total of 54 Technical and Vocational Education and Training 
(“TVET”) graduates sponsored as part of the RM1.2 million YSD allocation 
for a 3-year programme (2023 – 2025). We collaborated with Institute 
Kemahiran Belia Negara (“IKBN”) for on-job-training at KLGCC under the 
hospitality industry. We engaged Akademi Binaan Malaysia (“ABM”), under 
the Contruction Industry Development Board (“CIDB”) for construction-
related industry graduates. For 2023, students were enrolled under the 
Air Conditioning & Mechanical Ventilation Programme. For 2024 and 2025, 
students are expected to graduate from programs such as scaffolding, 
backhoe & excavator operations and mobile crane operations.
Gender Equality Our Contribution
Target 5.5: Ensure women’s full and effective 
participation and equal opportunities for 
leadership at all levels of decision-making in 
political, economic and public life.
We are making significant strides towards gender balance in leadership. 
Women now hold half of management positions, with a growing presence 
in leadership roles: a noteworthy 36% on the Board of Sime Darby Property. 
This progress fosters a more diverse leadership landscape, which 
contributes to stronger decision-making.
Clean Water and Sanitation Our Contribution
Target 6.4: By 2030, substantially increase 
water-use efficiency across all sectors and 
ensure sustainable withdrawals and supply of 
freshwater to address water scarcity and 
substantially reduce the number of people 
suffering from water scarcity.
Our commitment to water conservation has resulted in a positive 
18.23% reduction in water withdrawal for potable water compared to 
2022, across our entire business operations. Additionally, the installation 
of water-saving features in 3,764 residential units aims at encouraging 
reduction in water use.
By promoting more efficient water use among residents, these features 
enhance the sustainability of the water management system.
Affordable and Clean Energy Our Contribution
Target 7.2: By 2030, increase substantially the 
share of renewable energy in the global 
energy mix.
We are driving sustainability in our township developments by implementing 
innovative solar solutions. This includes installing rooftop solar photovoltaic 
(“PV”) panels across selected assets. These panels will generate clean 
energy, reducing our reliance on traditional sources and contributing to a 
more sustainable future for both residents and the environment.
Our energy consumption in 2023 saw a 2.46% decrease compared to 2022 
due to groupwide energy habit practices and retrofitting exercises. While 
this rise is primarily due to increased activities and events within our 
developments, we recognise the importance of energy efficiency. We are 
actively exploring and implementing solutions to address this increase and 
ensure a more sustainable future for our communities.
176
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Sustainability Statement

---- Page 179 ----
Decent Work and Economic Growth Our Contribution
Target 8.8: Protect labour rights and promote 
safe and secure working environments for all 
workers, including migrant workers, in 
particular women migrants and those in 
precarious employment.
We are investing in a safer future by training our top contractors 
(39 representatives) on human rights according to International Labour 
Organisation (“ILO”) standards. This focus on ethical practices is 
complemented by a significant increase in Occupational Safety and Health 
incident reports (from 4 to 16), indicating an improved reporting culture. 
It highlights the need for continued awareness and our comprehensive 
Quality, Health, Safety, Security & Environment (“QHSSE”) policy ensures 
we prioritise safety in all aspects of our work.
Industry, Innovation and Infranstructure Our Contribution
Target 9.4: By 2030, upgrade infrastructure and 
retrofit industries to make them sustainable, 
with increased resource-use efficiency and 
greater adoption of clean and environmentally 
sound technologies and industrial processes, 
with all countries taking action in accordance 
with their respective capabilities.
We have constructed 3,764 energy-efficient homes and achieved 
eco-certifications (BCA Green Mark, GBI, LEED, BREAM, GreenRE) across 
18 townships. This commitment helps reduce negative impacts on the 
natural environment by using less water, energy and other natural 
resources; employing renewable energy sources and eco-friendly 
materials; and reducing emissions and other waste.
Sustainable Cities and Communities Our Contribution
Target 11.6: By 2030, reduce the adverse per 
capita environmental impact of cities, including 
by paying special attention to air quality and 
municipal and other waste management.
The design and operations of our townships and commercial buildings 
incorporate green spaces and urban nature features. Placemaking and 
inclusive social infrastructures are some of the strategies we embark on to 
ensure that we create community vibrancy and resiliency in the townships.
Responsible Consumption and Production Our Contribution
Target 12.5: Substantially reduce waste 
generation through prevention, reduction, 
reuse and recycling and strive to achieve 40% 
of waste diverted from landfill annually.
As part of our commitment on promoting circular economy, we have 
achieved 24.86% waste diverted from landfill in 2023. This progress is 
driven by our commitment to the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle).
Climate Action Our Contribution
Target 13.2: Integrate climate change measures 
into national policies, strategies and planning
We have pledged to achieve Net Zero operational carbon emissions by 
2050, referencing the science-based target of limiting global temperature 
rise to 1.5°C. The Group’s comprehensive Net Zero approach involves 
tackling Scope 1 and 2 emissions with near-term and long-term reduction 
strategies which includes significant changes to how we conduct our 
business.
Life On Land Our Contribution
15.5: Take urgent and significant action to 
reduce the degradation of natural habitats, 
halt the loss of biodiversity and, by 2020, 
protect and prevent the extinction of 
threatened species
We are seeing positive results in our effort to restore urban landscape with 
threatened species of trees. Over half (52.17%) of our goal to plant 50,000 
Red List Species has been achieved (26,085). Additionally, our overall tree 
planting initiative is nearing completion, with 143,679 trees planted, 
reaching 89.7% of our target of 160,000. Demonstrating our commitment to 
protecting biodiversity, we are the first Malaysian real estate company to 
achieve ArbNet Arboretum Level II Certification, recognising our dedication 
to enhance urban biodiversity and uphold environmental stewardship.
177Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 180 ----
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE
Governance Structure
The Board Sustainability Committee, established in 2023, was tasked to champion our sustainability strategy, ensuring alignment  
with market trends and addressing the diverse needs of our sector. The BSC works closely with management across all business 
areas, embedding sustainability into the heart of our decision-making processes, risk management and daily operations. 
Roles & Responsibilities
Sustainability Governance Structure
Board of 
Directors
Business 
Units
Project-level
ESG Champions
Function ESG
Champions
Functional
Units
04 04
Board Sustainability 
Committee
01
Sustainability
Unit
03
Management 
Sustainability 
Committee
02
Management
Committee
Implementation and Integration
Sustainability Department:
• Develops and implements the Group’s ESG strategy 
across all organisational levels.
• Creates standardised practices through ESG guidelines, 
frameworks and toolkits.
• Monitors progress and alignment of ESG initiatives 
through a Project Management Office (“PMO”) function.
ESG Champions:
• Embedded within specific business segments and 
functions.
• Champion the practical application of the ESG strategy 
in daily operations.
• Integrate ESG considerations into decision-making and 
everyday activities.
• Oversee alignment with Group’s ESG objectives and 
facilitate project completion.
Oversight and Guidance
Board Sustainability Committee (“BSC”):
• Provides strategic direction and oversees the Group’s 
overall ESG framework.
• Composed of diverse sustainability experts who assess 
the effectiveness of sustainability programmes and 
initiatives.
• Tasked with engaging in strategic discussions about 
sustainability assurance indicators with a third-party 
service provider.
Management Sustainability Committee (“MSC”):
• Senior leaders responsible for implementing ESG 
initiatives across the Group.
• Ensures alignment of our initiatives with material 
matters.
Figure 2.1: Sime Darby Property Sustainability Governance Structure
178
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Sustainability Statement

---- Page 181 ----
ADVANCING SUSTAINABILITY THROUGH BOARD LEADERSHIP
Our commitment is demonstrated through setting clear strategic direction, fostering accountability via ESG sensitisation, 
performance metrics and incentivisation programmes. This comprehensive approach ensures a more sustainable future for our 
organisation and stakeholders.
ESG & 
Sustainability 
Performance 
& Reporting
Reviewed, provided input and recommended on: 
• Sime Darby Property Sustainability Strategy proposal
• Net Zero announcement & carbon reduction roadmap
• Climate risks & opportunities assessments
• Sustainability materiality matters & ESG risks
• Human Rights Policy
Key ActivitiesArea
Reviewed: 
• Quarterly updates on ESG performance 
& sustainability progress 
• Sustainability Statement for Annual 
Report 2022
• Sustainability Report for FY2022
Provided input on: 
• Findings on limited assurance by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT for 
Sustainability Report for FY2022
• Scope of limited assurance for FY2023 
Sustainability Report
Board Sustainability Committee Engagement during FY2023
Board Trainings
Over the past year, our board members and senior management have engaged in a wide range of training programmes, 
spanning leadership, global economic trends, sustainability and financial integrity. These sessions were designed to enhance 
our understanding across key areas such as economic outlooks, ESG principles, compliance standards and cybersecurity, 
reflecting our commitment to stay abreast of evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements.
Our focus also extended to technological advancements and sector-specific challenges, particularly within real estate and 
property management. The training covered innovation, the implications of artificial intelligence and strategies for embedding 
sustainable business practices. This approach signifies our measured effort to weave new technologies and sustainability into 
our operational fabric.
Additionally, our participation in programmes centred on climate change and environmental awareness underscores our 
response to global sustainability trends. By taking part in these initiatives, we demonstrate our collective awareness of the need 
to adapt and align with broader environmental objectives and governance practices.
For further details on Board Trainings, refer to this Integrated Report, available on page 233
Executive Remuneration and ESG Performance
We reinforce our commitment by tying ESG Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”) to the remuneration of our C-suite executives, 
underlining the significance we place on emissions reduction and sustainable practices at the leadership level.
179Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 182 ----
Risk Management
Sime Darby Property undertook steps to strengthen our 
sustainability risk management approach. This aligns with our 
commitment to proactively identify and mitigate ESG risks 
within our established risk appetite.
We have expanded the scope of our risk assessments to include six (6) key revised and reprioritised material matters identified  by 
the Group, where the assessment of balance of the reprioritised matters that are not covered under the Group’s current risk profile 
will be conducted in FY2024.
We have also commenced the process to assess the physical risk exposure to our asset portfolio, where specific assets were 
identified for the initial physical risk assessment. The commencement of transitional risk assessment during the year have also  
allowed us to better understand the potential exposure and its impact to the Group (financial or otherwise). The Group is 
committed to implementing adaptation and/or mitigation measures to reduce the risk exposure arising from climate risk 
assessment.
Recognising the materiality of ESG-related risks identified through the current risk assessments, we have integrated two additional 
broad based ESG risks into our material risk profile:
We recognise the potential 
impact and the need to 
mitigate flood risk exposure to 
our asset, the achievability of 
our carbon roadmap and the 
risk of shortage of water on 
our operations.
Climate-related risk:
We recognise the 
importance of responsible 
sourcing practices and the 
heighten demand for 
suppliers/contractors in 
the market. We will take 
steps to reduce its related 
risk exposure to our 
Group.
Supply chain and related 
human rights risk:
180
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Sustainability Statement

---- Page 183 ----
Performance Scorecard*
In 2023, Sime Darby Property prioritised a future-focused approach to construction. This strategic direction emphasises innovation 
in materials and methodologies, aiming to transform our development process. This commitment positions us for industry 
leadership in efficiency and sustainability.
DRIVING OUR VISION THROUGH INNOVATION
Material Matter 2023 Impact and Achievements
Innovation
• Conducted in-depth studies on prefabrication and modular construction methods, 
evaluating their feasibility, potential environmental benefits, and suitability for 
different project types.
• Developed prototypes for manufactured homes with standardised components and 
streamlined processes.
• Integrated Procore, a construction management platform, to streamline defect 
management and implemented drone usage for quality inspections.
Sime Darby Property’s pilot rooftop solar initiative in conjunction with the government’s National Energy Transition Roadmap (“ NETR”)
Read more about Innovation on pages 35  to 40  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
*  As a Main Market listed company, Sime Darby Property complies with mandatory ESG disclosure requirements aligned 
with the latest Sustainability Reporting Guide (3rd Edition) issued by Bursa Malaysia. Our 2023 Sustainability Report 
(pages 122 and 123 ) provides a comprehensive breakdown of our ESG performance for FY2023.
181Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 184 ----
Our commitment to environmental sustainability serves as the foundation of our operations, guiding us in designing developments  
that not only prioritise energy efficiency and use of renewable energy but also flourish with green spaces. This perspective extends 
into our firm support for biodiversity, seen in our efforts to establish ecological corridors and rejuvenate native vegetation,  
aligning with our broader vision of harmonious coexistence with nature. Our advocacy for a circular economy, through intentiona l 
waste and water management practices, reflects our resolve to minimise our ecological footprint.
As we confront the challenges posed by climate change, our proactive stance on risk assessment and collaboration in seeking 
innovative solutions underscores our dedication to safeguarding the environment. This commitment has translated into a series o f 
noteworthy achievements within the environmental pillar, marking significant milestones in our journey towards sustainability. 
ENVIRONMENT 
Material Matter
• Completed an energy audit for KL East Mall, resulting in the implementation of 
energy efficiency measures at both the mall and Sime Darby Property’s headquarters.
• Identified 14 out of 21 assets for rooftop solar PV installations, operational by 
2024-2025, aiming to reduce Scope 2 emissions by approximately 4.2 thousand 
tCO2e.
• Implemented environmental retrofit initiatives, resulting in significant energy 
savings and CO 2 emissions reduction through the adoption of energy-efficient 
lighting and sensor integration.
IoT-based sensor urban farm in partnership with Cultiveat to be launched at PARC, Subang Jaya.
2023 Impact and Achievements
Energy & Carbon 
Management
Read more about Energy & Carbon Management on pages 42  to 48  of our Sustainability Report 2023. 
182
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Sustainability Statement

---- Page 185 ----
Material Matter
Urban Biodiversity
• Dedicated 888.74 acres of green space across 16 main parks for urban biodiversity 
conservation and regeneration.
• Established 18.45 km of ecological corridors to connect these green spaces.
• Established a strategic biological corridor in collaboration with the Tropical Rainforest 
Conservation and Research Centre (“TRCRC”) between the Cherakah Forest Reserve 
and Elmina Central Park, complemented by the Elmina Living Collection Nursery 
(“ELCN”). 
• Initiated the ongoing restoration of Sungai Subang riparian buffers, with a focus on a 
diversity of native plant species to continuously promote and attract biodiversity 
throughout the area.
• Established a 2.1 km biological corridor, enhancing connectivity for wildlife, 
benefiting threatened species and promoting ecosystem services in the area.
• Established the Elmina Rainforest Knowledge Centre (“ERKC”) to lead in the research 
and conservation of urban biodiversity, while engaging the community through 
educational programmes and eco-tourism.
• Developed Elmina Central Park, a 300-acre area certified as a Level II arboretum, 
showcasing over 100 species of woody plants to contribute to biodiversity and 
sustainability in urban spaces.
• Achieved a significant reduction of 183 kgCO 2 emissions through the repurposing of 
used cooking oil.
• Implemented a food waste management programme at KL East Mall, promoting 
responsible disposal practices.
• Improved soil quality and reduced methane emissions at KLGCC through the 
responsible management of organic waste.
• Reduced construction waste volume and environmental impact through collaboration 
with contractors.
• Streamlined site clearance by promoting source separation, leading to responsible 
disposal and a minimised environmental footprint.
• Managed organic landscaping waste efficiently by implementing Reduce, Reuse, 
Recycle (3Rs) principles.
Circularity
• Invested over RM100 million to upgrade the Integrated Water Supply Scheme 
(“IWSS”) in the Northern Corridor.
• Implemented rainwater harvesting systems in high-rise developments, utilising 
Malaysia’s abundant rainfall to reduce reliance on potable water sources.
• Reduced cleaning frequency or adjusted water use per activity.
• Performed periodic water pipe checks to prevent water loss.
Water 
Management
• Developed a framework to systematically assess and integrate climate change risks 
into investment decisions.
• Implemented strategies that lower greenhouse gas emissions across developments, 
including using energy-efficient design, integrating renewable energy, and 
increasing green spaces.
• Explored new ways to create value sustainably, such as through green financing and 
investing in eco-friendly technologies.
• Joined forces with Tenaga Nasional Berhad (“TNB”) to explore and develop 
innovative renewable energy solutions.
Climate 
Adaptation
2023 Impact and Achievements
Read more about Circularity on 66  to 69  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
Read more about Water Management on pages 70  to 73  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
Read more about Urban Biodiversity on pages 49  to 65  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
Read more about Climate Adaptation on pages 74  and 75  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
183Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 186 ----
Material Matter
SOCIAL 
Our people and the larger community 
are at the center of our operations, 
and we have committed ourselves to 
a socially responsible ethos. Our 
company strategy is based on a 
comprehensive approach that 
integrates safety, community 
development, inclusion, and ethical 
practices as fundamental pillars. This 
concept demonstrates our dedication 
to creating a peaceful workplace that 
promotes the development and well-
being of our stakeholders, workers, 
and the communities we serve.
• Mobilised a dedicated team of volunteers, contributing a total of 2,941 hours, 
reflecting our community’s commitment to inclusivity and support.
• Established Bandar Bukit Raja  Townpark as a model for sustainable placemaking 
initiatives.
• Provided essential school supplies to 2,722 students and upgraded educational 
facilities.
• Improved healthcare access for 63,000 individuals in underserved areas.
• Invested RM0.6 million in TVET programmes and empowered 54 youths with 
industry-ready skills.
Community 
Experience
Occupational 
Health and Safety
• Implemented the Felt and Visible Leadership Programme, which included 13 visits, 
engaging directly with 64 workers.
• Held 24 Safety Collaboration Team site visits to boost safety compliance.
• Provided 3,437 hours of safety training to 412 employees who manage Health, 
Safety, Security and Environment (“HSSE”) risks in projects and operations.
• Integrated safety KPIs into performance evaluations for transparency.
Bandar Bukit Raja Urban Community Farm
2023 Impact and Achievements
• Implemented a proactive anti-sexual harassment initiative, providing clear guidance 
on addressing various forms of harassment.
• Received HR Asia’s Best Companies to Work For in Asia 2023 Award for excellent 
employee engagement and HR practices, placing us among top employers in Asia.
• Ranked second in Talentbank’s Graduates’ Choice Award, highlighting Sime Darby 
Property’s appeal in attracting and retaining top graduate talent within the Property 
Developer sector.
Diversity and 
Inclusion
Read more about Diversity and Inclusion on pages 94  to 103  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
Read more about Occupational Health and Safety on pages 83  to 85  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
Read more about Community Experience on pages 86  to 93  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
184
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Sustainability Statement

---- Page 187 ----
Material Matter
Material Matter
GOVERNANCE
We continue to place considerable emphasis on strengthening the ethical core of our organisation. Through this dedication, we 
achieved significant progress, fostering an environment of trust and transparency. This ultimately led to a more robust and 
resilient Sime Darby Property, well-equipped to navigate the ever-evolving business landscape.
Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption
• Achieved consistent risk management through quarterly updates to risk assessments.
• Completed anti-corruption assessments for all operations in 2023
• Rolled out mandatory Anti-Bribery and Corruption training for all employees to 
enhance corruption prevention and detection.
• Engaged in targeted communication, including reminders and policy reinforcement, 
especially during high-risk periods like festivals.
• Enforced a zero-tolerance policy on corruption with no staff disciplinary actions or 
dismissals in 2023.
• Upheld financial integrity with no fines or penalties for corruption throughout 2023.
Data Privacy & 
Cybersecurity
• Achieved zero identity theft incidents through multi-factor authentication (“MFA”) 
implementation.
• Prevented data exfiltration with proactive malware defense.
• Reduced cyber incident response time by 70% with Managed Extended Detection 
and Response (“MXDR”).
• Attained a ‘defined’ level of cybersecurity maturity, closely aligning with the 
industry benchmark of 2.6.
• Enhanced system security by regulating critical account access with Privileged Access 
Management (“PAM”).
2023 Impact and Achievements2023 Impact and Achievements
2023 Impact and Achievements
• Strengthened our contractor code of conduct by incorporating references to human 
rights regulations, promoting ethical treatment of workers throughout their 
operations.
• Initiated a project to align our Vendor Development Programme with International 
Labour Organisation (“ILO”) standards.
Responsible 
Supply Chain 
Management
Read more about Responsible Supply Chain Management on pages 107  to 109  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
Read more about Anti-Bribery and Corruption on pages 111  to 114  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
Read more about Data Privacy and Cybersecurity on pages 115  to 121  of our Sustainability Report 2023. 
Labour Standards 
and Practices
• In compliance with the Malaysian Environment Act, we extended parental leave to 
98 days for maternity and seven (7) days for paternity leave and adjusted our 
compensation policies to ensure employees earning up to RM4,000 are eligible for 
overtime payments.
• Increased the Minimum Living Wage to RM2,400 monthly to support employees’ 
basic needs. 
• Implemented flexible working arrangements including remote work options and 
flexible working hours to create a more dynamic, productive and balanced work 
environment for employees.
Read more about Labour Standards and Practices on pages 104  to 106  of our Sustainability Report 2023.
185Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 188 ----
186
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Corporate Information
Board of Directors 
Dato’ Rizal Rickman Ramli
(Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Chairman)
Dato’ Azmir Merican 
(Group Managing Director)
Dato’ Soam Heng Choon
(Senior Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Tengku Datuk Seri Ahmad Shah 
Alhaj ibni Almarhum Sultan 
Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Alhaj
(Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Tan Sri Jaganath Derek Steven 
Sabapathy
(Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan 
Mohammad Raslan
(Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali
(Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Mohamed Ridza Mohamed 
Abdulla
(Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin
(Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin
(Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Nur Farahbi Shaari
(Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Khalid Mohammed Noor
(Alternate Director to Nur Farahbi 
Shaari)
Group Managing Director
Dato’ Azmir Merican
Group Company Secretary 
Noreen Melini Muzamli
SSM PC No. 201908002218
LS 0008290
Registered Office 
Level 10, Block G
No. 2, Jalan PJU 1A/7A
Ara Damansara, PJU 1A
47301 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan 
Malaysia
Tel. no. : +603-7849 5000
Fax no. : +603-7849 5688
E-mail : group.communications@
simedarbyproperty.com
Website : www.simedarbyproperty.
com
Share Registrar
Tricor Investor & Issuing House 
Services Sdn Bhd
Registration No. 197101000970 
(11324-H)
Office :
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A
Vertical Business Suite
Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
Malaysia
Tel. no. : +603-2783 9299
Fax no. : +603-2783 9222
Email : is.enquiry@
my.tricorglobal.com
Customer Service Centre:
Unit G-3, Ground Floor
Vertical Podium
Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
Malaysia
Auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT
(LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146)
Level 10, Menara TH 1 Sentral
Jalan Rakyat
Kuala Lumpur Sentral
P.O. Box 10192
50706 Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
Malaysia
Tel no. : +603-2173 1188
Fax no. : +603-2173 1288
Form of Legal Entity
Incorporated on 15 September 
1973 as a private company limited 
by shares under the Companies 
Act 1965 and deemed registered 
under the Companies Act 2016. 
Converted into a public company 
limited by shares on 2 October 
2003.
Stock Exchange Listing
Listed on the Main Market of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad 
since 30 November 2017
Stock Code : 5288
Stock Name : SIMEPROP
Place of Incorporation 
and Domicile
Malaysia

---- Page 189 ----
187Integrated Report 2023
Board Composition
Note: The above information excludes Alternate Director
30 years to 39 years
40 years to 49 years
50 years to 59 years
60 years and above
Age group
Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors 
(including Chairman)
Independent Non-Executive Directors 
(including Senior Independent Non-Executive 
Director)
Executive Director (Group Managing Director)
Composition
Malay
Chinese
Indian
Ethnicity
Gender
64%
36%
Male
Female
100%
Malaysian
Nationality
Tenure
1
3
6
1
Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin *
Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin *
Nur Farahbi Shaari
Dato’ Rizal Rickman Ramli (Chairman)
Dato’ Azmir Merican 
Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan *
Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali *
Dato’ Soam Heng Choon *
Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla *
Tan Sri Jaganath Derek Steven Sabapathy
Tengku Datuk Seri Ahmad Shah Alhaj Ibni Almarhum 
Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Alhaj
* Independent director
Less than 3 years 
3-6 years
10-12 years
More than 12 years

---- Page 190 ----
188
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Board of Directors’ Profiles
DATO’ RIZAL RICKMAN RAMLI 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Chairman
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Master of Business Administration, Kellogg School of 
Management, Northwestern University, United States of 
America
•  Bachelor of Arts, Economics (Hons), University of Chicago, 
United States of America
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
•Nil
Other Public Company(ies)
•Nil
Present Appointment(s)
•  Chief Investment Officer, Private & Strategic Investments, 
Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“PNB”)
Expertise and Experience
Dato’ Rizal Rickman Ramli, Chairman of Sime Darby Property 
since 7 May 2021, brings a distinguished blend of leadership 
and expertise in real estate and investments. In his capacity as 
Chairman of the Board, he exemplifies effective leadership 
qualities, characterised by meticulous preparation ahead of 
meetings, strategic direction of meetings in ensuring adequate 
focus and discussion of key matters, encouraging robust 
discussions, and assurance of clear outcomes. Furthermore, he 
nurtures amicable relations among board members and 
shareholders, which facilitates alignment among stakeholders 
while ensuring the Company’s interest is paramount.
His extensive skill set spans strategic planning, corporate 
strategy and investments. Concurrently, he serves as the 
Chief Investment Officer for Private & Strategic Investments 
at PNB, where he leads the management of PNB’s real estate 
portfolio, encompassing diverse areas such as land banking, 
strategic development, domestic and international property 
investments, as well as hospitality and affordable housing 
initiatives.
Prior to his tenure at PNB, he held the role of Country 
Managing Partner at the Boston Consulting Group (“BCG”) in 
Malaysia. His extensive experience at BCG, including 
assignments across over 10 countries and a stint at BCG’s 
London office, underscores his expertise in strategy 
development, driving business model innovation, fostering 
growth, and orchestrating corporate and industry-level 
transformations with precision and foresight. He was also on 
the board of Velesto Energy Berhad, Pelaburan Hartanah 
Nasional Berhad, MIDF Property Berhad and Villea Rompin 
Berhad.
Declaration
•  He does not have any conflict of interest with the Company 
or any family relationship with any other Director and/or 
major shareholders of the Company except which may 
arise by virtue of him being a Nominee Director of PNB.
• He has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
•  He has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has he been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
•  He has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Gender Male
Age 46
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
Nil
Date of Appointment: 5 April 2018
Length of Tenure as Director:
5 years 11 months
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
6/6

---- Page 191 ----
189Integrated Report 2023
DATO’ AZMIR MERICAN 
Group Managing Director
Academic Qualification(s)
• Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration (Finance), Haworth 
College of Business, Western Michigan University, United 
States of America
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
• Nil
Other Public Company(ies)
• Nil
Present Appointment(s)
•  Vice President, Real Estate and Housing Developers’ Association 
(“REHDA”) Malaysia 
Expertise and Experience
Dato’ Azmir Merican has almost 30 years of corporate experience, 
with over 15 years spent at the senior most leadership role. He 
brings a rich blend of cross-functional expertise in investments & 
private equity, corporate advisory, as well as operational 
management into his current role and a leadership style known for 
driving transformation. He has helmed companies involved in 
engineering services, infrastructure services, healthcare support 
services, project & asset management. 
Dato’ Azmir started his career as an investment analyst with the 
Maybank Group, working in its venture capital and private equity 
business. He then moved to PricewaterhouseCoopers’ (“PwC”) 
corporate advisory arm where he managed assignments across 
multiple industries. He subsequently held management roles in CIMB 
Investment Bank where he helped establish the bank’s private equity 
business, managing proprietary and third-party funds. 
In 2007, he was tapped for the leadership role at AWC Berhad, the 
company was restructured into a leading provider of engineering 
services and integrated facilities management across Malaysia, 
Singapore, and the Middle East. 
In 2012, he was recruited as Group Chief Operating Officer, 
Business Units, for UEM Group where he was tasked to oversee the 
company’s “4 core” businesses, namely Faber Group Berhad, 
PROPEL Berhad, Opus Group Berhad and Opus International Plc 
across 12 countries. There, he successfully orchestrated the 
merger, acquisition, and integration of five companies across 
Healthcare Services, Infrastructure, Real Estate, and Consultancy, 
held under UEM Edgenta Berhad which he led as Managing 
Director/CEO. The company became a key player in the region for 
Asset Management & Infrastructure Solutions, known for its early 
adoption and innovative use of IoT, data analytics, machine 
learning, and AI which transformed its service delivery and way of 
working. It quicky earned various industry recognition amongst 
which, winning the Frost & Sullivan top industry award for 6 
consecutive years. 
In 2020, Dato’ Azmir was recruited into his current role as Group 
Managing Director of Sime Darby Property Berhad. Working with 
the Board and management to establish its SHIFT25 Strategy, he is 
currently driving the company’s transformation into a Real Estate 
company focused at building a leading property business 
for landed homes, as well as high-rise, industrial development, 
and building an Investment & Asset Management business for 
recurring income. 
In 2022, the Group established its Purpose of being a Value 
Multiplier for People, Businesses, Economies and the Planet, as 
well as a renewed vision, mission and values which is the core 
behind its people transformation and recently announce its Net 
Zero ambition. For leadership within the real estate industry, he 
was recently awarded as “Outstanding Property CEO” at The Edge 
Malaysia Property Excellence Awards 2023.
Declaration:
•  He does not have any conflict of interest with the Company or 
any family relationship with any other Director and/or major 
shareholders of the Company. 
•  He has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest Policy.
•  He has not been convicted of any offences within the past five 
(5) years nor has he been imposed of any public sanction or 
penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies during the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023.
•  He has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Gender Male
Age 53
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
Nil
Date of Appointment: 22 April 2020
Length of Tenure as Director:
3 years 11 months
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
6/6

---- Page 192 ----
190
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Board of Directors’ Profiles
DATO’ SOAM HENG CHOON
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering, University of 
Strathclyde, United Kingdom 
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
•Nil
Other Public Company(ies)
•  Construction Labour Exchange Centre Berhad (“CLAB”)
•  Amanat Lebuhraya Rakyat Berhad
Present Appointment(s)
•  Chairman, Battersea Power Station Development Company 
Limited
Expertise and Experience
Dato’ Soam Heng Choon brings a wealth of experience in the 
property industry and a diverse skill set spanning civil and 
mechanical engineering, quantity surveying, project 
management, regulatory affairs, and government relations. 
He actively contributes and provides invaluable insights and 
guidance to Board and Board Committees’ deliberations.
With a career that began in 1979 at the Ministry of Works, 
Dato’ Soam rose through the ranks to serve as an Executive 
Engineer until 1989. He then transitioned to Road Builder (M) 
Holdings Berhad Group, where he held various roles, 
culminating in his appointment as Executive Director by 2003.
In 2004, Dato’ Soam assumed the role of Executive Director 
at RB Land Holdings Berhad (now IJM Land Berhad), where he 
led the property division within the Road Builder Group. 
Progressing swiftly, he was appointed Managing Director of 
IJM Land Berhad in 2006 and subsequently as Chief Executive 
Officer and Managing Director in 2010.
He was appointed the Chief Executive Officer and Managing 
Director of IJM Corporation Berhad in 2015, where he played 
a pivotal role in expanding various divisions within the IJM 
Group until his retirement in 2019.
Beyond his corporate roles, he has made significant 
contributions to the industry, serving as President of Real 
Estate and Housing Developer’s Association (“REHDA”) 
Malaysia from 2018 to 2022 and as a Board member of 
Construction Industry Development Board (“CIDB”) Malaysia 
from 2020 to 2022 and Chairman of Construction Research 
Institute of Malaysia (“CREAM”) from 2022 to 2023. He also 
serves as a Director of the CLAB since 2016.
Declaration
•  He does not have any conflict of interest with the Company 
or any family relationship with any other Director and/or 
major shareholders of the Company. 
•  He has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
•  He has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has he been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
•  He has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Gender Male
Age 64
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
•  Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
•  Risk Management Committee
•  Board Tender Committee
Date of Appointment: 1 July 2020
Length of Tenure as Director:
3 years and 8 months
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023: 
6/6

---- Page 193 ----
191Integrated Report 2023
TENGKU DATUK SERI AHMAD SHAH ALHAJ IBNI 
ALMARHUM SULTAN SALAHUDDIN ABDUL AZIZ 
SHAH ALHAJ
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Diploma in Business Administration, Universiti Teknologi 
MARA
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
•  Chairman, Tuju Setia Berhad
•  Director, Mycron Steel Berhad
Other Public Company(ies)
•Nil
Present Appointment(s)
•  Chairman, Landas Efektif Sdn Bhd, I-City (Selangor) Sdn 
Bhd, Titas Holding Sdn Bhd, Advan Rail Sdn Bhd and City 
Properties Sdn Bhd
• Director, Red Giant Sdn Bhd
Expertise and Experience
YAM Tengku Datuk Seri Ahmad Shah Alhaj ibni Almarhum 
Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Alhaj possesses vast 
business acumen and expertise in the property development 
industry gained from his tenure in various public listed and 
private enterprises. His career journey began with Charles 
Bradburne (1930) Sdn Bhd, where he served as a broker from 
1974 to 1981, laying a solid foundation for his subsequent 
achievements and contributions to the industry. His extensive 
network and deep institutional knowledge of the Group over 
four decades enable him to provide invaluable guidance to 
the Group.
Throughout his esteemed career, he has held directorship 
positions in a diverse array of listed and private companies. 
Notable among these are his directorship in Dutaland Berhad 
in 2009 to 2023 (of which he served as Chairman since 2010), 
TTDI Development Sdn Bhd from 1978 to 2000, Sime UEP 
Properties Berhad from 1983 to 1987, Tractors Malaysia 
Holdings Berhad from 1987 to 2007 and Sime Darby Medical 
Centre Subang Jaya Sdn Bhd from 1987 to 2013. Additionally, 
he served on the Supervisory Committee and Audit Committee 
of the property division of Sime Darby Berhad from 2008 to 
2010.
YAM Tengku Datuk Seri Ahmad Shah Alhaj ibni Almarhum 
Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Alhaj actively participates 
in multiple welfare organisations and dedicates himself to 
philanthropic efforts. Notably, he serves as a valued member 
of the Board of Trustees for Cancer Research Malaysia, 
demonstrating his commitment to advancing healthcare and 
scientific research initiatives aimed at combating cancer.
Declaration
•   He does not have any conflict of interest with the Company 
or any family relationship with any Director and/major 
shareholders of the Company except which may arise by 
virtue of him being a Nominee Director of PNB and a 
Director of Tuju Setia Berhad.
•   He has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
•   He has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has he been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
•   He has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Gender Male
Age 68
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
•  Board Tender Committee (Chairman)
•  Risk Management Committee
Date of Appointment: 31 December 2010
Length of Tenure as Director:
13 years 3 months
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
6/6

---- Page 194 ----
192
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Board of Directors’ Profiles
TAN SRI JAGANATH DEREK STEVEN SABAPATHY
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Master of Arts in Corporate Finance and International 
Trade, Edinburgh University, United Kingdom
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
• Nil
Other Public Company(ies)
•  Director, Principal Asset Management Berhad
Present Appointment(s)
•  Chairman, Battersea Project Holding Company Limited
•  Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Tribeca Real Estate 
Asset Management Sdn Bhd (“Tribeca”)
• Director, Principal Islamic Asset Management Sdn Bhd
Expertise and Experience
Tan Sri Jaganath Derek Steven Sabapathy brings extensive 
expertise in property development, audit, financial advisory 
services, and a sharp business acumen to his role. His valuable 
insights and judgment, particularly in risk assessment, 
property development, finance, and audit matters, 
significantly enhance board deliberations. Demonstrating 
strong leadership, Tan Sri Jagan had effectively chaired 
discussions, providing independent judgment and acting in 
the best interests of the Company, particularly as Chairman of 
Battersea Power Station Group in recent years.
In 1984, Tan Sri Jagan joined KPMG Peat Marwick as a 
Manager, rising to become a Partner in 1990. During his 
tenure, he handled a diverse portfolio of assignments spanning 
audit, investigations, management consultancy, and corporate 
finance across Malaysia, ASEAN countries, North America, 
and Europe. His contributions extended to various KPMG 
International Committees, including those for Mergers and 
Acquisitions, Privatisation, and Management Consultancy. 
Additionally, he served as an examiner for the professional 
examinations of the Malaysian Association of Certified Public 
Accountants (“MACPA”).
Transitioning to the corporate sector, Tan Sri Jagan joined 
Benta Plantation Berhad as an Executive Director in late 1994, 
later assuming directorship roles in Austral Lao Power Co. 
Ltd. and Prime Utilities Berhad, where he served as Managing 
Director. Subsequently, he held the position of Chief 
Executive Officer/Director at Bandar Raya Developments 
Berhad Group and Director at Mieco Chipboard Berhad until 
his retirement in 2013. From 2017 to January 2024, he was a 
Director/Deputy Chairman of Microlink Solutions Berhad.
Declaration
• He does not have any family relationship with any other 
Director and/or major shareholders of the Company except 
which may arise by virtue of him being a Director of 
Tribeca.
• He has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
• He has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has he been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
• He has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Gender Male
Age 66
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
•  Risk Management Committee 
•  Audit Committee
•  Board Tender Committee
Date of Appointment: 28 March 2014
Length of Tenure as Director:
10 years
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
6/6

---- Page 195 ----
193Integrated Report 2023
DATO’ SERI AHMAD JOHAN MOHAMMAD RASLAN
Independent Non-Executive Director
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Bachelor of Economics (Hons) in Economics and 
Accountancy, University of Hull, United Kingdom
Professional Qualification/Membership(s)
•  Fellow, Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and 
Wales (“ICAEW”)
•  Member, Malaysian Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants (“MICPA”)
•  Member, Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“MIA”)
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
•Nil
Other Public Company(ies)
• Sea Capital Services Berhad 
Present Appointment(s)
•  Board Member, Institute of Corporate Directors Malaysia 
(“ICDM”)
•  Board Member, Audit Oversight Board - Securities 
Commission Malaysia
Expertise and Experience
Dato’ Seri Johan Raslan brings extensive global experience in 
audit and financial advisory services, positioning him as a 
trusted advisor with deep expertise across sectors and 
geographies. As the former Executive Chairman of a leading 
audit firm, he engaged extensively with boards of directors, 
business leaders, and regulatory bodies. He provides 
invaluable insights on governance, finance, audit and 
sustainability matters. He actively participates in Board and 
Board Committees’ discussion. Demonstrating leadership, he 
effectively chairs several Board Committees. 
Starting with Robson Rhodes Chartered Accountants in 1981, 
Dato’ Seri Johan transitioned to Price Waterhouse in London 
in 1990, then returned to Malaysia in 1992 to join Price 
Waterhouse Kuala Lumpur. Advancing swiftly, he became a 
Partner in 1993 and played a pivotal role in the firm’s merger 
with Coopers & Lybrand, forming PricewaterhouseCoopers 
(“PwC”) in 1998. He was appointed Executive Chairman of 
PwC Malaysia in 2004 and later became Joint Executive 
Chairman for the PwC Southeast Asia Peninsular Region 
in 2008. 
At PwC, Dato’ Seri Johan contributed significantly to the 
profession by participating in the Global Public Policy 
Committee and the Global Diversity & Inclusion Council. He 
was also appointed by the Minister of Finance to key 
government bodies like the Financial Reporting Foundation 
and KWAP, demonstrating his leadership beyond the firm. 
Furthermore, he actively engaged with regulators to shape 
Malaysia’s financial markets, serving on committees under 
the Securities Commission and the Central Bank of Malaysia.
Dato’ Seri Johan has held directorships in private companies 
such as Prima Ekuiti (UK) Limited and OPR Holdings Ltd, and 
played significant roles in Eco World International Berhad and 
AMMB Holdings Bhd. His broad expertise and industry 
involvement highlight his invaluable contributions to the 
Group and to the broader corporate and regulatory landscape 
of Malaysia.
Declaration
• He does not have any family relationship with any other 
Director and/or major shareholders of the Company except 
which may arise by virtue of him being a Director of ICDM.
• He has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
• He has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has he been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
• He has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
Gender Male
Age 64
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
•  Audit Committee (Chairman)
•  Board Sustainability Committee 
(Chairman)
•  Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
Date of Appointment: 12 July 2017
Length of Tenure as Director:
6 years 8 months 
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023
6/6

---- Page 196 ----
194
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Board of Directors’ Profiles
DATIN NORAZAH MOHAMED RAZALI 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Master of Business Administration (“MBA”), Imperial College 
Business School, University of London, United Kingdom
•  Diploma in Management, Imperial College, London, United 
Kingdom
•  Bachelor of Laws (Hons) International Islamic University 
Malaysia
Professional Qualification/Membership(s)
Admitted to the Malaysian Bar (1994)
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
•  MISC Berhad
Other Public Company(ies)
• Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“PNB”)
Present Appointment(s)
•  Independent Director, Cradle Fund Sdn Bhd
•  Independent Director, Kapital DX Sdn Bhd
•  Investment Panel Member, Penjana Kapital Sdn Bhd
Expertise and Experience
Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali brings over two decades of 
extensive experience in advising both private and public sector 
clients on growth strategy, transformation, restructuring, 
talent development, sustainability and risk management. Her 
consultancy work spans various sectors, including industrial 
goods, education, and infrastructure, covering topics from 
large-scale transformation to human capital development and 
industry restructuring.
As Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
Datin Norazah effectively leads discussions, providing valuable 
input and exercising independent judgment in the best interests 
of the Company during Board and committee meetings.
Starting her career as a solicitor at Sidek, Teoh, Wong & 
Dennis in 1994, Datin Norazah pursued further studies in the 
United Kingdom, obtaining her MBA in 1998. She then joined 
Booz, Allen & Hamilton in Singapore before transitioning to 
the Boston Consulting Group (“BCG”) in 2000. Over the years, 
she ascended to the role of Partner and Managing Director at 
BCG, where she held various leadership roles, including 
leading BCG Malaysia and the Public Sector Practice in 
Malaysia. She was also instrumental in driving initiatives like 
the Women’s Initiative Programme in Southeast Asia to 
promote diversity in leadership roles.
Datin Norazah’s tenure at BCG culminated in her role as a 
Senior Advisor (Public Sector Practice, BCG Malaysia) from 
August 2017 to December 2022, showcasing her commitment 
to driving strategic impact beyond formal leadership 
positions.
Declaration
•  She does not have any conflict of interest with the 
Company or any family relationship with any other Director 
and/or major shareholders of the Company except which 
may arise by virtue of her being an Independent Director 
of PNB.
• She has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
•  She has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has she been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
•  She has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Gender Female 
Age 53
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
•  Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (Chairman)
•  Audit Committee
•  Board Sustainability Committee
Date of Appointment: 12 July 2017
Length of Tenure as Director:
6 years 8 months 
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
6/6

---- Page 197 ----
195Integrated Report 2023
MOHAMED RIDZA MOHAMED ABDULLA 
Independent Non-Executive Director
Academic Qualification(s)
•    Bachelor of Laws, International Islamic University Malaysia 
(First Class Hons) 
•     Graduate Institute of Chartered Secretaries and 
Administrators (London)
Professional Qualification/Membership(s)
•  Advocate and Solicitor of the High Court of Malaya
•  Fellow, Chartered Institute of Adjudicators
•  Fellow, Institute of Chartered Secretaries & Administrators 
(London) (“FCIS”)
Present Appointment(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
•  KPJ Healthcare Berhad
Other Public Company(ies)
•Nil
Pesent Appointment(s)
•  Managing Partner, Messrs Mohamed Ridza & Co 
•  Board Member, OIC Arbitration Centre, Istanbul, Turkey
Expertise and Experience
Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla possesses extensive 
expertise in legal advisory encompassing foreign and 
multinational companies, venture capitalist transactions, 
capital markets, and real estate projects. His wealth of 
experience and knowledge enriches discussions at Board and 
Committee meetings, particularly as Chairman of the 
Risk Management Committee, where he adeptly guides 
decision-making processes.
As the Managing Partner of Mohamed Ridza & Co (“MRCO”), 
a boutique law firm recognised internationally by Legal 500 
and Chambers & Partners Asia, Ridza leads a distinguished 
team. MRCO is affiliated with LAWorld, a network of boutique 
law firms based in the United Kingdom and Spain.
Previously, Ridza served as a partner at Zaid Ibrahim & Co and 
began his career at Rashid & Lee. He also held the role of 
Group Legal Adviser at Arab Malaysian Corporation Berhad 
before joining Technip Asia Pacific, where he served as 
General Legal Counsel in Kuala Lumpur and Paris, France. He 
was also on the board of Bank Islam Malaysia Berhad, BIMB 
Investment Management Berhad and Theta Edge Berhad.
Ridza’s advisory portfolio spans corporate, telecommunications, 
ESG advisory, technology and financing sectors, including 
mergers and acquisitions, public company listings, joint 
ventures, and consortium agreements. He is renowned for his 
expertise in Islamic banking and finance, offering counsel to 
clients globally. In the realm of construction law, Ridza has 
negotiated contracts for projects ranging from oil, gas, and 
petrochemical ventures to light railway transit systems and 
road projects across Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, 
and the USA. Ridza’s contributions to the legal field have 
earned him acclaim, including recognition as one of the top 
100 lawyers in Malaysia by Asia Business Journal in year 2019 
to 2022.
Declaration
•  He does not have any conflict of interest with the Company 
or any family relationship with any other Director and/or 
major shareholders of the Company. 
• He has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
•  He has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has he been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
•  He has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company. 
Gender Male
Age 54
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
•  Risk Management Committee 
(Chairman)
•  Audit Committee
•  Board Tender Committee
Date of Appointment: 1 July 2020
Length of Tenure as Director: 
3 years and 8 months
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
6/6

---- Page 198 ----
196
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Board of Directors’ Profiles
DATO’ HAMIDAH NAZIADIN
Independent Non-Executive Director
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Bachelor of Laws, University of Wolverhampton, United 
Kingdom
•  Certificate in Personnel Management, Malaysian Institute 
of Personnel Management 
Professional Qualification/Membership(s)
•  Certified in-house Facilitator – Franklin Covey’s the 7 Habits 
of Highly Effective People for CIMB Group
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
•  Maxis Berhad
• Nestle (Malaysia) Berhad
• Mr D.I.Y. Group (M) Berhad
Other Public Company(ies)
•Nil
Present Appointment(s)
•  Board Member, Majlis Sukan Negara
•  Member, Razak School of Government’s Leadership 
Development Committee
Expertise and Experience
Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin brings over three decades of strategic 
human resources (“HR”) and leadership expertise in the 
financial services sectors across Malaysia and ASEAN. 
Renowned for her dedication to talent development and 
retention, she has distinguished herself in key HR and leadership 
roles within the industry. Her commitment to advancing 
corporate social responsibility initiatives underscores her 
holistic approach to organisational success, particularly in 
community development, sports, education and youth financial 
literacy. This breadth of focus equips her to provide invaluable 
input and perspectives at Board and Board Committees’ 
discussions.
Beyond her professional endeavours, Dato’ Hamidah is deeply 
involved in mentoring and coaching young talent and women 
across various platforms, reflecting her passion for nurturing 
the next generation of leaders. 
As the former Group Chief People Officer of the CIMB Group 
until October 2020, Dato’ Hamidah spearheaded innovative 
people strategies, fostering an agile workforce and leveraging 
technology to enhance the employee experience. Her leadership 
was instrumental in successfully integrating resources during 
mergers and acquisitions, contributing to CIMB’s growth and 
expansion across Malaysia, ASEAN and the APAC regions. Her 
strategic HR initiatives have earned widespread recognition, 
reflected in numerous industry awards.
In her role as Chief Executive Officer of CIMB Foundation 
from May 2016 to October 2020, Dato’ Hamidah championed 
impactful corporate social responsibility initiatives, 
positioning CIMB as a socially responsible organisation 
committed to making a difference in the communities it 
serves. Her tenure saw significant contributions to community 
development, education and youth empowerment, aligning 
with CIMB’s mission to create a positive impact beyond 
business objectives.
Declaration
•  She does not have any conflict of interest with the 
Company or any family relationship with any other Director 
and/or major shareholders of the Company. 
•  She has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
• She has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has she been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
• She has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Gender Female 
Age 60
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
•  Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee 
•  Board Sustainability Committee
Date of Appointment: 1 October 2021
Length of Tenure as Director:
2 years 5 months
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
6/6

---- Page 199 ----
197Integrated Report 2023
DR. LISA LIM POH LIN
Independent Non-Executive Director
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Doctor of Philosophy (“PhD”), Masters and Bachelor in 
Engineering, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom (“UK”)
Professional Qualification/Membership(s)
•  Chartered Financial Analyst (“CFA”)
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
•Nil
Other Public Company(ies)
•Nil
Present Appointment(s)
•  Investment Committee Member of CFA UK
•  Investment Committee Member of Foundation Scotland
Expertise and Experience
Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin has over 20 years of work experience as an 
academic and as an investor. She has also held various senior 
advisory and corporate Board roles. She was most recently a 
Partner and a Portfolio Manager at Prusik Investment 
Management where she was instrumental in setting up and 
leading Prusik’s sustainable investing capabilities. Prior to that, 
Dr. Lisa was a Fund Manager at Columbia Threadneedle 
Investments in London for over a decade where she managed a 
number of institutional portfolios. She also held the role as the 
Head of Global Telecoms Research. 
Before joining the Investment Management industry, Dr. Lisa 
was an Assistant Professor at the National University of 
Singapore. Dr. Lisa currently serves on the Investment Committee 
of Foundation Scotland and is also a member of CFA UK 
Investment Committee, advising the respective committees on 
sustainability matters. Her interests in her Board and advisor 
roles are in the areas of best practice corporate governance and 
sustainability. She is a member of Chapter Zero in the UK. 
She is also a former Independent Non-Executive Director of 
Axiata Group. 
Dr. Lisa was a recipient of Malaysia’s Public Services Commission 
Full Scholarship for her undergraduate studies and a recipient of 
the Cambridge Commonwealth Trust Full Scholarship for her 
doctoral research at the University of Cambridge. Her academic 
interest is in the areas of innovation, technology management 
and sustainable business models. Dr. Lisa maintains an interest 
in academic research and her research contributions continue to 
be cited in top international journals.
Declaration
•  She does not have any conflict of interest with the 
Company or any family relationship with any other Director 
and/or major shareholders of the Company. 
•  She has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
•  She has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has she been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
•  She has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Gender Female 
Age 47
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
• Risk Management Committee 
•  Board Sustainability Committee
Date of Appointment: 1 October 2021
Length of Tenure as Director:
2 years 5 months
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
6/6

---- Page 200 ----
198
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Board of Directors’ Profiles
NUR FARAHBI SHAARI
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Bachelor of Science (Economics), University of Warwick
•  Certificate Shahriah, International Islamic University 
Malaysia
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
• Nil
Other Public Company(ies)
• Nil
Present Appointment(s)
•  Head of Global Real Estate & Asset Management, 
Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“PNB”)
Expertise and Experience
Nur Farahbi Shaari brings over thirteen years of expertise in 
leading the development and execution of value-creation 
strategies across diverse investment portfolios, with a distinct 
focus on real estate and strategic investments. Her extensive 
hands-on experience in managing investment transactions, 
navigating cross-border deals, and providing valuable input 
during deliberations at meetings of the Board and Board 
Sustainability Committee of Sime Darby Property underscores 
her contribution to strategic decision-making.
Since joining PNB in 2009, Farahbi has held various roles 
spanning different divisions, including Investment Evaluation, 
Office of the President & Group Chief Executive, Risk 
Management, Strategic Investments and Real Estate. Her 
tenure has seen her adeptly manage investment transactions, 
negotiate cross-border deals, and navigate complex corporate 
finance structures. Notably, she has played a pivotal role in 
enhancing the performance of PNB’s private Real Estate 
Investment Trust (“REIT”) and overseeing a multifaceted real 
estate portfolio.
Farahbi’s expertise extends to formulating comprehensive 
investment strategies, optimising commercial leasing 
arrangements, and ensuring efficient facilities management 
practices. Her practical experience across the investment 
lifecycle, from evaluation to execution and management, has 
contributed significantly to PNB’s success in the dynamic 
investment landscape, particularly in the recent post-
pandemic period.
As Head of Global Real Estate & Asset Management, Farahbi’s 
leadership has been instrumental in driving the growth of 
PNB’s real estate investment portfolio and delivering 
sustainable value to its stakeholders. 
Declaration
•  She does not have any conflict of interest with the 
Company or any family relationship with any other Director 
and/or major shareholders of the Company except by 
virtue of her being a Nominee Director of PNB. 
•  She has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy.
•  She has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has he been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
•  She has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Gender Female 
Age 38
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
•  Board Sustainability Committee
Date of Appointment: 1 September 2023
Length of Tenure as Director:
7 months
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
1/1

---- Page 201 ----
199Integrated Report 2023
Academic Qualification(s)
•  Bachelor of Accounting and Finance, London School of 
Economics & Political Science
Professional Qualification/Membership(s)
•  Member of the Association of Chartered Certified 
Accountants
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entity(ies)
•Nil
Other Public Company(ies)
•Nil
Present Appointment(s
•  Vice President of Strategic Investments, Permodalan 
Nasional Berhad (“PNB”)
Expertise and Experience
Khalid Mohammed Noor has more than 15 years of extensive 
experience in finance and investment management. His career 
journey began at PNB in 2007 as a Management Trainee and 
later, an Executive in the Corporate Finance Department in 
2008. His tenure at PNB has been marked by a series of 
significant contributions and advancements, including 
secondments to Chemical Company of Malaysia Berhad and 
UMW Holdings Berhad, where he served for two years and 
five months, respectively. Upon his return to PNB, Khalid 
ascended the ranks, and assumed the roles as a Senior 
Manager and subsequently as Assistant Vice President of 
Public Equity and later, Strategic Investments.
Currently, Khalid holds the position of Vice President of 
Strategic Investments at PNB, where he plays the role in 
overseeing the monitoring of PNB’s investments in selected 
strategic and core companies, with a focus on value 
enhancements. His wealth of experience and demonstrated 
leadership capabilities position him as an asset to the 
organisation, contributing to its continued success and growth.
Declaration
•  He does not have any conflict of interest with the Company 
or any family relationship with any other Director and/or 
major shareholders of the Company except by virtue of 
him being the Alternate Director to Nur Farahbi Shaari, 
Nominee Director of PNB.
•  He has complied with the Company’s Conflict of Interest 
Policy. 
•  He has not been convicted of any offences within the past 
five (5) years nor has he been imposed of any public 
sanction or penalty by any relevant regulatory bodies 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
•  He has not held any direct or indirect shares in the Company 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
KHALID MOHAMMED NOOR
Alternate Director to Nur Farahbi Shaari
Gender Male
Age 39
Nationality Malaysian
Membership of Board Committees: 
• Nil
Date of Appointment: 1 September 2023
Length of Tenure as Director:
7 months
Board Meeting Attendance in 2023:
1/1

---- Page 202 ----
200
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Executive Leadership Composition
as of March 2024
Age Group 
1
14
Malaysian Non-Malaysian
Nationality
Senior
Management
Ethnicity Gender
Group Managing Director 01
Senior Management 8 6
Senior Management
Bumiputera
Chinese   
Indian
Group Managing Director
Bumiputera
Chinese 0
Indian 0
4
1
1
9
35 - 39 years 50 - 59 years
Including Group Managing Director
40 - 49 years 60 years and above

---- Page 203 ----
201Integrated Report 2023
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Associate of Malaysian Institute of Chartered 
Secretaries and Administrators (“MAICSA”)
• Fellow Member of Association of Chartered 
Certified Accountants, United Kingdom (“FCCA”)
• Member of Malaysian Institute of Accountants 
(“MIA”)
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2017-2018: Chief Financial Officer, Hatten Land 
Limited, Singapore
• 2010-2017: Chief Financial Officer, IOI Properties 
Group Berhad
• 2009-2010: Group Financial Controller, INTI 
Education Group, Laureate International 
Universities
• 2004-2009: Chief Financial Officer, Cosmos 
Discovery Sdn Bhd
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration 
(Finance), Haworth College of Business, Western 
Michigan University, United States of America
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
For details of Dato’ Azmir Merican’s profile, please 
refer to page 189 of this Integrated Report.
DATO’ AZMIR MERICAN
Group Managing Director
BETTY LAU SUI HING
Group Chief Financial Officer
Executive Leadership Profiles
Family Relationship with Directors and/or Major Shareholders
None of the Key Senior Management has any family relationship with any Director and/or major shareholder of Sime Darby Property  Berhad.
Conflict of Interest
None of the Key Senior Management has any conflict of interest with Sime Darby Property Berhad.
Conviction of Offences
None of the Key Senior Management has been convicted for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, i f any.
Public Sanction/Penalty
None of the Key Senior Management has any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by any regulatory bodies during the financ ial year ended 31 December 2023.
Shareholdings
None of the Key Senior Management holds any direct or indirect shares in Sime Darby Property Berhad during the financial year e nded 31 December 2023.
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering, 
California State University, Long Beach, 
United States of America
• Member of The Institution of Engineers, 
Malaysia
• Professional Engineer, Board of Engineers 
Malaysia
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2020-2022: Chief Operating Officer – 
Township Development, Sime Darby 
Property Berhad
• 2013-2020: Managing Director, Project, 
Tropicana Corporation Berhad
• 2012-2013: Head of Project Management, 
Glenmarie Properties Sdn Bhd
• 2003-2012: General Manager, Planning, 
Development & Technical Audit, Kumpulan 
Hartanah Selangor Berhad
• 1997-2003: Head of Technical Department, 
Central Spectrum (M) Sdn Bhd
• 1994-1997: Assistant Project Manager, 
Sunway City Berhad
• 1992-1994: Site Engineer, PKNS Engineering 
& Construction Berhad
• 1991-1992: Site Engineer, Kulim Enterprise 
Sdn Bhd
DATO’ IR. MOHD SOHIMIN MOHD 
ALAYEDIN
Chief Executive Officer
– Property Development
Nationality: 
Non-Malaysian 
(Permanent 
Resident of 
Malaysia)
Age: 61
Date Joined: 
3 December 2018
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 53
Date Joined: 
22 April 2020
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 56
Date Joined: 
1 April 2020

---- Page 204 ----
202
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Executive Leadership Profiles
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Master of Science in Property Appraisal and 
Management, Sheffield Hallam University, United 
Kingdom
• Bachelor’s Degree in Architecture, Manchester 
Metropolitan University and The University of 
Manchester, United Kingdom
• Bachelor of Applied Science in Architectural 
Technology, Curtin University, Australia
• Member of the Royal Institution of Chartered 
Surveyors (“MRICS”)
• Member of the Royal Institute of British 
Architects (“RIBA”)
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2021-2022: Deputy Chief Operating Officer – 
Township Development, Sime Darby Property 
Berhad
• 2020 - 2021: Senior General Manager, Business 
Unit 1, Sime Darby Property Berhad
• 2017-2019: General Manager, Business Unit 1, 
Sime Darby Property Berhad
• 2015-2017: Head of Cluster 1, Sime Darby 
Property Berhad
• 2014-2015: Head of Township, Elmina West & 
Puchong Land, Sime Darby Property Berhad
• 2011-2014: Development Manager, Sime Darby 
Property Berhad
• 2009-2011: Planning & Development Consultant, 
Peel Group, United Kingdom
APPOLLO LEONG YONG KUAN
Chief Operating Officer
– Township Development
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Bachelor’s Degree in Civil Engineering (Hons), 
Universiti Teknologi Malaysia
• Member of The Institution of Engineers Malaysia
• Professional Engineer, Board of Engineers, 
Malaysia
Working Experience
• 2020: Senior General Manager, Business Unit 2/
Acting General Manager, Business Unit 3, Sime 
Darby Property Berhad
• 2017-2020: General Manager, Business Unit 2, 
Sime Darby Property Berhad
• 2015-2017: Head of Cluster 2, Sime Darby 
Property Berhad
• 2014-2015: Head of Township, Bandar Bukit Raja 
2 & 3, Sungai Kapar Indah & Jalan Acob, Sime 
Darby Property Berhad
• 2012-2014: Head of Township, Nilai Impian 
1 & 2 and Planters’ Haven 1 & 2, Sime Darby 
Property Berhad
• 2008-2012: Held various positions in IJM 
Corporation and the last being the Head of 
Properties, IJM India
• 1991-2008: Project Manager, Road Builder Group 
of Companies
DATUK IR. MOHD IDRIS ABDULLAH
Chief Operating Officer
– Integrated Development
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Master of Finance, RMIT University Malaysia 
• Bachelor’s Degree in Biotechnology, Monash 
University Malaysia 
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2022-2023: General Manager, Corporate Planning 
& Development, Sime Darby Property Berhad
• 2020-2021: General Manager, Corporate Planning 
& Development | Acting Head, Investment & 
Asset Management, Sime Darby Property Berhad
• 2018-2020: Head of Corporate Strategy, UEM 
Edgenta Berhad
• 2011-2018: Vice President, Investments, Khazanah 
Nasional Berhad
• 2009-2011: Manager, Corporate Finance, RHB 
Investment Bank Berhad
AURELIA LEE MAY YOKE
Chief Operating Officer
– Investment & Asset Management
Family Relationship with Directors and/or Major Shareholders
None of the Key Senior Management has any family relationship with any Director and/or major shareholder of Sime Darby Property  Berhad.
Conflict of Interest
None of the Key Senior Management has any conflict of interest with Sime Darby Property Berhad.
Conviction of Offences
None of the Key Senior Management has been convicted for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, i f any.
Public Sanction/Penalty
None of the Key Senior Management has any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by any regulatory bodies during the financ ial year ended 31 December 2023.
Shareholdings
None of the Key Senior Management holds any direct or indirect shares in Sime Darby Property Berhad during the financial year e nded 31 December 2023.
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 55
Date Joined: 
1 February 2012
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 45
Date Joined: 
3 October 2011
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 39
Date Joined: 
12 May 2020

---- Page 205 ----
203Integrated Report 2023
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Master of Business Administration in Human 
Resource Management, University of Wales
• Certified Credit Professionals (Consumer), 
The Institute of Bankers Malaysia
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2019-2023: Regional Head, Organisation Design, 
Workforce Planning and Analytics, CIMB Group
• 2018-2019: Regional Head, Workforce Planning & 
Talent Acquisition, CIMB Group
• 2015-2018: Regional Head, Organisation Design 
& Workforce Planning, CIMB Group
• 2007-2015: HR Relationship Manager, CIMB Bank
• 1995-2007: Assistant Branch Manager, Maybank 
(Branch Operations)
CHUA ENG IMM 
Chief People Officer
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, 
Tri-State University, United States of America
• Executive Programme, Advanced Strategic 
Management, IMD Business School, Switzerland
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2017-2021: Vice President & Head of Marketing, 
Commercial Division, Telekom Malaysia Berhad
• 2015-2017: Chief Marketing Officer, Webe 
Digital Sdn Bhd (a Telekom Malaysia company)
• 2013-2014: Group Chief Marketing & Head of 
Analytics, Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia 
Berhad
• 2005-2013: Senior General Manager, Maxis Berhad
• 2003-2005: Group Brand Manager, Johnson & 
Johnson Sdn Bhd
• 2001-2003: Senior Brand Manager, Nestle 
(Malaysia) Berhad
• 1999-2001: Franchise Manager, Johnson & Johnson 
ASEAN
• 1995-1999: Senior Brand Manager, Lam Soon 
Malaysia Berhad
DATUK LAI SHU WEI
Chief Marketing & Sales Officer
Family Relationship with Directors and/or Major Shareholders
None of the Key Senior Management has any family relationship with any Director and/or major shareholder of Sime Darby Property  Berhad.
Conflict of Interest
None of the Key Senior Management has any conflict of interest with Sime Darby Property Berhad.
Conviction of Offences
None of the Key Senior Management has been convicted for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, i f any.
Public Sanction/Penalty
None of the Key Senior Management has any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by any regulatory bodies during the financ ial year ended 31 December 2023.
Shareholdings
None of the Key Senior Management holds any direct or indirect shares in Sime Darby Property Berhad during the financial year e nded 31 December 2023.
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Master of Business Administration (MBA) 
Nottingham University of Malaysia
• Master of Science in Computer Aided Graphical 
Technology Applications University of Teesside, 
UK 
• BSc in Information Technology University of 
Southern Queensland
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2021 -2024: Chief Innovation & Digital Officer, 
Hong Leong Assurance
• 2019-2021: Chief Operations Officer, AXA Affin 
General Insurance
• 2015-2018: Assistant Vice President, Metlife 
Solutions 
• 2011-2015: Senior Development Manager, 
Hewlett-Packard 
ELMEN TAN YEW SENG
Chief Digital and Technology Officer
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 50
Date Joined: 
1 May 2023
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 51
Date Joined: 
1 April 2021
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 51
Date Joined: 
4 March 2024

---- Page 206 ----
204
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Executive Leadership Profiles
Family Relationship with Directors and/or Major Shareholders
None of the Key Senior Management has any family relationship with any Director and/or major shareholder of Sime Darby Property  Berhad.
Conflict of Interest
None of the Key Senior Management has any conflict of interest with Sime Darby Property Berhad.
Conviction of Offences
None of the Key Senior Management has been convicted for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, i f any.
Public Sanction/Penalty
None of the Key Senior Management has any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by any regulatory bodies during the financ ial year ended 31 December 2023.
Shareholdings
Save for Tang Ai Leen who holds 5,000 ordinary shares (direct), none of the Key Senior Management holds any direct or indirect shares in Sime Darby Property Berhad during the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023.
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Bachelor of Laws (Hons), University of Bristol, 
United Kingdom
• Licensed Secretary by the Companies Commission 
of Malaysia
• Certificate of Legal Practice, Brickfields College
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2015-2021: General Manager, Corporate 
Secretarial Services/Joint Company Secretary, 
Bumi Armada Berhad
• 2010-2015: Regional Head, Corporate Secretarial 
Services, Maybank Kim Eng/Company Secretary, 
Maybank Investment Bank Berhad
• 2006-2010: Assistant Vice President, Group 
Secretarial Services, Malayan Banking Berhad
• 2001-2006: Senior Executive, Secretarial Services, 
United Malayan Land Berhad
NOREEN MELINI MUZAMLI
Group Company Secretary
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Master of Forensic Accounting, University of 
Wollongong, Australia
• Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting and Finance, 
Middlesex University London, United Kingdom
• Member of the Malaysian Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2017: Head of Compliance, Sime Darby Plantation 
Berhad
• 2012-2017: Head, Group & Divisional Compliance, 
Sime Darby Holdings Berhad
• 2007-2012: Associate Director, Pricewater- 
houseCoopers Advisory Sdn Bhd
• 2005-2007: Senior Manager, KPMG Forensic, 
KPMG Australia
• 1994-2005: Associate, KPMG Consulting Services 
Sdn Bhd
TANG AI LEEN
Chief Risk, Integrity & Compliance Officer
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Association of Chartered Certified Accountants 
(“ACCA”)
• Fellow Member of Association of Chartered 
Certified Accountants, United Kingdom (“FCCA”)
• Member of Malaysian Institute of Accountants 
(“MIA”)
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2012-2017: Chief Internal Auditor/Head of Group 
Internal Audit, Wah Seong Corporation Berhad
• 2012: Audit Director, KPMG Malaysia
• 2005-2012: Senior Manager, Pricewater-
houseCoopers (Malaysia & Los Angeles)
ARAVINDAN K. DEVAPALAN
Chief Assurance Officer
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 53
Date Joined: 
24 November 2017
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 47
Date Joined: 
17 August 2021
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 51
Date Joined: 
5 March 2018

---- Page 207 ----
205Integrated Report 2023
Family Relationship with Directors and/or Major Shareholders
None of the Key Senior Management has any family relationship with any Director and/or major shareholder of Sime Darby Property  Berhad.
Conflict of Interest
None of the Key Senior Management has any conflict of interest with Sime Darby Property Berhad.
Conviction of Offences
None of the Key Senior Management has been convicted for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, i f any.
Public Sanction/Penalty
None of the Key Senior Management has any public sanction or penalty imposed on them by any regulatory bodies during the financ ial year ended 31 December 2023.
Shareholdings
None of the Key Senior Management holds any direct or indirect shares in Sime Darby Property Berhad during the financial year e nded 31 December 2023.
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Bacherlor’s Degree (Hons) in Mechanical 
Engineering, The University of Wollongong, 
Australia
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2021-2023: General Manager, Safety &  
Sustainability, Sime Darby Property Berhad
• 2017-2020: Head, Operational Excellence & 
HSSE, UEM Edgenta Berhad
• 2013-2017: Group HSSE Expertise Team Lead, 
Shell HQ, The Hague
• 2012-2013: General Manager, Downstream 
Retail, Shell Pakistan
• 1991-2012: Various roles in Shell Malaysia - 
Operations, HSSE, Learning Manager, Project and 
Maintenance Engineering
MOHD RAZIF MOHD YUSOFF 
General Manager, Health, Safety, 
Security & Environment
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• PhD in Sustainability Studies, University of 
Malaya
• Master of Science (M.Sc.) in Biotechnology, 
University of Malaya 
• Bachelor’s Degree, Biology, Duke University 
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2019-2023: Sustainability Director (Malaysia), 
Lendlease Malaysia
• 2018-2019: Programme Director, Malaysia Global 
Center of Innovation and Creativity (“MaGIC”)
• 2012-2019: Vice Chairman/Chairperson,  
Malaysian Environmental NGOs (“MENGO”)
• 2005: Founder, EcoKnights
• 2005-2023: President EcoKnights
• 2003-2005: Head of Research and Development, 
Profound Vaccine Sdn Bhd
• 1998-2003: Communications Officer/Scientific 
Officer, WWF-Malaysia
DR. YASMIN RASYID 
General Manager, Sustainability
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)
• Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Genetics & 
Molecular Biology from the University of Malaya
• Chartered Financial Analyst (“CFA”)
Present Directorship(s) In Listed Entity/Other 
Public Companies
• Nil
Working Experience
• 2023: General Manager, Corporate Development 
& Transformation, Sime Darby Property Berhad 
• 2021-2022: General Manager, Transformation 
Office/Acting Head, Digital & Transformation, 
Sime Darby Property Berhad 
• 2017-2020: Manager/Head, Transformation 
Office, Sime Darby Property Berhad
• 2010-2017: Senior Executive/Assistant Manager/
Manager, Corporate Finance, Sime Darby 
Holdings Berhad
• 2007-2010: Executive, Corporate Assurance, Sime 
Darby Holdings Berhad
JORDAN NG SEAH HEE 
Head, Corporate Planning & 
Development 
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 48
Date Joined: 
23 October 2023
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 56
Date Joined: 
4 January 2021
Nationality: 
Malaysian
Age: 39
Date Joined: 
16 July 2007

---- Page 208 ----
206
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Organisation Structure
as at 31 March 2024
GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER,
INVESTMENT & ASSET MANAGEMENT
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER,
INTEGRATED DEVELOPMENT
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT
BUSINESS SEGMENTS   CORPORATE SUPPORT
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
COMMITTEES
GROUP CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER
CHIEF MARKETING 
& SALES OFFICER
HEAD, CORPORATE PLANNING
& DEVELOPMENT
CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER
GENERAL MANAGER, HEALTH,
SAFETY, SECURITY & ENVIRONMENT
CHIEF DIGITAL & TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER
GENERAL MANAGER, 
SUSTAINABILITY
CHIEF ASSURANCE OFFICER
CHIEF RISK, INTEGRITY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER
GROUP COMPANY SECRETARY
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER,
TOWNSHIP DEVELOPMENT


---- Page 209 ----
207Integrated Report 2023
LEADERSHIP & PURPOSE
Chairman’s Introduction
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Corporate Governance Overview Statement for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023. This Statement describes the governance structures and procedures in place and summarises 
the work of the Board and its Committees to illustrate how our responsibilities have been discharged in 2023.“ “
This Corporate Governance Overview Statement is to be read with our  
Corporate Governance Report which is made available online at   
https://www.simedarbyproperty.com/investor-relations/shareholders. 
The Board recognises the intrinsic value and importance of robust corporate 
governance and the role it plays in supporting the long-term success and sustainability 
of the business. This Corporate Governance Overview Statement provides vital 
insights into the corporate governance practices of the Sime Darby Property Group 
(“the Group”), guided by the principles and best practices as set out in the Malaysian 
Code of Corporate Governance (“MCCG”) published by the Securities Commission of 
Malaysia (“SC”).
FRAMEWORKS APPLIED
• MCCG
• Main Market Listing Requirements (“Listing Requirements”) of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”)
• Corporate Governance Guide 4th Edition issued by Bursa Malaysia Berhad 
(“Bursa Malaysia”)
• Companies Act 2016 (“CA 2016”)
• Guidelines on Conduct of Directors of Listed Corporations and their Subsidiaries 
published by the SC
• Corporate Governance Monitor 2022 published by the SC
• Developments in market practice and regulations
MCCG PRINCIPLES
PRINCIPLE A
Board Leadership and
Effectiveness
PRINCIPLE B
Effective Audit and
Risk Management
PRINCIPLE C
Integrity in Corporate 
Reporting and 
Meaningful Relationship 
with Stakeholders
We strongly believe that sound corporate governance practices serve as a cornerstone 
for driving shareholder value, fostering business integrity, instilling investors’ 
confidence and realising the Group’s corporate objectives and vision.
As Sime Darby Property steadfastly 
pursues its strategic and sustainability 
goals and objectives, the Board and 
Management remain committed to 
fortifying the Group’s governance 
framework. This ongoing effort ensures 
that the Group’s governance structure 
harmoniously aligns with its strategic 
and operational goals and objectives 
while upholding principles of ethical 
behaviour, accountability, transparency 
and sustainability. The Board maintains 
unwavering focus on the Purpose, Vision, 
Mission & Values (“PVMV”) of the Group 
and corporate culture, aiming to drive 
innovation and discover novel workable 
solutions to prevailing challenges.
The rest of the Corporate Governance 
Overview Statement will provide a 
comprehensive insight into how the 
Company continues to uphold elevated 
standards of corporate governance.  
Each key Board Committee will provide 
details of its respective undertakings, 
demonstrating our steadfast commitment 
to transparency and accountability in all 
facets of our operations. 
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 210 ----
GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
The existing Sime Darby Property governance framework ensures orderly and effective discharge of the Board’s roles and 
responsibilities where the Board has delegated specific responsibilities to the Board Committees, Group Managing Director 
(“GMD”) and Management Committees, as depicted below:
Group 
Management 
Committee
Group 
Investment
Committee
Group Tender
Committee
Governance 
Oversight 
Management 
Committee
Management
Sustainability
Committee
Development 
Committee
Audit 
Committee
Nomination and 
Remuneration 
Committee
Risk Management 
Committee
Board Tender
Committee
Board 
Sustainability 
Committee 
Shareholders
Group Managing Director
Board of Directors
208
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 211 ----
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
The Board views corporate governance as a fundamental 
process contributing towards achieving long-term shareholder 
value, taking into account the interest of all other stakeholders. 
The Group believes that a healthy corporate culture and robust 
governance framework ensures that the organisation continues 
to run smoothly and efficiently.
Amidst an increasingly challenging business environment, the 
Board is committed to strengthening the Group’s corporate 
governance practices and processes to effectively meet growing 
operating challenges. 
Sound corporate governance practices are the cornerstone of 
achieving sustainable long-term performance, maximising 
returns for the Group’s stakeholders, and creating long-term 
economic value and growth.
The governance framework, its structure and processes, are 
built upon the Terms of Reference (“TOR”) of the Board 
Committees, which are complemented by the Group’s Policies 
and Authority Limits and supported by the various management 
committees, policies and procedures.
The Board works to ensure that the Group’s governance 
structure continues to remain appropriate and that it keeps 
abreast with relevant corporate governance and regulatory 
requirements. The structure and associated practices are 
reviewed when necessary to reflect the changes in the Group’s 
operating environment.
BOARD CHARTER
The Board Charter is a primary source of reference for Directors 
on matters relating to the Board and its processes, as well as 
the roles and responsibilities of the Board, the individual 
Directors and the Senior Independent Director (“SID”). It sets 
out the Board’s strategic intent and authority, outlines its high-
level duties, as well as those which the Board may delegate to 
the Board Committees, the GMD and Management. 
The Board Charter identifies clearly, the issues, matters and 
decisions specifically reserved for the Board. It also outlines 
what is expected of individual directors in terms of commitment, 
roles and responsibilities as Directors. 
While appropriately delegating its authority to Board 
Committees or Management, the Board does not abdicate its 
responsibility and exercises at all times, collective oversight of 
them. The Board further ensures that it does not leave the 
management of the Company’s affairs to the Board Committees 
without committing a breach of duty and that the Directors 
remain responsible for the exercise of such powers.
The Board Charter is accessible on the Group’s corporate website at 
www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance.
ETHICAL LEADERSHIP BY THE BOARD
Sime Darby Property is guided by the Code of Business 
Conduct (“COBC”), which outlines the standards of behaviour 
and ethical conduct expected of all Directors, employees, 
counterparts and business partners of the Group. The COBC 
not only promotes legal and procedural compliance but also 
provides a moral compass to ensure that the individual’s 
behaviour is in line with the Group’s core values and business 
objectives.
All Directors and employees are expected to understand the 
principles and standards stipulated and must comply with them 
not only in their form but also in the substance of the ethical 
principles and conduct stated in the COBC. Further details on 
the COBC are available on the Group’s corporate website.
In addition, Sime Darby Property has in place various ethical 
policies, which include a Conflict of Interest (“COI”) Policy, last 
revised in November 2023. The COI policy provides guidance to 
Directors and employees on the following and, prevents acts of 
conflict of interest from damaging the Group’s interest and 
reputation:
1) The need to disclose their interest or interest of a person 
connected to them that might appear to affect their 
ability to perform their fiduciary duties or interfere, 
appear to interfere, with the interests of Sime Darby 
Property Group; and
2) Identifying and handling potential, perceived, and actual 
conflicts of interest, including interest in any competing 
business, whether in the same geographical location as 
the Group’s business or otherwise, as and when the 
conflict of interest may arise.
209Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 212 ----
Directors are required to inform the Chairman of the Board as 
soon as practicable after the relevant facts have come to their 
knowledge of any conflicts or potential conflicts of interest 
they may have, including interest in any competing business. 
As part of enhancing the Sime Darby Property’s ability to 
manage conflict of interest, the Board has instituted the need 
for the Board and the Board Tender Committee (“BTC”) 
meeting agenda to be shared with the Directors/BTC Members 
in advance to enable them to assess whether they are in actual 
or potential conflict with any of the agendas to be tabled at 
the meeting. Directors who have disclosed interest in a specific 
agenda item will have restricted access to the relevant meeting 
paper(s). At the start of the meetings, the Chairman would 
notify the Directors whether the Group Company Secretary had 
received any declaration of conflict of interest or potential 
conflict of interest prior to the meeting. 
During meetings, Directors must also disclose the extent and 
nature of their interests at a Board meeting or as soon as 
practicable after they become aware of the potential or actual 
conflict of interest. Further to this, a Director must abstain 
from participating in the deliberation and Board decision on 
the matter as he/she is an interested party unless resolved 
otherwise by the remaining members of the Board. Directors 
may only use or disclose information relating to Sime Darby 
Property to the extent that such use or disclosure is consistent 
with their duties as directors. All Directors, during the financial 
year under review, have complied with Sime Darby Property’s 
COI Policy.
In addition, no contracts relating to loans involving the interests 
of Directors and Major Shareholders were entered into by the 
Group during FY2023, as disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. This not only upholds the Group’s commitment to 
transparency and integrity but also mitigates risks associated 
with conflict of interest.
The Board has also, during the year under review, approved the 
changes to the Audit Committee (“AC”) TOR and the Group’s 
COI policy that have reflected the revised conflict of interest 
requirements as prescribed by the amendments to the Bursa 
Securities’ Listing Requirements on 26 May 2023.
The Board is also guided by the Related Party Transactions 
(“RPT”) policy, which was last updated in November 2023. 
This policy aims to ensure proper identification of related 
parties and that RPTs are declared, approved and reported 
appropriately. It sets forth the procedures and guidelines for 
reviewing RPTs and Recurrent RPTs (“RRPTs”), which requires 
any Director or key management personnel who has an interest 
(“Interested Party”), whether direct or indirect, in any RPT 
must abstain from deliberations and voting on the relevant 
resolution at the AC/BTC/Board meeting and ensure that 
persons connected with the Interested Party also abstain from 
voting at the relevant meeting. Where shareholders’ approval 
is required, a related party with any direct or indirect interest 
must not vote on the resolution in respect of the RPT at the 
shareholders’ meeting. Interested Party must also ensure that 
persons connected with them also abstain from voting on the 
resolution at the shareholders’ meeting.
A Notice of Closed and Open Period is issued to the Directors 
and Principal Officers of the Company by the Group Company 
Secretary on a quarterly basis, which underscores the obligation 
to promptly notify the Company of any dealings in its shares 
during these periods, within the stipulated timeline of Bursa 
Securities’ Listing Requirements, as they may be in possession 
of price-sensitive information relating to the Group. Notably, 
during the year under review, neither the Board nor the 
Principal Officers of the Company engaged in any trading 
activity within the closed and open period.
THE ROLE OF THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES
Good governance practices are integrated across the Sime 
Darby Property Group. The Board is accountable to shareholders 
to create and deliver sustainable value through oversight of the 
management of the Group’s business, approving strategic 
plans, monitoring their implementation and providing the 
necessary support for their successful execution.
The Board is ultimately responsible for all the actions and 
decisions of the Company and has in place specific policies, 
procedures and processes to guide organisational behaviour 
and to ensure that the line of responsibility between the Board 
and Management is clearly demarcated.
The Board discharges its responsibilities within a clearly 
defined governance framework and robust mechanisms in 
place. Effective operation of the Board relies on clarity of the 
various roles and responsibilities.
The Board has established Board Committees to oversee the 
important strategies and policies, and maintain effective 
oversight in respective areas. The Chairman of each Board 
Committee reports to the Board on salient matters discussed at 
the respective Board Committee meetings.
210
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 213 ----
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (“NRC”) RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (“RMC”)
Supports the Board on the following:
• Reviews the composition and balance of the Board, the 
required mix of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity 
of the Board.
• Reviews the performance evaluation, succession planning and 
human capital development focus in the Group, remuneration 
framework for the Non-Executive Directors (“NEDs”), 
Executive Director, key critical positions and employees of 
the Group.
• Reviews the fit and proper assessment of the Board and 
Executives holding directorship in Sime Darby Property 
Group including the Company Secretaries.
• Supports the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities pertaining 
to risk, integrity and compliance management.
• Oversees the implementation of the Group’s risk, integrity 
and compliance frameworks and its related key processes. 
Provides oversight, direction and counsel over key areas 
related to information technology and sustainability on top of 
other key material enterprise and operational risks of the 
Group. 
• Ensures that Management has put in place adequate resources, 
infrastructure, systems, controls, and processes to manage 
material risks that could impact the Group’s ability to achieve 
its strategic objectives and targets while safeguarding 
shareholders’ investment and the Group’s assets. 
AUDIT COMMITTEE (“AC”) BOARD TENDER COMMITEE (“BTC”)
• Supports the Board in overseeing the Group’s financial 
reporting process and practices, reviews the Group’s 
business process and system of internal controls across the 
Group, assesses suitability, objectivity and the independence 
of both external auditors and internal audit function.
• Reviews and manages any conflict of interest of Directors 
and Key Senior Management that arises.
• Supports the Board in overseeing the process of awarding 
significant tender awards valued above RM50 million and up 
to RM300 million.
• Reviews the procurement policies and procedures as set out 
in the Group Policies and Authorities (“GPA”), and Group 
Procurement Policies and Authorities.
BOARD SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE (“BSC”)
Supports the Board in overseeing the Group’s Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (“ESG”) strategy and framework 
and regularly assesses the adequacy and effectiveness of such strategy and framework.
The TOR of the Board Committees are available on the Group’s website at www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance. 
GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR
Responsible for the overall operations of the business, organisational effectiveness and implementation of the Group’s 
strategies and policies.
MANAGEMENT
Manages day-to-day operations of the Group and supports the GMD in implementing strategies and conducting business operations. 
The Management is given certain powers to execute transactions under the GPA, specifically the Limits of Authority.  
The Directors are fully aware that such delegation does not absolve them from their responsibilities as they remain responsible  
for the Management’s exercise of powers as if such powers have been exercised by the Directors themselves.
The table below shows the governance oversight role of the Board, the various components of governance that facilitate the 
interaction and flow between them. 
THE BOARD
Considers the balance of interests 
between stakeholders for the long-
term success of the Group.
Oversees the Group’s 
governance.
Sets the Group 
strategy.
Oversees alignment of the Group’s 
purpose, culture and values, strategy 
and risk appetite.
211Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 214 ----
BOARD LEADERSHIP
Sime Darby Property is led by the Board which is responsible for the stewardship of the business and affairs of the Group on be half 
of its shareholders and all other stakeholders.
The Board’s primary role is to determine Sime Darby Property’s strategic objectives and policies to deliver sustainable value t o its 
shareholders. In ensuring the protection of shareholder value, the Board takes into account the interests of stakeholders, including 
employees, business partners, local communities, regulators and the general public. 
Whilst shareholders and the Board jointly provide oversight on the control and management of the Company, the ultimate 
decision-making authority vests with the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) where, amongst others, important 
resolutions such as the re-election and remuneration of the Directors and appointment of External Auditors are considered and 
approved.
The Board, on the other hand, is accountable to the shareholders for the performance of the Company. In this regard, the Board 
directs and monitors the business and affairs of the Company on behalf of the shareholders.
The Board sets, oversees and approves the overall strategic objectives, direction and performance of the Group with some 
strategic oversight delegated to Board Committees. The Board takes appropriate action to ensure that the Group is suitably 
resourced to achieve its strategic aspirations. The Board considers the impact of its decisions and its responsibility to all the 
Group’s stakeholders.
The Board ensures that the Group’s strategic plan supports long-term value creation and includes strategies on economic, ESG 
considerations thereby strengthening the integration of sustainability in the Group’s operations. Through sustainable practices , 
the Group becomes more resilient, is able to create durable and sustainable value and maintains simultaneously, the confidence of 
its stakeholders.
The Board ensures that it is well-positioned to satisfy its oversight responsibility through periodic assessment of Board agend a 
priorities to ensure that it is well-informed on a timely basis on key and significant matters.
Together with Management, the Board promotes good corporate governance culture within the Group ensuring ethical leadership, 
prudent and professional behaviour in the conduct of its business and in all aspects of its operations.
The Board considers each NED to be independent in character and judgement. 
The Board is satisfied that each Director has devoted sufficient time to effectively discharge his/her responsibilities. The current 
composition of Directors has a blend of skills, experience and knowledge enabling them to provide effective oversight, strategi c 
guidance and constructive challenge, examine, review and decide on Management’s proposals and empower the GMD to 
implement strategies approved by the Board.
212
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 215 ----
PRINCIPAL BOARD ACTIVITIES IN 2023
During the financial year under review, the Board spent a considerable amount of time reviewing and discussing with Management 
the impact of labour shortage challenges, rise in material prices, as well as market challenges and headwinds. This included 
discussions on actions taken to fortify the financial and operational performance. At every scheduled Board meeting, the Senior  
Management and the Group Company Secretary apprised the Board on financial matters, operational, strategic activities and 
governance, respectively. The table below provides examples of significant matters discussed since the financial year ended (“FY”) 
31 December 2023:
Topic Activity and Outcome
Strategic Growth
and Sustainability
Agenda
• Reviewed and approved the proposed Annual Operating Plan for Financial Year (“FY”) 2024 to 2026, 
presented by all Heads of Business Units and key Departments at the 2024 Board Strategy Session 
held in November 2023.
• Received quarterly reports by the GMD, comprising status updates of the Corporate Priorities of the 
Group, the performance of each Business Units against respective targets and action plans in ensuring 
the targets would be achieved as per timeline.
• Reviewed the refinements made to the proposed Sustainability Strategy and Net Zero Announcement. 
• Received quarterly Sustainability Report, which includes, amongst others, the net zero emission 
goals, urban biodiversity, social sustainability and, disclosures and reporting.
• Reviewed and approved the Sustainability Statement for FY2022 Annual Report and Sustainability 
Report for FY2022.
• Received quarterly reports on the Health, Safety, Security and Environment of the Group.
• Reviewed fatality incident investigation report and respective mitigation action plans.
• Reviewed the proposed acquisition under Call Option Agreement with Sime Darby Plantation Berhad 
(“Kapar Land”) and recommended to the shareholders (non-interested) for approval at the 
Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) on 24 May 2023, taking into account the AC’s views 
regarding this RPT.
• Reviewed and approved the appointment of Principal Advisor and Independent Advisor for the 
Sungai Kapar transaction, to which the latter had assessed and confirmed the fairness of the 
transaction price equivalent to the market value of the land as valued by the independent valuer.
• Reviewed and approved the establishment of a joint venture company with Lagenda Properties  
Sdn Bhd.
• Reviewed the Property Development Recurring Income Playbook Initiatives.
• Reviewed and approved developments above the RM250 million Gross Development Cost Limit of 
the GPA.
• Reviewed and approved divestment of non-core lands as part of the landbank management and 
monetisation activities.
The Board received updates on all matters discussed at the BSC meetings as set out on pages 26 to 27 
of the Sustainability Report 2023 issued together with this Integrated Report 2023.
213Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 216 ----
Topic Activity and Outcome
Financial
and Business
Performance
• Reviewed and approved the Audited Financial Statements for FY 31 December 2022.
• Reviewed and approved the Quarterly Results, which covered revenue, profits, cash flow and debt 
position, for announcement to Bursa Securities.
• Reviewed and approved the Quarterly Press Releases for announcement to Bursa Securities.
• Reviewed and approved the Global Statutory Audit Fees for the FY 31 December 2023.
• Reviewed and approved the first and second single tier dividend for the FY 31 December 2023, which 
dividends were paid in equitable and timely manner (within one month from the book closing date).
• Reviewed and approved Zakat contributions.
• Approved report/contents of the Annual Report for FY2022, comprising the Corporate Governance 
(“CG”) Overview Statement and CG Report.
• Reviewed and approved the Audit Re-tendering Policy.
• Reviewed and approved the Non-Audit Services Policy.
• Received quarterly updates on the progress of the Battersea Power Station project.
• Received quarterly Investor Relations report.
• Received the summary of changes in accounting practices.
The Board received updates on all matters discussed at the AC meetings as set out in the AC Report on 
page 241.
Governance,
Integrity and Risks
• Reviewed and approved amendments to the TOR of the NRC, RMC, AC, BSC and BTC to align with 
the MCCG and market best practices.
• Reviewed and approved the revisions to the Fit and Proper Policy for Sime Darby Property Group.
• Reviewed the results and findings of the Board Effectiveness Evaluation (“BEE”) for FY2022, 
facilitated by an external consultant.
• Noted Minutes of Board Committee Meetings and received updates from the Chairman of respective 
Board Committees.
• Reviewed quarterly reports on RPTs and RRPTs.
• Reviewed proposals deemed to be RPT and ensured such RPTs were conducted on a fair and at arm’s 
length basis.
• Assessed the independence of its Independent Directors.
• Reviewed and approved the revisions to Sime Darby Property’s GPA and COBC for adoption by the 
Group.
• Received quarterly updates on cybersecurity events and risk matters.
• Received updates on ESG Risk Assessment for Top Six (6) Material Matters.
• Reviewed and approved changes to corporate representatives and principal officers of the Group.
• Reviewed the agenda outline of Board and Board Committees’ meetings for 2024.
The Board received updates on all matters discussed at the RMC meetings as set out in the RMC Report 
on pages 244 and 245.
People, 
Leadership and 
Succession Planning
• Reviewed the retirement of Directors by rotation and eligibility for re-election and recommended 
their re-election at the 50th AGM.
• Reviewed and approved changes to the composition of the Board and Board Committees, i.e. 
appointment of Non-Independent NED and her alternate, and as an additional member of the BSC.
• Reviewed and approved the Performance Scorecards for Corporate/GMD and GMD-1s for FY2022 
and scorecard setting for FY2023.
• Reviewed and approved the appointment, promotions and contract renewal of key critical positions.
• Received updates on the succession planning and development of senior critical roles and talents of 
the Group.
• Received updates on Human Resources (“HR”) Department’s focus for FY2023.
• Reviewed the progress update on roll-out of PVMV including initiatives for building up the desired 
culture.
• Reviewed the trainings attended by Directors and provide guidance on focus areas for development.
214
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 217 ----
Topic Activity and Outcome
Remuneration
Matters
• Reviewed and recommended the NEDs’ Fees and Benefits for shareholders’ approval at the 50th AGM.
• Reviewed and approved the revisions to the salary and benefits of the Group’s employees.
• Reviewed and approved the 3-year scorecard targets and framework for long-term variable 
compensation for GMD and key Senior Management. 
• Reviewed Senior Management’s End-of-Contract Gratuity.
• Reviewed and approved salary increments for FY2023 and bonus payout for FY2022, for Group’s 
employees.
The Board received updates on all matters discussed at the NRC meetings as set out in the NRC Report 
on pages 225 and 226.
BOARD COMPOSITION
During the financial year under review, the composition of the Board exceeded the requirements of Paragraph 15.02 of the Listin g 
Requirements of Bursa Securities as more than one-third of its members are Independent NEDs. This composition enables an 
objective and effective check and balance on the Board’s deliberation and decision-making. 
For Sime Darby Property, the Board’s current size of eleven (11) members ensures that the purpose, involvement, participation, 
harmony and sense of responsibility of the Directors are not jeopardised and that it achieves the correct balance to realise th e 
Company’s strategic objectives.
The current Board’s composition is diverse in terms of age, gender and a blend of skills, experience and knowledge enabling it to 
provide effective oversight, strategic guidance and constructive challenge to the GMD and Management. This is to ensure diversity 
and inclusiveness of views as well as to facilitate effective decision-making and constructive deliberation at its meetings.
The Directors are selected based on their individual merits and experience. This collective mix and diversity adds value to Boa rd 
processes and decisions. The current Board composition comprises individuals of diverse backgrounds with the relevant and right  
mix of knowledge, experience, skills and expertise. 
The tenure of all Independent NEDs do not exceed a term limit of twelve (12) years in line with the requirement of the enhanced  
Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities announced on 19 January 2022. As at the date of this Statement, none of the Independent 
NEDs has served the Board for more than nine (9) years pursuant to Sime Darby Property’s Board Charter and in compliance with 
Practice 5.3 of the MCCG. 
The Board reviews annually the declarations made by Directors on the number and nature of their external directorships, as well  
as their assurances on time commitment, to ensure that they are able to effectively continue discharging their duties and 
responsibilities.
Details of Directors’ external directorships are set out in their respective profiles on pages 188 to 199 of this Integrated Report 2023. 
215Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 218 ----
DIVISION OF RESPONSIBILITIES AND ROLES OF THE DIRECTORS AND THEIR COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS
The Board is responsible for the overall conduct of Sime Darby Property’s business, including its long-term success, setting of  
values, standards and strategic objectives, reviewing the performance and ensuring effective communication with shareholders.
CHAIRMAN
• Responsible for providing appropriate leadership to the Board and Group to ensure its smooth functioning and the fulfilment 
of obligations to the Group.
• Leads the Board in setting the values and ethical standards of the Group, instilling good corporate governance practices, 
leadership and effectiveness of the Board.
• Conducts meetings of the Board and shareholders, and ensures that they are properly briefed at their respective meetings 
with sufficient time allowed for discussion on complex or contentious issues and where appropriate, arranges informal 
meetings beforehand to enable thorough preparation so that ultimately, decisions can be made on a sound and well-informed 
basis.
• Provides leadership for the Board so that the Board can perform its responsibilities effectively.
• Ensures effective communication with shareholders and relevant stakeholders and taking appropriate steps to do so.
• Leads the Board in setting the Group’s key policies and direction.
• Acts as spokesperson for the Board, thereby becoming its public face. 
• The Chairman is not Chairman of any of the Board Committees. 
• The roles of the Chairman and GMD are separated, consistent with the principle of good corporate governance to promote 
accountability and facilitate division of responsibilities between them.
• Facilitates meetings of the Board and ensures that no Board member, whether executive or non-executive, dominates the 
discussion, and that healthy debate takes place.
GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR
• Responsible for the overall management of the Group, ensuring that strategies, policies and matters set by the Board are 
effectively implemented in line with the Board’s direction.
• Fosters an organisational culture that is aligned with the Group’s corporate values.
• Serves as the conduit between the Board and Management in ensuring the success of the Group’s governance and management 
functions.
• Regularly reviews the performance of the Heads of Divisions and Departments who are responsible for all functions 
contributing to the success of the Group.
• Develops and implements the Group’s long-term strategy and vision leading to the creation of long-term profitability and 
stakeholder value.
• Keeps the Board fully informed on all important aspects of the Group’s operations and ensures that sufficient and adequate 
information is provided to the Board members.
• Promotes a corporate culture entrenched in core ethical values of individuals as well as collective responsibility, integrity and 
accountability and implements the Group’s corporate social responsibilities.
• Ensures the day-to-day business affairs of the Company are effectively managed.
• Recommends suitable management structure and operating authority levels.
SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
• Designated contact to whom concerns pertaining to the Group may be conveyed to by shareholders and other stakeholders.
• Chairs meetings of the Board and shareholders in the absence of the Chairman.
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
• Ensure that business and investment proposals presented by Management, key transactions or critical decisions are fully 
deliberated, examined and decided on by the Board in a meeting.
• Play a key role by providing unbiased, unfettered and independent views, advice and judgment, which take into account the 
interests of the Group and all its stakeholders including shareholders, employees, customers, business associates and the 
community as a whole, regardless of their independent status.
216
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 219 ----
All Directors have demonstrated that they are able to allocate sufficient time to the Company in discharging their duties and 
responsibilities, and their commitment has been affirmed by their attendance at the meetings held in FY2023, as reflected below :
NUMBER OF MEETINGS
AGM EGM BOARD AC NRC RMC BTC BSC
CHAIRMAN
Dato’ Rizal Rickman Ramli 1/1 1/1 6/6 – – – – –
GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR
Dato’ Azmir Merican (1) 1/1 1/1 6/6 6/6 9/9 4/5 5/5 5/5
SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR (“SID”)
Dato’ Soam Heng Choon  (2) 1/1 1/1 6/6 – 10/10 5/5 5/5 –
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
INDEPENDENT
Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan 1/1 1/1 6/6 6/6 10/10 – – 5/5
Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali 1/1 1/1 6/6 6/6 10/10 – – 4/5
Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla (3) 1/1 1/1 6/6 6/6 – 5/5 4/4 –
Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin 1/1 1/1 6/6 – 10/10 – – 4/5
Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin 1/1 1/1 6/6 – – 5/5 – 5/5
NON-INDEPENDENT
YAM Tengku Datuk Seri Ahmad Shah Alhaj ibni 
Almarhum Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Alhaj
1/1 1/1 6/6 – – 5/5 5/5 –
Tan Sri Jaganath Derek Steven Sabapathy  (4) 1/1 1/1 6/6 6/6 – 5/5 5/5 –
Nur Farahbi Shaari (5) –– 1 / 1 –––– 1 / 1
ALTERNATE DIRECTOR
Khalid Mohammed Noor (6) –– 1 / 1 –––– 1 / 1
Note:
(1) A permanent invitee of Board Committee meetings. 
(2)  Redesignated to SID effective 23 March 2023.
(3)  Appointed as BTC member effective 1 March 2023.
(4)  Redesignated to Non-Independent NED effective 23 March 2023.
(5)  Appointed as Non-Independent Director and BSC Member on 1 September 2023.
(6)  Appointed as Alternate to Nur Farahbi Shaari on 1 September 2023. He is an invitee of Board and BSC meetings.
217Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 220 ----
DISCHARGING BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES 
The Board safeguards stakeholder value-creation. The Board 
ensures that the strategic plan of the Company supports long-
term value creation and includes strategies on economic and 
ESG considerations thereby strengthening the integration of 
sustainability in the Company’s operations. Through sustainable 
practices, the Company becomes more resilient, is able to 
create durable and sustainable value and maintains 
simultaneously, the confidence of its stakeholders.
In fostering a strong corporate governance culture, the Board 
strives for the highest standard of corporate governance 
practices. The Chairman leads the Board by setting the tone at 
the top and managing the Board’s effectiveness by focusing on 
strategy, governance and compliance. Together with 
Management, the Board ensures ethical leadership, prudent 
and professional behaviour in the conduct of its business and in 
all aspects of its operations. 
The positions of the Chairman and the GMD are held by 
different individuals with clear and distinct roles formally 
documented in the Board Charter.
Prudent and effective controls enable the Board to assess and 
manage emerging risks and opportunities continuously, to 
ensure long-term sustainable development and growth. 
The presence of NEDs on the Board ensures that no individual 
or small group of Directors are able to dominate the decision-
making process and that the interests of shareholders are 
protected. The Board considers each Independent NED to be 
independent in character and judgement. 
The current composition of Directors has a blend of skills, 
experience and knowledge enabling them to provide effective 
oversight, strategic guidance and constructive challenge, 
examine, review and decide on Management’s proposals 
and empower the GMD to implement strategies approved by 
the Board.
In delegating its authority to Board Committees, the Board 
does not abdicate its responsibility and ensures that its 
delegation does not hinder or reduce its ability to discharge its 
functions. In this regard, the Board clearly sets out the division 
of responsibilities in the respective TORs. 
GROUP COMPANY SECRETARY
The Group Company Secretary of Sime Darby Property is 
qualified to act as the company secretary under Section 235 of 
the CA 2016. Her profile is stated on page 204 of the Integrated 
Report.
The Group Company Secretary’s roles and responsibilities are 
clearly specified in the Board Charter and outlined in the CG 
Report under Practice 1.5. Based on the findings of the BEE 
conducted for the financial year under review, the Board is 
satisfied with the performance of the Group Company 
Secretary, who has provided effective support to the Board in 
discharging its responsibilities in FY2023. 
DIVISION OF RESPONSIBILITIES
There is a clear division between the executive and non-
executive responsibilities, which ensures accountability and 
oversight. During the financial year under review, the NEDs held 
at least one discussion without the presence of the Executive 
Director and Management via various platforms. The roles of 
Chairman, GMD and SID are clearly defined, set out in writing 
and regularly reviewed by the Board and are available on the 
Group’s website under the Corporate Governance section.
RESPONSIBILITY AND DELEGATION
The Board meets at least once every quarter in a financial year. 
Meeting dates are scheduled in advance (before the 
commencement of each calendar year) to enable the Directors 
to plan their schedules ahead. Directors are expected to 
allocate sufficient time to perform their responsibilities 
effectively, including adequate time to prepare for Board 
meetings.
Key decisions are made at Board meetings while Directors’ 
Written Resolutions are confined to administrative matters or 
to formalise matters that have been deliberated at Board 
meetings. All Directors’ Written Resolutions are supported with 
sufficient information to enable the Directors to make informed 
decisions. Directors’ Written Resolutions passed by the Board 
are tabled at the next Board meeting for notation.
Board meetings are convened immediately following the 
finalisation of the Group’s quarterly and annual results for 
the Board’s review and approval prior to announcement to 
Bursa Securities.
218
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 221 ----
Comprehensive Board papers comprising objectives, background 
issues, implications of risks, and other relevant information are 
prepared to enable the Board to make informed and effective 
decisions.
The robust and vigorous deliberations at Board and Board 
Committee meetings provide opportunities for all Directors to 
participate and contribute to the decision-making process as 
well as to ensure that constructive and healthy dialogues are 
satisfactorily achieved.
Relevant members of Senior Management and external advisers 
may be invited to attend Board meetings to report and advise 
the Board when matters under their purview are being 
considered or as otherwise requested by the Board, to enable 
informed decision-making. In the event a Director is unable to 
attend a meeting, his/her views are sought in advance and put 
to the meeting to facilitate a comprehensive discussion. This 
means that each Director makes himself/herself available to 
other fellow Directors and is able to contribute to all major 
decisions before the Board.
The Board is satisfied that each Director is committed and has 
devoted sufficient time to effectively discharge his/her 
responsibilities, although some Directors hold multiple 
directorships. This is evident from the Directors’ high record  
of attendance for meetings as well as active participation  
at meetings.
In compliance with Paragraph 15.06(1) of the Listing 
Requirements, each member of the Board holds not more than 
five (5) directorships in public listed companies. During the 
financial year under review, the Directors notified the Group 
Company Secretary as and when they resigned/retired from 
other boards, which were updated to the Board accordingly.
During the financial year under review, the Board met six (6) 
times, four (4) of which were scheduled meetings. All Board 
Committee meetings were conducted separately from  
the Board meeting to enable objective and independent 
discussion during the meeting. Most Board meetings were held 
in hybrid mode with majority of the Directors attending in 
person throughout the year. All Directors achieved more than 
80% rate of attendance of Board and Board Committee 
meetings held in 2023, which is above the minimum 
requirements on attendance of at least 50% at Board meetings 
pursuant to Paragraph 15.05(3)(c) of the Listing Requirements.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION AND ADVICE 
Presentations to the Board are prepared and delivered in a 
manner that ensures a clear and adequate understanding of the 
subject matter. If there are any urgent matters or additional 
documents that are sent at least three (3) business days before 
the meeting, the Management will take the Board through the 
documents for a more detailed explanation during discussions 
at the meeting. 
The agenda and meeting papers relevant to the business of the 
meeting are distributed to the Board and Board Committees at 
least several days from the date of the meeting via secured 
collaborative software. The software eases the process of 
distribution of meeting papers, minimises the risk of leakage of 
sensitive and confidential information, and enables the 
Directors’ access to the proposal papers electronically. 
The Minutes of Board and Board Committee meetings accurately 
reflect the deliberations and decisions of the meetings, 
including any dissenting views and if any Director/Member had 
abstained from voting or deliberating on a particular matter.
219Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 222 ----
DIRECTORS’ INDEMNITY
MANAGEMENT COMMITTEES
High-level Management Committees are in place to assist the Board in the day-to-day management of the Group.
The Management Committees of which the GMD is the Chairman, are as follows:
GROUP MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The Group Management Committee (“GMC”) has overall responsibility for management policies, day-to-day operations of the 
Group, the deployment and implementation of Board resolutions and oversees the achievement of objectives and results.
The current members of the GMC include the Senior Management team. Heads of Departments and Business Units will be 
invited to attend meetings of the GMC. 
The Group Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the meetings of the GMC.
The GMC met two (2) times during the FY2023.
GOVERNANCE OVERSIGHT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE GROUP TENDER COMMITTEE
Management established a Governance Oversight 
Management Committee (“GOMC”) to drive, manage and 
monitor the implementation of the Governance, Risk and 
Compliance Framework within the Group.
The GOMC met four (4) times during the FY2023.
The Group Tender Committee (“GTC”) reviews Tender 
Evaluation Reports/Single Source Appointment for tenders 
with a value of between RM5 million to RM50 million.
The GTC met sixteen (16) times during the FY2023.
GROUP INVESTMENT COMMITTEE MANAGEMENT SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
The Group Investment Committee (“GIC”) reviews and 
recommends major investment and capital expenditure 
proposals for tabling to the Board in accordance with the 
GPAs.
The GIC met twelve (12) times during FY2023.
The Management Sustainability Committee (“MSC”) assists 
the Board and the BSC in ensuring the integration of 
sustainability considerations into the Group’s corporate 
strategy, priorities and targets, governance and decision-
making, in line with Sime Darby Property’s PVMV. The MSC 
also ensures the implementation of the Company’s 
Sustainability Policy and material issues pertaining to ESG 
and monitors the execution of the Sustainability Strategy.
The MSC met four (4) times during the FY2023.
220
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 223 ----
PROMOTING GOOD BUSINESS CONDUCT
The Board commits to ethical business and lawful conduct, 
including proper use of authority and appropriate decorum 
when acting as Board members. 
All Board members discharge their duties and responsibilities 
at all times as fiduciaries in the best interest of the Company. 
They act with integrity, lead by example, and keep abreast of 
their responsibilities as Directors and of the conduct, business 
and development of the Company.
In directing or managing the Company’s business and affairs, 
they exercise reasonable care, skill and diligence by applying 
their knowledge, skill and experience.
The Board ensures that key transactions or critical decisions are 
deliberated and decided on by the Board in a meeting. The 
Board also ensures that decisions and the basis for those 
decisions, including any dissenting views are made known and 
properly minuted.
The Board has put in place a suite of Group policies for 
implementation and compliance throughout the Group. The 
Group policies covers various areas such as Ethics and Conduct, 
Protection of Group Assets, conduct of key functions and 
processes of the Group and Limits of Authorities addressing 
various key transactions of the Group. 
BOARD DIVERSITY
In managing the diversity of the Board, the Board is guided by 
the Board Composition Policy and Framework in ensuring that 
the mix and profiles of its members provide the necessary 
range of perspectives, experience and expertise required to 
achieve effective stewardship and management of Sime Darby 
Property.
The Directors bring with them years of experience in managing 
sustainable business growth and collectively represent a strong 
and capable leadership that supports effective decision-
making. In today’s rapidly transforming and challenging 
business environment, diversity and inclusivity are important to 
ensure Sime Darby Property remains relevant, resilient and 
sustainable.
The Board believes that a truly diverse and inclusive Board will 
not only be able to leverage the differences in perspectives, 
industry experience, knowledge and skill, it will also help the 
Group retain its competitive industry edge.
In this regard, the Board through the NRC conducts an annual 
review of its size and composition, to determine if the Board 
has the right size and adequate diversity that fit the Company’s 
objectives and strategic goals, as well as to assess qualified 
candidates to occupy Board positions.
For gender diversity, the Board appreciates the benefits of 
having gender diversity in the boardroom as a mixed gendered 
Board would offer different viewpoints, ideas and market 
insights. The Board has four (4) women Directors, which 
constitutes 36% of the Board’s composition. This is in line 
Practice 5.9 of the MCCG.
While it is important to promote diversity, Directors are 
selected based on various factors, i.e. an effective blend of 
skills, competencies, experience and knowledge of the industry 
or other identified areas in order to carry out effective Board 
functions and duties.
To ensure that there is a healthy talent pipeline, the Board 
Diversity Policy also includes policies on the participation of 
women in decision-making/Senior Management positions 
within the Group. 
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITMENT
At Sime Darby Property, embedding sustainability is a business 
imperative and plays a major role in formulating the Group’s 
business plans and activities. This approach helps the Group 
operate beyond financial profitability by balancing ESG 
considerations in making sound and sustainable business 
decisions. The Company also drives sustainability practices 
across its supply chain, the environment and the wider 
community. 
The Sustainability Governance Framework outlines the Group’s 
cumulative effort to better respond to changing stakeholder 
concerns and market conditions and is continuously reviewed. 
The Sustainability Governance Framework draws guidance from 
Bursa Securities’ Listing Requirements and Global Reporting 
Initiative (“GRI”) standards as well as the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals 2030 (“UN SDG”). 
The Group has remained steadfast in driving progressive action 
and being the leading voice in upholding sustainability at the 
core of the real estate sector (with the transformation from a 
pure-play property developer into a real estate company).
221Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 224 ----
At Sime Darby Property, sustainability is about investing for 
the long-term growth and future of the organisation and 
stakeholders and ensuring that Sime Darby Property leaves 
positive and lasting impacts on the economy, people and 
planet. The approach to sustainability has been institutionalised 
since the Group started the journey more than 10 years ago, 
and efforts are still being made to include ESG practices or 
concerns into businesses and operations as part of the larger 
sustainability journey. 
Accordingly, Sime Darby Property’s commitment extends 
beyond property development, as the organisation moves to 
foster the growth of resilient communities.
The Sustainability Statement for 2023 can be found on pages 
172 to 185 of this Integrated Report 2023. The Statement 
conveys the Group’s progress toward its goals and targets on a 
variety of sustainability parameters, including ESG metrics, as 
well as risks and impacts the Group may face, at the moment or 
in the future.
In line with the Group’s commitment to the sustainability 
agenda, the Board takes into account how Directors and 
Management have performed in their respective roles in 
addressing material sustainability risks and opportunities. For 
Management, sustainability related performance indicators are 
set, and the progress of various initiatives and plans are 
regularly monitored by the Board.
DIRECTORS’ INDEPENDENCE
The Independent NEDs play a significant role in bringing 
objectivity and scrutiny to the Board’s deliberations and 
decision-making. Their roles are also particularly critical for 
related party transactions as these require independence of 
judgement and objective impartiality to safeguard the interests 
of minority shareholders.
Decision-making on key issues regarding the Company are 
deliberated by the Directors. Board decisions are made taking 
into account the views of the Independent NEDs, which carry 
substantial weight. Independent NEDs fulfil their roles by 
ensuring that strategies proposed by Management are discussed 
and examined as well as ensuring that the interest of 
stakeholders of the Company are safeguarded. 
It is crucial for the Board to assess the independence of its 
Independent NEDs. This is undertaken annually with reference 
to the key criteria developed by the NRC and the Listing 
Requirements, which include independence from Management 
and the absence of any business relationship, which could 
materially interfere with or be perceived to materially interfere 
with the Independent NED’s judgement.
All Directors, regardless of their independent status, are 
required to act in the best interests of Sime Darby Property and 
to exercise unfettered and independent judgement. Evidently, 
Directors scrutinise and constructively challenge the 
performance of management in the execution of the Group’s 
strategies and plan, where necessary.
The Board performed an internal assessment on the 
independence of the Independent NEDs in office for the 
financial year under review. Each Independent NED Director 
also provided his/her declaration of independence to Sime 
Darby Property in compliance with the criteria set out in the 
Listing Requirements. The Board concluded that each 
Independent NED has met the independence criteria as set out 
in the Listing Requirements. The Board was generally satisfied 
that each Independent NED remained independent in character 
and judgement and was free from any relationship or 
circumstance, which were likely to affect or could appear to 
affect his/her judgement. The Board further concurred that 
their continuous contributions are beneficial to the Board and 
Sime Darby Property Group as a whole. 
STRENGTHENING INTEGRITY AND ETHICS
The Board acknowledges its role in establishing a corporate 
culture with uncompromising ethical conduct. In line with this 
principle, the Group has in place the COBC and following 
policies to ensure the conduct of business of the Group and the 
employees, as well as the Group’s vendors and counterparties, 
are consistently carried out ethically and with integrity.
No Gift Policy
The No Gift Policy demonstrates the Group’s commitment to 
the highest standards of integrity and good governance in the 
conduct of its business.
222
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 225 ----
With this commitment the Group has imposed a ‘No Gift 
Policy’, which prohibits the offering, giving, soliciting or 
accepting directly or indirectly, any form of gifts to avoid 
conflict of interest or the appearance of conflict of interest in 
any ongoing or potential business dealings.
Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Anti-Money Laundering, 
Conflict of Interest, Sponsorship and Donation, Gift, 
Entertainment and Travel Policy
The Group adopts a zero-tolerance stance against all forms of 
bribery and corruption and will not tolerate any acts which are 
in breach of Sime Darby Property’s policies.
As part of the Group’s efforts to support the implementation of 
the anti-bribery and corruption and ethical principles articulated 
in the Group’s COBC and to uphold the highest standards of 
good governance, the Board has adopted the following policies:
• Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, which covers facilitation 
payment.
• Gift, Travel and Entertainment Policy.
• Conflict of Interest Policy.
• Anti-Money Laundering Policy.
• Sponsorship and Donation Policy, including political 
contribution.
• Anti-Bribery Management System Manual (“ABMS”) guided 
by and designed to reflect the requirements of ISO37001: 
2016 Anti-Bribery Management System.
The employees of the Group are required to confirm their 
understanding and compliance with the Group’s Ethical policies 
via the Group’s Annual Integrity and Compliance Pledge. The 
Annual Integrity and Compliance Pledge reaffirm the Group’s 
zero-tolerance stance against all forms of bribery and corruption 
where employees are prohibited from committing or directing 
or instructing any form of bribery and corruption, which 
benefited them or the Group directly or indirectly.
Various engagement activities continue to be conducted to 
spread awareness of the policies and address any concerns. 
Vendor COBC 
The Vendor COBC and Vendor Integrity Pledge (“VIP”) sets out 
the expected standard of behaviours of the vendors and 
counterparties, covering compliance requirements, governance 
and management systems, ethical practices, protection of 
assets and information, environmental protection and 
employment practice. It is a step up and improvement to the 
previous practices, which required vendors and counterparties 
to comply with the employee’s COBC and Vendor’s Letter of 
Declaration.
The VIP includes compliance with Anti-Bribery & Corruption 
requirements and the following:
• The Vendor COBC.
• Applicable laws and regulations relating to anti-money 
laundering, anti-terrorism financing and fraud.
• Vendor’s commitment to have similar values and conduct  
in their own COBC, if any, and to complete with their  
own code.
Whistleblowing Policy
The Group’s Whistleblowing Policy (“WP”) provides a transparent 
mechanism and avenue for all stakeholders to report or raise 
genuine concerns on any misconduct without fear of retaliation 
and intimidation.
Confidentiality and anonymity are assured to stakeholders who 
disclose their concerns in good faith and in doing so, had 
followed the appropriate disclosure procedures, accordingly. 
The WP sets a clear procedural guide for stakeholders to follow 
in raising their concerns to ensure that issues are addressed in 
respect of the appropriate personnel and definitive action can 
be taken.
Gift, Entertainment and Travel Policy
The Gift, Entertainment and Travel Policy is intended to enable 
the Directors, Management and employees to be able to provide 
business hospitality that is appropriate and do not create any 
appearance of unfair advantage/benefit or impropriety or 
misconstrued or perceived to be a bribe or gratification. 
Corporate Liability
The Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission Act 2009 (“MACC 
Act 2009”) has been amended to include a corporate liability 
provision that imposes liability on a commercial organisation 
for corruption committed by persons associated with the 
organisation to obtain a business advantage. Taking cognisance 
of the enforced provision which came into effect on 1 June 
2020, Sime Darby Property has taken proactive actions to 
ensure that it has adequate procedures in place designed to 
prevent associated persons from undertaking conduct that 
would be in breach of Section 17A of the MACC Act 2009.
223Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 226 ----
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
KEY ROLES OF THE NRC
In compliance with the requirement of Paragraph 15.08A(1) of 
the Listing Requirements, the NRC comprises exclusively NEDs, 
all of whom are Independent NEDs. The NRC is chaired by an 
Independent NED, which is consistent with Practice 5.8 of 
the MCCG.
The NRC’s role, amongst others, is to assist the Board in 
fulfilling its responsibilities with regard to the appropriate size 
and balance of the Board and Board Committees, the required 
mix of skills, experience, knowledge, diversity and other 
qualities, including core competencies which NEDs should 
bring to the Board and respective Board Committees. All of 
these considerations, in the Board’s view, facilitate effective 
governance and decision-making.
In discharging this role, the NRC ensures that there is a formal 
and appropriate procedure for the appointment of new 
Directors to the Board and is responsible for making 
recommendations to the Board. 
Additionally, the NRC determines and makes recommendations 
to the Board on Sime Darby Property’s framework and policy 
for the remuneration of the NEDs, the GMD and key critical 
positions in the Sime Darby Property Group. The participation 
of women in Senior Management is also reviewed to ensure a 
sustainable talent pipeline.
The NRC is also responsible for developing plans to identify the 
necessary and desired competencies and skills of Directors and 
succession plans to ensure that there are appropriate dynamics 
of experience, diversity and expertise on the Board. The Board 
has put in place succession planning principles to ensure there 
is orderly identification for selection of new NEDs in the event 
of an opening on the Board and successors to Committee 
Chairs from amongst the existing NEDs. The Board via the NRC 
also oversees the appointment and succession planning of the 
critical positions in the Group with a focus on human capital 
development.
The NRC plays a crucial role in reviewing the Key Performance 
Indicator (“KPI”) framework in depth by providing constructive 
inputs in ensuring that the metrics used effectively align with 
the Group’s strategic objectives and reflect its values. The NRC 
reviews and assesses the relevance, accuracy and appropriateness 
of the KPIs.
TERMS OF REFERENCE
The NRC is governed by clearly defined and documented TOR. 
The TOR of the NRC, which was last revised in August 2023 is 
consistent with the Listing Requirements and the MCCG. For 
the financial year under review, all the requirements under the 
TOR have been complied with. The TOR is assessed, reviewed 
and updated, as the need arises, to ensure that the terms 
remain relevant, up-to-date and in conformity with the various 
changes in regulations. 
For more information on the TOR of the NRC, please refer to 
the Group’s website at www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-
are/corporate-governance.
The NRC is pleased to present its report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 in compliance with Paragraph 
15.08A (3) of the Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities and the MCCG. 
This report provides shareholders with valuable insights into the activities of the NRC during the financial year under 
review and how the NRC plays a key oversight role for the Board. 
“ “
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
224
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 227 ----
OVERVIEW OF ACTIVITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR UNDER REVIEW
During the financial year under review, the NRC carried out among others, the following key activities in discharging its funct ions, 
duties and responsibilities:
Functions Matters Considered
Nomination 1) Reviewed and assessed the performance of and made recommendations to the Board 
with regard to Directors seeking re-election at the Sime Darby Property’s 50th AGM.
2) Reviewed the overall composition of the Board and Board Committees, and Board 
succession planning. This includes recommending changes to the Board Committees, 
appointment of a Non-Independent NED on the Board and as a member of the BSC, as 
well as the appointment of her Alternate Director.
3) Reviewed the update on Succession Management and Learning & Development of Sime 
Darby Property.
4) Reviewed the progress of the People Strategy and Transformation Initiatives.
5) Reviewed the Organisational Structure of the Group and HR team.
6) Assessed and recommended to the Board the appointment/promotion/contract 
renewal of key critical positions of the Group, including GMD, Chief Operating Officer 
(“COO”) – Investment & Asset Management, Chief Marketing & Sales Officer 
(“CMSO”), Chief People Officer (“CPO”) and Chief Assurance Officer (“CAO”), 
respectively.
7)  Reviewed the updates on organisational design exercise, known as Talent-To-Value 
(“T2V”), to put in place the right organisation design to support the execution of Sime 
Darby Property’s tactical plans and delivery of SHIFT25, as well as maximise efficiency.
Remuneration 1) Reviewed and recommended to the Board the payment of Fees and Benefits to the 
NEDs for the period from 25 May 2023 until the next AGM of Sime Darby Property.
2) Reviewed and recommended to the Board the Salary Increment for FY2023 and Bonus 
Payout for FY2022 for Employees and Top Management of Sime Darby Property Group.
3) Reviewed and recommended to the Board the Performance Scorecards for Corporate/
GMD and GMD-1s for FY2023.
4) Reviewed and recommended to the Board the Performance Assessment for GMD and 
GMD-1s for the FY 31 December 2023.
5) Reviewed updates on Staff Purchase Discount for Sime Darby Property Group’s 
Products.
6) Reviewed the short-term and long-term variables compensation.
7) Reviewed and recommended to the Board the Minimum Living Wage for Sime Darby 
Property Group. 
8) Reviewed Senior Management’s End-of-Contract Gratuity.
9) Reviewed and recommended the “Sustainability” KPI for the long-term variable 
compensation of key senior management team.
225Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 228 ----
Functions Matters Considered
Governance 1) Engagement of an independent third-party external consultant to facilitate the conduct 
of the BEE and reviewed its findings.
2) Reviewed Sime Darby Property’s succession planning for senior critical roles and talent 
pool demographics. 
3) Reviewed and endorsed the disclosures in the NRC Report for the financial year under 
review for inclusion in the Annual Report 2022 to ensure that it was prepared in 
compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements and guidelines.
4) Reviewed and recommended to the Board revisions to the Fit and Proper Policy for 
Sime Darby Property Group.
5) Reviewed and assessed the fit and propriety of Board and Executives holding 
directorship in Sime Darby Property Group as per the annual fit and proper review 
exercise.
6) Reviewed the results of the 2023 Employee Engagement Survey and respective action 
plans.
7) Reviewed the progress of the PVMV, in line with Sime Darby Property’s goal to be a 
real estate company by 2025.
8) Reviewed update on Sime Darby Property’s Executives on the Board of Key Operating 
and Joint Venture Entities of Sime Darby Property Group.
9) Planned and approved the NRC Annual Outline Agenda for FY2024.
10) Reviewed the trainings attended/participated by each Director and assessed the 
training needs of the Directors.
11) Reviewed and recommended relevant and appropriate training programmes by regional 
and global training providers.
KEY FOCUS AREAS FOR FY2024
Amongst the key focus areas for the NRC in FY2024 are as follows:
1) Continuous enhancement and implementation of robust succession management and development for GMD and Senior 
Critical roles.
2) Review of NEDs Remuneration Framework. 
3) Total Rewards Benchmarking Exercise of the Group.
4) Review the implementation of organisational design (T2V) exercise.
5) Review of Board and Board Committees composition, as well as identification of potential and suitably qualified candidates 
for an Independent NED role as part of succession planning.
6) Continuously identify the Board of Directors’ training needs and organise bespoke local/global training solutions aimed at 
equipping Directors with up-to-date knowledge, skills and insights into emerging trends and challenges.
COMPOSITION, MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE
The NRC consists of four (4) members, all of whom are Independent NEDs. The NRC is chaired by an Independent NED, 
Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali. There were no changes to the composition of the NRC during the financial year under review.
The NRC meetings for the financial year under review were scheduled in advance of the financial year to facilitate the members 
and management in planning and ensuring the NRC meetings are incorporated into their respective schedules. This also serves to 
provide members with ample notice of the meetings. The attendance at all NRC meetings met the requisite quorum as stipulated 
in the NRC’s TOR. The NRC shall meet every quarter and when necessary, at such other time(s) as it deems necessary to fulfil its 
responsibilities.
The NRC met ten (10) times during the financial year under review, five (5) of which were special meetings, whilst another one (1) 
was Part 2 of the Quarter 1 FY2023 meeting to provide sufficient time for the NRC to deliberate on the agendas tabled. 
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
226
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 229 ----
The composition of the NRC and the attendance record of its members for the financial year under review are as follows:
Members Membership/Designation Appointment Attendance at Meetings
Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali Chairman/Independent NED 23 July 2018
10/10
100%
Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan Member/Independent NED 12 July 2017
10/10
100%
Dato’ Soam Heng Choon Member/Independent NED 1 July 2020
10/10
100%
Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin Member/Independent NED 1 October 2021
10/10
100%
During the financial year under review, meetings of the NRC were attended by the GMD and CPO. Other members of the Board 
and Senior Management were invited to meetings of the NRC, when necessary, to support detailed discussions and to brief and 
furnish the NRC with necessary information and clarification of relevant items on the agenda.
The Group Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the NRC.
All proceedings of the NRC are properly documented and recorded in the minutes of each meeting, including comments made by 
each member, how they have voted and pertinent observations and reservations. The minutes of the NRC meetings are circulated 
to all members for their perusal and comments well in advance and the signed minutes of each NRC meeting are properly kept by 
the Group Company Secretary. Minutes of the NRC meeting are tabled for confirmation at the next NRC meeting, following which 
extracts of the decisions are escalated to the relevant process owners for action. The Minutes are thereafter circulated to the  
Board for notation. 
The Chairman of the NRC periodically provides a report, highlighting significant points of the decisions and recommendations made 
by the NRC to the Board. The Minutes of the NRC meeting are submitted to the Board every quarter for the Board’s notation.
BOARD COMPOSITION AND DIVERSITY
The Board Composition Policy (“Policy”) of Sime Darby Property was first adopted by the Board on 26 July 2017. The Policy 
ensures that the mix and profiles of Board members in terms of age and gender provide the necessary range of perspectives, 
experience and expertise required to achieve effective stewardship and management. 
The Board believes that a truly diverse and inclusive Board will leverage on differences in thought, perspective and knowledge,  
skill, industry experience and geographical background, age and gender, all of which will ensure that Sime Darby Property retai ns 
its competitive industry advantage.
The Board’s status of compliance with the Policy is set out below:
1) Gender Diversity
As of the date of this report, Sime Darby Property has on its Board four (4) women Directors, namely Datin Norazah Mohamed 
Razali, Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin, Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin and Nur Farahbi Shaari, constituting 36% of the Board’s composition. 
This is also in line with Practice 5.9 of the MCCG.
2) Age Diversity
The Board is committed to working towards having a generationally-diverse Board to have a balance between maturity and 
experience as well as a greater level of flexibility and adaptability to reinvigorate Sime Darby Property. Age diversity within  
the Board can enable the Board to better understand the needs of diverse customers, employees and investors. A Board that 
is diverse according to many intersecting criteria is likely to be stronger than a mostly homogenous Board.
227Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 230 ----
3) Ethnic Diversity
The Board will work towards diversifying the ethnic 
composition of the Board as and when vacancies arise 
where suitable candidates are identified. Currently, the 
Board comprises 73% Malay, 18% Chinese and 9% Indian.
4) Independence of Directors
The Board believes that a Board comprising a majority of 
Independent Directors allows for more effective oversight 
of Management. Their role broadly includes improving the 
corporate credibility and governance standards of Sime 
Darby Property, functioning as a watchdog, playing a vital 
role in risk management and as active members of 
Committees set up by the Board to ensure good governance.
Currently, six (6) out of eleven (11) Directors of Sime Darby 
Property are Independent NEDs. None of the six (6) 
Directors has served on the Board for more than nine (9) 
years.
The NRC is responsible for the implementation of the Policy 
and for monitoring progress towards the achievement of the 
Board’s objectives.
FIT AND PROPER POLICY
Pursuant to Paragraph 15.01A of the Listing Requirements, a 
listed issuer must have a fit and proper policy for the 
appointment and re-election of directors of the listed issuer 
and its subsidiaries, ensure the policy addresses board quality 
and integrity and will aid the listed issuer to comply with 
paragraph 2.20A of the Listing Requirements, and to make 
available the policy on its website.
The NRC had reviewed the proposed revisions to the Fit and 
Proper Policy for Sime Darby Property at its meeting in August 
2023 and recommended it to the Board for approval to provide 
better clarity on the application of the policy and assessment 
of representatives appointed in the joint venture companies of 
the Group. 
As part of the process, all Directors of the Group are required 
to complete the Fit and Proper Declaration annually. For 
FY2023, the Board and NRC are satisfied that each of the 
Directors had met the required standards of fitness and 
propriety. As of the date of this report, the appointed Company 
Secretaries of Sime Darby Property Group are also subject to 
the annual fit and proper assessment.
BOARD APPOINTMENT PROCESS
Sime Darby Property practices a formal and transparent Board 
Appointment Process for the sourcing, selection, nomination 
and appointment of new directors. The NRC considers the gaps 
in the Board’s composition and requirements before sourcing, 
screening and conducting the initial selection of potential 
candidates. The NRC is responsible for assessing a potential 
candidate for a proposed directorship on the Board of Sime 
Darby Property and submitting its recommendation to the 
Board for decision. 
The NRC primarily considers the candidates’ suitability and 
diversity of skills, specialist knowledge, competencies, 
experience, age, gender, culture, ethnicity and perceived 
ability of the candidates to work cohesively with other members 
of the Board, among many other factors. 
To ensure a candidate has the character, experience, integrity 
and competency to effectively discharge his/her role as a 
director, the NRC assesses the candidates on the following 
criteria:
1) Satisfies and met the required standard of fitness and 
propriety.
2) Not to have any competing time commitments that impair 
his/her ability to discharge his/her duties effectively.
3) Number of directorships in companies outside the Group, 
including boards of non-listed companies.
4) Not be an active politician.
5) Specialist knowledge or technical skills in line with the 
strategic direction of the Group. 
6) No former audit partner of the Company, if the candidate 
is considered for appointment as an AC member, a cooling-
off period of at least three (3) years must be observed. 
In its selection of suitable candidates, the NRC adheres to the 
guidelines stipulated in the Board selection criteria set out in 
the Board Appointment Process. 
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
228
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 231 ----
The process flow for the appointment of a Director is as 
follows:
The Group Company Secretary ensures that all appointments 
adhere to the governance process and that all necessary 
information is obtained from the Director, both for the Group’s 
records and for the purposes of meeting statutory obligations 
as well as obligations arising from the Listing Requirements.
During the financial year under review, the NRC reviewed the 
composition of the Board and Board Committees taking into 
consideration the mix of skills, competencies, industry 
experience, integrity, personal attributes and time commitment 
required of a Director to effectively fulfil his or her role as a 
Director and Chairman/Member of the respective Board 
Committees. This included reference to the Guiding Principles 
of Board Committee Composition established since 2020 and 
updated in August 2023, as well as succession planning to 
ensure a smooth transition in the Board’s succession process as 
existing Directors leave the Board and new ones come on 
board. The NRC will continue to leverage on various sources, 
such as referrals from existing Directors, other leadership 
development and consulting organisations to identify potential 
candidates for nomination as Directors.
Since the last Annual Report, the Board had, upon the 
recommendation of the NRC, approved the appointment of  
Nur Farahbi Shaari as a Non-Independent NED and her 
Alternate, Khalid Mohammed Noor on the Board of Sime Darby 
Property effective from 1 September 2023. Nur Farahbi Shaari 
was also appointed as a Member of the BSC on the same date. 
The NRC have considered her background, experience and 
expertise (mainly in strategic investment), and was of the view 
that she would be able to contribute to the Board as a Director 
by providing strategic oversight to spur the Company forward 
to meet future challenges, as highlighted in the 2022 BEE 
findings. 
On the element of size and composition of the Board, based on 
the 2023 BEE results, the NRC had ensured that the Board of 
Sime Darby Property had a balanced and the right mix in 
relation to skills, expertise and experience. Based on the 
current composition of the Board, there are two (2) NEDs who 
have prior working experience in the property development 
industry. The NRC will regularly review the Board and Board 
Committees’ compositions and ensure their continuing 
effectiveness throughout the year, as well as keeping track of 
future competency requirements.
RETIREMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The NRC is responsible for recommending to the Board, 
Directors who are retiring and standing for re-election at the 
AGM pursuant to and in accordance with the Constitution. 
Pursuant to Rule 111 of the Constitution, at least one-third 
(1/3) of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office 
at each AGM. Rule 112 of the Constitution states that all 
Directors shall retire from office once at least in each three (3) 
years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election. 
CONTINUOUS TRAINING AND  
ANNUAL PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT
ANNOUNCEMENT TO BURSA SECURITIES
INDUCTION
SIME DARBY PROPERTY BOARD APPROVAL 
SUBJECT TO CANDIDATE FULFILLING THE FIT AND 
PROPER ASSESSMENT AND COMPLETING OTHER 
STATUTORY DECLARATIONS
DELIBERATION BY THE NRC ON THE SUITABILITY  
OF THE CANDIDATE
INTERVIEW SHORTLISTED CANDIDATES
ASSESS AND SHORTLIST THE POTENTIAL CANDIDATES 
WITH CONSULTATION WITH THE NRC
SEARCH FOR CANDIDATES
THE NRC DEVELOPS AND DELIBERATES ON THE 
SELECTION CRITERIA COMBINING COMPETENCIES  
AND ATTRIBUTES REQUIRED
CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO THE 
APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTOR
229Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 232 ----
The Directors’ rotation list is presented to the NRC for endorsement prior to recommendation to the Board. Subsequently, the 
retiring Directors standing for re-election would be recommended to the shareholders for approval. The Board recognises 
Directors’ performance as a basis for recommending their re-election to the shareholders. This, in turn, is determined through their 
annual evaluation and independence assessment, which are assessed by the NRC before any recommendation is made to the Board 
for deliberation and approval. The affected Directors are required to give their consent on their re-election prior to the convening 
of the AGM. 
In assessing the retiring Directors, the NRC takes into consideration the following: 
1) Performance and contribution based on the 2023 BEE results.
2) Level of contribution to the Board deliberations through his/her skills, experience and strength in qualities as well as thei r 
effective leadership as chairperson of the Board.
3) Level of independence demonstrated by the Independent Director and the ability to act in the best interests of Sime Darby 
Property in decision-making.
4) Character, integrity, experience and competence, as well as fit and properness in discharging their role effectively. Each 
Director has signed an annual Fit and Proper declaration.
5) Ability to commit and devote adequate time to fulfil their responsibilities effectively.
Based on the aforesaid assessment, the Board approved and the NRC recommended that the Directors who are seeking re-election 
at the 51st AGM of Sime Darby Property have satisfied and met the performance criteria required of an effective and high-
performance Board and the Board’s expectations by continuously discharging their duties diligently as Directors of Sime Darby 
Property. 
The Directors who would be retiring pursuant to Rules 92.3 and 111 of the Constitution of Sime Darby Property at the 51st AGM 
are as follows: 
Rule 92.3 Rule 111
Nur Farahbi Shaari 1) Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan
2) Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla
3) Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin
The retiring Directors above have abstained from deliberation and decision on their eligibility to stand for re-election at the  
relevant Board/NRC meeting.
The retiring Directors have offered themselves for re-election at the 51st AGM.
ASSESSMENT OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The NRC acknowledges the role played by and the continuous contribution of the Independent NEDs in bringing independent and 
objective judgement to the Board’s deliberations. The Board assesses the independence of its Independent Directors annually with 
reference to the key criteria developed by the NRC and as set out in the Listing Requirements. The criteria include the 
independence of Management and the absence of any business or other relationship or circumstance that could materially 
interfere or could reasonably be perceived to materially interfere with the Independent NED’s judgement or affect the best 
interests of Sime Darby Property Group.
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
230
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 233 ----
The Board assessed the independence of each Independent NED in office for the financial year under review and concluded that 
they had each met all the criteria of an Independent Director set out in the Listing Requirements and requisite fit and proper 
requirements as stipulated in the CG Guide 4th Edition issued by Bursa Malaysia. The Board is generally satisfied that each 
Independent NED has remained independent in character and judgement and continues to bring sound, independent and objective 
judgement to Board deliberations. Each Independent NED is also free from relationships or circumstances which are likely to affect 
or could appear to affect his/her judgement. The Independent NEDs are also required to give their confirmation on their 
independence pursuant to the Listing Requirements vide the annual Independent Directors’ Self-Assessment Checklist.
None of the current Independent Directors have served Sime Darby Property beyond nine (9) years pursuant to Practice 5.3 of the  
MCCG. In line with the step-up practice, as recommended under Practice 5.4 of the MCCG, the Board also approved the adoption 
of the revised Board Charter and TOR of the NRC on 25 November 2021, which includes the limit on the tenure of its independent 
directors to nine (9) years without further extension.
EVALUATING THE PERFORMANCE OF DIRECTORS: BOARD EFFECTIVENESS EVALUATION (“BEE”)
The effectiveness of the Board is imperative for the current and future success of the Company and the Group. Every year since 
FY 30 June 2018, the NRC has conducted a rigorous and formal evaluation undertaken by an independent consultant to assess the 
effectiveness of the Board as a whole, the Board Committees, the performance and contribution of individual Directors and the 
Board Committee members. 
Sime Darby Property is cognisant that BEE plays a pivotal role in driving continuous improvement in Board effectiveness. It 
presents an opportunity to gain valuable shared insights into the Board’s operations and ways to improve its processes, 
relationships, and composition. 
The evaluation is also important in deciding whether a Director who is subject to re-election as a Director can be recommended to 
be re-elected at the next AGM and ensure there is continued effective oversight and delegation of responsibilities by the Board .
The NRC had since FY2021 engaged an independent consultant namely, Institute of Corporate Directors Malaysia (“ICDM”) to 
conduct and lend objectivity to the annual BEE of Sime Darby Property.
231Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 234 ----
In 2023, ICDM’s appointment was mainly to conduct the BEE exercise that would enable effective follow-up on the issues/gaps 
identified from FY2022 BEE results. The evaluation was based on online questionnaire of three (3) levels of focus (i.e. the Boa rd 
of Directors, Board Committees and Individual Directors) gathering feedback from the Directors and selected Senior 
Management which provides insights into the effectiveness of the Board based on twelve (12) key parameters of board 
oversight, including a comparison and analysis of the Board and Management ratings:
In respect of the Board Committees’ assessment, criteria for assessment include whether the Committees have:
1) Performed its duties as per its TOR;
2) The right mix of members with the relevant skills and experience; and
3) Provided useful recommendations to the Board for better decision-making. 
For Individual Assessment, each Board Members were assessed based on ICDM’s Board Competency Framework (Self vs Peer), 
which competencies were categorised in the following four (4) quadrants:
1) The capacity of an individual director;
2) The individual director with the board;
3) The individual director with the organisation; and
4) The individual director with the stakeholders.
The Individual Assessment reports were shared with the Chairmen of the Board and NRC for further follow up.
1
Board 
Leadership
7
Board & 
Management 
Relationship
2
Board Composition, 
Skills & 
Development
8
Board & 
Stakeholder 
Engagement
3
Board
Committee
9
Board & 
Sustainability 
Matters
4
Board
Governance & 
Processes
10
Board Crisis 
Management 
Responses
5
Board Agendas,
Meetings & 
Information
6
Board 
Dynamics 
& Culture
11
People & 
Culture
12
Cybersecurity 
Focus
The overall results of the FY2023 BEE in all twelve (12) parameters of Board oversight were reasonably positive, above the rati ng 
of 4.00 (out of maximum 5.00), which demonstrates that the Board is effective and performs well within the parameters. 
One of the areas of enhancement from the FY2022 BEE was to focus on the Board’s participation in initiatives that shape culture  
in the organisation. Various measures have been implemented to address this and based on the FY2023 BEE findings, the Board’s 
commitment to promoting a culture of accountability, integrity, transparency and fairness has emerged as one of the Board’s 
strengths. 
Whilst the Board was satisfied with the FY2023 BEE results that trended positively, it also identified the following areas for 
enhancement in FY2024 and would continue to focus on:
1) Governance oversight on cybersecurity and stakeholder engagement; 
2) Board and GMD succession planning; and
3) Accelerating ESG commitment and efforts and prioritising key matters. 
The NRC and Board reviewed the results of the evaluation process and recommendations in relation to targeted outcomes and 
action plans.
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
232
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 235 ----
AC PERFORMANCE REVIEW 
Pursuant to Paragraph 15.20 of the Listing Requirements, the NRC, through the BEE for the financial year under review, also 
reviewed the terms of office and performance of the AC and is satisfied that the AC as a whole and its members individually had  
discharged their functions, duties and responsibilities in accordance with the Committee’s TOR. The overall rating for the AC h as 
improved progressively from 2021.
NRC AND RMC EFFECTIVENESS AND PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Based on the BEE findings, the Board and Management are satisfied with the performance and effectiveness of the NRC and RMC, 
respectively, in providing sound advice and recommendations to the Board during the financial year under review.
BOARD INDUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
On joining the Board, it is the responsibility of the Chairman and Group Company Secretary to ensure that all newly appointed 
Directors receive a full and formal induction, which is tailored to their individual needs based on experience and background. The 
induction programme includes a comprehensive overview of the Group (ranging from legal, governance, operations and projects, 
growth strategy and financial performance of the Group) as well as guidance and training, as appropriate, are provided on Board  
governance and the duties, responsibilities and liabilities of a director of a listed company. During the financial year under review, 
two (2) onboarding sessions were organised for Nur Farahbi Shaari and Khalid Mohammed Noor on 6 and 11 October 2023.
In line with Paragraph 15.08 of the Listing Requirements, the Board acknowledges the importance of continuing education for 
Directors and value of attending conferences, training programmes and seminars to ensure that they are well equipped with the 
necessary skills and knowledge, and kept abreast of the development and challenges in the industry to perform their duties and 
responsibilities effectively. 
During the financial year under review, the Board members attended/participated in external training, workshops, and seminars 
(also available online) that covered areas considered useful and relevant to the Directors on a continuous basis to ensure they  
remained updated with the development of the Group’s business and that of the industry that was likely to affect the discharge 
of their duties and responsibilities. While the Directors are expected to have personal development skills to improve themselve s, 
the training needs are assessed on a yearly basis by the NRC and an annual development programme is recommended by the NRC 
and organised by the Group Company Secretary. This is to ensure the Directors are accorded the appropriate training necessary 
for them to discharge their responsibilities more effectively.
The Group Company Secretary coordinated two (2) online virtual trainings during the financial year under review on the followin g 
topics for the Board and Senior Management of Sime Darby Property:
Date Topic Speaker
8 September 2023 What Amounts to a Conflict of Interest by Directors? Khoo Guan Huat 
Iclif Executive Education Center 
Asia School of Business
Navigating the Culture-Strategy GPS : Best Practices for 
Leaders
Patrick Dunne 
ICDM
Understanding the Importance of Human Rights for 
Business Sustainability and Resilience 
Edmund Bon
ICDM
10 October 2023 Case Study Masterclass: Spotlight on a Corporate 
Governance Scandal 
Cheryl Khor
ICDM
Updates by PricewaterhouseCoopers on:
(i) Sustainability
(ii) Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards
(iii) Tax
Manohar Johnson & Farhana Jabir
Mahesh Ramesh & Yeow Fei Wong
Jagdev Singh
233Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 236 ----
The Management team had also, during the financial year under review, organised trainings/knowledge sessions for the Board and 
Senior Management of Sime Darby Property on property industry-related topics as follows:
No. Topic Speaker
1 Macroeconomic Outlook of ASEAN HSBC Hong Kong 
Yun Liu (ASEAN Economist)
2 Macroeconomic Outlook of UK HSBC UK
Liz Martins (Lead Economist (UK))
3 Geographical Expansion – Australia Colliers
Tim Storey (Managing Director, Victoria | Residential)
4 Industrial & Logistics LOGOS Property Group
(i) Natalie Allen (Group Chief Corporate Officer & General Counsel)
(ii) David Aboud (Head of Malaysia)
5 Protecting Your Business with 
Adaptation & Resilience Against 
Climate Impacts
Boston Consulting Group
(i) Dave Sivaprasad (Managing Director & Partner, Southeast Asia Lead, 
Climate & Sustainability)
(ii) Varad Pande (Partner & Director, Climate & Sustainability)
The Board was apprised of the following:
1) Property market updates during the Board Strategy Session, which was held from 9 to 11 November 2023. 
2) Latest development of Battersea Power Station (“Battersea”) project by the Battersea team on 10 February 2023.
Several Directors including the newly appointed Director in September 2023 visited various townships development in 2023 with 
the aim of better understanding the business, operations of Sime Darby Property Group as well as engaging with the respective 
team members. Management would proactively organise annual site visits for Directors, aligned with the ICDM’s recommendation 
from the FY2023 BEE results.
As of the date of this report, four (4) out of twelve (12) on the Board of Sime Darby Property (including Alternate Director) h ave 
completed the Mandatory Accreditation Programme Part II: Leading for Impact (“LIP”), an initiative under the SC’s Corporate 
Governance Strategic Priorities 2021-2023, which aims to provide directors with the foundation to address sustainability risks and 
opportunities effectively, and have better oversight over their companies’ material sustainability matters. 
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
234
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 237 ----
The areas of trainings/seminars/conferences attended or participated by the Directors during the financial year under review, 
among others, are set out below.
Dato’ Rizal Rickman Ramli
Dato’ Azmir Merican
Dato’ Soam Heng Choon 
YAM Tengku Datuk Seri Ahmad Shah Alhaj ibni Almarhum 
Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Alhaj
Tan Sri Jaganath Derek Steven Sabapathy 
Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan
Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali
Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla
Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin
Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin
Nur Farahbi Shaari
Khalid Mohammed Noor (Alternate to Nur Farahbi Shaari)
Property Industry/
Industrial 
& Logistics 
Development
Sustainability 
Agenda
BOARD REMUNERATION 
The Board has established a remuneration policy for its NEDs that 
aligns remuneration with the Group’s strategy to drive the long-
term success of the Group together with a comprehensive and fair 
remuneration package to continue to attract and retain high-
calibre Directors while encouraging value creation for Sime Darby 
Property and its stakeholders.
The Board has delegated to the NRC the responsibility to set the 
principles, parameters and governance framework relating to the 
Group’s remuneration matters. The NRC is authorised to formulate, 
develop and implement formal and transparent procedures for the 
Group’s NEDs and Senior Management ensuring that their 
compensation remains competitive and consistent with industry 
standards as well as commensurate with their experience, skills, 
level of responsibilities and complexity of the business. In this 
regard, the NRC has established a remuneration framework for 
the NEDs which is subject to periodic review. 
The remuneration of the NEDs consists of fixed directors’ fees 
and other benefits, all of which are subject to the approval of 
shareholders at the AGM. The fees of the NEDs for their services 
Markets & 
Investments
Risks and 
Internal 
Control
Governance Finance, 
Accounting 
and/or  
Tax Related
Leadership Cybersecurity
to the Board and Board Committees are paid to all NEDs on a 
monthly basis pursuant to the shareholders’ mandate obtained 
at the AGM.
During the financial year under review, the NRC had conducted 
an annual review of the Directors’ fees and benefits. 
Subsequently, the Board had, upon the recommendation of the 
NRC on 22 February 2024, agreed that the proposed 
Remuneration Framework shall remain unchanged. Furthermore, 
Sime Darby Property is not seeking any increase in the approval 
limit in respect of the amount of benefits payable to the NEDs 
from that approved at the 50th AGM.
A periodic review on the Board Remuneration Framework (i.e. 
current fees and benefits) by an independent consultant to be 
appointed, is planned to be carried out in the second half of 
2024. The last review exercise by an independent consultant was 
conducted in 2019.
For full details of the Directors’ Remuneration Framework and details of fee 
structure of individual directors of Sime Darby Property on a named basis paid 
during the financial year under review, please refer to the CG Report on pages 62 
to 64 and pages 68 to 69, respectively.
For full details of the list of trainings, please refer to the CG Report on pages 32 to 39.
235Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 238 ----
SUCCESSION PLANNING
Succession planning is an integral part of the Board’s corporate 
governance practices. The Board has in place a Board Succession 
Plan Framework to assist the Board, in particular the NRC, in 
ensuring the orderly sourcing, identification and selection of 
new NEDs in the event of an opening on the Board by reason 
of an anticipated retirement, expansion in the size of the Board 
or otherwise. The NRC would also ensure that there is an 
appropriate dynamic of skills, experience, expertise and 
diversity on the Board and Board Committees. Such a structured 
succession plan addresses the composition and effectiveness of 
the Board. The Board believes that the membership and 
composition of the Board and Board Committees should be 
assessed from time to time, while ensuring continuity in 
meeting the Group’s long-term goals and objectives. 
The NRC also plays a key role in the oversight of the nomination, 
selection process and succession planning of key critical 
positions reporting to the GMD. Sime Darby Property 
continuously reviews succession planning for senior critical 
roles and talent pool demographics with the view of enhancing 
the Group’s Succession Planning Framework including talent 
management and human capital development for the key 
critical management positions. The Framework focuses on, 
amongst others, the determination of the criticality of positions, 
identification and selection of talents based on pre-defined 
competency profiles and drawing up individual development 
plans to bridge the competency gap.
The NRC had, in May and November 2023, reviewed Sime 
Darby Property’s succession planning for senior critical roles 
(including GMD) and talent pool demographics and the 
respective development plan. Talents identified for Senior 
Critical Roles and succession nomination for these roles are 
deliberated at Talent Council Meetings. Subsequently, updates 
on succession management for the successors identified are 
tabled to the NRC for review and consideration before being 
updated to the Board accordingly. 
Internal and external talents are considered during succession 
planning, with a preference for the former. Due to additional 
focus by Senior Management towards identifying potential 
successors from within Sime Darby Property as well as from 
external sources, a more rigorous process and discussion on 
succession management, and clearer expectations set on 
building a succession pipeline, had resulted in improvements in 
succession coverage, which were recorded between the two (2) 
Talent Reviews conducted in the first and fourth quarters of 
2023. However, it was noted that the succession bench 
strength needed further improvement. To address this, the 
focus in FY2024 would be to continuously improve successors’ 
readiness with targeted development, structured career 
pathing for successors and earlier identification of potential 
successors for mid and long-term time frames.
STRATEGIC ORGANISATIONAL REVIEW
Strategic organisational change is a business necessity to meet 
the transformation of organisational goals, core values, 
processes and technologies of the Group. The change is also a 
crucial performance driver for the Group to continue to meet 
and exceed the competition in the market as a leading real 
estate development company.
As of the date of this report, the NRC ensured that appropriate 
assessment was conducted on the following key critical 
positions in the Group all of whom are critical, to ensure the 
continuity of the Group’s SHIFT25 transformation plan and the 
various initiatives under it, prior to recommendation to the 
Board for approval:
1) Appointment of CPO and Chief Digital & Technology 
Officer (“CDTO”); 
2) Reviewed and evaluated the performance of CMSO, Chief 
Risk, Integrity & Compliance Officer (“CRICO”) and CAO 
for contract renewal.
Furthermore, the NRC conducted review and offered input/
support for positions, such as the appointment of Head, 
Sustainability, promotion of General Manager of Corporate 
Planning & Development and employment contract renewal of 
General Manager of Health, Safety, Security and Environment 
(“HSSE”) all of whom are critical to the Group’s journey. 
The NRC ensured that the said promotions and contract 
renewal were based on the criteria, merit, performance and key 
achievements during their tenure and with due regard for 
diversity in skills, experience, age and cultural background. 
The NRC also challenges and monitors the current structure of 
the organisation closely to ensure it is geared for growth and 
can work more efficiently while leveraging on technology. 
Updates on the progress of the organisational design review 
exercise are briefed to the NRC on a regular basis.
SIME DARBY PROPERTY GROUP REMUNERATION POLICY
In the first quarter of 2023, Sime Darby Property embarked on a 
two-year roadmap to progressively improve the living wage of 
affected employees. This was part of Sime Darby Property’s 
efforts to enhance the well-being of all employees and to 
support overall equity and inclusion. As of the date of this 
report, Sime Darby Property has successfully transitioned into 
the second phase of the endeavor, having achieved the targeted 
Minimum Living Wage for affected employees. Moving forward, 
the Company would further analyse the ideal living wage within 
the real estate industry, thus charting the course for further 
advancements in this vital aspect of employee welfare. 
BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESSPRINCIPLE A
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
236
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 239 ----
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT SURVEY (“EES”) 
An EES was conducted in the second quarter of 2023 by the 
same independent survey consultant of 2022, to garner feedback 
on how the Group progressed in the following themes:
1) Engagement Leadership
2) Talent Focus (Brand, Career & Development and Rewards 
& Recognition)
3) Work (Employee Wellness/Health/Safety and Work/Life 
Balance)
4) Basic (Sustainability) 
5) Agility in Decision Making
The EES response rate of 94% underscores the organisation’s 
commitment to engagement and transparency. This high 
participation rate has yielded a comprehensive dataset, 
providing invaluable insights into the Group’s dynamics and 
facilitating informed decision-making processes.
The survey results were presented to the NRC, Board, Senior 
Management as well as employees. Focus group discussions 
were conducted to deep dive into the findings and ensure that 
employees’ feedback was captured/understood, accountability 
was taken by respective Heads and to monitor the progress of 
the action plans. 
Amongst the company-wide action plans taken include the 
following:
1) Enhanced and introduction of new onboarding experience 
to strengthen Employer Brand and Onboarding.
2) Developed and communicated flexible work arrangement 
to foster Work Life Balance amongst employees. Flexible 
work arrangement (“FWA”) policy has been introduced. 
3) Launched TEAM e-badge recognition programme in 
September 2023 to acknowledge employees/colleagues’ 
exemplary behaviours on a timely basis. Employees with 
most badges and testimonials would be published 
company-wide monthly. 
4) Provided clarity on the Performance Management rating 
calibration process.
5) Deep dive into targeted processes to identify hot spots.
Townhalls will continue to be organised on a quarterly basis to 
provide the opportunity for employees and leadership to come 
together as a team, engage in open conversation, and share 
updates, successes, and any queries that cropped up along the 
way. In 2023, the townhall sessions for the first three (3) 
quarters were held virtually, whilst the session in Quarter 4, 
2023 adopted a hybrid format.
More initiatives will be explored moving forward as the Group 
takes progressive steps to continue building trust with 
employees, improve work experiences, and produce better 
development opportunities that will foster a positive and 
engaging work culture in the organisation.
PURPOSE, VISION, MISSION AND VALUES (“PVMV”)
The NRC is cognisance that corporate culture transformation is 
a strategic imperative for Sime Darby Property to build 
resilience, foster innovation, attract and retain talent and drive 
sustainable growth in an increasingly complex and dynamic 
business environment. Hence, the NRC has proactively 
supported and encouraged Management’s endeavours to drive 
PVMV culture transformation. 
During the financial year under review, under the stewardship 
of the NRC and leadership bench, commendable efforts were 
made to ensure the successful rollout and implementation of 
TEAM behaviours. This initiative encompassed various impactful 
activities, including TEAM Value workshops and Train the 
Trainer Session facilitated by an NRC member, as well as PVMV 
Cascade Session by Leaders. Moreover, engagement activities 
were specifically tailored to prioritise employees’ well-being 
and build camaraderie within the workforce. Concurrently, HR 
has also intensified its efforts to create awareness and instil 
T.E.A.M behaviours among employees, with a focused 
commitment to empower and align them with the Company’s 
overarching goals, which includes hardwiring of TEAM 
behaviours into policies and processes in four (4) areas namely 
Talent Acquisition, Performance Management, Learning & 
Talent Development and Succession Planning. Notably, in 
November 2023, the following was organised:
1) Leadership Engagement Series with Tan Sri Mohamed 
Nazir Tun Abdul Razak and Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin. 
Concurrently, the Talent and Succession Pool of Sime 
Darby Property were also given early access to Malaysia’s 
Leadership edutainment streaming service ahead of its 
official launch on 16 November 2023. This online platform 
provides leadership learning by local prominent figures at 
the talent and successors’ own pace.
2) Leadership Networking Series which served as a platform 
for the NRC members, Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali and 
Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin to engage with the young talents 
from the Management Associates Programme.
During the financial year under review, HR had endeavored to 
address critical areas for improvement, aligning strategies to 
enhance performance and support the organisation’s 
overarching business objective. Demonstrating this commitment, 
the Company proudly received several notable HR awards and 
recognition as referred to on page 47.
237Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 240 ----
The AC plays an important role in supporting the Board to discharge its responsibilities in ensuring reliable financial 
reporting and a sound system of internal controls.
“ “
EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENTPRINCIPLE B
INTRODUCTION 
OVERVIEW
The AC of Sime Darby Property is pleased to present the AC Report for the FY 31 December 2023.
COMPOSITION OF THE AC AND ATTENDANCE AT ITS MEETINGS
During the financial year under review, there were no changes in composition of the AC. The AC comprised majority of independent 
NEDs.
As per the TOR of AC, no former partner shall be appointed as a member of the AC before observing a cooling-off period of at 
least 3 years. 
The profiles of all the AC members are disclosed on pages 192 to 195 of the Integrated Report.
The details of the AC membership and meetings held during the FY 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Members Membership/Designation Appointment Attendance at Meetings
Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan 
(MIA member)
Chairman/Independent NED 12 July 2017
6/6
100%
Tan Sri Jaganath Derek Steven Sabapathy Member/Non-Independent NED 29 February 
2016 6/6
100%
Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali Member/Independent NED 12 July 2017
6/6
100%
Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla Member/Independent NED 1 July 2020
6/6
100%
The minutes of all AC meetings are provided to the Board. The Board is briefed on significant matters deliberated during the 
AC meetings.
The senior members of Management comprising the GMD, Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) Property Development, Group Chief 
Financial Officer (“GCFO”), COO – Township, COO – Integrated, CRICO and the CAO are permanent invitees to AC meetings. They 
attend all AC meetings in order to provide explanations and answer queries. The CPO is invited to the AC meetings as and when 
required. Where required, the respective Heads of Department or Business Units are called to provide clarification to the AC on 
specific matters related to their areas of responsibility.
The external auditors are invited to the AC meetings to brief the Committee on relevant matters.
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
238
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 241 ----
TERMS OF REFERENCE
In discharging its duties, the AC has authority to investigate any matter within its TOR. The full TOR for the AC is available 
online in the Corporate Governance section at www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance.
FINANCIAL REPORTING
(a) Reviewed the unaudited quarterly financial results 
and the related press statements for  
recommendation to the Board for approval before 
release to Bursa Securities.
(b) Reviewed all matters highlighted by the external 
auditors in relation to the audited financial 
statements and significant judgements made by 
Management.
(c) Reviewed the audited financial statements of the 
Group and ensured that they comply with Malaysian 
Financial Reporting Standards, for recommendation 
to the Board for approval.
(d) Reviewed the dividends proposed by Management 
for recommendation to the Board.
INTERNAL AUDIT
(a) Approved Group Corporate Assurance Department 
(“GCAD”) scope of work, audit plan and budget, 
as well as made enquiries as to GCAD’s resources, 
expertise, professionalism and independence to 
meet planned audit activities across the Group.
(b) C o n sidered GCAD’s major findings and  
recommendations, Management’s responses and 
follow-up actions to report to the Board.
(c) Reviewed the implementation of consequence 
management by HR department in response to 
serious audit findings as a continuous effort by 
Senior Management to enhance the culture of 
responsibility and accountability.
(d) Reviewed GCAD’s reports on how Management’s 
implementation of the internal audit  
recommendations are being followed up.
(e) One private session were held between AC and 
CAO without the presence of Management.
(f) Assessed and approved the KPIs for the CAO and 
appraised the CAO’s performance.
(g) Reviewed the whistleblowing matters presented 
by GCAD.
(h) Monitored and tracked the achievement of audit 
plan via updates provided by CAO during the AC 
meeting.
(i) Considered the internal Quality Assurance 
Improvement Programme (“QAIP”) performed by 
GCAD.
(j) AC had a direct engagement with all GCAD staff. 
OTHER ACTIVITIES
(a) Reviewed the proposed revision of GPAs.
(b) Reviewed the update of Group Risk Register.
(c) Reviewed the update of tax matters.
(d) Reviewed the proposed dividend payout for the 
FYE2023. 
(e) Reviewed the proposed revisions of AC TOR.
(f) Reviewed the Non-Audit Service Framework.
(g) Site visits to various project sites were carried out 
to assess the site safety and International Labour 
Organisation’s (“ILO”) compliance. 
(h) Reviewed the proposed audit re-tendering policy.
 
EXTERNAL AUDIT
(a) Reviewed the written assurance provided by external auditors in respect of their 
independence in relation to the audit engagement for the FYE 31 December 2023.
(b) Reviewed the external auditors’ group’s audit plan, which outlines the scope of work, 
audit strategy and approach, for the FYE 31 December 2023.
(c) Considered the Annual Transparency Report prepared by external auditors which contains 
the audit firm’s legal and governance structure, measures taken to uphold audit quality 
and manage risks and indicators of audit quality. 
(d) Considered, together with Management, the Group’s audit fees and provisions for 
non-audit services by the external auditors for recommendation to the Board for 
approval. The amount of audit and non audit fees paid to external auditors by the 
Group and the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Group
RM’000 %
Company
RM’000 %
– Audit fees 2,249 84 360 56
–  Other assurance related fees 357 13 270 42
– Non-Audit fees 67 3 10 2
Total 2,673 100 640 100
(e) Monitored the non-audit engagement of the external auditors on quarterly basis to 
ensure their independence was not impaired and that they remained objective throughout 
the financial year.
(f) Considered major findings, key significant external audit matters and recommendations 
raised by the external auditors and Management’s response and follow-up actions 
thereto and reported to the Board.
(g) Held two private meetings with the external auditors without the presence of 
Management.
(h) The AC conducted a re-tendering exercise of the external audit service in early 2024. 
Tenders were invited from shortlisted firms of external auditors to compare, inter alia, 
their attention to audit quality, independence, industry experience, adequacy of 
resources and team competencies as well as fee levels. As a result, the AC selected 
PwC as the external auditors. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (“RPTs”)
(a) Reviewed significant RPTs entered into by the Group to ensure that the transactions 
were in the best interest of Sime Darby Property and were fair, reasonable, and on the 
Group’s normal commercial terms, and not detrimental to the interest of the minority 
shareholders of Sime Darby Property.
(b) Reviewed the processes and procedures on RPTs/recurrent RPTs to comply with the CA 
2016 and the Listing Requirements, and to ensure that related parties are appropriately 
identified and that RPTs are declared, approved and reported appropriately.
ANNUAL REPORT
(a) Revie wed and endorsed the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control 
(“SORMIC”) for Board approval and inclusion in the Annual Report for the FYE  
31 December 2022.
(b) Reviewed and approved the AC report for inclusion in the Annual Report for the FYE 
31 December 2022.
TRAINING
During the year, AC members attended various conferences, seminars and training programmes 
to enhance their knowledge to maintain high level of financial competencies, and generally 
keep themselves abreast of changes and updates. 
The details of training programmes and seminars attended by each AC member during 
FYE2023 are set out on pages 34 to 36 of the CG Report.
239Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 242 ----
GROUP CORPORATE ASSURANCE DEPARTMENT
OVERVIEW
GCAD is the Group’s in-house internal audit function and is 
headed by the CAO.
To ensure appropriate degree of independence and objectivity:
• The CAO reports functionally to the AC and administratively 
to the GMD to ensure its independence.
• The authority, function, roles and responsibilities of GCAD 
as articulated in the Group Corporate Assurance Charter 
have been approved by the AC.
• The appointment, transfer or dismissal o f CAO is subject to 
final approval of the Board, following recommendation of 
the NRC and the AC.
• Performance of both CAO and GCAD will be evaluated by 
the AC.
• Members of GCAD do not have any business or operational 
line of responsibility.
GCAD confirmed its organisational independence to the AC that 
they were and have been independent, objective and in 
compliance with the Code of Ethics and Standards as prescribed 
in the 2017 International Professional Practices Framework 
(“IPPF”).
FRAMEWORK AND PRACTICES
GCAD is guided by its Group Corporate Assurance Charter 
which defines the mission & objective, responsibility, 
accountability, authority, independence & objectivity and 
professionalism & ethical standards of GCAD.
The internal audit processes and activities are governed by the 
Group’s COBC, GPA and the Institute of Internal Auditors’ 
(“IIA”) mandatory guidance, which includes the Core Principles 
for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing, the Definition 
of Internal Auditing, the Code of Ethics and the International 
Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing.
An internal QAIP is performed for all aspects of the internal 
audit activities to enable an evaluation of internal audit’s 
performance in line with the IIA’s International Standards and 
Code of Ethics.
RESOURCES AND COMPETENCIES
The internal audit activities were conducted by a team of 11 
internal auditors with the following background and expertise:
Background
No of
 Auditors
Background No of Auditors Accounting and 
Finance (6 auditors possess professional 
qualification (ACCA, CPA etc)
7
Engineering 3
Others 1
Total 11
Source: based on the GCAD headcount as of December 2023
GCAD is committed to the development and enhancement of 
knowledge of the internal auditors. This is evidenced through 
attendance at external and internal trainings, workshops, 
conferences and knowledge sharing sessions designed to 
improve their competencies in both technical and soft skills. On 
average, each GCAD staff achieved minimum of 3 learning days 
in FY2023.
A total of RM5.4 million was spent in 2023 on internal audit. 
This comprised mainly of staff payroll and costs associated with 
audit work.
RESPONSIBILITIES AND ACTIVITIES
The primary responsibilities and key activities for GCAD are 
summarised below:
Undertake regular and systematic reviews of the internal 
control systems so as to provide reasonable assurance that 
such systems continue to operate satisfactorily and effectively 
in the Group.
Provides recommendations in improving risk management, 
governance and internal control processes.
Managed the whistleblowing process to ensure that all 
complaints received are properly recorded and reported to 
AC and concluded.
240
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENTPRINCIPLE B
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 243 ----
The key activities carried out by GCAD during the FYE 31 December 2023 included:
Audit Risk Assessment
•  Evaluated risk exposure relating to achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives and mapping this against the Risk 
Register to ensure key risks are considered and deliberated with Management, external auditors and Group Risk Management 
on a periodic basis.
Audit Planning
•  Prepared and tabled the annual risk-based audit plan to AC for review and approval.
•  The audit plan is reviewed at least bi-annually, especially when there is a change in risk profile or business strategy.
Internal Controls Assessment
•  Devised a programme of work taking into consideration the risk profile and identification for key business cycles audited.
•  Reviewed and appraised the adequacy and application of internal controls.
•  Evaluated the systems established to ensure adherence with those policies, plans and procedures which could have a 
significant impact on the Group.
•  During the course of work, identified potential cost savings and prevention of income leakage.
•  Performed investigative audits on allegations of mismanagement or improper acts reported through the whistleblowing 
procedures and other channels.
•  Conducted ad-hoc or special reviews requested by Directors or Senior Management.
•  Performed follow up audit and monitored the progress of implementation of recommendations and resolutions of all 
outstanding matters in relation to findings.
•  Reported status of outstanding audit findings to AC. Undue delays in the implementation of agreed action plans were 
escalated to the relevant authority for appropriate decision.
Provision of Consultative and Advisory Services
•  The CAO attended the meetings of the AC on a quarterly basis to brief the AC on audit results and significant matters raised  
in GCAD’s reports.
•  The CAO attended meetings of the GMC on a consultative and advisory capacity to provide independent feedback on the 
risk management, control and governance aspects for deliberation.
•  The CAO attended the quarterly GOMC meetings and presented the results and significant matters raised in the audit 
reports.
•  Witnessed the tender opening process for procurement goods or services to ensure the activities in the tendering processes 
are conducted in a fair, transparent and consistent manner.
•  Facilitated the re-tendering exercise of statutory audit services to ensure it was carried out objectively and fairly.
•  CAO conducted an onboarding session with new members of Senior Management where they have been briefed of GCAD’s 
main roles and responsibilities, including the significant matters required their attention.
Performance Evaluation
•  Both AC and Managements feedback on GCAD’s overall performance were sought via the annual feedback survey.
•  An internal QAIP was conducted, and the results were tabled to AC for consideration. 
Collaboration with Other Assurance Functions
•  Worked together in collaboration with the external auditors on specific reviews.
•  Had joint reviews together with other functions such as the Sustainability team and HR on various audits. 
Regular Engagement with AC
•  All GCAD staff had a direct engagement session with AC members during the year.
241Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 244 ----
The RMC is a Board Committee established to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities pertaining to risk, integrity 
and compliance management. 
The RMC is chaired by an Independent Director and comprises of a majority of independent directors, in line with 
Principle B, Chapter II of the MCCG, Step Up 10.3.
The primary function of RMC is to provide oversight on the implementation of the risk, integrity and compliance 
frameworks of the Group and its related key processes, including but not limited to ensuring the Management has put 
in place adequate resources, infrastructure, systems, controls and processes to manage material risks that could hinder 
the Group from achieving its strategic objectives and targets, while safeguarding shareholders’ investments and the 
Group’s assets.
The roles and responsibilities of the RMC are summarised in the Corporate Governance Overview Statement 
on pages 244 to 245 of this Integrated Report. The TOR of the RMC are available on the Group’s website at 
www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance.
ROLE OF THE COMMITTEE
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE REPORT
COMMITTEE EFFECTIVENESS
COMPOSITION AND ATTENDANCE
During the financial year under review, the composition of RMC was as follows:
Members Membership/Designation Appointment Attendance at Meetings
Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla Chairman/Independent NED (1) 1 July 2020
5/5
100%
Tan Sri Jaganath Derek Steven Sabapathy Member/Non-Independent NED (2) 12 July 2017
5/5
100%
Tengku Datuk Seri Ahmad Shah Alhaj ibni 
Almarhum Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz 
Shah Alhaj
Member/Non-Independent NED 12 July 2017
5/5
100%
Dato’ Soam Heng Choon Member/Independent NED 1 July 2020
5/5
100%
Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin Member/Independent NED 1 October 
2021 5/5
100%
Notes:
(1) Re-designated from Member to Chairman of RMC on 23 March 2023.
(2) Re-designated from Chairman to Member of RMC and SID to Non-Independent NED on 23 March 2023.
“
“
242
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENTPRINCIPLE B
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 245 ----
The RMC comprises five (5) experienced NED, whom are 
independent of Management. Three (3) out of five (5) RMC 
members comprised Independent NED during FY2023.
The qualifications and experience of all RMC members are 
listed on pages 190 to 197 of this Integrated Report and on the 
Group’s website at www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-are/
board-of-directors.
OPERATIONS OF RMC
Five (5) RMC meetings were held in FY2023. These meetings 
were pre-determined, scheduled, and approved by the Board in 
the preceding year.
During meetings, the RMC is supported by the GMD, GCFO,  
CEO – Property Development, COO – Township, COO – 
Integrated and CRICO, each of whom are permanent invitees. 
Other attendees, both internal and external, may also be invited 
to attend RMC meetings in order to brief members as necessary.
Key matters deliberated and decisions made at each quarterly 
RMC meeting are reported and updated by the Chairman of the 
RMC to the Board in the same quarter. This report is tabled by 
the Chairman of the RMC as a standing agenda item in the 
scheduled Board meeting.
Details of the deliberations of RMC meetings are further shared 
with the Board through the circulation of RMC minutes of 
meeting in subsequent quarters. 
At the operational level, the RMC is supported by the CRICO 
who manages the day-to-day operations of both Group Risk 
Management (“GRM”) and Group Compliance Office (“GCO”).
ANNUAL PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT
For the financial year under review, the Board has reviewed the 
terms of office and assessed the composition, performance and 
effectiveness of the RMC based on recommendations from the 
NRC. The Board was satisfied that the RMC and its members 
have effectively discharged their duties in accordance with 
their TOR.
SUMMARY OF RMC’S WORK DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR
The global and Malaysian economy faced similar challenges in 
FY2023 when compared to FY2022. Decreased GDP growth 
was projected as the world emerged from the shadows of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and further underwent monetary 
tightening to allay inflation fears, significant increases in 
commodity prices and continued geoeconomic fragmentation. 
This has resulted in a higher cost of doing business and 
contributed to a subdued consumer market.
 
These challenging conditions have directly impacted the Group. 
To mitigate against negative impacts and leverage potential 
opportunities, the Management has continuously assessed and 
monitored the Group’s operations, ensuring that key risks at 
the enterprise and operational levels are managed appropriately 
to minimise the impact of risk exposures to the Group. 
Key risks impacting the Group are reported by the Management 
to the RMC and the Board as part of the Group’s risk management 
process. These key risks are then deliberated at RMC and Board 
meetings to ensure appropriate risk mitigations have been put in 
place by Management and are then monitored to ensure that risk 
outcomes are managed to an acceptable level.
243Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 246 ----
During the year under review, the RMC continues to carry out its duties as follows:
A) RISK MANAGEMENT
Enterprise Risk Management 
Framework Elements Details
Leadership and Commitment • Reviewed and recommend the proposed revised RMC TOR for Board approval.
• Reviewed and approved the revised GRM Charter.
Risk Management Activities
• Assessment
• Monitoring and Review
• Communication and 
Consultation
• Monitored Group-level risk exposures and management of significant financial and 
non-financial risks, including the potential impact of cybersecurity and sustainability 
issues on the Group. 
• Evaluated existing, new and emerging risks identified by the Management and/or 
GRM every quarter or as and when required. 
• Reviewed the Group’s Key Risks Profile and ensured that significant risks outside the 
tolerable range were addressed, with prompt and appropriate actions taken.
• Provided the necessary feedback and/or challenged the Management on the 
effectiveness of mitigation action plans for key risks impacting the Group.
• Reviewed and provided the necessary counsel and feedback on the ESG risk 
assessments carried out on the Group’s six (6) key material matters.
• Reviewed and provided necessary feedback pertaining to the Group’s exposure to 
cyber risk and the implementation of the Group’s Cybersecurity Framework.
• Reviewed and provided feedback on material risks for major investments and 
presented findings to the Board. 
Monitoring and Review
(Culture and Engagement)
• Reviewed status updates on gap closure in respect to the Group’s Enterprise Risk 
Management (“ERM”) maturity level.
• Reviewed status update on gap closure in respect to the Group’s integration of 
ESG risks.
Reporting
(Internal and External)
• Reviewed and provided feedback on quarterly status update pertaining to activities 
undertaken by GRM.
• Reviewed and recommended to the Board to include the Group’s SORMIC, RMC 
Report and a write-up on key risks in the Annual Report 2022.
Other Matters • Deliberated and approved achievements against the CRICO KPI Scorecard for 
FY2022.
• Reviewed and approved KPIs for CRICO for FY2023.
• Reviewed the achievements against the GRM Annual Plan for FY2023.
• Reviewed and approved the GRM Annual Plan for FY2024.
244
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENTPRINCIPLE B
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 247 ----
B) INTEGRITY AND COMPLIANCE:
Group Compliance Framework 
Elements Details
Compliance Management • Reviewed and provided the necessary feedback on the proposed revision to the 
GPAs and recommended the proposed changes to the Board for their deliberation 
and approval.
• Reviewed and provided the necessary feedback to the proposed changes to the 
Group’s COBC. 
• Reviewed and approved the revised Group’s GCO Charter.
• Reviewed and provided the necessary feedback to enable the finalisation of the 
Group’s Anti-Bribery and Corruption (“ABC”) ISO Certification Readiness Review.
Compliance Monitoring • Reviewed and provided the necessary counsel and feedback on the status update on 
gap closures in respect to the Group’s preparations to meet the Corporate Liability 
provisions.
Reporting and Resolution • Reviewed and provided feedback on the quarterly status update of activities 
undertaken by GCO.
Reporting
(Internal and External)
• Reviewed and approved for submission to the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission 
(“MACC”) the Group’s half-yearly status updates on corruption-related activities and 
programmes as required by the MACC.
Other Matters • Reviewed achievements against the GCO Annual Plan for FY2023.
• Reviewed and approved the GCO Annual Plan for FY2024.
GROUP RISK MANAGEMENT
GRM is a dedicated function established to assist the Board, RMC and Management with the coordination and implementation of 
the Risk Management Framework across the Group.
GRM’s roles include assisting Management, business and operating units to:
• Embed risk management into the organisational culture and encourage effective decision-making at all levels of the organisation.
• Integrate risk management into key business processes and facilitate achievement of Group’s objectives while mitigating 
uncertainties.
• Establish, maintain and monitor the implementation of formal, explicit risk management processes by identifying, assessing, 
and managing risks impacting business objectives and/or those which are outside the Group’s risk appetite parameters. These 
risks are documented, aggregated, evaluated and reported at Group-level to the Management and the RMC.
• Review key corporate activities and transactions that are significant to the Group.
245Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 248 ----
Key activities for the year under review included but were not limited to:
Enterprise Risk Management 
Framework Elements Details
Leadership and Commitment • Reviewed and proposed necessary changes to the RMC TOR for the RMC’s approval.
• Reviewed and proposed necessary changes to the GRM Charter for the RMC’s 
approval.
Monitoring and Review
(Culture and Engagement)
• Collaborated with relevant internal stakeholders to implement recommendations to 
close gaps identified in ESG risk integration. Provided status updates on gap closure 
in respect to the ESG risk integration to the Group’s GOMC and the RMC.
• Collaborated with relevant internal stakeholders to implement the recommendations 
to close gaps identified pertaining to the Group’s ERM maturity level. Provided 
status updates on gap closure in respect to ERM maturity to GOMC and the RMC.
Risk Management Activities
• Assessment
• Monitoring and Review
• Communication and Consultation
• Reviewed and provided the necessary challenge and feedback on key risks identified 
by business or functional department on proposals relating to major investments, 
commencement of development projects and key tenders entered into by the Group 
prior to submission to various Management Committee and/or to Board Committee(s) 
or the Board for approval.
• Reviewed and provided the necessary challenge and feedback on the Quarterly Risk 
Reports provided by Business and Operating Units to improve the quality of 
reported risks and its related information.
• Facilitated, reviewed and provided the necessary feedback on the Group’s 
Materiality Assessment and ESG risk assessment (related to materiality assessment 
results).
• Conducted site visits to obtain first hand insight on the progress of projects 
intended to mitigate, key risks or challenges faced by the respective projects and/
or operations.
Training and Communication • Participated as one of the key trainers and presented the risk module during the 
Group’s employee onboarding training.
• Conducted a Risk Forum with risk owners and risk coordinators of the Group.
Reporting
(Internal and External)
• Coordinated quarterly risk reviews and prepared the Group’s Quarterly Risk Report 
for submission to GOMC, the RMC and the Board. 
• Prepared the Group’s SORMIC, RMC Report and write-up on key risk in the Annual 
Report 2022.
Other Matters • Continued to support the Crisis Management Team in their operations. 
• Prepared the GRM Annual Plan for FY2024 for RMC approval. 
246
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENTPRINCIPLE B
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 249 ----
Group Compliance Framework 
Elements Details
Leadership and Commitment • Reviewed and updated the revised GCO Charter for RMC’s approval.
Compliance Management • Continued with the implementation of Anti-Bribery and Corruption prevention activities 
to reduce the Group’s corporate liability risk exposure. Provided status updates on the 
activities to GOMC and RMC.
• Coordinated, reviewed and proposed changes to the GPAs for Management, RMC and 
Board approval (annual review). 
• Led reviews of proposed revisions to the Group’s COBC, including design changes. 
Proposed changes to GOMC, RMC and Board for approval.
• Coordinated the Anti-Bribery and Corruption (“ABC”) ISO Certification Readiness Review 
and presented results of the review to GOMC and RMC for feedback prior to finalisation.
• Fulfilled various advisory functions in relation to the Group’s COBC, GPAs and Group 
Limits of Authorities.
Compliance Monitoring • Coordinated regulatory compliance reporting requirements, including via quarterly 
reports to Management and Board on key non-compliance incidences reported by 
operations/employees.
• Initiated and tracked the completion of the Group’s compulsory FY2023 Annual 
Compliance & Integrity Pledge, and provided updates on the status of completion to 
Management. 
Training • Developed and rolled out the Group’s COBC e-learning and e-assessment in Bahasa 
Malaysia.
• Deployed the COBC e-learning and e-assessment in both English and Bahasa Malaysia for 
all employees during FY2023.
• Participated as a key trainer during the Group’s employees’ onboarding training 
programme, covering the Group’s governance structure and policies such as the GPA, 
COBC and Whistleblowing Policy.
Reporting and Resolution • Prepared quarterly status updates on activities undertaken by the GCO.
Reporting
(Internal and External)
• Prepared the necessary half-yearly status updates on corruption-related activities and 
programmes for submission to MACC.
Other Matters • Prepared the Group’s GCO Annual Plan for FY2024 for RMC approval.
GROUP COMPLIANCE OFFICE
GCO is an independent function established to assist the Board and Management in achieving its compliance and integrity 
strategy and objectives by coordinating key compliance risk management activities across the Group.
GCO’s roles include:
• Planning and executing compliance, ethics and integrity programmes based on approved frameworks, thus addressing key 
compliance and integrity issues and concerns within the Group.
• Maintaining an effective compliance communication programme for the Group to foster a compliance and integrity culture. 
Key activities for the year under review included but were not limited to:
247Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 250 ----
COMMUNICATIONS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
Ongoing engagement and communication with stakeholders 
are vital in fostering a healthy relationship between the 
Company and its stakeholders and are critical for the sustainable 
growth of the Group’s business as this gives stakeholders a 
much better insight into the Company and facilitates mutual 
understanding of each other’s expectations. As such, Sime 
Darby Property has consistently maintained an open dialogue 
with the relevant stakeholder groups such as shareholders, 
investors, regulatory agencies, vendors, employees and others. 
Their views and concerns on the Company’s business, its 
policies on governance, the environment and social responsibility 
are given due consideration in the decision-making process. 
The Board is committed to providing a fair, objective and 
meaningful assessment of the financial position and prospects 
of the Group in the quarterly financial results, annual financial 
statements, integrated annual report and all other reports to 
shareholders, investors, regulatory authorities and other 
stakeholders. 
Sime Darby Property’s Investor Relations is principally tasked 
with facilitating effective communication channels between the 
Group and the investment community. The Investor Relations 
Department conducts an extensive programme that involves 
the holding of regular meetings, conference calls, site visits, 
road shows and conferences, all of which are intended to keep 
the investment community abreast of the Group’s strategic 
developments and financial performance. These platforms 
allow the Investor Relations Department to provide consistent, 
accurate, transparent and timely information. Briefings for the 
analysts and media are conducted every quarter in conjunction 
with the release of the quarterly financial results to facilitate 
consistent dialogue between the Group’s key Senior 
Management and the investment community. The press 
releases, announcements to Bursa Securities, analyst briefings 
and quarterly results of the Group are also made available on 
the Group’s corporate website, and this helps to promote 
accessibility of information to the shareholders and other 
stakeholders.
Shareholders, potential investors and members of the public can 
access the Group’s corporate website at www.simedarbyproperty.com
for more information on the Group. There is a dedicated 
section for corporate governance on the Group’s corporate 
website where information such as the Board Charter, COBC, 
Fit and Proper Policy, Annual Reports, Minutes of General 
Meetings, Constitution and TOR of the Board Committees are 
made available to the public. A corporate calendar of material 
events, such as entitlement dates, ex-dividend dates and 
payment dates for dividend payment, all announcements made 
by the Group to Bursa Securities, including quarterly results 
and dividend information, and presentation slides for analyst 
briefings are also available on the Group’s corporate website 
under the Investor Relations section, for the benefit of the 
investing public.
Any enquiries on investor-related matters may be directed to 
investor.relations@simedarbyproperty.com or:
Sime Darby Property Berhad
Level 5, Block G
No. 2, Jalan PJU 1A/7A
Ara Damansara, PJU 1A
47301, Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Malaysia
Tel: +603-7849 5000
CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS
The AGM serves as the principal platform for open dialogue 
and direct two-way interaction between the shareholders, the 
Board and Management to communicate and provide 
clarification on the Group’s business strategy, activities, 
performance, governance and other related matters.
Sime Darby Property held its 50th AGM on 24 May 2023 
conducted on a fully virtual basis held at a broadcast venue. 
The notice of the 50th AGM was issued to the shareholders on 
20 April 2023, which was more than twenty-eight (28) days 
before the meeting. The same was also published through the 
announcement to Bursa Securities and Sime Darby Property’s 
corporate website. The notice of the 50th AGM provided details 
of the resolutions proposed along with relevant information to 
enable the shareholders to evaluate and vote accordingly.
The Chairman briefed the attending shareholders on the voting 
procedures and programme outlined, including proceedings 
that would take place. The holding of the virtual AGM was in 
line with the provision of the CA 2016, Sime Darby Property’s 
Constitution and the SC Malaysia’s Guidance Note and 
Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) on the Conduct of 
General Meetings for Listed Issuers.
The Board encouraged active participation by the shareholders 
and investors at the AGM. The Chairman also opened the floor 
for questions as a platform for the shareholders to seek and 
clarify any issues and to have a better understanding of the 
Group’s businesses, as reflected in the Minutes of the 50th 
AGM. All Directors (save for one Director who attended 
248
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
ENGAGING WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERSPRINCIPLE C
Corporate Governance Overview Statement

---- Page 251 ----
virtually) and Senior Management together with the external 
auditors were present at the 50th AGM broadcast venue in 
order to provide responses to questions raised by the 
shareholders.
The GMD presented the overall performance and the moving 
forward plan of the Group at the 50th AGM. In addition, 
questions raised by the Minority Shareholders Watch Group 
and Sime Darby Property’s responses were presented for the 
benefit of the shareholders. The questions and responses were 
also uploaded onto the Group’s website prior to the 50th AGM. 
Thereafter, a copy of the presentation by the GMD was made 
available on the website upon the conclusion of the 50th AGM, 
followed by the publication of the Minutes of the 50th AGM on 
the Corporate website within thirty (30) business days after the 
meeting.
All resolutions tabled at the 50th AGM were carried out by way 
of poll through electronic voting and the results were announced 
to Bursa Securities on the same day. Tricor Investor & Issuing 
House Services Sdn Bhd (“TIIH”) was appointed as Poll 
Administrator to conduct the polling process whilst Coopers 
Professional Scrutineers Sdn Bhd was engaged as an 
independent scrutineer to verify the poll results.
As an initiative to explore the leveraging of technology to 
broaden its channel of dissemination of information, enhance 
the quality of engagement with its shareholders and facilitate 
further participation of shareholders at Sime Darby Property’s 
general meetings as well as to promote environmental 
sustainability and cost efficiency, the Group will continue to 
leverage on e-communication platform with shareholders for 
the following:
1) Sime Darby Property’s Integrated Report 2023 onwards 
together with Circular to Shareholders (if any).
2) E-Lodgement of proxy forms by shareholders for Sime 
Darby Property’s 51st AGM.
Shareholders may register as a user with Boardroom Smart Investor 
Portal (“BSIP”) at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com .  
An e-mail will be sent to the entitled registered users to enable 
them to submit their proxy forms through the e-submission 
facility via BSIP.
Sime Darby Property will continue to leverage on technology 
and implement remote shareholders’ participation and online 
remote voting (or voting in absentia) at the 51st AGM in 
accordance with Section 327(1) and (2) of the CA 2016 and Rule 
72 of Sime Darby Property’s Constitution. Shareholders who 
attend the 51st AGM via remote participation will also be able 
to submit questions during the AGM for Sime Darby Property 
to respond. Shareholders are encouraged to take advantage of 
this technology to attend the 51st AGM remotely.
Subsequent to the 50th AGM, an EGM was convened for the 
Proposed Acquisition of Kapar Land, which was also conducted 
in a fully virtual mode with similar meeting proceedings, voting 
by way of poll through remote shareholders’ participation and 
online remote voting (or voting in absentia) using TIIH Online. 
The voting results were announced to Bursa Securities after the 
EGM on the same day. 
KEY FOCUS AREAS AND FUTURE PRIORITIES
The Board will continue its efforts to enhance its corporate 
governance standards and foster a culture that advocates for 
ethical conduct, transparency and sustainable value creation. 
The end goal is to realise long-term shareholder value while 
taking into account the interests of its stakeholders.
SUMMARY
Sime Darby Property has adopted and applied the Practices as 
recommended by the MCCG save for the following:
• Practice 8.2 (Disclosure on a named basis of the Top Five 
Senior Management’s remuneration).
• Step-Up Practice 8.3 (Fully disclose the detailed remuneration 
of each member of senior management on a named basis).
• Step-Up Practice 9.4 (AC should comprise solely of 
Independent Directors).
Please refer to the detailed disclosures of the Company’s 
governance practices in the CG Report which is published on 
the Group’s corporate website.
STATEMENT BY THE BOARD ON COMPLIANCE
The Board has deliberated, reviewed and approved this 
Statement and is satisfied that Sime Darby Property has fulfilled 
its obligations under the relevant paragraphs of the Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Securities, CA 2016, the MCCG and the 
CG Guide – 4th Edition issued by Bursa Malaysia and other 
applicable laws and regulations throughout the FY 31 December 
2023. This CG Overview Statement was approved by the Board 
of Sime Darby Property on 26 March 2024.
249Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 252 ----
This Statement of Risk Management and Internal Control is prepared pursuant to paragraph 15.26 (b) of Bursa Malaysia’s 
Main Market Listing Requirements (“MMLR”) and Principle B, Chapter II, Intended Outcome 10.0, Practices 10.1 and 
10.2 and Guidance 10.1 and 10.2 as set out in the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (“MCCG”) respectively, 
with guidance from Bursa Malaysia’s ‘Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors of 
Listed Issuers’. It outlines the key features of the risk management and internal control framework and system within 
Sime Darby Property Berhad during the financial year under review.
The scope of this disclosure excludes associated companies and joint ventures that are not under the control of the 
Group. 
RESPONSIBILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY
AT BOARD LEVEL
The Board
The Board affirms its overall responsibility for establishing a 
sound and effective risk management, internal control and 
accountability framework and systems, including by reviewing 
the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s governance, risk 
management and internal controls system. The risk appetite of 
the Group has been set by the Board to ensure the Group is 
governed and managed within the parameters and types of risk 
that the Group is willing to accept as it pursues its business and 
strategic objectives. The Board has also ensured that 
Management have provided the necessary assurance that 
sound controls, accountability and reward systems are in place 
to manage the various business operations and governance 
strategies, objectives and commitments that the Group 
undertakes. This will provide the required comfort that 
corresponding strategic and operational risks that would hinder 
the achievements of the set strategies and objectives are 
adequately mitigated within its approved risk appetite and the 
Group’s governance and ethical environment. Any deviation 
from these set controls or risk appetite due to unforeseen 
circumstances will require Board’s approval prior to any 
implementation.
The Board recognises that the Group’s risk management and 
internal controls systems are designed and updated from time 
to time to align with changes in business environment and 
manage the Group’s risk exposure and are not intended to 
eliminate risk. Therefore, the systems can only provide 
reasonable assurance and not absolute assurance against the 
occurrence of any material misstatement, loss or fraud.
In fulfilling its oversight responsibility, the Board, as a whole, 
or through delegation to the Audit Committee (“AC”) and Risk 
Management Committee (“RMC”), reviews the Group’s risk 
management system and internal control systems’ adequacy 
and effectiveness.
Even though the AC and RMC assist the Board in discharging its 
duties, the Board remains responsible for both Board 
committees’ actions. The Board maintains its role in determining 
the Group’s risk appetite, as well as identifying and challenging 
the Group’s key business risks while continuously monitoring 
them to safeguard the Group’s investments and key assets.
Please refer to the Corporate Governance Overview Statement on 
pages 207 to 249 of this Integrated Report for the full list of 
responsibilities of the Board, AC and RMC. 
Audit Committee (“AC”):
One of the main functions of the AC is to assist the Board in 
assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s 
governance, risk management and internal controls systems 
through the operations of internal audit reviews conducted by 
Group Corporate Assurance (“GCA”), internal control 
recommendations prepared by external audits and/or any reviews 
conducted by external consultants/auditors. The members of the 
AC comprise independent non-executive directors.
The AC has actively overseen the independence, scope of work 
and resources of the GCA, and meets periodically to review 
audits and investigation reports prepared by the GCA. The AC 
reviews all significant and material findings highlighted by the 
internal and external auditors to ascertain that the mitigation 
plans are implemented by Management in a timely manner to 
ensure proper upkeep of governance and to safeguard the 
Group’s interests. On an annual basis, the AC holds private 
250
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
“ “
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 253 ----
sessions with the Group’s external auditors and the Chief 
Assurance Officer which allow external and internal auditors to 
provide candid and confidential comments on matters that 
might not have been specifically addressed as part of audits 
conducted without the presence of management. 
Any significant matters relating to internal controls deliberated 
by the AC are brought to the attention of the Board for further 
deliberation, where necessary.
To ensure risk and internal control alignment, the AC is provided 
with a quarterly risk update by Group Risk Management (“GRM”).
Written summaries of key matters discussed by the AC and 
minutes of its meetings are presented to the Board every quarter.
Risk Management Committee (“RMC”):
The RMC’s main function is to support the Board in establishing 
and overseeing the implementation of the Group’s Risk, 
Compliance and Integrity Management Frameworks while 
regularly reviewing the Frameworks to ascertain their adequacy 
and effectiveness. The RMC is chaired by an independent 
director.
In view of the importance of managing sustainability and 
cybersecurity risks, the RMC provides oversight, direction, and 
counsel over the key risk areas related to information 
technology and sustainability on top of other key material 
enterprise and operational risks of the Group.
The RMC provides guidance and assessments through 
engagements with relevant internal stakeholders, reviews  
quarterly risk, compliance and integrity reports and holds 
discussions with the Chief Risk, Integrity and Compliance 
Officer and the Management. The RMC reviews all significant 
and material findings shared by risk and compliance officers to 
ascertain that the mitigation plans implemented by Management 
are adequate to safeguard the Group’s interests and assets. 
The RMC also reviews major investments outside the Group’s 
current business lines and the Management’s assessment of its 
key associated risks (including funding options, costs and 
investment returns) prior to the Board’s approval to ensure 
material risk to the transactions are managed appropriately and 
in line with the Group’s risk appetite.
Similar to the AC, any significant risk-related matters are 
brought to the Board’s attention for deliberation and approval. 
A summary of key matters discussed by the RMC and minutes 
of its meetings are presented to the Board every quarter.
AT OPERATIONAL/IMPLEMENTATION LEVEL
Management
The Management, which is led by the Group Managing Director 
(“GMD”), is accountable to the Board and responsible for 
implementing Board-approved frameworks, policies, and 
procedures on risk management and internal control management.
The Governance Oversight Management Committee (“GOMC”), 
chaired by the GMD, was established to deliberate on risk, 
integrity, compliance and audit matters on a quarterly basis to 
ensure issues highlighted by GCA, GRM and Group Compliance 
Office (“GCO”) are deliberated, monitored and resolved, where 
possible, at the highest level of the Management. 
The Management recognises its role in respect to risk 
management and internal controls which includes:
(i) Identifying and evaluating the risks faced by the Group in 
line with its business objectives, strategies and overall risk 
appetite;
(ii)  Formulating, implementing, and monitoring relevant 
controls, policies and procedures to manage key risks and 
their impact on operating systems and the Group’s 
operating environment;
(iii) Continuously monitoring changes to the risk environment, 
including by identifying key emerging risks, taking 
appropriate mitigation actions and promptly bringing 
these changes to the Board’s attention;
(iv) On a quarterly basis, providing a risk report covering key 
material risks of the Group, including risk mitigation 
measures to the RMC and the Board for further 
deliberation. 
(v)  Monitoring the implementation of related governance 
frameworks and policies to achieve intended objectives;
(vi) Allocating adequate resources to ensure risk management 
and the control environment are operating as intended;
(vii)  Enforcing compliance and a culture of accountability and 
integrity; and
(viii) Promptly addressing any shortcomings or incidents of 
non-compliance with policies and procedures.
 
251Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 254 ----
GRM and GCO:
The GRM and GCO are dedicated functions led by the Chief 
Risk, Integrity and Compliance Officer, who together with GRM 
and GCO, report directly to the RMC, thus enabling them to 
remain objective and independent of Management.
The GRM and GCO are established to coordinate, facilitate and 
support risk management, compliance and integrity frameworks 
and its activities. Pursuant to the Prime Minister’s Directive 
(No.1 of 2018), GCO also functions as the Group’s Integrity & 
Governance Unit (“IGU”), where it is tasked to drive the 
Group’s Anti-Corruption and related Integrity Frameworks.
GRM and GCO Charters have been established to outline the 
functions and duties of GRM and GCO respectively, which are 
subject to RMC’s approval. Both GRM and GCO’s annual scopes 
of work are documented in their annual plans which are 
approved by the RMC after considering the Management’s 
feedback.
Please refer to the RMC Report on pages 242 to 247 of this 
Integrated Report for GRM and GCO’s mandates and key activities 
for the financial year under review. 
GCA:
The GCA is an independent internal audit function which 
provides independent and objective assurance. The GCA helps 
the Group achieve its objectives by bringing a systematic, risk-
based approach to evaluating and improving the effectiveness 
of risk management, control and governance processes.
The GCA, led by the Chief Assurance Officer, reports directly to 
the AC, which allows the GCA to exercise objectivity and 
independence when discharging its duties. The GCA’s internal 
audit work is based on a risk-based annual audit plan approved 
by the AC. Internal audit work covers, amongst others, risk 
exposure and compliance with policies, procedures and relevant 
laws and regulations.
Wherever practical, internal audit findings are benchmarked 
against best practices.
Please refer to the AC Report on pages 238 to 241 of this 
Integrated Report for the GCA’s mandate and key activities for the 
financial year under review. 
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK 
The Group recognises that an embedded Risk Management 
Framework within the Group’s operations is an integral part of 
good corporate governance as it provides insights, improves 
decision making and enhances outcomes. The Group Enterprise 
Risk Management (“ERM”) framework sets out the Group’s risk 
strategy, objectives, risk governance, structure, practices, 
tools, reporting requirements and the roles and responsibilities 
in managing the Group’s current and emerging material risks.
The ERM/Risk Management Framework is designed to be in 
line with principles of ISO 31000 for risk management. One of 
the key features of the ERM is the implementation of five (5) 
lines of defence which establish clear functional responsibilities 
and accountability for the management of risk. The first line of 
defence is Management business and support functions, which 
are responsible for managing enterprise and operational day-
to-day risks that are inherent to business operations as well as 
risks taken in line with the Group’s established strategies, 
objectives, appetite, policies and procedures. The second line 
of defence comprises of the GRM team and relevant support 
functions, which are responsible for assisting Management and 
the Board in establishing the required frameworks, policies and 
procedures to provide governance, oversight, and challenge 
over the risk activities carried out by the first line of defence. 
GCA, being the third line of defence, provides assurance via 
independent assessment, review and validation of risk 
management and governance frameworks, policies, procedures 
and tools, as well as related controls. The RMC and the AC 
support the Board as the fourth line of defence by overseeing 
and assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s 
governance, risk management and internal controls system. The 
Board, being the final fifth line of defence, has overall 
responsibility for the corporate governance, risk management 
and internal control of the Group. The Board ensures that 
Management has put in place sound controls, accountability 
and reward systems to manage the various business operations 
within its approved risk appetite.
The objective of the Group’s Risk Management Framework is to 
provide a structured and consistent approach to risk 
management across the Group, which will allow the Group to 
continue to identify, assess, treat, communicate, monitor and 
review risks impacting its strategic objectives at both enterprise 
and operational levels. The framework adopts both the ‘top-
down strategic’ and ‘bottom-up operational/tactical’ approach 
and spans the entire organisation to address all significant risk 
areas. The systematic and comprehensive (covers all key areas 
of the Group) framework is integrated into the Group’s key 
252
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 255 ----
business processes and activities to ensure risk assessment remains current and reflects the ever-changing business environment , 
and constitutes an integral decision-making tool for the Management. The same framework is also applied when evaluating 
business and investment proposals to ensure that key risks arising from any business and investment decisions are evaluated and 
subsequently managed before any business decisions are made. Through this structure, material risks are consolidated from 
operational to Management level, before being escalated to the RMC and finally to the Board. 
The Group’s key risks are tracked, documented, updated, and formally reported to GOMC, RMC, AC and the Board every quarter, 
or as and when required. The RMC reviews and assesses the mitigation actions to manage the Group’s overall risk exposure to an 
acceptable level and provides the Management with feedback for improvement.
Please refer to Key Risks and Mitigation Strategy on pages 111 to 122 of this Integrated Report for details on the key risk are as impacting  
the Group. 
CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
The Board and Management have taken multiple steps to establish a controlled environment to manage various risks. The key 
elements of the Group’s internal controls are as follows:
The Board has formed various Board Committees such as 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), 
RMC, AC, and the Board Tender Committee to oversee 
specific responsibilities on its behalf. In 2023, the Board 
Sustainability Committee was established to support the 
Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in relation 
to the Group’s Sustainability Strategy and framework.
These Board committees play an oversight role in promoting 
governance, transparency and accountability, including by 
facilitating the decision-making process based on specific 
levels of authority as stipulated in its respective Terms of 
Reference (“TOR”). Any changes to the structure, 
composition and TOR of any Board committee requires the 
Board’s approval.
The Group has established various management 
committees, each chaired by the GMD, to ensure that its 
day-to-day business operations are consistent with the 
corporate objectives, strategies, business plans and 
budgets approved by the Board. These committees bring 
together a wealth of experience and expertise to address 
key matters arising from internal and external operations in 
a more focused, effective and timely manner.
Key management committees include but are not limited 
to the Group Management Committee, Governance 
Oversight Management Committee, Group Investment 
Committee, Group Tender Committee, Development 
Management Committee, Management Sustainability 
Committee and Talent Council.
Board Committees Management Committees
253Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 256 ----
Annual Planning and Budgetary Exercise
The Board deliberates and approves the Group’s annual business plan and budget for the year. The performance achievements 
of the plan and budget are assessed monthly and reported quarterly to the Board to allow for appropriate responses and 
actions to be taken.
Management and Board Monitoring and Reporting
The GMD and Senior Management team, via the Group Management Committee or other Management-level committees, 
review and provide the required intervention and/or approval to various reports pertaining to business and financial 
performance, business propositions, investment and disposal proposals, proposals to launch new products or services and 
various other management reports that highlight either performance indicators or the latest developments in governance and/
or operational areas.
The Group’s quarterly financial statements and performance are reviewed by the AC, which subsequently shares feedback for 
the Board’s consideration and approval.
The Board is provided with and has access to a suite of reports, enabling it to monitor performance against the Group’s 
strategies and operational plans. The Board deliberates on the reports to ensure that appropriate actions are taken to resolve 
issues identified and, where necessary, provides guidance to the Management.
Annual Plan, Budgets and Management Reports
A) Purpose, Vision, Mission and Values
The Purpose, Vision, Mission and Values (“PVMV”) of the Group continues to drive the direction and behaviour expected 
from the Group’s employees. The PVMV adopted by all employees are:
• Purpose – To be a Value Multiplier for People, Businesses, Economies and the Planet
• Vision – Advancing real estate as a force for collective progress, in harmony with the planet’s resources
• Mission – To develop, own and manage a thriving asset portfolio that creates value for all stakeholders
• Values – ‘TEAM’:
   T – Together we do what’s right
   E – We lead with Excellence
   A – We embrace new  A pproaches 
   M – We Make things happen
B) Code of Business Conduct (“COBC”)
The Group continues to uphold its COBC which is designed to clearly articulate the Group’s belief, values and aspirations, 
which in turn define the standards expected of all employees. The COBC covers commitment to our workplace, 
preservation & protection of the Group’s assets and information, fostering open and honest communication, ethical 
conduct, interactions with counterparties, business partners, customers, environment & communities, working with joint 
venture partners & business alliances and when we deal with the Government, regulators, political parties, and 
non-governmental organisations (“NGOs”). The COBC is publicly available on the Group’s website at 
https://www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance.
To ensure they understand and apply the principles articulated in the COBC, employees are required to undertake a 
mandatory annual COBC e-learning and e-assessment.
Values, Code of Conduct and Group Policies
254
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 257 ----
C) Group Policies & Authorities and Limits of Authority
Group Policies & Authorities (“GPA”) is a key component of the Group’s internal control framework and is the highest 
policy level, covering a wide range of areas, including functional policies, ethics and conduct, policies to protect the 
Group’s assets, key Group processes and limits of authority. These policies are supported by the clearly defined delegation 
of authorities which covers, amongst others, spending on operational and capital expenditure, procurement of goods and 
services and committing to investment or divestment. The GPA is reviewed annually and approved by the Board prior to 
its implementation to ensure that it remains effective and relevant to support the Group’s activities and business 
environment.
The Limits of Authority as prescribed in the GPA and extended to all operational areas, where required, form the multi-tier 
authorisation and segregation of duties control process that govern day-to-day operations.
As part of the Group’s ongoing communication and attestation exercise, all employees are required to annually attest their 
compliance with the Group’s Policies and relevant laws and regulations.
Values, Code of Conduct and Group Policies (cont’d)
The Board recognises that a strong compliance culture cultivates high standards of integrity and conduct. The Group’s 
Compliance Policy is based on the premise of shared responsibility where compliance is the responsibility of all staff regardless 
of their position. The Group always strives to comply with its obligations. An event of non-compliance will be corrected 
immediately upon detection.
The Group takes a serious view of its legal and ethical responsibilities. It has taken steps to ensure compliance with internal  
controls, as well as with relevant laws and regulations that govern the business and operations of the Group.
Anti-Bribery and Corruption
The Group has a zero-tolerance stance against any form of bribery and corruption in all its business dealings. To guide the 
Group’s employees on the expected behaviour, practices and approval requirements of these areas, the Group has put in place 
the following policies:
•  Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy
•  Gift, Entertainment & Travel Policy
•  Conflict of Interest Policy
•  Sponsorships and Donations Policy
•  Whistleblowing Policy
•  Anti-Money Laundering Policy
The above policies are reviewed and approved by the Board as part of the suite of policies under the Group’s Policies and 
Authorities.
A summary of the above policies is publicly available on the Group’s website at 
https://www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance.
Ethics and Integrity
255Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 258 ----
Whistleblowing
The Group has put in place a whistleblowing process and channels to support the implementation of the Group’s whistleblowing 
policy. The whistleblowing channels act as an avenue for all internal and external stakeholders to report or raise any suspected 
wrongdoing or misconduct.
The whistleblowing process, including investigations, is managed by GCA under the direct oversight of the AC. The 
whistleblowing policy and related trainings are managed operationally by GCO to ensure it remains relevant, embedded and 
rolled out to all employees of the Group. The direction of any investigations conducted, including whether the investigation 
is to be conducted internally or by an external party, is determined by the AC based on the reports received.
Whistleblowing reports, including the status and outcome of any ongoing investigations are reported to the AC on a quarterly 
basis. Based on the results of any ongoing investigations, the AC determines the next course of action, which may include the 
closure of the reported cases.
The Board is informed on material whistleblowing cases by the Chairman of the AC.
The Group’s whistleblowing hotlines are publicly available on the Group’s website at 
https://www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance.
Ethics and Integrity (cont’d)
Ethical behaviour is a cornerstone of the Group’s values. The expected behaviour is cascaded to the Group’s supply chain 
through the Vendor Code of Business Conduct (“Vendor COBC”)  as the Group strives to develop, work, strengthen and 
maintain a mutually beneficial relationship with counterparties that share the same values and practices, while recognising 
that some values and business practices of counterparties may vary and significantly impact the Group. As such, the Group’s 
Vendor COBC was developed to provide clarity on the Group’s expectations with regards to the Group’s counterparties’ 
behaviour and conduct when working with, providing goods/services or entering into any business transactions with 
the Group.
Counterparties are expected to read, understand and acknowledge acceptance of the expected behaviour and practices by 
signing the Vendor Integrity Pledge (“VIP”). The VIP is a formal affirmation from the counterparty that they will comply with, 
respect and uphold the principles of the Vendor COBC, as well as all applicable laws and regulations, especially those relating  
to Anti-Bribery and Corruption.
The Vendor COBC and VIP is publicly accessible on the Group’s website at 
https://www.simedarbyproperty.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance.
Working with Counterparties
256
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 259 ----
Adequacy and Effectiveness of Internal Controls, Policies, and Procedures
The adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s internal controls, policies and procedures are subjected to on-going monitoring 
by the Group’s second line of defence (i.e., GRM and GCO) and assessment as to the level of compliance by the Group’s third 
line of defence (i.e., GCA).
GCA, the Group’s in-house internal audit team, helps the Group achieve its objectives by bringing a systematic and disciplined 
risk-based approach to evaluating the effectiveness of existing risk management, control and governance processes. The 
GCA’s annual audit plan is reviewed and approved by the AC, and achievements against plans outlined in audits are monitored 
every quarter. Audit findings are presented to the AC every quarter for their review and deliberation before it is tabled at 
Board meetings. Further details of activities undertaken by the AC can be found in the AC Report.
These three (3) independent functions assist the Board in discharging its oversight responsibilities on the risk management 
and internal controls system’s adequacy and effectiveness.
As part of its audit process, the Group’s external auditors also provide the Management and the AC with observations and 
recommendations to enhance the Group’s control environment, where applicable.
Managing Unethical Practices and Material Non-compliance
The Group is committed to an ethical way of conducting its business and operations. Accordingly, it takes a serious view of 
any violation to the Group’s COBC, policies or applicable laws and regulations. The Group has disciplinary procedures to deal 
with any violation. Material cases are also reported to the Board to ensure it has an overview of the ethical climate within  
the Group.
Adequacy and Effectiveness of Internal Controls, Policies and Procedures
The Group manages its human capital requirements and its corresponding risks according to its operational needs. It considers 
the human resource development to ensure that it retains a highly engaged workforce and is able to continuously attract top 
talents. The Group continues to review its workforce requirements and its benefits and rewards framework to ensure that 
roles are adequately created, sized and compensated to drive a high-performance culture and cultivate a workforce capable 
of adapting to future changes and innovation.
The Group has:
•  Incorporated our T.E.A.M. Values in HR practices to inculcate the right behaviours and culture in the organisation.
•  Various frameworks, policies, and operating procedures on workforce planning, talent acquisition and management, 
performance management, learning and development, and employment practices to manage people-related risks and to 
ensure compliance with all applicable employment laws.
•  A structured screening and interview process in the hiring and placement of candidates to ensure their talents match job 
functions.
•  Defined and communicated job descriptions and responsibilities of approved positions on its internal online platform: HR 
on Cloud.
•  Various in-house and external training programmes for employees at all levels to enhance competencies, knowledge and 
skills, as well as a leadership curriculum that is aimed at equipping managers with tools to coach, develop and retain 
talents.
•  A comprehensive Human Resource (“HR”) system that enables faster turnaround time for key HR processes and empowers 
line managers to make informed decisions on people processes. The platform also provides transparency in the flow of 
decision making and minimises dependence on physical paper trails.
•  Integrated the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and appreciation of Risk and Compliance in our new joiners’ 
onboarding programme to assist them in acclimating to their work environment.
Human Capital Management
257Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 260 ----
MATERIAL JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
This statement does not cover the risk management, internal controls framework and processes of the Group’s material joint 
ventures and associates as these areas fall within the control of their shareholders and management.
The Group safeguards its interests in those entities by appointing representatives on their respective boards and, in some case s, 
through their management or operational committees. The representatives provide the Board with performance-related 
information to enable informed and timely decision-making on the Group’s investments in such companies.
REVIEW OF THIS STATEMENT
As required by Paragraph 15.23 of the Bursa Malaysia’s MMLR, external auditors have reviewed this Statement on Risk 
Management and Internal Control. Their limited assurance review was performed in accordance with Audit and Assurance Practice 
Guide (“AAPG”) 3, Guidance for Auditors on Engagements to Report on the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control 
issued by the Malaysian Institute of Accountants and included in the Group’s Integrated Report for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023. 
AAPG 3 does not require external auditors to form an opinion on the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and 
internal control systems of the Group including the assessment and statements by the Board and management thereon. 
The auditors are also not required to consider whether the processes described to deal with material internal control aspects of 
any significant problems disclosed in the integrated report will, in fact, remedy the problems.
The Group has established and put in place sufficient insurance coverage and physical safeguards on the Group’s major assets 
to ensure that the Group’s assets are adequately covered against mishaps that could result in material loss. Corresponding 
insurance coverage is also put in place by the Group’s main contractors to ensure its construction and operational sites have 
adequate coverage to reduce any material losses arising from any mishaps at site.
A yearly review on the adequacy of coverage is conducted prior to the renewal of the Group’s insurance coverages.
Insurance
Reporting to Shareholders and Other Stakeholders
The Group has established processes and procedures to ensure that Quarterly and Annual Reports, which cover the Group’s 
performance, are submitted to Bursa Malaysia for release to shareholders and stakeholders on a timely basis. The Board 
reviews all Quarterly Results prior to their announcements.
The Group’s Integrated Report is issued to shareholders within the stipulated time as prescribed under Bursa Malaysia’s MMLR.
Communication and Reporting
258
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control

---- Page 261 ----
ASSURANCE FROM MANAGEMENT
The Board has received reasonable assurance from the GMD and Group Chief Financial Officer that the Group’s existing risk 
management and internal controls system is operating adequately and effectively in all material aspects. The Management has also 
committed to continuously review and strengthen the Group’s risk management and internal controls system to ensure its 
adequacy and robustness.
CONCLUSION 
The Board recognises that the Group’s risk management and internal controls system, however well-designed, can only provide 
reasonable and not absolute assurance against the occurrence of any material misstatement, loss or fraud. 
The Board, having taken into consideration the assurance from the Management and input from relevant assurance providers, is of  
the view that the Group’s risk management and internal control system in place for the financial year under review and up to th e 
date of approval of this statement for inclusion in the Integrated Report, is generally adequate and effective to safeguard the  
interest of shareholders and assets of the Group.
The Board, together with AC and RMC continues to be committed to maintaining as far as is practical, a sound system of risk 
management and internal controls that is reflective of current business needs and can support the achievements of the Group’s 
strategic objectives.
This statement was approved by the Board on 26 March 2024.
259Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 262 ----
The information set out below is disclosed in compliance with the Main Market Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad
1. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS
There were no proceeds raised from corporate proposals 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
2. AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES
The amount of audit and non-audit fees paid to external 
auditors by the Group and the Company for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Group
RM’000
Company
RM’000
– Audit fees 2,249 360
– Other assurance related fees 357 270
– Non-Audit fees 67 10
Services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT are not 
prohibited by regulatory and other professional 
requirements and are based on globally practiced 
guidelines on auditors’ independence.
3. MATERIAL CONTRACTS INVOLVING DIRECTORS’ AND 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
Save as disclosed, there are no material contracts entered 
into by the Group involving the interest of Directors and 
Major Shareholders, either still subsisting at the end of the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 or entered into 
since the end of the previous financial period:
(i) Shareholders’ Agreement for the Set Up Of Industrial 
Development Funds
Sime Darby Property (Capital Holdings) Pte Ltd (“SDPCH”), 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sime Darby Property had, on 
29 September 2021, entered into a shareholders’ 
agreement with LOGOS SE Asia Pte Ltd (“LOGOS 
Property”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of LOGOS Group 
Property Limited to govern the parties’ relationship as 
shareholders to a new joint venture company named 
Industrial Joint Venture (Holdings) Pte Ltd (now known as 
SDPLOG – IDF 1 (JV Holdings) Pte Ltd) (“JV Co ”) (“ Joint 
Venture”), on a 51% (SDPCH): 49% (LOGOS Property) 
basis.
JV Co was incorporated in Singapore for the purpose of 
providing fund management and development services to 
industrial development funds established by the Joint 
Venture.
Sime Darby Property’s share of equity requirements of the 
JV Co and its subsidiaries, which are expected to be 
minimal at RM2 million, will be raised via internally 
generated funds.
None of the directors or major shareholders of Sime Darby 
Property or persons connected with them has any interest, 
direct or indirect, in the Joint Venture.
(ii) Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement
On 19 August 2021, the SDPLOG – IDF 1 (GP) Pte Ltd 
(“General Partner ”) and Sime Darby Property Ventures 
(HK) Limited (the “ Initial Limited Partner ”), a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Sime Darby Property had entered 
into an Initial Limited Partnership Agreement to form the 
inaugural Sime Darby Property – LOGOS Property 
Industrial Development Fund 1 LP (formerly known as 
Sime Darby Property Industrial Development Fund LP) 
(“Fund”). The Fund was formed and registered in Singapore 
as a limited partnership pursuant to the Limited Partnership 
Act 2008 and Limited Partnership Regulations of Singapore 
on 19 August 2021 under the name of Sime Darby Property 
Industrial Development Fund LP with registration number 
T21LP0099B. The Fund assumed its present name on 
20 June 2022. The aggregate capital commitments of the 
Fund is up to US$250 million.
Subsequently on 20 June 2022, the General Partner, the 
Initial Limited Partner, Sime Darby Property Ventures 
(MY) Sdn Bhd (“SDP Special Limited Partner ”), a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Sime Darby Property and LOGOS 
Malaysia Sponsor Investments Pte Ltd (“LOGOS Special 
Limited Partner”), entered into a Deed of Accession and 
Withdrawal to permit the admission of the SDP Special 
Limited Partner and the LOGOS Special Limited Partner 
into the Fund.
260
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Additional Compliance Information

---- Page 263 ----
 On 23 June 2022, the General Partner, SDP Special 
Limited Partner, LOGOS Special Limited Partner, Ombak 
Real Estate 2 Sdn Bhd (“OMBAK ”), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“ PNB”) and 
Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) (“ KWAP”) 
entered into an Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement to effect the admission of OMBAK 
and KWAP as anchor investors for the first close of  
the Fund.
 PNB and Amanahraya Trustees Berhad – Amanah Saham 
Bumputera (“ASB”) are deemed interested in the Amended 
and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement. OMBAK is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of PNB.
 PNB is a person connected with ASB and is a substantial 
shareholder of Sime Darby Property.
 ASB is a major shareholder and also the largest shareholder 
of Sime Darby Property.
(iii) Donation Agreement
 Sime Darby Property had, on 2 June 2023 (“ Effective 
Date”) entered into a donation agreement (“ Donation 
Agreement”) with Yayasan Sime Darby (“ Foundation ”) 
where Sime Darby Property endeavours to make an annual 
cash donation of 3% of Sime Darby Property’s Profit After 
Tax and Minority Interest (“PATAMI”), subject to an annual 
minimum of RM5,000,000 and annual maximum of 
RM30,000,000 to the Foundation for a term of four (4) 
years with effect from the Effective Date (unless extended 
by mutual agreement of the parties) in accordance with the 
terms and conditions therein contained. The Foundation is 
a company limited by guarantee incorporated under the 
Companies Act 1965 and deemed incorporated under the 
Companies Act 2016. 
 All the donations received and all amounts earned by 
investing such donations, if any, will be used by the 
Foundation to support and promote activities carried out 
by the Foundation in the five (5) key areas of Education, 
Community & Health, Environment, Sports and Arts & 
Culture (Foundation’s Pillars) to further the charitable 
intent established by the governing council of the 
Foundation (“Governing Council”) (Agreed Purpose).
 In accordance with the terms of Donation Agreement, 
Sime Darby Property is a group (corporate) member of the 
Foundation and is entitled to nominate and appoint one 
(1) representative to attend all general meetings of the 
Foundation and to nominate one (1) representative as a 
director to sit on the Governing Council, which will enable 
it to monitor and ensure that the monies donated are 
utilised by the Foundation solely for the Agreed Purpose. 
The other (corporate) members of the Foundation are 
Sime Darby Berhad and Sime Darby Plantation Berhad.
 The annual cash donation is to be paid by Sime Darby 
Property to the Foundation in two (2) tranches, i.e., on or 
before 7 March and 7 September. If Sime Darby Property 
fails to make the annual cash donation to the Foundation 
in accordance with the Donation Agreement, the Governing 
Council will convene a meeting to deliberate and decide 
on the actions to be taken, including any modification to 
the amount or timing of the donation, suspension of the 
donation by Sime Darby Property or termination of the 
Donation Agreement. The decision of the Governing 
Council will be final and binding.
 PNB is a person connected with ASB and is a substantial 
shareholder of Sime Darby Property. 
 ASB is a major shareholder and also the largest shareholder 
of Sime Darby Property. 
4. CONTRACTS RELATING TO LOANS
 There were no contracts relating to loans by the Group 
involving interests of Directors and Major Shareholders 
during the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
5. RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 The Group has established appropriate procedures to 
ensure that all Related Party Transactions (“ RPTs”) and 
recurrent RPTs are tracked and recorded in compliance 
with the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad. The Report on RPTs and 
recurrent RPTs is submitted to the Audit Committee on a 
quarterly basis for monitoring purposes.
 The significant related party transactions pursuant to 
MFRS 124 are disclosed under Notes to the Financial 
Statements 2023.
 The Company did not seek the approval of its shareholders 
on any mandate for its recurrent RPTs during the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023. 
261Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 264 ----
263 Statement of Responsibility by the 
Board of Directors
264 Directors’ Report
268 Statement by Directors
268 Statutory Declaration
269 Independent Auditors’ Report
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
276 Statements of Profit or Loss
277 Statements of Comprehensive Income
278 Statements of Financial Position
282 Statements of Changes in Equity
284 Statements of Cash Flows
287 Notes to the Financial Statements
Financial 
Statements

---- Page 265 ----
The Directors are responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair representation of the annual financial statements of Sime  
Darby Property Berhad Group. As required by the Companies Act, 2016 (the Act) in Malaysia and the Main Market Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, as 
presented on pages 276 to 383, have been prepared in accordance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International 
Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Act.
The Directors consider that in preparing the financial statements, the Group and the Company have used the appropriate 
accounting policies, which are consistently applied and supported by reasonable and prudent judgements and estimates.
The Directors are satisfied that the information contained in the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financi al 
position of the Group and of the Company at the end of the financial year and of the financial performance and cash flows for t he 
financial year.
The Directors have responsibility for ensuring that proper accounting records are kept. The accounting records should disclose 
with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Group and the Company and to enable the Directors to ensure that the 
financial statements comply with the Act. The Directors have the general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably 
open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.
263Integrated Report 2023
Statement of Responsibility by the Board of Directors
In Respect of the Audited Financial Statement for the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 266 ----
The Directors are pleased to present their Report together with the audited financial statements of the Group and the Company f or 
the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is principally engaged in the business of investment holding, property development and provision of management 
services. The principal activities of the Group are divided into three segments namely property development, investment and asset 
management, and leisure. The principal activities of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as stated in Note 44 t o the 
financial statements.
There has been no significant change in the principal activities of the Group and the Company during the financial year.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
The results of the Group and the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Group Company
RM thousand RM thousand
Profit before taxation  610,306  252,553 
Taxation  (192,776)  (15,056)
Profit for the financial year  417,530  237,497 
Profit for the financial year attributable to:
– owners of the Company  407,914  237,497 
– non-controlling interests  9,616  – 
Profit for the financial year  417,530  237,497 
In the opinion of the Directors, the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company during the financial year were n ot 
substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature. 
DIVIDENDS
Since the end of the previous financial year, the Company had declared and paid the following dividends:
RM thousand
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022, second single tier dividend of 
1.0 sen per ordinary share which was paid on 28 March 2023 68,008 
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023, a single tier dividend of 
1.0 sen per ordinary share which was paid on 19 October 2023 68,008 
136,016 
The Board of Directors had on 23 February 2024, declared a second single tier dividend in respect of the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 of 1.5 sen per ordinary share amounting to RM102.0 million. The second single tier dividend is payable on
8 May 2024 to shareholders whose names appeared in the Record of Depositors and Register of Members of the Company at the close  
of business on 15 April 2024.
264
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Directors’ Report
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 267 ----
RESERVES AND PROVISIONS
All material transfers to or from reserves and provisions during the financial year have been disclosed in the financial statem ents.
SHARE CAPITAL AND DEBENTURES 
The Company issued RM600.0 million in nominal value Islamic Medium Term Notes ("IMTN ") under its existing RM4,500.0 million 
IMTN (Sukuk Musharakah) Programme on 21 August 2023. The terms of the issuance are disclosed in Note 34(d) to the financial 
statements. The proceeds from issuance of the Sukuk Musharakah were largely used to part fund the Group’s land acquisitions.
There were no other issuances of shares and debentures during the financial year.
DIRECTORS
The Directors who have held office since the end of the previous financial year are as follows:
Dato’ Rizal Rickman Ramli (Chairman)
Dato’ Azmir Merican Azmi Merican (Group Managing Director)
Dato’ Soam Heng Choon
Tengku Datuk Seri Ahmad Shah Alhaj ibni Almarhum Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Alhaj
Tan Sri Jaganath Derek Steven Sabapathy
Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan
Datin Norazah Mohamed Razali
Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla
Dato’ Hamidah Naziadin
Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin
Nur Farahbi Shaari (Appointed on 1 September 2023)
Khalid Mohammed Noor (Alternate Director to Nur Farahbi Shaari) (Appointed on 1 September 2023)
By way of relief order dated 30 January 2024, granted by the Companies Commission of Malaysia, the names of directors of subsid iary 
companies as required under Section 253(2) of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia are not disclosed in this Report. Their names are 
set out in the respective subsidiaries directors’ report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and the said information  is 
deemed incorporated herein by such reference and shall form part hereof.
DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS
Details of Directors’ remuneration are as follows:
Group/Company
RM thousand
Fees  3,671 
Salaries, allowances and bonus  5,193 
Defined contribution plan  753 
Long-term employee benefits  2,113 
 11,730 
Estimated monetary value of benefits received by the Directors from the Company amounted to RM213,500. The Directors did not 
receive any benefits from the subsidiaries. Details of the Directors’ remuneration and benefits is disclosed in Note 10 to the financial 
statements.
Directors’ Report
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
265Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 268 ----
DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
Since the end of the previous financial year, no Director of the Company has received or become entitled to receive any benefit  by 
reason of a contract made by the Company or a related corporation with the Director or with a firm of which the Director is a m ember, 
or with a company in which the Director has a substantial financial interest except for any benefits which may be deemed to hav e 
arisen from the transactions disclosed in Note 40 to the financial statements.
During and at the end of the financial year, no arrangements subsisted to which the Company is a party, with the object or obje cts 
of enabling Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company  or 
any other body corporate.
The Directors and Officers of the Group and the Company are covered by Directors and Officers liability insurance for any liabi lity 
incurred in the discharge of their duties, provided that they have not acted fraudulently or dishonestly or derived any persona l profit 
or advantage. The insurance is maintained on a group basis by the Company and the total premium incurred during the financial y ear 
amounted to RM158,958.
DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN SHARES
According to the Register of Directors’ Shareholdings, none of the Directors in office at the end of the financial year had any  interest 
in shares in, or debentures of, the Company during the financial year.
STATUTORY INFORMATION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
a. Before the financial statements of the Group and the Company were made out, the Directors took reasonable steps:
i. to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the making of provision 
for doubtful debts, and satisfied themselves that all known bad debts had been written off and adequate provision had 
been made for doubtful debts; and
ii. to ensure that any current assets, which were unlikely to realise in the ordinary course of business, their values as shown 
in the accounting records of the Group and of the Company, have been written down to amounts which the current 
assets might be expected so to realise.
b. At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances:
i. which would render the amounts written off for bad debts or the amounts of the provision for doubtful debts in the 
financial statements of the Group and of the Company inadequate to any substantial extent; or 
ii. which would render the values attributed to current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company 
misleading; or
iii. which have arisen which would render adherence to the existing method of valuation of assets or liabilities of the Group 
and of the Company misleading or inappropriate.
c. As at the date of this Report:
i. there are no charges on the assets of the Group and of the Company which have arisen since the end of the financial 
year to secure the liability of any other person; and
ii. there are no contingent liabilities in the Group and in the Company which have arisen since the end of the financial year 
other than those arising in the ordinary course of business.
Directors’ Report
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
266
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 269 ----
STATUTORY INFORMATION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
d. At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt with in the Report or 
financial statements which would render any amount stated in the financial statements misleading.
e. In the opinion of the Directors:
i. no contingent or other liability has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable within the period of twelve 
months after the end of the financial year which will or may affect the ability of the Group and of the Company to meet 
their obligations as and when they fall due; and
ii. except as disclosed in financial statements, no item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature has arisen in 
the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this Report which is likely to affect substantially the 
results of the operations of the Group and of the Company for the financial year in which this Report is made.
IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANIES
The Directors regard Permodalan Nasional Berhad as the Company’s immediate holding company and Yayasan Pelaburan Bumiputra 
as its ultimate holding company. Both companies are incorporated in Malaysia.
AUDITORS
The auditors’ remuneration of the Group and the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to RM2.8 million 
and RM0.6 million respectively.
The auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (LLP0014401-LCA & AF1146) have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment 
as auditors.
This Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2024.
DATO’ RIZAL RICKMAN RAMLI  DATO’ AZMIR MERICAN AZMI MERICAN
Chairman Group Managing Director
Petaling Jaya
26 March 2024
Directors’ Report
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
267Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 270 ----
We, Dato’ Rizal Rickman Ramli and Dato’ Azmir Merican Azmi Merican, being two of the Directors of Sime Darby Property Berhad, 
hereby state that, in the opinion of the Directors, the financial statements set out on pages 276 to 383 are drawn up in accord ance 
with the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies 
Act 2016 in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and the Company as at 31 Decembe r 
2023 and of the financial performance of the Group and the Company for the financial year ended on that date. 
Signed on behalf of the Board of Directors of Sime Darby Property Berhad and dated on 26 March 2024.
DATO’ RIZAL RICKMAN RAMLI DATO’ AZMIR MERICAN AZMI MERICAN
Chairman Group Managing Director
Petaling Jaya
268
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Statement by Directors
Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016
Statutory Declaration
Pursuant to Section 251(1) of the Companies Act 2016
I, Betty Lau Sui Hing, the Officer primarily responsible for the financial management of Sime Darby Property Berhad, do solemnl y and 
sincerely declare that, the financial statements set out on pages 276 to 383 are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, corre ct and 
I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the provisions of the Statutory 
Declarations Act, 1960 in Malaysia.
BETTY LAU SUI HING 
(MIA No. 8511)
Group Chief Financial Officer
Subscribed and solemnly declared by the abovenamed Betty Lau Sui Hing, at Petaling Jaya in the state of Selangor Darul Ehsan on  
26 March 2024.
Before me:
COMMISSIONER FOR OATHS

---- Page 271 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Our opinion
In our opinion, the financial statements of Sime Darby Property Berhad ("the Company") and its subsidiaries ("the Group") give a 
true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2023, and of their financial 
performance and their cash flows for the financial year then ended in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, 
International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
What we have audited
We have audited the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, which comprise the statements of financial position 
as at 31 December 2023 of the Group and of the Company, and the statements of profit or loss, statements of comprehensive 
income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then 
ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, as set out on pages 276 to 383.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing. 
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the "Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements" section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence and other ethical responsibilities
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and 
Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants ("By-Laws") and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ 
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) ("IESBA Code"), and 
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code.
Our audit approach
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company. In particular, we considered where the Directors made subjective judgements; for 
example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are 
inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, includin g 
among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due 
to fraud.
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the financial 
statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group and of the Company, the accounting processes and controls , 
and the industry in which the Group and the Company operate.
269Integrated Report 2023
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the members of Sime Darby Property Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia) Registration No. 197301002148 (15631-P)

---- Page 272 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financia l 
statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year. These matters were addressed in the context of our 
audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Revenue and cost recognition – property development 
activities
The Group and the Company recognise revenue and costs 
relating to the property development activities using the 
stage of completion method.
The stage of completion is measured using the output 
method, which is based on the level of completion of the 
development phase of the project as certified by professional 
consultants.
The Group and the Company recognised revenue of 
RM2,974.8 million and RM219.7 million respectively and 
costs of RM2,066.9 million and RM137.5 million respectively 
from property development activities recognised over time 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Revenue and cost recognised on property development 
activities have an inherent risk as it involves judgement and 
estimates. We focused on this area because there is key 
judgement involved in determining the following:
• Stage of completion;
• Extent of property development costs incurred to date; 
• Estimated total property development costs;
• Estimation of provision due to liquidated ascertained 
damages as a reduction of revenue; and
• Estimation of common costs allocation to the project 
phases from the total budgeted common costs attributable 
to the respective property development projects.
Refer to Notes 4(a), 6 and 7 to the financial statements.
We performed the following audit procedures:
• We tested the operating effectiveness of the key controls in 
respect of the review and approval of project cost budgets to 
assess the reliability of these budgets, including the total 
estimated property development cost and the control over 
the extent of costs incurred for work done to-date.
• We checked the stage of completion of property development 
projects, on a sample basis, to certifications from professional 
consultants (i.e. internal or external quantity surveyors).
• We agreed, on a sample basis, costs incurred to supporting 
documentation such as contractor claim certificates and 
invoices from vendors.
• We checked the reasonableness of the estimated total property 
development costs of major projects, allocation of common 
costs and subsequent changes to the costs by checking to 
supporting documentation such as approved budgets, letter of 
awards, contracts, quotations, correspondences, and variation 
orders with contractors.
• We tested on a sample basis, actual sales of development 
properties to signed sales and purchase agreements.
• In instances where projects have been delayed, we have 
tested management’s estimates of the liquidated ascertained 
damages provisions required to supporting documentation 
such as project progress report, extension of time approvals, 
legal opinion, correspondence with the relevant parties, 
where applicable.
• On a test basis, we checked the mathematical accuracy of the 
percentage of completion and tested that the percentage of 
revenue and costs recognised in the statements of 
comprehensive income is mathematically accurate. We also 
tested the journal entries to ensure the revenue and costs are 
recorded appropriately.
Based on the above procedures performed, we noted no 
material exceptions.
270
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the members of Sime Darby Property Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia) Registration No. 197301002148 (15631-P)

---- Page 273 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matters (continued)
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Fair value of Investment Properties
Investment properties of the Group are measured at fair 
value except for investment properties under construction 
which are measured at cost until either the fair value 
becomes reliably determinable or when construction is 
completed, whichever is earlier.
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s investment properties, 
which are carried at fair value, amounted to RM1,136.1 
million. The valuation of the Group’s investment properties 
were performed by independent external valuers. The 
valuers have considered factors related to the investment 
properties’ overall condition and demand as a whole in 
arriving at the fair values.
We focused on this area due to complexities in determining 
the fair value of the investment properties, which involved 
significant estimates and judgements in determining the 
appropriate valuation methodology and the underlying 
assumptions to be applied, which include amongst others, 
estimated rental revenues, yield rates, reversion rates and 
void rates which are based on current and future market or 
economic conditions.
Refer to Notes 4(c) and 20 to the financial statements.
We performed the following audit procedures:
• We read the valuation reports issued by independent external 
valuers from management. Based on these reports, we 
discussed and assessed the appropriateness of the valuation 
methodology and assumptions used in the valuation by the 
independent external valuers.
• We assessed the independent external valuers’ competency, 
capabilities and objectivity by checking the valuers’ 
qualification and their registration to the respective boards.
• We carried out the following procedures to assess the inputs 
underpinning the valuation of the investment properties:
– Tested the accuracy of rental rates, rental periods, net 
lettable area and outgoing expenses to the underlying 
tenancy agreements where applicable, and held 
discussions with valuers to understand the factors they 
have considered in adjusting the inputs, including any 
market factors;
– Benchmarked the term yield, reversion yield and allowance 
for void used by the valuers to comparable properties; 
– Discussed with valuers to understand the basis of 
adjustments made to transacted price per square foot of 
comparable peers by considering factors related to the 
characteristics of each individual property, such as 
location, accessibility to the location, size, tenure and 
comparable transaction dates; and
– Challenged the valuers on certain key inputs and estimates 
used in consideration of the current market conditions.
• For investment properties under construction, we assessed 
management’s justification to support the basis that the 
properties cannot be measured reliably.
• We assessed the adequacy of the disclosure and sensitivity 
analysis prepared by management on the key parameters 
underpinning the valuation, where applicable.
Based on the above procedures performed, we did not identify 
any material exceptions.
271Integrated Report 2023
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the members of Sime Darby Property Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia) Registration No. 197301002148 (15631-P)

---- Page 274 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matters (continued)
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Recoverability of properties under development and 
completed properties held for sale
The Group and the Company have RM6,250.6 million and 
RM1,259.4 million of properties under development 
respectively, as well as RM243.4 million and RM6.0 million of 
completed properties held for sale respectively as at the 
reporting date.
The carrying amounts of the properties under development 
and completed properties held for sale have been classified 
as inventories in the financial statements of the Group and of 
the Company.
The recoverability of properties under development and 
completed properties held for sale are assessed based on 
estimation of the net realisable value ("NRV") of the 
underlying properties. This involves considerable analyses of 
estimated costs to completion, committed contracts and 
expected future selling price based on prevailing market 
conditions such as current market prices of comparable 
standards and locations.
We focused on the recoverability of the carrying amount of 
inventories because of the estimates made by management 
in determining the net realisable values of inventories. Based 
on management’s assessment, the Group and the Company 
recognised a write-down of RM8.8 million and RM Nil 
respectively; and a write-off of RM10.5 million and RM Nil 
million respectively in respect of inventories during the 
financial year.
Refer to Notes 4(b), 7 and 21 to the financial statements.
We performed the following audit procedures:
• We discussed with management on the basis used to write-
down inventories at period end to its NRV.
• For properties under development, we tested the operating 
effectiveness of the key control in respect of the review and 
approval of project cost budgets to assess the reliability of 
these budgets and the determination of the extent of costs 
incurred to-date.
• Based on the approved project cost budgets, on a sample 
basis, we assessed the profitability of the projects for 
indication of NRV.
• For those unsold completed development units which have 
recent sale transactions, we compared the carrying amount of 
these completed development units, on a sample basis, to the 
selling prices stated in the signed sale and purchase agreements, 
net of discounts given and an estimated cost to sell. 
• For those unsold completed development units which did not 
have recent sale transactions, on a sample basis, we obtained 
the recently transacted prices of comparable development 
units in similar or nearby locations, and taking into 
consideration of the estimated cost necessary to complete 
the sales.
Based on the above procedures performed, we did not identify 
any material exceptions.
272
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the members of Sime Darby Property Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia) Registration No. 197301002148 (15631-P)

---- Page 275 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matters (continued)
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Impairment assessments of non-financial assets  
with impairment indicators
Management performed impairment assessments of the  
non-financial assets of the Group and of the Company, which 
had impairment indicators.
Management prepared projected cash flows for impairment 
assessment of the non-financial assets of the Group and of 
the Company. As a result, an impairment loss on property, 
plant and equipment of RM0.5 million and net impairment 
loss on investment in subsidiaries of RM93.8 million were 
recorded in the financial statements of the Group and 
Company respectively for the financial year ended  
31 December 2023.
We focused on this area as the recoverable amounts of the 
non-financial assets are determined based on assessment of 
projected cash flow, in which the computation of the 
recoverable amount involves significant judgements and 
estimates.
Refer to Notes 4(d), 13, 19 and 22 to the financial statements.
We performed the following audit procedures:
• In determining the recoverable amounts of the non-financial 
assets, we have considered the following:
– The cash flows available for distribution to the Group and 
the Company; and
– The reliability and reasonableness of management’s cash 
flows projections against the approved project’s 
profitabilty; and
– Latest available external valuation and benchmarked 
comparable market price of the surrounding areas; and 
confirmation from external valuer of the relevance of 
external valuation performed in the past.
• Evaluated the input used in management’s cash flows 
projections including timing of the completion of respective 
project phases and discount rate adopted.
• Assessed the adequacy and reasonableness of the disclosures 
in the financial statements.
Based on the above procedures performed, we did not identify 
any material exceptions.
Information other than the financial statements and auditors’ report thereon
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Statement on Risk 
Management and Internal Control, Risk Management Committee Report, Directors’ Report, Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement and Management Discussion and Analysis, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditors’ report, and Audit 
Committee Report, Sustainability Report, Chairman’s Message and other sections of the 2023 Integrated Report, which are 
expected to be made available to us after that date. Other information does not include the financial statements of the Group and 
of the Company and our auditors’ report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not 
and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility is to read the oth er 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements of the 
Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditors’ report, w e 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to 
report in this regard.
273Integrated Report 2023
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the members of Sime Darby Property Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia) Registration No. 197301002148 (15631-P)

---- Page 276 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting 
Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. The Directors are also responsible for such internal control 
as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s 
and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using  
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing, we 
exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
(a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
(b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate i n 
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and of the Company’s 
internal control.
(c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Directors.
(d) Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Group’s or on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we 
are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the financial statements of the Group and 
of the Company or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group or the 
Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
274
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the members of Sime Darby Property Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia) Registration No. 197301002148 (15631-P)

---- Page 277 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (continued)
(e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, 
including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
(f) Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities wit hin 
the Group to express an opinion on the financial statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, 
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, 
and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the  
financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year and are therefore the key audit matters. We  
describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, i n 
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, we report that the subsidiaries of which we have not  
acted as auditors, are disclosed in Note 44 to the financial statements.
OTHER MATTERS
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act 2016 
in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS PLT MAHESH A/L RAMESH
LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146 03428/04/2025 J
Chartered Accountants Chartered Accountant
Kuala Lumpur
26 March 2024
275Integrated Report 2023
Independent Auditors’ Report
To the members of Sime Darby Property Berhad
(Incorporated in Malaysia) Registration No. 197301002148 (15631-P)

---- Page 278 ----
Note
Group Company
2023 2022
Restated
2023 2022
Revenue 6 3,436,947 2,742,136 781,371 642,672
Cost of sales 7 (2,427,994) (1,915,563) (138,524) (123,053)
Gross profit 1,008,953 826,573 642,847 519,619
Other operating (expenses)/income 8 (9,806) (29,233) 2,625 2,349
Marketing and selling expenses 9 (149,857) (118,065) (19,561) (17,035)
Administrative and other expenses 9 (242,866) (243,036) (250,057) (287,752)
Operating profit 606,424 436,239 375,854 217,181
Share of results of joint ventures 11 (58,051) (27,756) – –
Share of results of associates 12 5,309 1,661 – –
Other gains/(losses) 13 16,630 40,093 (122,672) 41,646
Profit before interest and taxation 570,312 450,237 253,182 258,827
Finance income 14 113,663 105,996 64,036 58,688
Finance costs 15 (73,669) (97,373) (64,665) (54,809)
Profit before taxation 610,306 458,860 252,553 262,706
Taxation 16 (192,776) (147,162) (15,056) (1,384)
Profit for the financial year 417,530 311,698 237,497 261,322
Profit for the financial year attributable to: 
– owners of the Company 407,914 315,839 237,497 261,322
– non-controlling interests 9,616 (4,141) – –
417,530 311,698 237,497 261,322
Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable 
to owners of the Company (Sen) 17 6.0 4.6
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
276
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Statements of Profit or Loss
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 279 ----
Note
Group Company
2023 2022
Restated
2023 2022
Profit for the financial year 417,530 311,698 237,497 261,322 
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Items which will subsequently be reclassified to 
profit or loss (net of tax): 
Currency translation differences 250,820 (141,567) – – 
Reclassified to profit or loss 
Currency translation differences on repayment 
of net investments (839) 777 – – 
Currency translation differences on disposal of 
a subsidiary – (1,654) – – 
(839) (877) – –
Items which will not subsequently be reclassified 
to profit or loss (net of tax):
Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of 
an associate 12 (2,031) 979 – – 
Net changes in the fair value of investment at 
fair value through other comprehensive 
income (“FVOCI”) 23 (4,192) 1,279 (5,501) (4,785)
(6,223) 2,258 (5,501) (4,785)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the 
financial year 243,758 (140,186) (5,501) (4,785)
Total comprehensive income for the financial 
year 661,288 171,512 231,996 256,537 
Total comprehensive income for the financial 
year attributable to:
 – owners of the Company 651,802 175,334 231,996 256,537 
 – non-controlling interests 9,486 (3,822) – – 
661,288 171,512 231,996 256,537 
277Integrated Report 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 280 ----
Group
Note 2023 2022
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment 19 593,345 586,343 
Investment properties 20 1,201,105 1,085,200 
Inventories 21 4,450,388 4,016,559 
Joint ventures 11 3,135,789 2,885,238 
Associates 12 136,322 148,557 
Investments 23 43,132 48,633 
Intangible assets 24 6,168 6,577 
Deferred tax assets 25 549,156 601,790
Receivables 26 99,342 102,718 
Contract assets 27 1,110,987 1,199,242 
11,325,734 10,680,857 
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories 21 2,044,587 1,527,278 
Receivables 26 689,748 862,615 
Contract assets 27 1,138,868 1,154,273 
Prepayments 10,232 12,002 
Tax recoverable 48,144 40,367 
Cash held under Housing Development Accounts 28 325,946 386,092 
Bank balances, deposits and cash 29 276,635 599,225 
4,534,160 4,581,852 
Assets held for sale 30 68,850 –
TOTAL ASSETS 15,928,744 15,262,709 
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
278
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Statements of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2023

---- Page 281 ----
Group
Note 2023 2022
EQUITY
Share capital 31 6,800,839 6,800,839 
Fair value reserve 20,380 33,976 
Exchange reserve 212,393 (37,718)
Retained profits 3,023,484 2,722,621 
ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY 10,057,096 9,519,718 
Non-controlling interests 32 226,416 125,078 
TOTAL EQUITY 10,283,512 9,644,796 
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Payables 33 68,037 72,134 
Borrowings 34 2,480,664 2,283,984 
Lease liabilities 35 23,976 24,149 
Provisions 36 171,115 152,565 
Contract liabilities 27 262,591 253,164 
Deferred tax liabilities 25 306,353 316,650 
3,312,736 3,102,646 
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Payables 33 1,542,493 1,296,619 
Borrowings 34 413,358 753,861 
Lease liabilities 35 21,458 21,447 
Provisions 36 67,911 82,530 
Contract liabilities 27 235,674 332,895 
Tax provision 51,602 27,915 
2,332,496 2,515,267 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 5,645,232 5,617,913 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 15,928,744 15,262,709 
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
279Integrated Report 2023
Statements of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2023

---- Page 282 ----
Company
Note 2023 2022
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment 19 53,292 16,799 
Subsidiaries 22 8,354,814 8,040,202 
Inventories 21 1,144,629 1,076,741 
Associates 12 37,185 49,152 
Investments 23 43,132 48,633 
Intangible assets 24 5,130 5,057 
Deferred tax assets 25 39,158 35,498 
Receivables 26 1,797,550 1,343,107 
11,474,890 10,615,189 
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories 21 120,764 107,502 
Receivables 26 271,927 322,685 
Contract assets 27 39,096 19,027 
Prepayments 1,319 349 
Cash held under Housing Development Accounts 28 3,133 20,878 
Bank balances, deposits and cash 29 57,508 143,369 
493,747 613,810 
TOTAL ASSETS 11,968,637 11,228,999 
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
280
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Statements of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2023

---- Page 283 ----
Company
Note 2023 2022
EQUITY
Share capital 31 6,800,839 6,800,839 
Fair value reserve 7,632 13,133 
Retained profits 2,605,335 2,503,854 
ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY/TOTAL EQUITY 9,413,806 9,317,826 
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Borrowings 34 1,630,078 1,097,286 
Lease liabilities 35 36,409 107 
Provisions 36 14,404 4,025 
1,680,891 1,101,418 
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Payables 33 589,248 329,124 
Borrowings 34 215,316 373,627 
Lease liabilities 35 6,609 7,904 
Provisions 36 7,086 9,551 
Contract liabilities 27 47,129 88,328 
Tax payable 8,552 1,221 
873,940 809,755 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 2,554,831 1,911,173 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 11,968,637 11,228,999 
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
281Integrated Report 2023
Statements of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2023

---- Page 284 ----
Group Note
Share
capital
Fair
value
reserve
Exchange
reserve
Retained
profits
Attributable
to owners
of the
Company
Non-
controlling
interests
Total
equity
2023
At 1 January 2023 6,800,839 33,976 (37,718) 2,722,621 9,519,718 125,078 9,644,796 
Profit for the financial year – – – 407,914 407,914 9,616 417,530 
Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
for the year – (6,223) 250,111 – 243,888 (130) 243,758 
Total other comprehensive (loss)/
income for the financial year – (6,223) 250,111 407,914 651,802 9,486 661,288 
Transfer upon liquidation and 
de-recognition of an investment 
carried at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ("FVOCI")– (7,373) – 7,373 – – –
Transactions with owners: 
– dividends paid 18 – – – (136,016) (136,016) (5,368) (141,384)
– acquisition of non-controlling 
interests 37 – – – 21,592 21,592 97,220 118,812 
At 31 December 2023 6,800,839 20,380 212,393 3,023,484 10,057,096 226,416 10,283,512 
2022
At 1 January 2022 6,800,839 31,718 105,045 2,474,790 9,412,392 141,576 9,553,968 
Profit for the financial year – – – 315,839 315,839 (4,141) 311,698 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
for the year – 2,258 (142,763) – (140,505) 319 (140,186)
Total other comprehensive income/
(loss) for the financial year – 2,258 (142,763) 315,839 175,334 (3,822) 171,512 
Transactions with owners: 
– dividends paid 18 – – – (68,008) (68,008) (10,772) (78,780)
– disposal of a subsidiary ––––– ( 1 , 904) (1,904)
At 31 December 2022 6,800,839 33,976 (37,718) 2,722,621 9,519,718 125,078 9,644,796
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
282
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
S t a t e m e n t s  o f  C h a n g e s  i n  E q u i t y
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 285 ----
Share Fair value Retained Total
Company Note capital reserve profits equity
2023
At 1 January 2023 6,800,839 13,133 2,503,854 9,317,826 
Profit for the financial year – – 237,497 237,497 
Other comprehensive loss for the financial year – (5,501) – (5,501)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the 
financial year – (5,501) 237,497 231,996 
Transactions with owners: 
 – dividend paid 18 – – (136,016) (136,016)
At 31 December 2023 6,800,839 7,632 2,605,335 9,413,806 
2022
At 1 January 2022 6,800,839 17,918 2,310,540 9,129,297 
Profit for the financial year – – 261,322 261,322 
Other comprehensive loss for the financial year – (4,785) – (4,785)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the 
financial year – (4,785) 261,322 256,537 
Transactions with owners: 
 – dividend paid 18 – – (68,008) (68,008)
At 31 December 2022 6,800,839 13,133 2,503,854 9,317,826 
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
283Integrated Report 2023
Statements of Changes in Equity
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 286 ----
Group Company
Note 2023 2022 2023 2022
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit for the financial year 417,530 311,698 237,497 261,322 
Adjustments for:
Share of results of:
– joint ventures 58,051 27,756 – – 
– associates (5,309) (1,661) – – 
Amortisation of intangible assets 2,134 2,420 1,404 1,723 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 29,596 29,587 10,774 9,310 
Write-down of inventories 8,756 6,270 – – 
Write-off of inventories 10,451 3,125 – – 
Gain on disposal of:
– subsidiaries – (53,020) – – 
– property, plant and equipment (49) (2) (2) (3)
– investment properties 12 – – – 
Net changes in fair value on investment 
properties 33,576 51,601 – – 
Net impairment losses on trade and other 
receivables (3,065) 2,764 3,429 83,939 
Loss on lease modification – 12,788 – – 
Provisions 374 11,023 7,914 9,551 
Finance income (113,663) (105,996) (64,036) (58,688)
Finance costs 73,669 97,373 64,665 54,809 
Taxation 192,776 147,162 15,056 1,384 
Foreign currency exchange (gain)/loss (8,937) 138 30,954 (42,515)
Other items [note (a)] 879 (426) (254,796) (296,326)
696,781 542,600 52,859 24,506 
Changes in working capital:
– inventories:
  – changes attributable to land acquisition (692,402) – – – 
  – others (389,762) 34,722 (81,150) (22 ,315)
– receivables and prepayments 66,388 177,837 6,715 72,435 
– contract assets and contract liabilities
99,298 76,460 (61,268) 15,110 
– payables and provisions 281,077 338,862 31,923 24,503 
61,380 1,170,481 (50,921) 114,239 
Tax paid (136,495) (155,026) (11,385) (4,224)
Net cash (used in)/from operating activities (75,115) 1,015,455 (62,306) 110,015 
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
284
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Statements of Cash Flows
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 287 ----
Group Company
Note 2023 2022 2023 2022
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Finance income received 25,529 14,869 64,036 58,688 
Proceeds from sale of:
 – property, plant and equipment 59 5,034 2 3 
 – investment properties 2,888 – – – 
Purchase of:
 – property, plant and equipment (34,926) (11,280) (4,356) (5,509)
 – investment properties (170,748) (15,951) – – 
 – intangible assets (2,706) (1,739) (2,458) (1,056)
Repayment from/(Advances to):
 – subsidiaries – – (49,172) 205,420 
 – an associate 12,857 (1,304) 12,857 (1,304)
Subscription of shares in subsidiaries – – (439,939) (217,789)
Net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiaries – 8,451 – – 
Subscription of additional interest in joint 
ventures (72,051) (330,618) – – 
Capital repayment from:
 – subsidiaries – – – 92,685 
 – a joint venture 163,986 366,480 – – 
 – an investment 1,309 6,064 – – 
Dividends received from investments, 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 2,800 7,260 13,682 251,785 
Net cash (used in)/from investing activities (71,003) 47,266 (405,348) 382,923 
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Finance costs paid (124,380) (128,880) (55,188) (54,909)
Borrowings raised 34 741,403 12,266 599,593 – 
Repayments of borrowings 34 (80,245) (385,419) (67,000) (67,000)
Revolving credits:
 – raised 34 408,000 215,469 402,000 215,469 
 – repaid 34 (1,016,850) (599,623) (600,543) (571,623)
Repayments of lease liabilities 35 (3,474) (22,299) (7,904) (7,663)
Net advances from subsidiaries 33 – – 229,106 121,180 
Acquisition of non-controlling interests 37 (31,570) – – – 
Dividends paid on ordinary shares (136,016) (68,008) (136,016) (68,008)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5,368) (10,772) – – 
Net cash (used in)/from financing activities (248,500) (987,266) 364,048 (432,554)
Statements of Cash Flows
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
285Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 288 ----
Group Company
Note 2023 2022 2023 2022
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash 
equivalents (394,618) 75,455 (103,606) 60,384 
Foreign exchange differences 11,882 198 – – 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of 
the financial year 985,317 909,664 164,247 103,863 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the 
financial year [note (b)] 602,581 985,317 60,641 164,247 
a. Other items:
Dividend income – (430) (346,807) (299,665)
Net impairment losses on: 
– property, plant and equipment 529 3 – – 
– investment in subsidiaries – – 93,757 3,317 
– investment in associates – – (1,746) – 
Write-off of property, plant and 
equipment 350 1 – – 
Loss from liquidation of subsidiaries – – – 22 
879 (426) (254,796) (296,326)
b. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of 
the financial year:
Cash held under Housing Development 
Accounts 28 325,946 386,092 3,133 20,878 
Bank balances, deposits and cash 29 276,635 599,225 57,508 143,369 
602,581 985,317 60,641 164,247 
Statements of Cash Flows
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
286
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 289 ----
1  GENERAL INFORMATION
 The Company is principally engaged in the business of investment holding, property development and provision of 
management services. The principal activities of the Group are divided into three segments namely property development, 
investment and asset management and leisure. The principal activities of the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are 
as stated in Note 44.
There has been no significant change in the principal activities of the Group and the Company during the financial year.
2  BASIS OF PREPARATION
The financial statements of the Group and the Company are prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies 
Act 2016 in Malaysia and comply with the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards ("MFRS") and International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS").
The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except as disclosed in the material 
accounting policy information in Note 3. The financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia in thousands  
(RM thousand) unless otherwise stated.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with MFRS and IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets 
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported 
period.
The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to 
the financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.
 a. Accounting pronouncements that are adopted during the financial year
i. Amendments that are effective and adopted during the financial year:
MFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts, and its amendments
Amendments to MFRS 101 and MFRS Practice Statement 2 – Disclosure of Accounting Policies
Amendments to MFRS 108 – Definition of Accounting Estimates
Amendments to MFRS 112 – Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
Amendments to MFRS 112 – International Tax Reform Pillar Two Model Rules
The adoption of the above did not result in any significant changes to the Group’s results and financial position 
except for MFRS 17 as disclosed in Note 11(a) to the Financial Statements.
The Group and the Company have also considered the new accounting pronouncements in the preparation of the 
financial statements.
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
287Integrated Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023

---- Page 290 ----
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
b. Accounting pronouncements that are not yet effective and have not been early adopted
i. New amendments that are effective on or after 1 January 2024:
Amendments to MFRS 101 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
Amendments to MFRS 101 Classification of Liabilities as Current and Non-Current
Amendments to MFRS 16 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
Amendments to MFRS 107 and MFRS 7 Supplier Finance Arrangements
Amendments to MFRS 121 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates – Lack of 
Exchangeability
The Group and the Company are currently assessing the financial impact for the above amendments.
ii. The effective date for the amendment to Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or 
Joint Venture (Amendments to MFRS 10 and MFRS 128) has been deferred to a date to be determined by MASB.
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
These material accounting policy information have been applied consistently in dealing with items that are considered 
material in relation to the financial statements, and to all the financial year presented, unless otherwise stated.
a.  Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and all its subsidiaries made up 
to the end of the financial year and are prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other events 
in similar circumstances.
i. Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group has power 
over the entity, has exposure to or rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability 
to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
Subsidiaries are consolidated using the acquisition method except for those subsidiaries acquired under common 
control. Under the acquisition method, subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred 
to the Group and de-consolidated from the date when control ceases. The consideration is measured at the fair 
value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred at the date of exchange.
Contingent consideration is recorded at fair value as component of the purchase consideration with subsequent 
adjustment resulting from events after the acquisition date taken to profit or loss. Acquisition related costs are 
recognised as expenses when incurred.
In a business combination achieved in stages, previously held equity interests in the acquiree are re-measured to 
fair value at the date of acquisition and any corresponding gain or loss is recognised in the profit or loss.
Identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured at their fair 
values, at the date of acquisition. The excess of the consideration and the fair value of previously held equity 
interests over the Group’s share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired at the date of acquisition 
is reflected as goodwill. Any gain from bargain purchase is recognised directly in the profit or loss.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
288
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 291 ----
3  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
 a. Basis of consolidation (continued)
i. Subsidiaries (continued)
Intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation, but unrealised losses arising therefrom are 
eliminated on consolidation to the extent of the cost of the asset that can be recovered, and the balance is 
recognised in the profit or loss as reduction in net realisable value or as impairment loss.
Non-controlling interests in the results and net assets of non-wholly owned subsidiaries are presented separately 
in the financial statements. Transactions with owners of non-controlling interests without a change in control are 
treated as equity transactions in the statements of changes in equity.
When control ceases, the disposal proceeds and the fair value of any retained investment are compared to the 
Group’s share of its net assets disposed. The difference together with the carrying amount of allocated goodwill 
and the exchange reserve that relate to the subsidiary is recognised as gain or loss on disposal.
ii. Joint ventures
Joint ventures are separate vehicles in which the Group has rights to its net assets and where its strategic, financial 
and operating decisions require unanimous consent of the Group and one or more parties sharing the control.
Joint ventures are accounted using the equity method. Equity method is a method of accounting whereby the 
investment is recorded at cost inclusive of goodwill and adjusted thereafter for the Group’s share of the post-
acquisition results and other changes in the net assets of the joint ventures based on their latest audited financial 
statements or management accounts. Dividends received or receivable from a joint venture are recognised as a 
reduction in the carrying amount of the investment. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial 
statements of joint ventures used by the Group in applying the equity method to ensure consistency of accounting 
policies with those of the Group.
After application of the equity method, the carrying amount of the joint ventures will be assessed for impairment. 
Equity method is discontinued when the carrying amount of the joint venture reaches zero, or reaches the limit of 
the obligations in the case where the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations in respect of the joint 
venture.
Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures, and among the joint ventures, are 
eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated on the 
same basis but only to the extent of the costs that can be recovered, and the balance that provides evidence of 
reduction in net realisable value or an impairment loss on the assets transferred are recognised in profit or loss.
When joint control ceases, the disposal proceeds and the fair value of any retained investment are compared to the 
carrying amount of the joint venture. The difference together with the exchange reserve that relate to the joint 
venture is recognised in the profit or loss as gain or loss on disposal. In the case of partial disposal without losing 
joint control, the difference between the proceeds and the carrying amount disposed, and the proportionate 
exchange reserve is recognised as gain or loss on disposal. Shareholder’s advances to joint ventures of which the 
Group does not expect repayment in the foreseeable future are considered as part of the Group’s investments in 
the joint ventures.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
289Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 292 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
a. Basis of consolidation (continued)
iii. Associates
Associates are entities in which the Group is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is 
the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions, but not control over those policies.
Investment in associates are accounted for using the equity method, similar to Note 3(a)(ii) above.
b. Foreign currencies
i. Presentation and functional currency
Ringgit Malaysia is the presentation currency of the Group and the Company. Ringgit Malaysia is also the functional 
currency of the Company. The functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which 
the Company operates. The Group’s foreign operations have different functional currencies.
ii. Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions and monetary items are translated into the functional currency using the exchange 
rates prevailing at the transaction dates and at the end of the reporting period, respectively. Foreign exchange 
differences arising therefrom and on settlement are recognised in the profit or loss.
iii. Translation of foreign currency financial statements
For consolidation purposes, foreign operations’ results are translated into the Group’s presentation currency at 
average exchange rates for the financial year whilst the assets and liabilities are translated at exchange rates ruling 
at the end of the reporting period. The resulting translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive 
income and accumulated in exchange reserve.
Intercompany loans where settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future, are treated as 
part of the parent’s net investment. Translation differences arising therefrom are recognised in other comprehensive 
income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss upon repayment or disposal of the relevant entity.
Exchange reserve in respect of a foreign operation is recognised to profit or loss when control, joint control or 
significant influence over the foreign operation is lost. On partial disposal (via capital repayment or disposal of 
shares) without losing control, a proportion of the exchange reserve in respect of the subsidiary is re-attributed to 
the non-controlling interest. The proportionate share of the cumulative translation differences is reclassified to 
profit or loss in respect of all other partial disposals.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
290
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 293 ----
3  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
 c. Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
Freehold land is not depreciated as it has indefinite life. Assets in the course of construction are shown as work in 
progress. Depreciation on these assets commences when they are ready for use. Other property, plant and equipment 
are depreciated on a straight-line basis to Write-down the cost of each asset to their residual values over their estimated 
useful lives.
The principal annual depreciation rates are:
 Leasehold land over the lease period ranging from 35 to 99 years
 Buildings 2% to 5%, or over the lease term if shorter
 Plant and machinery 20% to 33.3%
 Renovation, fixtures, equipment and vehicles 20% to 33.3%
 d. Investment properties
Investment properties, comprising principally land and buildings, are held for long term rental yields or for capital 
appreciation or both, and are not occupied by the Group.
Investment property is measured initially at its cost, including transaction costs and borrowing costs if the investment 
property meets the definition of a qualifying asset.
After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Changes in fair values are recognised in profit or loss 
for the period in which it rises. Gains/(losses) are presented as part of the results of operating activities of the Group. Fair 
value is derived from analysis of market evidence, such as, active market prices, market net income and yield, adjusted, if 
necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or condition of the specific asset. If this information is not available, 
the Group uses alternative valuation methods, such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow 
projections. Valuations are performed as of the financial position date by external, independent and qualified valuers.
The Group accounts for the land and building as a single unit of account for investment properties. Investment properties 
under construction for which the fair value cannot be determined reliably, but for which the Group expects that the fair 
value of the property will be reliably determinable when construction is completed, are measured at cost less impairment 
until the fair value becomes reliably determinable or construction is completed – whichever is earlier.
If a property undergoes a change in use and becomes an investment property, any difference resulting between the 
carrying amount of the property and the fair value of such investment property at the date of transfer is recognised in 
accordance with the applicable MFRS. Its fair value at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for subsequent 
accounting purposes.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
291Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 294 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
e. Right-of-use ("ROU") assets
The right to use an underlying asset for the lease term is recognised as a ROU asset.
The cost of ROU includes an amount equal to the lease liability at the inception of the lease, lease payments made at 
or before commencement date less lease incentives received, initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to 
restore, dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the site on which it is located.
ROUs that are not investment properties are presented under property, plant and equipment and are stated at cost less 
accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. The ROU assets are generally depreciated over the 
shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.
The Group applies the fair value model to ROU assets that meet the definition of investment property of MFRS 140 
consistent with those investment property owned by the Group (refer to Note 3(d)).
The upfront payment represent prepaid lease payments for lease of land and building is amortised on the straight-line 
basis over the lease period.
f. Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates and loans, which are treated as part of the Company’s net 
investment in the investee, are recorded at costs less accumulated impairment losses, if any, in the Company’s financial 
statements.
g. Inventories
i. Land held for property development
Land held for property development where development activities are not expected to be completed within the 
normal operating cycle, is classified as non-current and carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
The cost includes cost of land and development costs common to the whole project.
Land held for property development is transferred to property development costs under current assets when 
development activities have commenced and are expected to be completed within the normal operating cycle.
ii. Property development costs
Property development costs are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost includes cost of land, 
related development costs common to whole project and direct building costs less cumulative amounts recognised 
as cost of sales in the profit or loss.
Property development cost of unsold unit is transferred to completed development unit once the property is 
completed.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
292
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 295 ----
3  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
 g. Inventories (continued)
iii. Completed development units
Units of development properties completed and held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value.
iv.  Finished goods, raw materials and consumable stores
Finished goods, raw materials and consumable stores are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost 
includes cost of purchase plus incidental cost and other costs of bringing the inventories to their present location 
and condition. The cost of inventories is determined on a weighted average basis.
Net realisable value is the estimate of the selling price in the ordinary course of business, less costs to completion and 
selling expenses.
 h. Financial assets
The Group’s and the Company’s financial assets are classified into three categories: (i) amortised cost, (ii) fair value 
through profit or loss ("FVTPL") and (iii) fair value through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI"). Investments in quoted 
equity instruments are measured at FVTPL whilst investments on unquoted equity instruments are measured at FVOCI. 
All other financial assets are measured at amortised cost.
i. Amortised cost
Receivables, amounts due from subsidiaries, cash held under Housing Development Accounts and bank balances, 
deposits and cash are held for collection of contractual cash flows. Their contractual terms give rise on specified 
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. These 
financial assets are measured at fair value at inception plus transaction cost and thereafter at amortised cost less 
accumulated impairment losses.
Interest income from these financial assets is calculated using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss 
arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss.
ii. Fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL") and Fair value through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI")
Investments in quoted equity instruments are measured at FVTPL. The investments are recorded initially at fair 
value plus transaction cost and thereafter, they are measured at fair value. Changes in the fair value and dividend 
income from the investment are recognised in profit or loss.
At initial recognition, the Group and the Company elected to designate the investments in unquoted equity 
instruments as financial assets measured at FVOCI. The investments are recorded initially at fair value plus 
transaction costs and thereafter, they are measured at fair value. Changes in fair value of the investments are 
recognised in other comprehensive income, whilst dividend income are recognised in profit or loss. On derecognition 
of the investment measured at FVOCI, the fair value reserve is transferred to retained profits.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
293Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 296 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
i. Assets held for sale
Assets or groups of assets are classified as "held for sale" if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally through 
a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. Depreciation ceases when an asset is classified as asset held for 
sale. Assets held for sale are stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell.
j. Contract assets and contract liabilities
Contract asset is the right to consideration for goods or services transferred to the customers. In the case of property 
development and concession arrangement, contract asset is the excess of cumulative revenue earned over the billings to 
date, for which the billings to-date are based on progress milestone set out in the contract or agreement with the 
customers. Contract asset is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
Contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to customer for which the Group and the Company have 
received the consideration or has billed the customer. In the case of property development and concession arrangement, 
contract liability is the excess of the billings to date over the cumulative revenue earned. Contract liabilities include the 
golf club membership fees, down payments received from customers and other deferred income where the Group and 
the Company have billed or collected the payment before the goods are delivered or services are provided to the 
customers.
k. Impairment
Non-financial assets and interest in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are assessed for indication of impairment. 
If an indication exists, an impairment test is performed. In the case of financial assets and contract assets, impairment 
loss is recognised based on expected credit losses.
The recognition and measurement of impairment losses are as follows:
i. Non-financial assets, interest in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable 
amount and is charged to the profit or loss. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs 
to sell and value in use.
Assets that were previously impaired are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment losses at the end of each 
reporting period. Any subsequent increase in recoverable amount is recognised in the profit or loss.
ii. Financial assets and contract assets
An impairment loss is recognised based on expected credit losses and is charged to profit or loss. Reversal of 
impairment loss to profit or loss, if any, is restricted to not exceeding what the amortised cost would have been 
had the impairment loss not been recognised previously.
The Group and the Company apply the simplified approach to measure the impairment losses on trade receivables 
and contract assets at lifetime expected credit losses ("Lifetime ECL"). Expected credit losses of all other financial 
assets are measured at an amount equal to 12 month expected credit losses ("12-month ECL") if credit risk on a 
financial asset has not increased significantly. The Group and the Company compare the risk of default occurring 
on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition to ascertain 
whether there is a significant increase in credit risk. The assessment takes into consideration the macroeconomic 
information, credit rating and other supportable forward-looking information.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
294
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 297 ----
3  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
l. Share capital
Proceeds from shares issued are accounted for in equity. Cost directly attributable to the issuance of new equity shares 
are deducted from equity.
Dividends to owners of the Company and non-controlling interests are recognised in the statements of changes in equity 
in the financial year in which they are paid or declared.
m. Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group and the Company have a legal or constructive obligation, where the outflow 
of resources is probable and can be reliably estimated. Provisions are measured at the present value of the obligation. 
The increase in the provisions due to the passage of time is recognised as finance costs.
The Group and the Company recognise provision for onerous contracts when the expected benefits to be derived from 
a contract are less than the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract.
n. Employee costs
i.  Short-term employee benefits
Wages, salaries and paid annual leave, bonuses and non-monetary benefits are accrued in the period in which the 
services are rendered by employees.
ii.  Defined contribution plans
A defined contribution pension plan is a pension plan under which the Group and the Company pay fixed 
contributions into a separate entity. The Group and the Company have no legal or constructive obligations to pay 
further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to 
employee service in the current and prior periods.
The Group has various defined contribution plans in accordance with local conditions and practices in the countries 
in which it operates. The Group’s and the Company's contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to the 
profit or loss in the financial year in which they relate.
iii.  Other long-term benefits
The Group operates a Long-term Incentive Plan ("LTIP"), which is awarded to employees who hold senior 
management positions and key roles within the Group, and who have fulfiled the eligibility criteria and have been 
approved for participation by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The LTIP aims to incentivise and 
retain key employess whom will have direct impact in driving and delivering the Group's FY2023 to FY2025 
transformation plan.
The LTIP is payable in cash in 3 tranches between FY2025 and FY2026. The expenses related to LTIP are charged 
to the profit or loss as employee costs under the category of "long-term employee benefit" over the period in which 
the performance criteria and services are fulfilled, with a corresponding liability in "provisions". The payout are 
estimated by reference to the total amount granted and the expected Group's achievement on the relevant key 
performance indicators ("KPI"). At each reporting date, the Group and the Company review its estimates and 
assumptions on the likelihood of achieving the relevant KPIs which, in turn, determines the amount of payout under 
the LTIP. The impact of revision of original estimates, if any, are charged to profit or loss with a corresponding 
adjustment to provisions.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
295Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 298 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
o. Financial liabilities
The Group’s and the Company’s borrowings and payables are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortised 
cost. They are measured initially at fair value net of transaction costs and thereafter, at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method. Amortisation is charged to profit or loss.
Financial liabilities are classified as current liabilities for those having maturity dates of not more than 12 months after 
the end of the reporting period, otherwise the balance is classified as non-current. Financial liabilities are derecognised 
when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired.
p. Cash and cash equivalents
For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and at bank, deposits 
held at call with banks and cash held under Housing Development Accounts.
q. Revenue recognition
i. Revenue from property development
Contracts with customers may include multiple promises to customers and therefore accounted for as separate 
performance obligations. In this case, the transaction price will be allocated to each performance obligation based 
on the stand-alone selling prices. When these are not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected 
cost plus margin.
The revenue from property development is measured at the fixed transaction price agreed under the sale and 
purchase agreement, net of expected liquidated ascertained damages ( "LAD") payment.
Revenue from property development is recognised as and when the control of the asset is transferred to the customer 
and it is probable that the Group and the Company will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in 
exchange for the asset that will be transferred to the customer. Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws 
that apply to the contract, control of the asset may transfer over time or at a point in time. Control of the asset is 
transferred over time if the Group’s and the Company's performance do not create an asset with an alternative use to 
the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
If control of the asset transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by reference to 
the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a 
point in time when the customer obtains control of the asset.
The Group and the Company recognise revenue over time using the output method, which is based on the level of 
completion of the physical proportion of contract work to-date, certified by professional consultants.
The subject properties are specifically identified by its plot, lot and parcel number and its attributes (such as its 
size and location) in the sale and purchase agreements. The purchasers could enforce its rights to the subject 
properties if the Group and the Company seek to sell the unit to another purchaser. The contractual restriction on 
the Group’s and the Company's ability to direct the subject property for another use is substantive and the subject 
properties sold to the purchasers do not have an alternative use to the Group and the Company. The Group and 
the Company have the right to payment for performance completed to-date, are entitled to continue to transfer 
the subject properties to the customer, and have the rights to complete the construction of the properties and 
enforce its rights to full payment.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
296
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 299 ----
3  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
q. Revenue recognition (continued)
i.  Revenue from property development (continued)
The Group and the Company recognise sales at a point in time for the sale of completed properties when the 
control of the properties has been transferred to the purchasers and it is probable that the Group and the Company 
will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled to in exchange for the assets sold.
ii.  Revenue from concession arrangement
Maintenance service charges and supply of chilled water are recognised over the period which services are rendered 
or supply is delivered.
iii.  Revenue from leisure
Revenue from golf club activities consist of golfing, golf club membership fees, driving range, sports and other 
recreation facilities, which are separate performance obligation. Golf club membership fees is received upfront and 
recognised on a straight-line basis over the tenure of the membership.
Revenue from sale of food and beverages is recognised when consideration is received or receivable upon delivery 
of goods and services, net of discounts and indirect taxes.
iv. Rental income
Rental income is recognised on an accrual basis in accordance with the substance of the relevant agreements. Other 
rent-related income is recognised in the accounting period in which the services have been rendered.
v.  Interest income
Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis, using the effective interest method, unless collectability is in 
doubt, in which case it is recognised on a cash receipt basis.
vi. Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
vii. Management fees
Management fee is recognised over time during the period in which the services are rendered.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
297Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 300 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
r. Borrowing costs
General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying 
assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are 
added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when:
i. expenditure for the asset is being incurred;
  ii. borrowing costs are being incurred; and
  iii. activities that are necessary to prepare the assets for its intended use or sale are in progress.
Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the 
qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or completed. Properties under construction where control 
of these properties is transferred over time are excluded as qualifying assets for the purposes of borrowing cost 
capitalisation.
Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying 
assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.
All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
s. Taxation
The tax expense for the financial year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit or loss, except 
to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in other comprehensive income. In this case, the tax is 
recognised in other comprehensive income.
The current income tax charge for the Group and for the Company is the expected income taxes payable in respect of 
the taxable profit for the financial year and is measured using the tax rates that have been enacted at the end of the 
reporting year. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which 
applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. Provisions are established where appropriate on the basis of 
amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary difference arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their 
carrying amounts in the financial statements.
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against 
which the temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences arising on 
investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary 
difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the 
reporting date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income 
tax liability is settled.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when the enterprise has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends to 
settle either on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
298
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 301 ----
3  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
t. Segment reporting
Segment information is presented in a manner that is consistent with the internal reporting provided to management for 
the allocation of resources and assessment of its performance. The Group's operating businesses are organised and 
managed separately according to the nature of the products and services provided, with each segment representing a 
strategic business unit that offers different products and serves different markets.
Segment revenue, expense, assets and liabilities are those amounts resulting from operating activities of a segment that 
are directly attributable to the segment and the relevant portion that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to the 
segment. Segment revenue, expense, assets and liabilities are determined before intragroup balances and intragroup 
transactions are eliminated as part of the consolidation process, except to the extent that such balances and transactions 
are between Group companies within a single segment. Inter-segment pricing is based on similar terms as those available 
to external parties.
u. Contingent liabilities
The Group and the Company do not recognise contingent liabilities, but discloses their existence in the notes to the 
financial statements. A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events which existence will be 
confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Group 
and the Company or a present obligation that is not recognised because it is not probable that an outflow of resources 
will be required to settle the obligation.
4  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENT IN APPLYING ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The preparation of financial statements in conforming to MFRS and IFRS require the use of certain critical accounting 
estimates that involve complex and subjective judgements and the use of assumptions, some of which may be for matters 
that are inherently uncertain and susceptible to change. The Directors exercise their judgement in the process of applying the 
Group’s accounting policies. Estimates and assumptions are based on the Directors’ best knowledge of current events. Such 
estimates and judgement could change from period to period and have a material impact on the results, financial position, 
cash flows and other disclosures.
The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined below:
a. Revenue and cost recognition from property development activities
Revenue is recognised as and when the control of the asset is transferred to customers and it is probable that the Group 
and the Company will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the asset that will be 
transferred to the customer. Depending on the terms of the contract and the applicable laws governing the contract, 
control of the asset may transfer over time or at a point in time.
Where control of the asset transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by reference to 
the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation based on the physical proportion of contract 
work-to-date certified by professional consultants. Significant judgement is required in determining the project progress 
as the certification of the physical progress of each phase are based on methodologies employed by, and the expert 
judgement of, the professional consultants.
During the financial year ended 31 December 2023, for activities recognised over time using the stage of completion 
method, the Group and the Company recognised revenue of RM2,974.8 million (2022: RM2,224.1 million) and RM219.7 
million (2022: RM175.8 million) respectively and cost of RM2,066.9 million (2022: RM1,571.1 million) and RM137.5 
million (2022: RM114.1 million) respectively.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
299Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 302 ----
4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENT IN APPLYING ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined below: (continued)
b. Write-down and write-off of inventories to net realisable value
The Group and the Company write-down the inventories to their net realisable values based on the estimated selling 
prices by reference to recent sales transactions of similar properties or comparable properties in similar or nearby 
locations net of the estimated cost necessary to complete the sale. For inventories of property development costs, the 
estimated cost necessary to complete the property have been considered. The Group considered the current economic 
outlook, future property market conditions and adjustment factors such as the size and demand (ceiling price) of the 
particular properties in determining its net realisable values.
The Group and the Company also write-off the development costs based on the latest pipeline launches, which depends 
on various factors, such as changes to development plans due to replanning, zoning issues with local authorities, etc and 
is therefore subject to significant inherent uncertainties.
Whilst the Directors exercise due care and attention to make reasonable estimates, taking into account all available 
information in estimating the selling price and the related cost to complete the sale, the estimates may differ from the 
actual transactions achieved in future periods and these differences may, in certain circumstances, be significant.
During the financial year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recognised a write-down of RM8.8 million and a write-off 
of RM10.5 million in respect of inventories during the financial year.
c. Fair value of investment properties
The valuations of the Group’s investment properties were performed by independent external valuers. There are 
complexities in determining the fair value of the investment properties, which involve significant estimates and judgements 
in determining the appropriate valuation methodology and estimating the underlying assumptions to be applied. The list 
of significant unobservable inputs and its sensitivity analysis are disclosed in Note 20(c) to the financial statements.
The Directors are of the view that the fair value of certain investment properties under early stage of development are 
not reliably determinable as at the reporting date, given the various valuation adjustments to be made due to the early 
stages of construction which are highly judgemental and contingent upon various unknown factors. As these properties 
will take substantial time to complete, there are uncertainties attached to the reliability of the assumptions adopted for 
valuation, such as the gross rental rate, developer’s profit margin, discount rate, void rate and market capitalisation rate.
d. Impairment assessment of non-financial assets – investments in subsidiaries and property, plant and equipment
The Group and/or the Company assesses whether there is any indication that the cost of investment in subsidiaries and 
property, plant and equipment are impaired at the end of each reporting date. Impairment loss is measured by 
comparing the carrying amount of an asset with its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is measured at the higher 
of the fair value less cost to sell and value-in-use for that asset. Value-in-use of asset is estimated using discounted cash 
flow analysis, considering market value indicators, recent arms-length market transactions and benchmark against 
valuation done by valuer. These estimates provide reasonable approximations to the computation of recoverable 
amounts. For discounted cash flows, significant judgement is applied in determining the assumptions and discount rates 
used for the estimation of the present value of future cash flows generated by the assets. Changes in assumptions could 
affect the outcome of the Group's assessment for impairment of assets.
Following impairment assessments of the non-financial assets of the Group and of the Company during the financial 
year, an impairment loss on property, plant and equipment of RM0.5 million and net impairment loss on investment in 
subsidiaries of RM93.8 million were recorded in the financial statements of the Group and Company respectively for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
300
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 303 ----
5  FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES
a. Financial risk management
The Group’s and the Company's operations expose them to a variety of financial risks, including interest rate risk, credit 
risk, liquidity and cash flow risk and foreign currency exchange risk. The Group’s overall financial risk management policies 
seek to manage and minimise the potential adverse effects of these risks on the financial performance of the Group.
The Group’s and the Company's exposure to these financial risks are managed through risk reviews, internal control 
systems, insurance programmes and adherence to Group Policies and Authorities which are implemented on a group-
wide basis. The Board regularly reviews these risks and approves the policies covering the management of these risks.
i.  Interest rate risk
The Group's and the Company's interest rate risk arises primarily from interest-bearing borrowings. The Group and 
the Company manage their interest rate risk by maintaining a mix of fixed and floating rate borrowings.
The interest-bearing assets are primarily the amounts due from joint ventures, associates and subsidiaries and 
short-term bank deposits with financial institutions. All interest-bearing amounts due to the Group and the 
Company bear interest at floating rate except those under negotiated terms where fixed rates are used after taking 
into account the borrower's risk profile. The interest rates on short-term bank deposits are monitored closely to 
ensure that the deposits are maintained at favourable rates and placements are made at varying maturities. The 
Group and the Company consider the risk of significant changes to interest rates to be low and the sensitivity is 
disclosed in Note 42(a).
ii. Credit risk
Financial assets that are primarily exposed to credit risk are receivables, contract assets and bank balances.
Credit risk arising from sales made on credit terms
The Group and the Company seek to control credit risk by dealing with counterparties with appropriate credit 
histories. Customers’ most recent financial statements, payment history and other relevant information are 
considered in the determination of credit risk. Counterparties are assessed at least annually and more frequently 
when information on significant changes in their financial position becomes known. Credit terms and limit are set 
based on this assessment, and where appropriate, guarantees or securities are obtained to limit credit risk.
Credit risk arising from property development
The Group and the Company do not have any significant credit risk as its services and products are predominantly 
rendered and sold to a large number of customers comprising substantially property purchasers with financing 
facilities from reputable end-financiers. Credit risks with respect to property purchasers with no end-financing 
facilities are limited as the ownership and rights to the properties revert to the Group and the Company in the 
event of default. The Group and the Company do not have any significant exposure to any individual or counterparty 
nor any major concentration of credit risk related to any financial instruments.
Credit risk arising from concession arrangements
The Group has concentration of credit risk arising from the outstanding receivables and contract assets under 
concession arrangement which are primarily from the Government of Malaysia. The Group monitors the trade 
receivables and contract assets on an ongoing basis and no additional credit risk beyond the amounts allowed for 
collection losses is inherent in the trade receivables of the Group.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
301Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 304 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a. Financial risk management (continued)
ii. Credit risk (continued)
Credit risk arising from property investment
Credit risk arising from outstanding receivables from tenants is minimised by closely monitoring their credit 
worthiness and credit period. In addition, the tenants have placed security deposits with the Group which act as 
collateral. 
Credit risk arising from golfing and sporting activities
Concentration of credit risk with respect to amounts due from members is limited due to the large number of 
members, the security deposits paid by members and advance payment of annual licence fees for individual 
members. Sales to members are usually suspended when outstanding amounts are overdue exceeding 180 days.
Credit risk arising from deposits with licensed banks
Credit risk also arises from deposits with licensed banks. The deposits are placed with credit worthy financial 
institutions. The Group and the Company consider the risk of material loss in the event of non-performance by a 
financial counterparty to be unlikely.
Credit risk arising from other receivables
The Group’s and the Company's historical experience in collection of other receivables fall within the recorded 
allowances. No additional credit risk beyond amounts allowed for collection losses is inherent in the Group’s and 
in the Company's other receivables.
Credit risk arising from subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
The amounts due from subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are monitored closely by the Group and the 
Company. The Group and the Company are of the view that the carrying amounts as at the reporting date are 
recoverable.
The Group's and the Company's maximum credit risk exposure are disclosed in Note 42(c).
iii. Liquidity and cash flow risks
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Group or the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting financial 
obligations when they fall due. The Group maintains a prudent borrowing policy which is aimed towards maintaining 
sufficient cash for all cash flow requirements, managing debt and investment portfolio within the relevant time 
buckets to maturity, obtaining a diverse range of funding sources and keeping an adequate amount of credit 
facilities to provide an ample liquidity cushion.
The Group and the Company perform quarterly twelve-months rolling cash flow projections to ensure that 
requirements are identified as early as possible so that the Group and the Company have sufficient cash to meet 
operational needs. Such projections take into consideration the Group’s and the Company's financing plans and are 
also used for monitoring of covenant compliance.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
302
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 305 ----
5  FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a. Financial risk management (continued)
iii. Liquidity and cash flow risks (continued)
The Group and the Company maintain centralised treasury functions where all funding requirements are managed. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group and the Company have unutilised Islamic Medium Term Notes of RM3,100.0 
million (2022: RM3,700.0 million). The Group and the Company also have unutilised credit facilities of RM1,764.3 
million (2022: RM1,679.1 million) and RM1,764.3 million (2022: RM1,675.1 million) respectively which it can tap 
upon at an appropriate time.
Cash and cash equivalents of the Group and the Company comprise the following:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Cash held under Housing Development 
Accounts [Note 28]  325,946 386,092  3,133 20,878
Bank balances, deposits and cash  
[Note 29]  276,635  599,225  57,508  143,369
 602,581 985,317 60,641 164,247
The Group believes that its contractual obligations, including those shown in contingent liabilities, material 
litigation and capital commitments in Note 38 can be met from existing cash and investments, operating cash flows, 
credit lines available and other financing that the Group reasonably expects to be able to secure should the need 
arises.
Further details on the undiscounted contractual cash flows of the Group’s and the Company’s financial liabilities as 
at the reporting date are disclosed in Note 42(b).
iv. Foreign currency exchange risk
Foreign currency exchange risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will 
fluctuate because of changes in foreign currency rates. The Group has significant exposure to foreign currency 
translation risk due to its 40% interest in Battersea Project Holding Company Limited group in the United Kingdom. 
The Group does not enter into hedges for its long-term investment in foreign operations. Instead, the Group funds 
its investments with borrowings denominated in the same currencies as a natural hedge, where applicable, to 
minimise adverse impact arising from fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
303Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 306 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
b. Capital management
Capital management refers to implementing measures to maintain sufficient capital to support its businesses. The 
Group’s and the Company’s capital man agement objectives are to ensure its ability to continue as a going concern, 
provide a competitive cost of capital and to maximise shareholders’ value. The Group and the Company are committed 
towards optimising their capital structure, which includes balancing between debt and equity, and putting in place 
appropriate dividend and financing policies which influence the level of debt and equity.
i. Rating by External Rating Agency
Malaysian Rating Corporation Berhad has reaffirmed its AA+IS rating with a stable outlook on the Company’s Islamic 
Medium Term Notes (IMTN) Programme of RM4.5 billion.
ii. Gearing ratios
The Group and the Company use the gearing ratio to assess the appropriateness of their debt levels, hence 
determining their capital structure. The Group and the Company maintain a debt to equity ratio that complies with 
debt covenants and regulatory requirements. The ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total equity.
The Group’s and the Company’s gearing ratios are as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Borrowings
– principal 2,878,261 3,029,076 1,833,920 1,468,233
– interest 15,761 8,769 11,474 2,680
Total borrowings 2,894,022 3,037,845 1,845,394 1,470,913
Lease liabilities 45,434 45,596 43,018 8,011
Total debt 2,939,456 3,083,441 1,888,412 1,478,924
Total equity 10,283,512 9,644,796 9,413,806 9,317,826
Gearing ratio 28.6% 32.0% 20.1% 15.9%
Given the moderate gearing level, the Group and the Company still have the capacity to borrow for expansion, 
provided an acceptable level of gearing ratio is maintained.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
304
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 307 ----
6  REVENUE
Group Company
2023 2022
Restated
2023 2022
Revenue from contracts with customers 3,366,988 2,663,767 430,920 337,911
Revenue from other sources:
– rental income from investment properties and 
other assets 69,959 78,369 3,644 5,096
– dividend income from subsidiaries – – 345,007 298,308
– dividend income from associates – – 1,800 1,080
– dividend income from an investment – – – 277
3,436,947 2,742,136 781,371 642,672
Disaggregation of the revenue from contract with 
customers:
Property development 3,218,967 2,530,031 219,697 193,079
Concession arrangement:
– maintenance service charges 30,039 28,504 – –
– supply of chilled water 6,995 6,969 – –
– others 3,947 1,836 – –
Parking fees, utilities and others 15,987 13,619 – –
Leisure:
– golf club activities 61,553 56,021 – –
– food and beverages 27,660 22,600 – –
– others 1,840 4,187 – –
Management fee charged to subsidiaries – – 211,223 144,832
 3,366,988 2,663,767 430,920 337,911
Geographical markets
Malaysia 3,366,988 2,663,767 430,678 337,686
United Kingdom – – 153 124
Singapore – – 89 101
 3,366,988 2,663,767 430,920 337,911
Timing of revenue recognition
Over time 3,062,609 2,306,418 430,920 320,583
At a point in time 304,379 357,349 – 17,328
 3,366,988 2,663,767 430,920 337,911
Revenue from contracts with customers of the Group and of the Company include RM332.9 million (2022: RM230.8 million) 
and RM88.3 million (2022: RM92.8 million) respectively that were included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the 
reporting period.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
305Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 308 ----
7 COST OF SALES
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Property development costs 2,066,946 1,571,078 137,548 114,143
Cost of completed development units sold 107,262 102,336 – –
Write-down of inventories 8,756 6,270 – –
Write-off of inventories 10,451 3,125 – –
Other direct expenses 111,515 119,623 (593) 6,848
Cost under concession arrangement 23,611 21,462 – –
Employee costs 91,408 83,984 1,551 2,045
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 6,546 6,254 18 17
Amortisation of intangible assets 238 236 – –
Rental of land and buildings 27 330 – –
Hire of plant and machinery 1,234 865 – –
2,427,994 1,915,563 138,524 123,053
8 OTHER OPERATING (EXPENSES)/INCOME
Group Company
2023 2022
Restated
2023 2022
Net changes in fair value on investment properties (33,576) (51,601) – –
Forfeiture income 13,674 3,995 80 249
Interest from stakeholders, customers and others 2,674 9,609 44 622
Recoveries and claims 1,125 1,403 1,122 –
Rental income 1,182 1,481 491 608
Non-refundable tender deposits 1,061 942 76 70
Maintenance charges 1,328 462 55 114
Other miscellaneous income 2,726 4,476 757 686
(9,806) (29,233) 2,625 2,349
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
306
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 309 ----
9 SELLING, MARKETING, ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER EXPENSES
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Selling and marketing expenses 149,857 118,065 19,561 17,035
Administrative and other expenses 242,866 243,036 250,057 287,752
 392,723 361,101 269,618 304,787
Selling, marketing, administrative and other 
expenses comprise the following:
Depreciation, amortisation, impairment losses and 
write-off
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 23,050 23,333 10,756 9,293
Amortisation of intangible assets 1,896 2,184 1,404 1,723
Impairment losses on:
 – amount due from subsidiaries * – – 2,939 83,383
 – receivables 3,364 4,591 490 556
Reversal of impairment losses on receivables (6,429) (1,827) – –
Write-off of property, plant and equipment 350 1 – –
 22,231 28,282 15,589 94,955
Auditors' remuneration
Fees for statutory audits
– PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia 1,623 1,621 360 358
– PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited 626 470 – –
– other firm 150 144 – –
Fees for other assurance-related services
– PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia 357 354 270 269
 2,756 2,589 630 627
Fees for non-audit services
– PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia 30 120 10 107
– PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited 37 144 – –
 2,823 2,853 640 734
* During the financial year, the Company recognised net impairment loss on amount due from subsidiaries of RM2.9 million. 
The net impairment loss on amount due from subsidiaries of RM2.9 million represents a net reversal of impairment loss on 
amount due from subsidiaries of RM28.6 million (Note 26) offset by an impairment loss on an investment in a subsidiary of 
RM31.6 million (Note 22).
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
307Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 310 ----
9 SELLING, MARKETING, ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER EXPENSES (CONTINUED)
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Selling, marketing, administrative and other 
expenses comprise the following: (continued)
Employee and Directors costs
Employee costs 176,336 152,405 189,095 154,892
Directors' fees and allowances 3,671 3,400 3,671 3,400
180,007 155,805 192,766 158,292
Others
Advertising and promotion 80,650 73,906 17,934 15,163
Sales commission 25,336 11,401 1,627 1,872
IT related expenses 16,987 16,281 16,225 15,543
Contribution to Yayasan Sime Darby 9,476 20,000 – (3,300)
Rental of buildings 112 92 – –
Hire of plant and machinery 777 752 363 418
Other operating expenses 54,324 51,729 24,474 21,110
187,662 174,161 60,623 50,806
Total 392,723 361,101 269,618 304,787
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
308
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 311 ----
10 EMPLOYEE AND DIRECTORS COSTS
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Employee and Directors costs included in:
– cost of sales 91,408 83,984 1,551 2,045
– selling, marketing, administrative and other  
 expenses 180,007 155,805 192,766 158,292
 271,415 239,789 194,317 160,337
Staff:
– salaries, allowances, overtime and bonus 194,843 177,187 134,958 117,880
– defined contribution plan 29,716 27,942 21,443 17,890
– long-term employee benefit 8,173 – 8,173 –
– training, insurance and other benefits 26,953 26,627 18,013 16,534
 259,685 231,756 182,587 152,304
Executive Directors:
– salaries, allowances and bonus 5,193 3,994 5,193 3,994
– defined contribution plan 753 639 753 639
– long-term employee benefit 2,113 – 2,113 –
 8,059 4,633 8,059 4,633
Non-Executive Directors:
– fees 3,671 3,400 3,671 3,400
Total 271,415 239,789 194,317 160,337
Non-Executive Directors fees include fees paid to Permodalan Nasional Berhad ("PNB") for the Chairman and a director of the 
Company, whom are nominee directors representing PNB.
Estimated monetary value of benefits received by the Executive and Non-Executive Directors from the Company amounted 
to RM17,030 (2022: RM23,058) and RM196,470 (2022: RM317,792) respectively. The Directors did not receive any benefits 
from the subsidiaries.
During the financial year, a Director of the Company purchased a property amounting to RM0.5 million (2022: RM1.9 million).
Other than as disclosed above, there were no compensation to Directors for loss of office, no loans, quasi-loans and other 
dealings in favour of Directors and no material contracts subsisting as at 31 December 2023 or if not then subsisting, entered 
into since the end of the previous financial year by the Company or its subsidiaries which involved the interests of Directors.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
309Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 312 ----
11 JOINT VENTURES
The Group’s interest in the joint ventures, their respective principal activities and countries of incorporation are shown in 
Note 44.
The Group’s joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method in the financial statements.
In the opinion of the Directors, the joint ventures that are material to the Group are as follows:
Name of joint ventures Description
Battersea Project Holding Company 
Limited ("Battersea")
Battersea is a joint venture between Setia International Limited, Kwasa Global 
(Jersey) Limited and Sime Darby Property (Hong Kong) Limited. Battersea was 
formed to acquire and develop the Battersea Power Station site in London, United 
Kingdom, which is a strategic investment for the Group to expand its footprint into 
a key international market for property development and investment.
Sime Darby Property - LOGOS Property 
Industrial Development Fund 1 LP 
(formerly known as Sime Darby 
Property Industrial Development 
Fund LP) ("IDF" or "the Fund ")
The IDF was formed, in partnership with LOGOS Property Group Limited ("LOGOS 
Property") as co-sponsor and investors in the Fund. The Fund is also anchored by 
Ombak Real Estate 2 Sdn Bhd ("OMBAK"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Permodalan Nasional Berhad ("PNB"), and Kumpulan Wang Persaraan 
(Diperbadankan) ("KWAP"). The investment objective of the Fund is to make 
Shariah compliant investments, directly or indirectly, in real estate and real estate 
related assets for industrial and logistics purposes in Malaysia. The IDF will invest 
principally in the development of build-to-lease and/or build-to-sell industrial & 
logistics projects and real estate assets located primarily in Bandar Bukit Raja, 
Selangor, Malaysia.
The Group’s investments in joint ventures are as follows:
Group
Material joint
ventures Others Total
2023
Share of results (110,260) (9,669) (119,929)
Group adjustments 61,878 – 61,878
Share of results after unrealised profit (48,382) (9,669) (58,051)
Unquoted shares, at costs 3,190,143 125,788 3,315,931
Group adjustments (10,457) – (10,457)
Share of post-acquisition reserves (283,979) 49,898 (234,081)
Shareholder’s advances – 64,396 64,396
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2023 2,895,707 240,082 3,135,789
Dividend income – 1,000 1,000
Unrecognised share of loss:
– At 1 January 2023 – 39,015 39,015
– Total for the financial year – 5,543 5,543
– At 31 December 2023 – 44,558 44,558
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
310
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 313 ----
11 JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
The Group’s investments in joint ventures are as follows: (continued)
Group
Material joint
ventures Others Total
2022 
Share of results (24,295) 15,008 (9,287)
Group adjustments (18,469) – (18,469)
Share of results after unrealised profit (42,764) 15,008 (27,756)
Unquoted shares, at costs 3,177,366 109,613 3,286,979
Group adjustments (72,335) – (72,335)
Share of post-acquisition reserves (451,392) 57,590 (393,802)
Shareholder’s advances – 64,396 64,396
Carrying amount as at 31 December 2022 2,653,639 231,599 2,885,238
Dividend income – 5,750 5,750
Unrecognised share of loss:
– At 1 January 2022 – 35,920 35,920
– Total for the financial year – 3,095 3,095
– At 31 December 2022 – 39,015 39,015
The Company’s investment in a joint venture is as follows:
Company
2023 2022
Unquoted shares, at costs 125 125
Shareholder’s advance 28,785 28,785
Accumulated impairment losses (28,910) (28,910)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year – –
The shareholder’s advance to joint ventures of the Group and the Company are unsecured and interest free with no fixed term 
of repayment. The advance is considered as part of the Group’s and the Company’s investment in the joint venture.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
311Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 314 ----
11 JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
a. Material joint ventures of the Group
Summarised financial information
The information below reflects the amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group's material 
joint ventures.
i. The summarised statements of comprehensive income of the material joint ventures are as follows:
IDF Battersea
2023 2022 2023 2022
Revenue – – 1,484,102 5,478,435
Write-down of inventories – – (149,169) (28,930)
Net fair value gain/(loss) on investment 
properties 300 – (21,004) 101,713
Depreciation and amortisation – – (5,582) (3,924)
Finance income 20 56 3,193 585
Finance cost (1,157) (725) (119,988) (38,252)
Loss before taxation (4,667) (5,758) (265,702) (52,672)
Taxation – – (3,531) (148)
Loss for the financial year (4,667) (5,758) (269,233) (52,820)
Share of results (2,567) (3,167) (107,693) (21,128)
Share of results from Battersea for the current financial year includes a share of profit amounting to RM16.5 million 
from the adoption of MFRS 17 "Insurance Contracts", which is effective for the current financial year. Battersea has 
applied MFRS 17 in relation to its rights and obligation under a sale and purchase agreement ("SPA") on the disposal 
of a property. Under the SPA, Battersea provides a 5-year rental guarantee in return for an upside adjustment at 
the end of the fifth year following practical completion if the net operating income exceeds a prescribed yield or 
vice versa. No retrospective adjustment to prior years have been made as the impact is insignificant.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
312
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 315 ----
11 JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
a. Material joint ventures of the Group (continued)
Summarised financial information (continued)
The information below reflects the amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements of the Group's material 
joint ventures. (continued)
ii. The summarised statements of financial position of the material joint ventures are as follows:
IDF Battersea
2023 2022
Restated
2023 2022
Non-current assets 708,416 395,526 5,960,483 3,123,328
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 9,394 15,227 421,562 289,958
Other current assets 13,309 20,316 5,599,196 7,775,172
 22,703 35,543 6,020,758 8,065,130
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities (excluding payables) 263,218 115,809 2,506,092 3,437,272
Other non-current liabilities – – 38,778 142,299
 263,218 115,809 2,544,870 3,579,571
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities (excluding payables) 183,221 127,506 1,798,081 180,703
Other current liabilities – – 764,314 871,412
 183,221 127,506 2,562,395 1,052,115
Net assets 284,680 187,754 6,873,976 6,556,772
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
313Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 316 ----
11 JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
a. Material joint ventures of the Group (continued)
Summarised financial information (continued)
Reconciliation of share of net assets:
IDF Battersea
2023 2022 2023 2022
Net assets
At 1 January 187,754 – 6,556,772 7,723,490
Capital injection during the financial year 101,593 193,512 – 538,377
Total comprehensive loss for the financial year (4,667) (5,758) (269,233) (52,820)
Capital repayment during the financial year – – (107,746) (1,214,436)
Exchange differences – – 694,183 (437,839)
At 31 December 284,680 187,754 6,873,976 6,556,772
Group’s interest in the joint venture 55% 55% 40% 40%
Group's share of net assets 156,574 103,265 2,749,590 2,622,709
Group adjustments (10,457) (72,335) – –
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 146,117 30,930 2,749,590 2,622,709
Capital commitments and contingent liabilities
There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the joint ventures. The Group’s commitments in 
relation to its joint ventures are disclosed in Note 38(c)(ii).
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
314
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 317 ----
12 ASSOCIATES
The Group’s interest in the associates, their respective principal activities and countries of incorporation are shown in Note 44.
The Group’s associates are accounted for using the equity method in the financial statements.
In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has no associate which is individually material as at 31 December 2023.
The Group’s and the Company's investments in associates are as follows:
Group
2023 2022
Share of results 5,309 1,661
Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income (2,031) 979
Share of total comprehensive income for the financial year 3,278 2,640
Dividend income 1,800 1,080
Group
2023 2022
Unquoted shares, at costs 36,203 36,203
Share of post-acquisition reserves 99,101 99,259
Shareholder’s advance 1,185 14,898
Accumulated impairment losses (167) (1,803)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 136,322 148,557
Company
2023 2022
Unquoted shares, at costs 36,000 36,000
Shareholder’s advance 1,185 14,898
Accumulated impairment losses – (1,746)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 37,185 49,152
Dividend income 1,800 1,080
The shareholder’s advance to an associate is unsecured and bears interest at a rate of 7.65% (2022: 6.40%) per annum. The 
advance is considered as part of the Group’s and the Company’s investment in the associate.
Capital commitments and contingent liabilities
There are neither capital commitment nor contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associates.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
315Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 318 ----
13 OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES)
Group Company
2023 2022
Restated
2023 2022
Gain/(Loss) on disposal of:
– subsidiares – 53,020 – –
– property, plant and equipment 49 2 2 3
– investment properties (12) – – –
Loss on lease modification – (12,788) – –
(Impairment losses)/Reversal of impairment losses on:
– property, plant and equipment (529) (3) – –
– investment in subsidiaries * – – (93,757) (3,317)
– investment in an associate – – 1,746 –
Loss from liquidation of subsidiaries (1,516) – – (22)
Reversal of provision on obligation for a property 
disposed 9,701 – – –
Foreign currency exchange gains/(losses) 8,937 (138) (30,663) 44,982
16,630 40,093 (122,672) 41,646
* During the financial year, the Company recognised net impairment loss on investment in subsidiaries amounting to RM93.8 
million. The net impairment loss on investment in subsidiaries of RM93.8 million represents impairment on investment in 
subsidiaries of RM125.3 million (Note 22) and a reversal of impairment loss on amount due from subsidiaries of RM31.6 
million (Note 26).
14 FINANCE INCOME
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Finance income arising from:
– accretion of interest on:
– contract assets [Note 27(a)] 83,351 86,654 – –
– receivables 80 95 – –
– banks and other financial institutions 23,467 15,354 2,240 3,509
– subsidiaries – – 55,031 51,426
– joint ventures 4,704 3,893 4,704 3,753
– an associate 2,061 – 2,061 –
113,663 105,996 64,036 58,688
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
316
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 319 ----
15 FINANCE COSTS
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Finance costs charged by:
– banks and other financial institutions 21,860 24,731 – 5,234
– non-controlling interest 5,472 6,349 – –
– lease liabilities [Note 35] 1,493 2,118 141 383
Accretion of interest on:
– payables 4,134 4,329 – –
– provisions [Note 36] 4,542 4,131 – –
 37,501 41,658 141 5,617
Islamic financing distribution payment:
– Syndicated Islamic term financing 35,660 40,696 – –
– Islamic Medium Term Notes 36,251 27,370 36,251 27,370
– Term loans and revolving credits 37,159 35,801 28,273 21,822
109,070 103,867 64,524 49,192
Total finance costs 146,571 145,525 64,665 54,809
Interest capitalised in:
– investment properties [Note 20] (8,970) – – –
– inventories [Note 21] (63,932) (48,152) – –
Net finance costs 73,669 97,373 64,665 54,809
The Group's weighted average capitalisation rate in determining interest eligible for capitalisation is 4.6% (2022: 4.5%)  
per annum.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
317Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 320 ----
16 TAXATION
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Income tax:
In respect of current financial year
– Malaysian income tax 160,615 142,287 17,700 11,318
In respect of prior financial years
– Malaysian income tax (8,210) 163 1,016 (312)
Total income tax 152,405 142,450 18,716 11,006
Deferred tax: [Note 25]
– origination and reversal of temporary differences 40,302 (2,047) (3,259) (6,815)
– under/(over) provision in prior financial years 69 6,759 (401) (2,807)
Total deferred tax expense/(credit) 40,371 4,712 (3,660) (9,622)
Total taxation 192,776 147,162 15,056 1,384
Tax reconciliation
Reconciliation from tax at applicable tax rate to tax expense are as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Profit before taxation 610,306 458,860 252,553 262,706
Less:
Share of results of:
– joint ventures [Note 11] 58,051 27,756 – –
– associates [Note 12] (5,309) (1,661) – –
663,048 484,955 252,553 262,706
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
318
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 321 ----
16 TAXATION (CONTINUED)
Tax reconciliation (continued)
Reconciliation from tax at applicable tax rate to tax expense are as follows: (continued)
Group Company
2023 2022
Restated
2023 2022
Tax at the domestic rates applicable to profits in the 
country concerned 169,124 119,331 60,613 63,049
Effect of tax incentives and income not subject to tax:
– single tier and tax exempt dividends – – (83,234) (71,920)
– foreign currency exchange gains (net) (1,424) (429) – (10,790)
– others (4,655) (89) – –
Effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes:
– impairment losses on amounts due from 
 subsidiaries – – 705 20,145
– impairment losses on investment in subsidiaries  
 and an associate (net) – – 22,083 796
– depreciation and amortisation 6,660 4,720 1,076 818
– foreign currency exchange losses (net) – – 7,359 –
– others 11,806 4,939 5,839 2,405
Different tax rates arising from fair value of 
investment properties at real property gains  
tax rate 288 1,511 – –
Differences in tax rate under "Cukai Makmur" 
(prosperity tax)* – 8,487 – –
Movement in unrecognised deferred tax assets 19,118 1,770 – –
(Over)/Under provision in prior years (8,141) 6,922 615 (3,119)
Taxation for the financial year 192,776 147,162 15,056 1,384
Applicable tax rate (%) 17.0 – 24.0 17.0 – 33.0* 24.0 24.0
Effective tax rate (%) 30.3 28.9 5.7 1.7
The applicable tax of the Group represents the applicable taxes of all companies under the Group based on their respective 
domestic tax rate.
* For year of assessment 2022, the Cukai Makmur is applicable for companies within the Group with chargeable income in 
excess of RM100.0 million, whereby chargeable income for the first RM100.0 million is taxed at 24% and the portion of 
chargeable income in excess of RM100.0 million is taxed at 33%.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
319Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 322 ----
17 EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company are computed as follows:
Group
2023 2022
Profit for the financial year attributable to the owners of the Company 407,914 315,839
Number of ordinary shares in issue (thousand) 6,800,839 6,800,839
Basic earnings per share (sen) 6.0 4.6
The basic and diluted earnings per share is the same as there is no dilutive potential ordinary shares in issue as at the end o f 
the financial year.
18 DIVIDENDS
Group/Company
2023 2022
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023, a single tier dividend 
of 1.0 sen per ordinary share which was paid on 19 October 2023 68,008 –
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022, second single tier dividend 
of 1.0 sen per ordinary share which was paid on 28 March 2023 68,008 –
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022, a single tier dividend 
of 1.0 sen per ordinary share which was paid on 19 October 2022 – 68,008
136,016 68,008
The Board of Directors had on 22 February 2024, declared a second single tier dividend in respect of the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 of 1.5 sen per ordinary share amounting to RM102.0 million. The second single tier dividend is payable 
on 8 May 2024 to shareholders whose names appeared in the Record of Depositors and Register of Members of the Company 
at the close of business on 15 April 2024.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
320
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 323 ----
19 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Group
Freehold
 land
Leasehold
land
Buildings
and golf
course
Plant and
machinery
Renovation,
fixtures,
equipment
and vehicles
Work in
progress Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 58,619 51,088 413,592 996 43,863 18,185 586,343
Additions – – 3,044 1,559 15,480 17,404 37,487
Impairment losses – – (529) – – – (529)
Write-off ––––– ( 3 5 0 ) ( 3 5 0 )
Disposal – – – – (10) – (10)
Reclassification – 14,860 (14,860) – 3,153 (3,153) –
Depreciation [Notes 7 & 9] – (1,030) (16,086) (387) (12,093) – (29,596)
At 31 December 2023 58,619 64,918 385,161 2,168 50,393 32,086 593,345
Cost 58,619 84,614 656,369 42,237 219,027 32,086 1,092,952
Accumulated depreciation – (16,331) (264,592) (40,019) (168,214) – (489,156)
Accumulated impairment losses – (3,365) (6,616) (50) (420) – (10,451)
Carrying amount at the end of 
the financial year 58,619 64,918 385,161 2,168 50,393 32,086 593,345
2022
At 1 January 2022 58,619 52,118 440,994 1,366 47,309 14,841 615,247
Additions – – 508 18 6,572 4,182 11,280
Impairment losses –––– ( 3 ) – ( 3 )
Write-off – – – – (1) – (1)
Disposal – – (5,032) – * – (5,032)
Disposal of subsidiaries – – (5,380) (40) (17) – (5,437)
Reclassification –––– 8 3 8 ( 8 3 8 ) –
Depreciation [Notes 7 & 9] – (1,030) (17,498) (348) (10,711) – (29,587)
Exchange differences – – – – (124) – (124)
At 31 December 2022 58,619 51,088 413,592 996 43,863 18,185 586,343
Cost 58,619 61,643 681,748 40,687 209,215 18,185 1,070,097
Accumulated depreciation – (7,190) (258,798) (39,641) (164,363) – (469,992)
Accumulated impairment losses – (3,365) (9,358) (50) (989) – (13,762)
Carrying amount at the end of 
the financial year 58,619 51,088 413,592 996 43,863 18,185 586,343
*  less than RM1,000
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
321Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 324 ----
19 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
Renovation,
fixtures,
equipment Work in
Company Buildings and vehicles progress Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 7,625 6,182 2,992 16,799
Additions 42,911 4,196 160 47,267
Disposal –* –*
Reclassification – 3,152 (3,152) –
Depreciation [Notes 7 & 9] (7,625) (3,149) – (10,774)
At 31 December 2023 42,911 10,381 – 53,292
Cost 42,911 52,596 – 95,507
Accumulated depreciation – (42,215) – (42,215)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 42,911 10,381 – 53,292
2022
At 1 January 2022 15,249 5,351 – 20,600
Additions – 2,517 2,992 5,509
Disposal – * – *
Depreciation [Notes 7 & 9] (7,624) (1,686) – (9,310)
At 31 December 2022 7,625 6,182 2,992 16,799
Cost 22,874 45,327 2,992 71,193
Accumulated depreciation (15,249) (39,145) – (54,394)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 7,625 6,182 2,992 16,799
* less than RM1,000
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
322
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 325 ----
19 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
 a. Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets included in property, plant and equipment are as follows:
Buildings
Leasehold and golf
Group land course Vehicles Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 51,088 266,809 2,749 320,646
Additions – 1,753 117 1,870
Reclassification 14,860 203 – 15,063
Depreciation (1,030) (8,713) (1,576) (11,319)
At 31 December 2023 64,918 260,052 1,290 326,260
Cost 84,614 413,587 7,436 505,637
Accumulated depreciation (16,331) (149,835) (6,146) (172,312)
Accumulated impairment losses (3,365) (3,700) – (7,065)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 64,918 260,052 1,290 326,260
2022
At 1 January 2022 52,118 280,641 4,282 337,041
Additions – 238 – 238
Disposal of subsidiaries – (5,380) – (5,380)
Depreciation (1,030) (8,690) (1,533) (11,253)
At 31 December 2022 51,088 266,809 2,749 320,646
Cost 61,643 416,999 7,319 485,961
Accumulated depreciation (7,190) (143,219) (4,570) (154,979)
Accumulated impairment losses (3,365) (6,971) – (10,336)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 51,088 266,809 2,749 320,646
 
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
323Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 326 ----
19 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
a. Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets included in property, plant and equipment are as follows:
Company Buildings Vehicles Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 7,625 86 7,711
Additions 42,911 – 42,911
Depreciation (7,625) (80) (7,705)
At 31 December 2023 42,911 6 42,917
Cost 42,911 297 43,208
Accumulated depreciation – (291) (291)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 42,911 6 42,917
2022
At 1 January 2022 15,249 166 15,415
Depreciation (7,624) (80) (7,704)
At 31 December 2022 7,625 86 7,711
Cost 22,874 297 23,171
Accumulated depreciation (15,249) (211) (15,460)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 7,625 86 7,711
The Company's Right-of-use building is leased from a subsidiary company.
b. Assets pledged as security
As at 31 December 2023, property, plant and equipment of certain subsidiaries with a total carrying amount of RM65.3 
million (2022: RM67.1 million) were pledged as security for borrowings of the Group (see Note 34).
c. Additions of property, plant and equipment
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Additions 37,487 11,280 47,267 5,509
Financed by lease liabilities (141) – (42,911) –
Movement in accruals (2,420) – – –
Total cash outflow 34,926 11,280 4,356 5,509
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
324
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 327 ----
20 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Freehold Leasehold
land and land and Work in
Group buildings buildings progress Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 816,591 61,860 206,749 1,085,200
Additions 119,429 1,791 75,403 196,623
Transfer from inventories 22,307 – – 22,307
Transfer to assets held for sale [Note 30] (68,850) – – (68,850)
Reclassification – 3,874 (3,874) – 
Disposal (2,900) – – (2,900)
Net changes in fair value on investment properties (7,606) (1,084) (24,886) (33,576)
Exchange differences – 2,301 – 2,301
At 31 December 2023 878,971 68,742 253,392 1,201,105
2022
At 1 January 2022 809,518 88,652 89,116 987,286
Additions 1,507 – 23,522 25,029
Transfer from inventories [Note 21] – – 252,515 252,515
Disposal of subsidiaries – – (113,468) (113,468)
Adjustment on lease modification – (15,507) – (15,507)
Net changes in fair value on investment properties 5,566 (12,231) (44,936) (51,601)
Exchange differences – 946 – 946
At 31 December 2022 816,591 61,860 206,749 1,085,200
Included in the above are:
Group
2023 2022
Investment properties at fair value 1,136,088 1,025,986
Investment properties at cost 65,017 59,214
At end of the financial year 1,201,105 1,085,200
Movement of investment properties at cost during the financial year are mainly additions of RM60.9 million (2022: RM18.2 
million), transfer to investment properties at fair value of RM55.0 million (2022: RM Nil), transfer from inventories of RM Nil  
(2022: RM65.4 million) and disposal of subsidiaries of RM Nil (2022: RM113.5 million).
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
325Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 328 ----
20 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
a. Additions of investment properties
Group
2023 2022
Additions 196,623 25,029
Movement in accruals (16,905) (9,078)
Interest capitalised [Note 15] (8,970) – 
Total cash outflow 170,748 15,951
b. Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets included in investment properties are as follows:
Leasehold
land and Work in
Group buildings progress Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 61,860 151,192 213,052
Additions 1,791 13,452 15,243
Reclassification 3,874 (3,874) – 
Fair value adjustments (1,084) (23,653) (24,737)
Exchange differences 2,301 – 2,301
At 31 December 2023 68,742 137,117 205,859
2022
At 1 January 2022 88,652 920 89,572
Additions – 8,102 8,102
Transfer from inventories – 187,106 187,106
Adjustment on lease modification (15,507) – (15,507)
Fair value adjustments (12,231) (44,936) (57,167)
Exchange differences 946 – 946
At 31 December 2022 61,860 151,192 213,052
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
326
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 329 ----
20 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
 c. Fair Value
The fair value of the Group's investment properties are determined using Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy of 
MFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurements, which are measured by reference to valuation by independent professional valuers.
Properties valued using the investment method are based on the rental expected to be achieved, location, size and 
condition of the properties, taking into consideration outgoings such as quit rent and assessment, utilities and other 
general expenses. Key inputs consist of term yield, reversion yield and rental per square foot. Properties valued using 
the comparable method are derived from transacted prices per square foot from sales of comparable properties, 
adjusted for the property size, location and date of transaction.
Investment properties under construction are measured at cost until either the fair value becomes reliably determinable.
The Level 3 inputs or unobservable inputs include:
 Term yield  Ba sed on current contractual rentals and actual net lettable occupied, including 
revision upon renewal of tenancies during the financial year
 Reversion yield  Current market rates with reference to the latest renewals concluded, asking rentals 
and also the term rentals passing
 Price per square foot (psf)  Estimated price psf for which a property should exchange on the date of valuation 
between a willing buyer and a willing seller
The following table provides the fair value of the Group's investment properties measured at Level 3:
Group
2023 2022
Restated
Investment properties:
– Retail 521,007 504,651
– Commercial buildings 356,353 351,580
– Others 258,728 169,755
 1,136,088 1,025,986
Significant unobservable inputs Inter-relationship between significant  
unobservable inputs and fair value measurement
Term and reversion yield Higher yield, lower fair value
Price per square foot Higher price, higher fair value
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
327Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 330 ----
20 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
c. Fair Value (continued)
Impact of a reasonably possible change in key inputs for investment properties with significant changes in fair value 
during the year is illustrated below:
Investment
properties
Valuation
techniques
Significant
unobservable input
Impact of changes in key
 input to fair value*
2023 2022
Restated
Retail Comparison method Price per square foot – 15,500
Investment method Term and reversion yield 49,000 32,000
Commercial buildings Comparison method Price per square foot 10,260 10,260
Investment method Term and reversion yield 21,459 21,106
Others Comparison method Price per square foot 22,752 13,691
Investment method Term and reversion yield 4,000 4,000
* Changes in term and reversion yield rates by 50 basis points (2022: 50 basis points) and price per square foot by 10% 
(2022: 10%) are used as these are the key inputs subjected to changes in market conditions.
Description of valuation techniques used and key inputs to valuation on investment properties measured at Level 3 are 
as follows:
Valuation techniques
Significant unobservable inputs
Term
yield
Reversion
yield
Price
psf
%% R M
2023
Retail Investment method 5.00 – 6.50 5.50 – 6.50 N/A
Commercial buildings Investment method 5.75 – 6.25 6.00 – 6.50 N/A
Comparison method N/A N/A 205 – 556
Others Investment method 4.75 5.25 N/A
Comparison method N/A N/A 3 – 93
2022
Restated
Retail Investment method 5.75 6.25 N/A
Comparison method N/A N/A 520
Commercial buildings Investment method 5.75 – 6.25 6.00 – 6.50 N/A
Comparison method N/A N/A 205 – 556
Others Investment method 4.75 5.25 N/A
Comparison method N/A N/A 3 – 24
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
328
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 331 ----
20 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
 d. Assets pledged as security
As at 31 December 2023, investment properties of certain subsidiaries with a total carrying amount of RM286.8 million 
(2022: RM334.4 million) were pledged as security for borrowings of the Group (see Note 34).
 e. Operating leases
Rental income generated from and direct operating expenses incurred on the Group's investment properties are  
as follows:
Group
2023 2022
Rental income 61,537 57,932
Direct operating expenses (38,783) (33,918)
The future minimum lease payments receivable under operating leases contracted for as at the end of reporting peiod 
but not recognised as receivable are as follows:
Group
2023 2022
Lease payments due:
– not later than 1 year 45,899 44,660
– later than 1 year and not later than 2 years 37,383 21,392
– later than 2 years and not later than 3 years 21,998 13,786
– later than 3 years and not later than 4 years 8,986 5,684
– later than 4 years and not later than 5 years 6,313 5,493
– later than 5 years 90,187 87,446
 210,766 178,461
The Group entered into non-cancellable operating lease agreements on its investment properties. These leases have 
remaining non-cancellable lease term ranging from 1 to 25 years (2022: ranging from 1 to 26 years).
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
329Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 332 ----
21 INVENTORIES
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Non-current
Land held for property development [note (a)]  4,450,388 4,016,559 1,144,629 1,076,741
Current
Cost:
– completed development units 165,899 126,451 6,001 6,001
– finished goods, raw materials and consumables 1,020 640 – – 
Net realisable value:
– completed development units 77,467 150,798 – – 
 244,386 277,889 6,001 6,001
Property development costs [note(b)]  1,800,201 1,249,389 114,763 101,501
2,044,587 1,527,278 120,764 107,502
Total inventories 6,494,975 5,543,837 1,265,393 1,184,243
During the financial year, the Group and the Company recognised inventories cost of RM2,193.4 million (2022: RM1,682.8 
million) and RM137.5 million (2022: RM114.1 million), respectively, as cost of sales.
The cost of sales included write-down of inventories to net realisable value by the Group of RM8.8 million (2022: RM6.3 
million) and write-off of inventories by the Group of RM10.5 million (2022: RM3.1 million).
As at 31 December 2023, certain inventories of the Group with a total carrying amount of RM161.6 million (2022: RM230.8 
million) were pledged as security for borrowings of the Group (see Note 34).
a. Land held for property development
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
At 1 January 4,016,559 3,869,520 1,076,741 1,057,817
Additions
– land cost 789,226 – – – 
– development costs 717,775 469,864 125,303 94,524
Write-down (5,744) – – – 
Write-off (5,552) (32) – – 
Acquisition of non-controlling interests 
[Note 37]  (147,048) – – – 
Transfer to property development costs 
[note (b)]  (914,828) (322,793) (57,415) (75,600)
At 31 December 4,450,388 4,016,559 1,144,629 1,076,741
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
330
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 333 ----
21 INVENTORIES (CONTINUED)
 a. Land held for property development (continued)
Land held for property development is analysed as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Freehold land, at cost 2,134,856 1,401,603 893,966 899,071
Leasehold land, at cost 417,985 467,967 – – 
Development costs 1,897,547 2,146,989 250,663 177,670
 4,450,388 4,016,559 1,144,629 1,076,741
 b. Property development costs
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
At 1 January 1,249,389 1,592,449 101,501 98,110
Development costs incurred during the 
financial year  1,814,277 1,216,962 93,395 41,934
Costs recognised during the financial year 
[Note 7]  (2,066,946) (1,571,078) (137,548) (114,143)
Transfer (to)/from:
– investment properties [Note 20] – (252,515) – – 
– land held for property development  
 [note (a)]  914,828 322,793 57,415 75,600
– completed development units (106,448) (57,403) – – 
Reversal of write-down – 1,274 – – 
Write-off (4,899) (3,093) – – 
At 31 December 1,800,201 1,249,389 114,763 101,501
Property development costs is analysed as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Freehold land, at cost 178,345 159,664 18,780 21,651
Leasehold land, at cost 100,345 89,536 – – 
Development costs 1,521,511 1,000,189 95,983 79,850
1,800,201 1,249,389 114,763 101,501
Included in the Group’s land held for property development and property development costs incurred during the 
financial year are finance costs capitalised amounting to RM63.9 million (2022: RM48.2 million) (see Note 15).
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
331Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 334 ----
22 SUBSIDIARIES
The Group’s effective equity interest in the subsidiaries, their respective principal activities and countries of incorporation  
are shown in Note 44.
Company
2023 2022
Unquoted shares:
At cost 9,778,858 9,338,919
Accumulated impairment losses (1,424,044) (1,298,717)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 8,354,814 8,040,202
During the financial year ended 31 December 2023, movement in the carrying amount of subsidiaries include, amongst others, 
capital injections in subsidiaries of RM439.9 million (2022: RM217.8 million) and capital repayment received from subsidiaries 
of RM Nil (2022: RM92.7 million).
Movements in accumulated impairment losses are as follows:
Company
2023 2022
At 1 January 1,298,717 1,340,757
Net impairment losses [note (a)] 125,327 3,317
Liquidation of subsidiaries – (45,357)
At 31 December 1,424,044 1,298,717
a. During the financial year, the Company recognised impairment losses of RM125.3 million, of which RM31.6 million 
relates to additional capital injection in a subsidiary. The impairment loss of RM31.6 million was offset against a 
corresponding reversal of impairment loss on amount due from the subsidiary following additional capital injection in 
that subsidiary (Note 26(c)(i)), resulting in the Company recognising a net impairment losses of RM93.8 million in other 
gains/(losses) (Note 13).
The impairment losses mainly arises from a subsidiary where the cost of investment of the subsidiary exceeds the 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined after considering the estimated future distributions from 
the subsidiary. The estimated future distributions are, in turn, funded by future profits from the ongoing developments, 
inventories and properties of the subsidiary's underlying investment. The estimates are in line with the latest project 
budgets and estimates, barring any unforeseen deviations in project revenue and costs. The estimated future 
distributions are discounted at cost of equity of 9% in deriving the recoverable amount. A reasonably possible increase 
in discount rate by 20 basis points would result in additional impairment loss of RM37.0 million.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
332
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 335 ----
23 INVESTMENTS
Quoted Unquoted
Group/Company shares* shares Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 – 48,633 48,633
Net changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income  – (5,501) (5,501)
At 31 December 2023 – 43,132 43,132
2022
At 1 January 2022 – 53,418 53,418
Net changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income  – (4,785) (4,785)
At 31 December 2022 – 48,633 48,633
*  Quoted shares were fully written down to RM Nil fair value in prior years (2022: RM Nil).
24 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
At 1 January 6,577 7,258 5,057 5,724
Additions 1,725 1,739 1,477 1,056
Amortisation [Notes 7 & 9] (2,134) (2,420) (1,404) (1,723)
At 31 December 6,168 6,577 5,130 5,057
Cost 37,155 35,430 32,347 30,870
Accumulated amortisation (30,987) (28,853) (27,217) (25,813)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year
 6,168 6,577 5,130 5,057
The intangible assets for the Group and the Company comprise mainly computer software.
 a. Additions of intangible assets
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Additions 1,725 1,739 1,477 1,056
Movement in accruals 981 – 981 – 
Total cash outflow 2,706 1,739 2,458 1,056
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
333Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 336 ----
25 DEFERRED TAX
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Deferred tax assets 549,156 601,790 39,158 35,498
Deferred tax liabilities (306,353) (316,650) – – 
242,803 285,140 39,158 35,498
The amount of deductible temporary differences, which have no expiry dates, and unutilised tax losses for which no deferred 
tax asset is recognised in the statements of financial position are as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022
Restated
2023 2022
Unutilised tax losses 817,834 759,489 – – 
Deductible temporary differences 734,648 713,335 – – 
 1,552,482 1,472,824 – – 
Deferred tax assets not recognised 372,596 353,478 – – 
Under the Malaysia Finance Act 2021 which was gazetted on 31 December 2021, the time limit to utilise tax losses is limited to 
a maximum of 10 consecutive years, effective from year of assessment 2019 onwards. Unutilised tax losses brought forward 
from year of assessment 2018 and preceding years of assessment can be carried forward up to 2028 under the special provision.
Unutilised tax losses for which no deferred tax asset is recognised:
Group
2023 2022
Restated
– expiring in 2028 320,925 349,940
– expiring in 2029 227,028 228,159
– expiring in 2030 96,380 89,775
– expiring in 2031 74,675 71,825
– expiring in 2032 27,410 19,790
– expiring in 2033 71,416 – 
 817,834 759,489
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
334
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 337 ----
25 DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
The components and movements of the deferred tax assets and liabilities during the financial year are as follows:
Group
Property,
plant and
equipment
Investment 
properties Inventories 
Contract
assets 
Allowance 
and 
provision 
Tax
losses and
unabsorbed
capital
allowances Others Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 5,254 (28,496) 363,359 (318,988) 138,700 90,638 34,673 285,140
Reclassification – – (45,094) 45,094 – – – – 
As restated 5,254 (28,496) 318,265 (273,894) 138,700 90,638 34,673 285,140
Recognised in profit or loss:  
[Note 16]
– temporary differences 163 (4,120) (16,506) (13,187) 11,828 (13,689) (4,791) (40,302)
– (under)/over provision in 
   prior financial years  (179) – (3,746) 1,350 833 1,574 99 (69)
– acquisition of non-controlling 
   interests [Note 37] – – (1,802) – – – – (1,802)
Exchange differences – (164) – – – – – (164)
At 31 December 2023 5,238 (32,780) 296,211 (285,731) 151,361 78,523 29,981 242,803
2022
Restated
At 1 January 2022 5,356 (34,999) 405,404 (321,168) 125,114 92,054 28,485 300,246
Reclassification – – (46,443) 46,443 – – – – 
As restated 5,356 (34,999) 358,961 (274,725) 125,114 92,054 28,485 300,246
Recognised in loss or profit : 
[Note 16]
– temporary differences (225) 6,503 (24,965) 671 8,221 6,112 5,730 2,047
–  over/(under) provision in 
  prior financial years  123 – (5,281) 160 5,365 (7,528) 402 (6,759)
– disposal of subsidiaries – – (10,450) – – – – (10,450)
Others – – – – – – 56 56
At 31 December 2022 5,254 (28,496) 318,265 (273,894) 138,700 90,638 34,673 285,140
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
335Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 338 ----
25 DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
The components and movements of the deferred tax assets and liabilities during the financial year are as follows: (continued)
Property, Allowance
plant and Contract and
Company equipment Inventories assets provision Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 (1,161) 18,240 – 18,419 35,498
Reclassification – (9,005) 9,005 – –
As restated (1,161) 9,235 9,005 18,419 35,498
Recognised in profit or loss: [Note 16]
– temporary differences 83 4,501 (3,840) 2,515 3,259
– over provision in prior financial years 9 392 – – 401
At 31 December 2023 (1,069) 14,128 5,165 20,934 39,158
2022
Restated
At 1 January 2022 (567) 14,300 – 12,143 25,876
Reclassification – (12,697) 12,697 – –
As restated (567) 1,603 12,697 12,143 25,876
Recognised in profit or loss: [Note 16]
– temporary differences (268) 6,179 (3,692) 4,596 6,815
– (under)/over provision in prior financial years (326) 1,453 – 1,680 2,807
At 31 December 2022 (1,161) 9,235 9,005 18,419 35,498
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
336
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 339 ----
26 RECEIVABLES
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Restated
Non-current
Trade receivables 47,552 22,928 – –
Deposit – 28,000 – –
Amounts due from:
– joint ventures [note (a)] 89,000 89,000 89,000 89,000
– subsidiaries [note (b)] – – 1,850,104 1,427,231
136,552 139,928 1,939,104 1,516,231
Accumulated impairment losses on: [note (c)]
– amount due from a joint venture (37,210) (37,210) (37,210) (37,210)
– amounts due from subsidiaries – – (104,344) (135,914)
 99,342 102,718 1,797,550 1,343,107
Current
Trade receivables 506,047 528,090 29,070 39,226
Other receivables 50,276 49,623 5,484 5,245
Contract cost assets 20,835 25,305 1,448 1,047
Deposits 98,965 133,722 9,186 7,382
Amounts due from:
– joint ventures [note (a)] 124,211 241,362 124,205 123,246
– subsidiaries [note (b)] – – 115,922 156,498
 800,334 978,102 285,315 332,644
Accumulated impairment losses on: [note (c)]
– trade receivables (69,832) (71,727) – –
– other receivables (36,218) (39,224) (3,839) (3,349)
– amounts due from joint ventures (4,536) (4,536) (4,536) (4,536)
– amounts due from subsidiaries – – (5,013) (2,074)
(110,586) (115,487) (13,388) (9,959)
689,748 862,615 271,927 322,685
Total receivables 789,090 965,333 2,069,477 1,665,792
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
337Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 340 ----
26 RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
Credit quality of financial assets
Trade receivables that are neither past due nor impaired are amounts due from a large number of customers comprise 
substantially property purchasers with financing facilities from reputable end-financiers. In respect of property purchasers 
with no end-financing facilities, ownership and rights to the properties revert to the Group and to the Company in the event 
of default.
Trade receivables also include amounts due from tenants and golf club members. Amounts due from tenants are secured with 
deposits paid by tenants prior to occupancy of premises and rentals paid in advance. Amounts due from golf club members 
are those with good payment track records with the Group. Management monitors closely the trade receivables which are 
past due with outstanding balances exceeding the security deposits.
Other receivables and amounts due from joint ventures and subsidiaries which are not impaired are monitored closely.
a. Amounts due from joint ventures
The amounts due from joint ventures are unsecured, repayable on demand and are non-interest bearing except for the 
following:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Amounts due from joint ventures
Interest bearing 205,125 205,125 205,125 205,125
Accumulated impairment losses
At 1 January/31 December (37,210) (37,210) (37,210) (37,210)
167,915 167,915 167,915 167,915
Non-current
Due later than 1 year 51,790 51,790 51,790 51,790
Current
Due not later than 1 year 116,125 116,125 116,125 116,125
167,915 167,915 167,915 167,915
The amounts due from joint ventures of the Group and the Company bear interest at fixed rates ranging from 4.25% to 
5.0% (2022: 3.8% to 5.0%) per annum.
b. Amounts due from subsidiaries
The amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, repayable on demand and are non-interest bearing except for an 
amount of RM1,719.5 million (2022: RM1,296.7 million) which bears effective interest at 3.90% (2022: 3.59%) per 
annum.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
338
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 341 ----
26 RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
 c. Movements in accumulated impairment losses
Movements in accumulated impairment losses on receivables are as follows:
12-month Lifetime
Group ECL ECL Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 6,240 146,457 152,697
Impairment losses on trade and other receivables 726 2,638 3,364
Reversal of impairment losses on trade and other receivables  (19) (6,410) (6,429)
Write-off – (1,836) (1,836)
At 31 December 2023 6,947 140,849 147,796
Gross carrying amount at the end of the financial year  13,154 923,732 936,886
Carrying value net of ECL at the end of the financial year  6,207 782,883 789,090
2022
At 1 January 2022 6,370 158,012 164,382
Impairment losses on trade and other receivables – 4,591 4,591
Reversal of impairment losses on trade and other receivables  (130) (1,697) (1,827)
Write-off – (14,449) (14,449)
At 31 December 2022 6,240 146,457 152,697
Gross carrying amount at the end of the financial year  22,790 1,095,240 1,118,030
Carrying value net of ECL at the end of the financial year  16,550 948,783 965,333
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
339Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 342 ----
26 RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
c. Movements in accumulated impairment losses (continued)
Movements in accumulated impairment losses on receivables are as follows: (continued)
12-month Lifetime
Company ECL ECL Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 2,473 180,610 183,083
Impairment losses recognised/(reversed) on amounts due from:
– subsidiaries [note (i)] – (28,631) (28,631)
– other receivables 490 – 490
At 31 December 2023 2,963 151,979 154,942
Gross carrying amount at the end of the financial year  9,186 2,215,233 2,224,419
Carrying value net of ECL at the end of the financial year  6,223 2,063,254 2,069,477
2022
At 1 January 2022 1,917 111,676 113,593
Impairment losses on amounts due from:
– subsidiaries – 83,383 83,383
– other receivables 556 – 556
Write-off – (14,449) (14,449)
At 31 December 2022 2,473 180,610 183,083
Gross carrying amount at the end of the financial year  7,382 1,841,493 1,848,875
Carrying value net of ECL at the end of the financial year  4,909 1,660,883 1,665,792
(i) During the financial year, the Company recognised a reversal of ECL amounting to RM31.6 million, with a 
corresponding impairment loss on investment in subsidiaries following additional capital injection in a subsidiary in 
other gains/(losses) (Note 13). The reversal of ECL was effectively reclassified to accumulated impairment loss on 
investment in subsidiaries to reflect the sequence of recovery of receivables and cost of investment. 
Excluding this reclassification, the Company recognised ECL on the amounts due from subsidiaries of RM2.9 million 
(2022: RM83.4 million) as reflected in Note 9 to the financial statements. The ECL is determined after considering 
possible outcomes of expected future recoveries arising from the subsidiaries’ ongoing developments, inventories 
and properties.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
340
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 343 ----
27 CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Contract Assets
Contract assets from concession arrangement  
[note (a)]  1,247,165 1,343,660 – – 
Contract assets from property development  
[note (b)] 1,002,690 1,009,855 39,096 19,027
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year  2,249,855 2,353,515 39,096 19,027
Non-current
Due later than 1 year 1,110,987 1,199,242 – – 
Current
Due not later than 1 year 1,138,868 1,154,273 39,096 19,027
 2,249,855 2,353,515 39,096 19,027
Contract Liabilities
Contract liabilities from property development 
[note (b)]  227,862 324,165 47,129 88,328
Golf club activities and golf club membership fees 
[note (c)]  270,403 261,894 – – 
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year  498,265 586,059 47,129 88,328
Non-current
Due later than 1 year 262,591 253,164 – – 
Current
Due not later than 1 year 235,674 332,895 47,129 88,328
 498,265 586,059 47,129 88,328
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
341Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 344 ----
27 CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
a. Concession arrangement
Group
2023 2022
Revenue recognised to date 1,577,741 1,577,437
Accretion of interest to date 764,619 681,268
Progress billings to date (1,095,195) (915,045)
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year 1,247,165 1,343,660
Non-current
Construction contract 1,110,987 1,170,156
Supply of teaching equipment – 29,086
1,110,987 1,199,242
Current
Construction contract 136,178 136,178
Supply of teaching equipment – 8,240
136,178 144,418
Total 1,247,165 1,343,660
Contract assets from customers on concession arrangement represent revenue attributable to the concession 
arrangement entered into by Sime Darby Property Selatan Sdn Bhd and its subsidiaries for the construction and 
development of the Pagoh Education Hub ("the Project "). The Project is undertaken on a concession basis under the 
concept of "Build-Lease-Maintain-Transfer".
Under the Concession Agreements dated 7 November 2012, the Group agreed to undertake the construction works for 
Government of Malaysia ("GoM"), Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia ("UTHM"), International Islamic University 
Malaysia ("IIUM") and Universiti Teknologi Malaysia ("UTM") over a period of three years, together with the supply of 
teaching equipment. The construction commenced in May 2014. Upon completion of the construction works on 2 May 
2017, the campuses were handed over to GoM, UTHM, IIUM and UTM. Under the Concession Agreements, the Group 
maintains the facilities and infrastructure of the campuses for a period of twenty (20) years.
In consideration of the construction works and the maintenance of the facilities, the Group receives Availability Charges 
and Asset Management Services Charges over the period of 20 years. Costs of teaching equipment are received based 
on delivery dates and agreed payment terms. The consideration is allocated by reference to the relative fair values of 
the construction works, asset management services and costs of teaching equipment, taking into account the deferred 
payment arrangement.
A maintenance reserve fund was established under the asset management programme by the GoM, UTHM, IIUM, UTM 
and the Group. The maintenance reserve fund is jointly managed by the Group, the GoM, UTHM, IIUM, and UTM. The 
monies deposited in these accounts can only be utilised for purposes of replacement and refurbishment works for the 
facilities and infrastructure of the campuses, of which the utilisation of the funds are subject to approval by the GoM, 
UTHM, IIUM and UTM. The Group is not entitled to the fund except for the above mentioned purpose. Upon expiry of 
the concession period, the GoM, UTHM, IIUM and UTM are entitled to the balance of the maintenance reserve fund 
including profit or interest earned from the said fund.
The contract asset is pledged as security for borrowings of the Group (see Note 34).
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
342
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 345 ----
27 CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
 b. Property Development
The Group and the Company issue progress billings to purchasers when the billing milestones are attained and recognise 
revenue when the performance obligation are satisfied.
The Group’s and the Company’s contract assets and contract liabilities relating to the sale of properties as of each 
reporting period are as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022
Restated
2023 2022
Contract assets 1,002,690 1,009,855 39,096 19,027
Contract liabilities (227,862) (324,165) (47,129) (88,328)
 774,828 685,690 (8,033) (69,301)
At 1 January 685,690 724,407 (69,301) (54,191)
Revenue recognised during the financial year  3,218,967 2,530,031 219,697 193,079
Progress billings during the financial year  (3,129,829) (2,568,748) (158,429) (208,189)
At 31 December 774,828 685,690 (8,033) (69,301)
 c. Golf club activities and golf club membership fees
Group
2023 2022
At 1 January 261,894 250,067
Revenue recognised during the financial year (13,774) (8,761)
Advance payment received 22,283 20,588
At 31 December 270,403 261,894
 d. Unsatisfied performance obligations
The unsatisfied performance obligations at the end of the reporting period are expected to be recognised in the 
following periods:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Within 1 year 2,090,756 1,970,988 196,623 93,133
More than 1 year 1,776,871 1,853,479 146,303 54,261
 3,867,627 3,824,467 342,926 147,394
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
343Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 346 ----
28 CASH HELD UNDER HOUSING DEVELOPMENT ACCOUNTS
The Group’s and the Company’s cash held under the Housing Development Accounts represent receipts from purchasers of 
residential properties less payments or withdrawals provided under Section 7A of the Housing Developers (Control and 
Licensing) Amendment Act 2002. The utilisation of these balances is restricted before completion of the housing development 
projects and fulfillment of all relevant obligations to the purchasers, such that the cash could only be withdrawn from such 
accounts for the purpose of completing the particular projects.
The interest rate of bank balances under Housing Development Accounts as at the end of the financial year ranges from 1.6% 
to 2.5% (2022: 1.4% to 2.7%) per annum.
29 BANK BALANCES, DEPOSITS AND CASH
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Deposits placed 45,911 317,968 – 90,000
Cash at banks and in hand 230,724 281,257 57,508 53,369
Carrying amount at the end of the financial year  276,635 599,225 57,508 143,369
Effective interest rate per annum as at the end of 
the financial year:
%%%%
Deposits with licensed banks 4.09 3.14 – 3.48
a. Bank balances, deposits and cash of certain subsidiaries with carrying amount of RM78.5 million (2022: RM61.6 million) 
were pledged as security for borrowings of the Group (see Note 34).
b. The bank balances, deposit and cash of the Group included bank balances with finance institutions amounting to RM12.1 
million (2022: RM21.4 million) as part of the security obligations relating to certain borrowings, of which, RM11.0 million 
(2022: RM10.3 million) was included in (a) above.
30 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
The assets held for sale as at 31 December 2023 were as follows:
Group
2023
Assets held for sale:
– Investment properties 68,850
The investment properties classified as assets held for sale as at 31 December 2023 were in relation to lands in Kedah. 
The sale and purchase agreements ("SPA") were signed on 29 and 31 December 2023, the completion of which is subject to 
fulfilment of conditions precedent and/or full payment of sale consideration. The assets held for sale are carried at their fair 
values, which are determined by reference to the sale consideration in the SPAs.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
344
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 347 ----
31 SHARE CAPITAL
Group/Company
Number of shares
(thousand) Share capital
2023 2022 2023 2022
Issued and fully paid up:
Ordinary shares with no par value
At the beginning/end of the financial year  6,800,839 6,800,839 6,800,839 6,800,839
32 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
In the opinion of the Directors, the subsidiaries of the Group that have non-controlling interests which are material to the 
Group as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Name of subsidiaries
Proportion of equity held 
by non-controlling interests Place of
business
2023 2022
Sime Darby Property Selatan Sdn Bhd ("SDPS") 40% 40% Malaysia
Sime Darby Brunsfield Holding Sdn Bhd ("SDBH") 0% 40% Malaysia
Total non-controlling interests of the Group are as follows:
2023 2022
SDPS 215,401 203,463
SDBH – (88,028)
Others 11,015 9,643
 226,416 125,078
The other non-controlling interests are individually not significant.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
345Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 348 ----
32 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)
Summarised financial information
i. The summarised consolidated financial information of each subsidiary that has non-controlling interests that are material 
to the Group are set out below. The financial information is based on amounts before inter-company eliminations:
SDBH * SDPS
2023 2022 2023 2022
Summarised statements of comprehensive 
income:*
Revenue 69,250 160,416 40,981 37,309
(Loss)/Profit for the financial year (22,829) (71,564) 43,651 37,688
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the 
financial year (22,829) (71,564) 43,651 37,688
Attributable to non-controlling interests:
– (loss)/profit for the financial year (9,132) (28,626) 17,460 15,075
– total comprehensive (loss)/income  (9,132) (28,626) 17,460 15,075
Dividends paid to owners of non-controlling 
interests – – (5,368) (6,600)
SDBH * SDPS
2022 2023 2022
Summarised statements of cash flows: *
Net cash from/(used in):
Operating activities 132,393 143,068 125,259
Investing activities 21,933 2,062 1,612
Financing activities (98,174) (130,060) (138,711)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 56,152 15,070 (11,840)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year 25,280 68,932 80,772
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year 81,432 84,002 68,932
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
346
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 349 ----
32 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)
Summarised financial information (continued)
i. The summarised consolidated financial information of each subsidiary that has non-controlling interests that are material 
to the Group are set out below. The financial information is based on amounts before inter-company eliminations: 
(continued)
Summarised statements of financial position: *
 SDBH * SDPS
2022 2023 2022
Non-current assets 642,234 1,135,903 1,201,020
Current assets 391,347 244,373 245,325
Non-current liabilities (967,708) (721,077) (814,649)
Current liabilities (320,873) (120,696) (123,424)
Net assets (255,000) 538,503 508,272
* SDBH became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as of 8 December 2023 subsequent to the completion of 
the settlement agreement with the non-controlling interest (Note 37). As such, the summarised statements of cash 
flows and financial position as of the balance sheet date are not disclosed, and the summarised statements of 
comprehensive income is disclosed for the current financial year up to the completion date.
33 PAYABLES
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Non-current
Trade payables [note (a)] 67,875 71,694 – – 
Other payables 162 440 – – 
 68,037 72,134 – – 
Current
Trade payables [note (a)] 1,213,160 955,208 87,101 57,805
Other payables 151,574 124,853 15,921 18,042
Accruals 176,408 126,328 61,454 57,611
Amounts due to:
– subsidiaries [note (b)] – – 424,772 195,666
– non-controlling interest 1,351 90,230 – – 
 1,542,493 1,296,619 589,248 329,124
Total payables 1,610,530 1,368,753 589,248 329,124
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
347Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 350 ----
33 PAYABLES (CONTINUED)
a. Trade payables
Credit terms of trade payables range from 30 days to 45 days (2022: 30 days to 45 days) except for the following 
amount owing to a contractor of Pagoh Education Hub, which is on a deferred payment term.
Group
2023 2022
Work performed to date 99,601 99,601
Accretion of interest 29,801 25,667
Progress billing to date (53,574) (45,520)
75,828 79,748
Non-current
Due later than 1 year 67,875 71,694
Current
Due not later than 1 year 7,953 8,054
 75,828 79,748
b. Amounts due to subsidiaries
The amounts due to subsidiaries are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
Movements in the amounts due to subsidiaries are as follows:
Company
2023 2022
At 1 January 195,666 74,486
Advances from subsidiaries 229,106 121,180
At 31 December 424,772 195,666
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
348
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 351 ----
34 BORROWINGS
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Non-current
Secured
Term loans [note (a)] 238,989 271,714 – – 
Islamic financing [note (b)] 471,038 525,712 231,031 298,032
Syndicated Islamic term financing [note (c)]  371,590 452,176 – – 
Unsecured
Islamic Medium Term Notes [note (d)] 1,399,047 799,254 1,399,047 799,254
Amounts due to non-controlling interests [note (f)]  – 235,128 – – 
 2,480,664 2,283,984 1,630,078 1,097,286
Current
Secured
Term loans [note (a)] 19,957 199,747 – – 
Islamic financing [note (b)] 161,954 163,649 67,404 66,916
Syndicated Islamic term financing [note (c)]  83,535 83,754 – – 
Unsecured
Islamic Medium Term Notes [note (d)] 11,003 1,938 11,003 1,938
Revolving credits [note (e)] 136,909 304,773 136,909 304,773
 413,358 753,861 215,316 373,627
Total borrowings 2,894,022 3,037,845 1,845,394 1,470,913
Secured 1,347,063 1,696,752 298,435 364,948
Unsecured 1,546,959 1,341,093 1,546,959 1,105,965
Total borrowings 2,894,022 3,037,845 1,845,394 1,470,913
Movements in the borrowings are as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
At 1 January 3,037,845 3,831,600 1,470,913 1,936,682
Long-term borrowings:
– raised 741,403 12,266 599,593 – 
– repaid (80,245) (385,419) (67,000) (67,000)
Short-term borrowings:
– raised 408,000 215,469 402,000 215,469
– repaid (1,016,850) (599,623) (600,543) (571,623)
Settlement upon acquisition of non-controlling 
interests [note (f)]  (240,600) – – – 
Finance costs 136,402 134,947 64,524 54,426
Finance costs paid (122,887) (128,880) (55,047) (54,526)
Exchange differences 30,954 (42,515) 30,954 (42,515)
At 31 December 2,894,022 3,037,845 1,845,394 1,470,913
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
349Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 352 ----
34 BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
a. Term loans – Secured
Group
2023 2022
The maturity periods are as follows:
– Less than 1 year 19,957 199,747
– Between 1 and 2 years 29,771 33,183
– Between 2 and 5 years 149,313 119,313
– More than 5 years 59,905 119,218
Total 258,946 471,461
The term loans of the Group are secured by way of charges over certain inventories.
b. Islamic financing – Secured
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
The maturity periods are as follows:
– Less than 1 year 161,954 163,649 67,404 66,916
– Between 1 and 2 years 121,964 195,209 66,515 66,515
– Between 2 and 5 years 232,262 330,503 164,516 231,517
– More than 5 years 116,812 – – – 
Total 632,992 689,361 298,435 364,948
The Islamic financing facilities of the Group and the Company are secured by way of:
i. legal charge over certain property, plant and equipment, investment properties, bank balances and inventories of 
the subsidiaries;
ii. specific debenture incorporating fixed and floating charges over project assets and properties of certain 
subsidiaries;
iii. assignment of rights, titles, profits and benefits under project contracts, rental proceeds, and proceeds from 
projects and insurance; and
iv. subordination of shareholders advances of certain subsidiaries.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
350
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 353 ----
34 BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
 c. Syndicated Islamic term financing – Secured
The Syndicated Islamic term financing consist of four facilities with facility limit of RM895.4 million to four subsidiaries 
in which the Group has 60% equity interest. The facilities are repayable over 24 semi-annual instalments commencing 
no later than 36 months from their respective first drawdown dates.
Group
2023 2022
The maturity periods are as follows:
– Less than 1 year 83,535 83,754
– Between 1 and 2 years 82,825 80,586
– Between 2 and 5 years 288,765 252,950
– More than 5 years – 118,640
Total 455,125 535,930
The Syndicated Islamic term financing are secured by way of:
i. a first ranking debenture incorporating fixed and floating charges over all present and future assets of the four 
subsidiaries. The carrying value of these assets including cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2023 is 
RM1,369.4 million (2022: RM1,435.0 million);
ii. legal assignment over all of the four subsidiaries' rights, titles, interest and benefits of the pre-completion and 
post-completion as and when executed;
iii. legal assignment over all of the four subsidiaries’ rights, titles, interest and benefits under Takaful and insurance;
iv. legal assignment over all of the four subsidiaries’ rights, titles, interests and benefits under the performance 
bonds/guarantees for the project;
v. second legal charge over the shares of the four subsidiaries; and
vi. deed of subordinations to subordinate all shareholders’ present and future financing/advances to the four 
subsidiaries provided that the four subsidiaries may repay the shareholders’ advances if the distribution payment 
conditions are met before and after such payment or repayment.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
351Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 354 ----
34 BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
d. Islamic Medium Term Note – Unsecured
On 23 November 2020, the Group and the Company have amended its Islamic Medium Term Notes (IMTN) programme 
of RM4.5 billion under the Shariah principle of Musharakah to incorporate the rating of IMTN programme, as well as 
terms for the issuance of ASEAN Sustainable and Responsible Investment (SRI) Sukuk.
Details of the IMTNs issued on 3 December 2020 and 21 August 2023, and the outstanding balances as at 31 December 
2023 are as follows:
Issuance Type Date of Issuance
Tenor
(Years)
Maturity 
Date
Periodic
distribution
rate
(per annum)
Norminal
Value
(RM thousand)
ASEAN Sustainability SRI Sukuk 
Musharakah 3 December 2020 5 3 December 2025 3.10% 150,000
Sukuk Musharakah 3 December 2020 7 3 December 2027 3.42% 500,000
Sukuk Musharakah 3 December 2020 10 3 December 2030 3.64% 150,000
ASEAN Sustainability SRI Sukuk 
Musharakah 21 August 2023 3 21 August 2026 4.08% 200,000
Sukuk Musharakah 21 August 2023 5 21 August 2028 4.14% 300,000
Sukuk Musharakah 21 August 2023 7 21 August 2030 4.28% 100,000
The Sukuk Musharakah Programme has been assigned a final credit rating of AA+ IS with a stable outlook by Malaysian 
Rating Corporation Berhad.
e. Revolving credits
The Group and the Company have a total unsecured revolving credit facilities of RM1.98 billion. The facilities have an 
availability period of 5 years from the date of the availability of the facilities and the outstanding balances is payable 
within a year.
f. Amounts due to non-controlling interests
On 1 November 2023, the Group entered into a settlement agreement with Brunsfield Metropolitan Sdn Bhd ("BMSB"), 
a non-controlling interest of the Group. The settlement agreement has been completed on 8 December 2023 and the 
amounts due to the non-controlling interests have been settled as part of the transaction. Details of the transaction is 
outlined in Note 37.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
352
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 355 ----
34 BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
 g. Other information on borrowings
Group Company
2023
% per
annum
2022
% per
annum
2023
% per
annum
2022
% per
annum
i. Islamic financing
The average effective distribution 
payments by currency profile are as 
follows:
Ringgit Malaysia
– Islamic financing 4.53 4.15 4.48 4.01
 – Syndicated Islamic term financing 7.00 7.00 – – 
 – Islamic Medium Term Notes 3.72 3.40 3.72 3.40
Sterling Pound
 – Revolving credits 5.88 4.00 5.88 4.00
ii. Conventional financing
The average effective interest rates by 
currency profile are as follows:
Ringgit Malaysia
– Term loans 4.44 4.24 – – 
 
– Amounts due to non-controlling  
interests  N/A 3.60 – – 
iii. Secured financing
As at 31 December 2023, borrowings amounting to RM1,347.1 million (2022: RM1,696.8 million) and RM298.4 
million (2022: RM364.9 million) were secured by fixed and floating charges over the assets of the Group and the 
Company, respectively.
The carrying amounts of assets that the Group and the Company have pledged as collateral for the borrowings are 
as follows:
Group
2023 2022
Property, plant and equipment [Note 19]  65,281 67,140
Investment properties [Note 20] 286,781 334,402
Inventories [Note 21] 161,621 230,830
Contract assets [Note 27] 1,247,165 1,343,660
Bank balances, deposits and cash [Note 29]  78,483 61,553
Other assets 46,344 29,836
 1,885,675 2,067,421
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
353Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 356 ----
35 LEASE LIABILITIES
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
At 1 January 45,596 66,748 8,011 15,674
Addition 1,947 – 42,911 – 
Loss on lease modification – (2,794) – – 
Finance costs [Note 15] 1,493 2,118 141 383
Payments (4,967) (22,299) (8,045) (8,046)
Exchange differences 1,365 1,823 – – 
At 31 December 45,434 45,596 43,018 8,011
Non-current
Due later than 1 year 23,976 24,149 36,409 107
Current
Due not later than 1 year 21,458 21,447 6,609 7,904
45,434 45,596 43,018 8,011
The underlying assets of the lease liabilities are included in property, plant and equipment and investment properties in Notes 
19 and 20. Lease contracts are typically entered for fixed periods and the terms are negotiated on an individual basis and 
contains a wide range of different terms and conditions. The maturity periods of the lease liabilities are shown in Note 42(b).
The lease liabilities of the Company mainly is in relation to a rental of office building from its subsidiary.
a. Leases not included in lease liabilities
Short-term leases, leases of low-value assets and variable lease payments are not included in lease liabilities. Details of 
these leases which are charged to profit or loss in the current financial year are as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Short-term leases 1,614 1,510 136 178
Leases of the low-value assets 536 529 227 240
2,150 2,039 363 418
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
354
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 357 ----
35 LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
 b. Total cash outflow
The total cash outflow for leases are as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Included in cashflow used in operating activities
Lease payments associated with:
– short-term leases 1,614 1,510 136 178
– leases of low-value assets 536 529 227 240
Included in cashflow used in financing activities
Repayment of lease  3,474 22,299 7,904 7,663
Total cash outflow 5,624 24,338 8,267 8,081
36 PROVISIONS
Group
Obligation in
relation to
a property
disposed
Relocation,
rectification
and
construction
costs
Long-term
employee
benefit Total
2023
At 1 January 2023 172,167 62,928 – 235,095
(Reversal of provisions)/Provisions made during  
the financial year (9,701) (211) 10,286 374
Accretion of interest [Note 15] 4,542 – – 4,542
Utilised – (12,984) – (12,984)
Exchange differences 11,942 57 – 11,999
At 31 December 2023 178,950 49,790 10,286 239,026
Non-current 151,147 9,682 10,286 171,115
Current 27,803 40,108 – 67,911
 178,950 49,790 10,286 239,026
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
355Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 358 ----
36 PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)
Group
Obligation in
relation to
a property
disposed
Relocation,
rectification
and
construction
costs Total
2022
At 1 January 2022 158,205 88,508 246,713
Provisions made during the financial year – 11,023 11,023
Accretion of interest [Note 15] 4,131 – 4,131
Utilised – (36,572) (36,572)
Exchange differences 9,831 (31) 9,800
At 31 December 2022 172,167 62,928 235,095
Non-current 137,020 15,545 152,565
Current 35,147 47,383 82,530
 172,167 62,928 235,095
Company
Relocation,
rectification
and
construction
costs
Long-term
employee
benefit Total
2023
At 1 January 13,576 – 13,576
(Reversal of provisions)/Provisions made during the financial year (2,372) 10,286 7,914
At 31 December 11,204 10,286 21,490
Non-current 4,118 10,286 14,404
Current 7,086 – 7,086
 11,204 10,286 21,490
2022
At 1 January 4,025 – 4,025
Provisions made during the financial year 9,551 – 9,551
At 31 December 13,576 – 13,576
Non-current 4,025 – 4,025
Current 9,551 – 9,551
 13,576 – 13,576
The Group evaluates the provision based on the status of ongoing negotiations, inputs from consultants and past experiences. 
Changes in assumptions and future events could cause the value of these provisions to change.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
356
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 359 ----
36 PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)
 a. Obligation in relation to a property disposed
The provision is in relation to an undertaking arrangement entered on the disposal of a property to a joint venture in 
financial year 2017. The provision, net of the carrying amount of the joint venture, would be RM148.5 million (2022: 
RM126.7 million).
The provision is calculated based on future rental and other obligations net of estimated sub-lease income and 
discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.
 b. Relocation, rectification and construction costs
The provision for relocation, rectification and construction costs are made in relation to property development projects.
 c. Long-term employee benefits
The provision for long-term employee benefits are made in relation to a Long-term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") implemented 
by the Group and is calculated by reference to the total amount granted and the expected achievements on the relevant 
key performance indicators as set under the LTIP.
37 ACQUISITION OF NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS ("NCI")
On 1 November 2023, Sime Darby Property Berhad, and its 60% owned subsidiary, Sime Darby Brunsfield Holding Sdn Bhd 
("SDBH"), have entered into a settlement agreement with Brunsfield Metropolitan Sdn Bhd ("BMSB"), the 40% shareholder of 
the remaining equity interest in SDBH. The settlement agreement sets out the key parameters and features of the settlement 
and mutual termination of a Joint Venture and Shareholders Agreement dated 28 March 2006 between the Group and BMSB.
The settlement agreement has been completed on 8 December 2023. Following the completion of the settlement agreement, 
the Group’s interest in SDBH has increased from 60% to 100%.
Details of net cash outflow on acquisition of non-controlling interests by the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023 are as follows:
Group
2023
NCI acquired (97,220)
Difference arising from acquisition of NCI recognised in retained earnings (21,592)
Cost of acquisition (118,812)
In exchange for:
Settlement of shareholder loan and net payables 314,598
Inventories transferred to NCI (162,414)
Others (1,802)
Net cash outflow on acquisition of non-controlling interests 31,570
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
357Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 360 ----
38 MATERIAL LITIGATIONS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS
a. Material Litigations
(i) Claim against Sime Darby Property (Ara Damansara) Sdn Bhd ("SDPAD")
A civil suit was commenced by 71 purchasers of Ara Hill ("Plaintiffs") against SDPAD, claiming general and specific 
damages of approximately RM40.0 million and specific performance arising from SDPAD’s alleged breaches of the 
terms of the sale and purchase agreements ("SPAs") and the provisions of various statutes.
The Plaintiffs alleged that the breaches by SDPAD have, amongst others, caused the delay in delivery of strata 
titles, which caused the Plaintiffs to suffer loss and damage, including indirect losses (which have not been proven 
by the Plaintiffs). The trial commenced on 16 April 2018. On 28 April 2021, the court allowed the Plaintiffs’ 
application to add the Joint Management Body of Ara Hill as a co-defendant to this suit. A total of 9 trial dates 
were fixed between April 2018 to August 2023 and further trial dates have been fixed in March, April, May and 
July 2024.
The Plaintiffs’ claim is divided into various allegations leveled against SDPAD. These claims and allegations have yet 
to be proven by the Plaintiffs and it would be speculative, at this juncture, to ascertain SDPAD’s potential liability 
to the Plaintiffs in respect of this civil suit.
(ii) Arbitration between Bumimetro Construction Sdn Bhd ("BCSB") v Sime Darby Property (KL East) Sdn Bhd ("SDPKE")
BCSB ("Claimant"), the main contractor of a development in Melawati, Kuala Lumpur has referred disputes arising 
from the Project and the construction contract with SDPKE ("Respondent") to arbitration by issuing a notice of 
arbitration ("Notice") on 20 September 2018.
The Claimant is claiming for specific damages of approximately RM42.0 million. The Respondent had disputed the 
claims by the Claimant and had counterclaimed for an approximate sum of RM40.0 million relating to incomplete 
works/defects rectification costs incurred, liquidated damages and recoupment of advance payments.
The arbitration proceedings are being held in accordance with the rules of the Asian International Arbitration 
Centre before a single arbitrator. The hearing commenced on 15 June 2020 and continued on various dates 
between June 2020 to March 2024. Further hearing dates have been fixed in July 2024.
Solicitors for the Respondent are of the view that there are tenable grounds on the positions taken by the 
Respondent in resisting the claim subject to documentary and evidentiary proof. Nonetheless, there have been 
certain concessions made by the Respondent's witnesses who have given or are still giving evidence to-date, the 
impact of which has to be re-assessed and determined.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
358
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 361 ----
38 MATERIAL LITIGATIONS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS (CONTINUED)
 a. Material Litigations (continued)
(iii) Compulsory Land Acquisition by Lembaga Lebuhraya Malaysia/West Coast Expressway of the lands owned by Sime 
Darby Property (Klang) Sdn Bhd ("SDP Klang")
On 26 June 2015, SDP Klang was awarded an aggregate compensation of RM169.3 million by the Land Administrator 
("Respondent") in respect of the acquisition by Lembaga Lebuhraya Malaysia ("LLM") of certain plots of lands 
owned by SDP Klang situated in Mukim Kapar, District of Klang, Selangor ("Lands") which consists of the aggregate 
compensation for market value of the Lands of RM90.7 million and the aggregate compensation for severance and 
injurious affection ("IA") of RM78.6 million ("IA Award").
Dissatisfied with the IA Award, on 6 August 2015, LLM lodged their objection to the High Court. On 22 March 
2017, the High Court held, inter alia, that the IA Award is to be reduced to RM72.9 million ("First High Court 
Decision”).
Stemming from LLM’s appeal against the First High Court Decision, LLM’s land reference was remitted by the Court 
of Appeal to the High Court to be re-heard before a new Judge ("Re-Hearing"). The Re-Hearing which was initially 
fixed for July 2023 has been postponed in view of LLM’s application to the High Court ("LLM’s Application") to 
adduce Additional Affidavit in Reply and/or Additional Rebuttal. The LLM’s Application was subsequently dismissed 
by the High Court. On 3 October 2023, LLM filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal against the High Court’s 
dismissal of LLM’s Application ("LLM’s New Appeal"). A case management was fixed on 20 February 2024 to 
determine the hearing date of LLM’s New Appeal and following from the case management, the Court of Appeal 
has fixed the hearing of LLM’s New Appeal on 12 September 2024 while the Re-Hearing is fixed for further case 
management on 18 September 2024 pending the outcome of LLM’s New Appeal.
Subject to the outcome of LLM’s New Appeal, SDP Klang’s solicitors are of the view that there is an even chance 
that the High Court Judge in the Re-Hearing may arrive at a similar decision as the First High Court Decision at this 
juncture.
 b. Contingent Liabilities
Group
2023 2022
Claims pending against the Group 82,009 82,009
As at end of reporting period, no provision has been recognised in the financial statements as legal advice indicates that 
it is not probable for a material liability to arise.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
359Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 362 ----
38 MATERIAL LITIGATIONS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS (CONTINUED)
c. Commitments
i. Capital commitments
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Contracted capital commitments:
– investment properties 20,815 79,618 – – 
– property, plant and equipment 20,084 28,731 800 902
– intangible assets 880 462 880 452
41,779 108,811 1,680 1,354
ii. Commitment in relation to joint ventures
The Group’s estimated commitment to subscribe for shares in joint ventures pursuant to the respective shareholders’ 
agreements on joint ventures and/or as approved by the Board of Directors are as follows:
Group
2023 2022
Joint ventures:
– Sime Darby Property – LOGOS Property Industrial Development Fund 1 LP 112,692 168,568
– Others 64,625 45,800
177,317 214,368
39 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP
The Group has three (3) reportable business segments – property development, investment and asset management and 
leisure. The strategic business units offer different products and services, and are managed separately by each Chief 
Operating Officer or Head of Division. The Senior Management of the Group reviews the operations and performance of the 
respective business segments on a regular basis and their respective performances are as follows:
Property development Development of residential, industrial and commercial properties
Investment and asset management Leasing of properties, and provision of assets and management services
Leisure Provision of golf and other recreational facilities and services
Transactions between segments are carried out on agreed terms between both parties. The effects of such intersegment 
transactions are eliminated on consolidation. The measurement basis and classification are consistent with those adopted in 
the previous financial year.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
360
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 363 ----
39 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
 a. Segment results
Investment
Property and asset
2023 development management Leisure Elimination Total
Segment revenue:
External 3,235,370 107,813 93,764 – 3,436,947
Inter-segment 40,355 7,994 3,106 (51,455) – 
 3,275,725 115,807 96,870 (51,455) 3,436,947
Cost of sales (2,341,381) (69,027) (58,072) 40,486 (2,427,994)
Gross profit 934,344 46,780 38,798 (10,969) 1,008,953
Other operating income/(expenses)  12,403 (26,005) 2,615 1,181 (9,806)
Marketing and selling expenses  (146,985) (2,363) (509) – (149,857)
Administrative and other expenses  (190,182) (21,034) (42,974) 11,324 (242,866)
Operating profit/(loss) 609,580 (2,622) (2,070) 1,536 606,424
Share of results of joint ventures and 
associates  (92,294) (29,410) – 68,962 (52,742)
Segment results 517,286 (32,032) (2,070) 70,498 553,682
Other gains/(losses) 7,568 9,551 (489) – 16,630
Profit/(Loss) before interest and taxation  524,854 (22,481) (2,559) 70,498 570,312
Finance income 32,054 86,789 2,802 (7,982) 113,663
Finance costs (32,070) (48,536) (1,045) 7,982 (73,669)
Profit/(Loss) before tax 524,838 15,772 (802) 70,498 610,306
Tax expense (174,566) (18,202) 113 (121) (192,776)
Profit/(Loss) for the year  350,272 (2,430) (689) 70,377 417,530
Included in segment results are:
Depreciation and amortisation  (12,125) (3,397) (16,208) – (31,730)
Net changes in fair value on investment 
properties (6,570) (28,377) – 1,371 (33,576)
Impairment losses on receivables  (3,040) (309) (15) – (3,364)
Reversal of impairment losses on receivables  2,478 3,886 65 – 6,429
Write-down of inventories (8,756) – – – (8,756)
Write-off of inventories (10,451) – – – (10,451)
Included in other gains/(losses) are:
Reversal of provision on obligation in relation 
to a property disposed  – 9,701 – – 9,701
Gain/(Loss) on disposal of:
– property, plant and equipment  9 – 40 – 49
– investment properties (12) – – – (12)
Impairment of property, plant and equipment – – (529) – (529)
There is no single customer who contributed 10% or more of the Group's total revenue.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
361Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 364 ----
39 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
a. Segment results (continued)
Investment
2022 Property and asset
Restated development management Leisure Elimination Total
Segment revenue:
External 2,549,507 107,947 84,682 – 2,742,136
Inter-segment 164,284 8,194 4,345 (176,823) – 
 2,713,791 116,141 89,027 (176,823) 2,742,136
Cost of sales (1,903,349) (59,026) (49,051) 95,863 (1,915,563)
Gross profit 810,442 57,115 39,976 (80,960) 826,573
Other operating income/(expenses) 22,130 (51,314) 141 (190) (29,233)
Marketing and selling expenses  (120,514) (667) (504) 3,620 (118,065)
Administrative and other expenses  (195,825) (21,446) (37,083) 11,318 (243,036)
Operating profit/(loss) 516,233 (16,312) 2,530 (66,212) 436,239
Share of results of joint ventures and 
associates  (48,795) 39,935 – (17,235) (26,095)
Segment results 467,438 23,623 2,530 (83,447) 410,144
Other (losses)/gains (1,120) (11,922) 9,063 44,072 40,093
Profit/(Loss) before interest and taxation  466,318 11,701 11,593 (39,375) 450,237
Finance income 26,103 90,029 834 (10,970) 105,996
Finance costs (39,877) (67,349) (1,117) 10,970 (97,373)
Profit/(Loss) before tax 452,544 34,381 11,310 (39,375) 458,860
Tax expense (136,605) (15,647) (1,893) 6,983 (147,162)
Profit/(Loss) for the year  315,939 18,734 9,417 (32,392) 311,698
Included in segment results are:
Depreciation and amortisation  (12,777) (3,315) (15,915) – (32,007)
Net changes in fair value on investment 
properties 2,011 (53,612) – – (51,601)
Impairment losses on receivables  (3,880) (147) (564) – (4,591)
Reversal of impairment losses on receivables  948 829 50 – 1,827
Write-down of inventories (6,270) – – – (6,270)
Write-off of:
– property, plant and equipment  – – (1) – (1)
– inventories (3,125) – – – (3,125)
Included in other (losses)/gains are:
Loss on lease modification – (12,788) – – (12,788)
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries – – 8,948 44,072 53,020
Impairment of property, plant and equipment – – (3) – (3)
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
362
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 365 ----
39 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
 b. Segment assets and liabilities and additions to non-current assets
Investment
Property and asset
development management Leisure Elimination Total
2023 
Segment assets:
Operating assets 9,523,515 2,670,211 548,867 (752,110) 11,990,483
Joint ventures and associates  2,777,468 502,961 – (8,318) 3,272,111
Assets held for sale 68,850 – – – 68,850
 12,369,833 3,173,172 548,867 (760,428) 15,331,444
Segment liabilities:
Liabilities 1,801,499 938,756 359,676 (752,110) 2,347,821
Additions to non-current assets are as follows:
– capital expenditure 15,107 208,062 12,666 – 235,835
– additions to interests in joint ventures  – 72,051 – – 72,051
15,107 280,113 12,666 – 307,886
2022
Restated*
Segment assets:
Operating assets 9,295,326 2,535,848 539,439 (783,856) 11,586,757
Joint ventures and associates*  2,660,592 444,304 – (71,101) 3,033,795
 11,955,918 2,980,152 539,439 (854,957) 14,620,552
Segment liabilities:
Liabilities 1,646,316 979,533 347,914 (783,856) 2,189,907
Additions to non-current assets are as follows:
– capital expenditure 9,632 17,369 1,969 – 28,970
– additions to interests in joint ventures  215,351 115,267 – – 330,618
224,983 132,636 1,969 – 359,588
* The segment assets of joint ventures and associates was re-presented to segregate the assets into Property 
Development and Investment and Asset Management segment respectively to reflect how the senior management of 
the Group reviews the operations and performance on a regular basis.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
363Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 366 ----
39 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
Capital expenditure consists of the following:
2023 2022
Property, plant and equipment 37,487 11,280
Investment properties 196,623 25,029
Intangible assets 1,725 1,739
 235,835 38,048
Segment by geography
Revenue by location of customers and the Group's operations are analysed as follows:
2023 2022
Malaysia 3,435,084 2,727,436
Singapore 1,310 14,216
United Kingdom 553 484
 3,436,947 2,742,136
Non-current assets, other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets, by location of the Group’s operations are 
analysed as follows:
2023 2022
Malaysia 7,830,485 7,206,395
United Kingdom 2,773,184 2,644,031
Singapore 30,435 77,290
 10,634,104 9,927,716
Reconciliation of non-current assets, other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets to the total non-current assets 
are as follows:
2023 2022
Non-current assets other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets  10,634,104 9,927,716
Investments 43,132 48,633
Deferred tax assets 549,156 601,790
Receivables 99,342 102,718
11,325,734 10,680,857
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
364
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 367 ----
39 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
Reconciliation of segment assets and liabilities to total assets and total liabilities are as follows:
Segment assets
2023 2022
Segment total 15,331,444 14,620,552
Tax assets 597,300 642,157
Total 15,928,744 15,262,709
Segment liabilities
2023 2022
Segment total 2,347,821 2,189,907
Tax liabilities 357,955 344,565
Borrowings 2,894,022 3,037,845
Lease liabilities 45,434 45,596
Total 5,645,232 5,617,913
40 RELATED PARTIES
Significant related party transactions and balances other than as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements are set out 
below:
Group
2023 2022
a. Transactions between subsidiaries and their non-controlling interests ("NCI")  
or related parties of the NCI
Turnkey construction works rendered to Sime Darby Brunsfield Holding Sdn Bhd 
and its subsidiaries ("SDBH Group") by Brunsfield Engineering Sdn Bhd ("BESB"), 
a company in which Tan Sri Dato’ Dr Ir Gan Thian Leong ("Tan Sri Dato’ Gan") and 
Encik Mohamad Hassan Zakaria ("Encik Hassan") are substantial shareholders (6,154) (33,320)
BESB ceased to be a related party of the Group as of 8 December 2023 upon 
completion of the settlement agreement with BMSB (refer to Note 37).
 Maintenance of district cooling system and supply of cooling energy to Sime 
Darby Property Selatan Satu Sdn Bhd ("SDPS1") by Tunas Cool Energy Sdn Bhd 
("TCE"), a company in which Sin Heng Chan (Malaya) Berhad is the ultimate 
holding company of TCE and an indirect shareholder of SDPS1 (16,375) (15,024)
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
365Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 368 ----
40 RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)
Significant related party transactions and balances other than as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements are set out 
below: (continued)
b. Transactions with joint ventures and associates
Group
2023 2022
Yayasan Sime Darby
– Contribution to Yayasan Sime Darby (9,476) (20,000)
SDPLOG 1 (Industrial Asset IV) Sdn Bhd
– Deposit received for land sale – 19,588
 c. Transactions with shareholders and Government:
Permodalan Nasional Berhad ("PNB") and the funds managed by its subsidiary, Amanah Saham Nasional Berhad ("ASNB"), 
together own 57.6% (2022: 58.0%) as at 31 December 2023 of the issued share capital of the Company. PNB is an entity 
controlled by the Malaysian Government through Yayasan Pelaburan Bumiputra ("YPB"). The Group considers that, for 
the purpose of MFRS 124 – Related Party Disclosures, YPB and the Malaysian Government are in the position to exercise 
significant control over it. As a result, the Malaysian Government and Malaysian Government’s controlled bodies 
(collectively referred to as government-related entities) are related parties of the Group and the Company.
Transactions entered by the Group and the Company with shareholders and government-related entities include 
purchase of raw materials, placement of bank deposits and use of public utilities and amenities. All the transactions 
entered into by the Group and the Company with the government-related entities are conducted in the ordinary course 
of the Group's and the Company’s businesses on negotiated terms or terms comparable to those with other entities that 
are not government-related.
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Director of PNB
– Deposit received for land sale – 1,356 – – 
Sime Darby Plantation Berhad Group
– Deposit paid for land acquisition – (61,800) – – 
– Rental income 10,489 13,106 3,644 5,096
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
366
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 369 ----
40 RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)
Significant related party transactions and balances other than as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements are set out 
below: (continued)
 c. Transactions with shareholders and Government: (continued)
i. On 27 October 2021, Sime Darby Property (MVV Central) Sdn Bhd had entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement 
("SPA") with Kumpulan Sime Darby Berhad ("KSDB"), a subsidiary of Sime Darby Berhad, to acquire part of the land 
held under GRN 76723 Lot No. 3235, Mukim of Labu, District of Seremban, Negeri Sembilan measuring 
approximately 760.12 acres for a total cash consideration of RM280.0 million. 10% of the purchase price was paid 
upon signing of SPA. The acquisition has been completed following the payment of the balance 90% of the 
purchase price of RM252.0 million on 7 August 2023.
ii. On 1 December 2022, Sime Darby Property (Bukit Tunku) Sdn Bhd ("SDPBT"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Group, had entered into a conditional Sale and Purchase Agreement ("SPA") with Sime Darby Plantation Berhad to 
acquire 3 parcels of freehold land with a total net land area measuring approximately 948.8 acres located in Mukim 
Kapar, District of Klang, Selangor ("Kapar Land") for a total cash consideration of RM618.0 million. The proposed 
Kapar Land acquisition was approved by the shareholders of the Company at an Extraordinary General Meeting 
("EGM") held on 24 May 2023. 10% of the purchase price was paid upon signing of SPA. The acquisition has been 
completed following the payment of the balance 90% of the purchase price of RM556.2 million on 23 August 2023.
 d. Transactions with Directors, other key management personnel ("KMP") and their close family members
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Remuneration of Directors and other KMP:
– salaries, fees and other emoluments  23,648 15,932 23,648 15,932
– defined contribution plan 3,078 1,935 3,078 1,935
– long-term employee benefits 6,268 – 6,268 – 
– estimated monetary value of benefits by  
way of usage of the Group’s and of the 
Company’s assets 614 411 614 411
Sale of properties to Directors of the Company  486 1,921 – – 
Sale of properties to KMP and their close 
family members  3,957 3,004 – – 
KMP are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the 
activities of the Group and of the Company, either directly or indirectly.
The KMP of the Group and the Company includes Directors of the Company and certain members of senior management 
of the Group.
In 2023, KMP comprised of 22 individuals (2022: 15 individuals).
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
367Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 370 ----
40 RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)
Significant related party transactions and balances other than as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements are set out 
below: (continued)
e. Outstanding balances with related parties
Group
2023 2022
Amount due to non-controlling interest included in payables
Tunas Cool Energy Sdn Bhd 1,351 – 
Other than as disclosed above, the significant outstanding balance with related parties are shown in Notes 11, 12, 22, 
26 and 33.
41 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
a. Financial instruments measured at fair value
In estimating the financial instruments carried at fair value, there are, in general, three different levels which can be 
defined as follows:
Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 Valuation inputs (other than Level 1 input) that are observable for the asset or liability
Level 3 Valuation inputs that are not based on observable market data
If there are quoted market prices in active markets, these are considered Level 1. If such quoted market prices are not 
available, fair value are determined using market prices for similar assets or present value techniques, applying an 
appropriate risk-free interest rate adjusted for non-performance risk. The inputs used in present value techniques are 
observable and fall into the Level 2 category. It is classified into the Level 3 category if significant unobservable inputs 
are used.
The fair values of the Group’s and the Company’s investments are categorised as follows:
Group/Company
2023 2022
Level 3 – unquoted shares 43,132 48,633
Unquoted shares are measured at Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair values of the unquoted shares are 
determined using valuation technique based on inputs other than quoted prices.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
368
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 371 ----
41 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
 b. Financial instruments measured at amortised cost
Other than the financial liabilities disclosed below, the carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities approximate 
their fair values due to the insignificant impact of discounting and the relative short term nature of the financial 
instruments.
Group Company
Carrying
amount
Fair
value
Carrying
amount
Fair
value
2023
Payables 1,610,530 1,613,741 589,248 589,248
Borrowings 2,894,022 2,913,693 1,845,394 1,836,446
2022
Payables 1,368,753 1,372,837 329,124 329,124
Borrowings 3,037,845 3,045,475 1,470,913 1,431,548
42 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including interest rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and  cash 
flow risk and foreign exchange risk. The policy on financial risk management is described in Note 5.
Details of each significant financial risk are as follows:
 a. Interest rate risk
The percentages of fixed rate borrowings to the total borrowings are as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Fixed rate borrowings 1,865,175 1,337,122 1,410,050 801,192
Floating rate borrowings 1,028,847 1,700,723 435,344 669,721
Total borrowings 2,894,022 3,037,845 1,845,394 1,470,913
Percentage of fixed rate borrowings over  
total borrowings 64.4% 44.0% 76.4% 54.5%
The following table demonstrates the effect of changes in interest rate of floating rate borrowings. If the interest rate 
increased by 25 basis points (2022: 50 basis points), with all variables held constant, the Group’s and the Company’s 
profit after taxation, total comprehensive income and equity will be affected by higher interest expense as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Higher interest expense  1,955  6,463 827 2,545
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
369Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 372 ----
42 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
Details of each significant financial risk are as follows: (continued)
b. Liquidity and cash flow risks
The undiscounted contractual cash flows of the Group’s and the Company’s financial liabilities as at the end of the 
financial year are as follows:
On demand
or within
1 year
Between 1
and 2
years
Between 2
and 5
years
Above
5 years
Total
contractual
cash flows
Total
carrying
amount
Group
2023
Payables 1,467,561 59,468 47,942 67,116 1,642,087 1,610,530
Borrowings 538,903 485,875 1,840,681 472,159 3,337,618 2,894,022
Lease liabilities 2,923 1,405 4,122 59,644 68,094 45,434
2,009,387 546,748 1,892,745 598,919 5,047,799 4,549,986
2022
Payables 1,215,605 58,289 55,380 75,170 1,404,444 1,368,753
Borrowings 870,858 396,638 1,521,940 646,053 3,435,489 3,037,845
Lease liabilities 24,562 2,526 3,060 60,605 90,753 45,596
2,111,025 457,453 1,580,380 781,828 4,930,686 4,452,194
Company
2023
Payables 581,895 5,849 1,504 – 589,248 589,248
Borrowings 277,696 275,615 1,265,838 267,095 2,086,244 1,845,394
Lease liabilities 8,102 7,994 23,983 7,994 48,073 43,018
867,693 289,458 1,291,325 275,089 2,723,565 2,477,660
2022
Payables 316,390 9,164 3,570 – 329,124 329,124
Borrowings 421,835 100,435 957,079 165,920 1,645,269 1,470,913
Lease liabilities 8,044 108 – – 8,152 8,011
746,269 109,707 960,649 165,920 1,982,545 1,808,048
As at the end of reporting year, the Company’s current liabilities exceed its current assets by RM380.2 million (2022: 
RM195.9 million). Excluding revolving credits borrowings and amount due to subsidiaries which are classified under 
current liabilities, the Company is in net current assets position of RM181.5 million (2022: RM304.5 million).
The Directors are of the view that the Company is able to meet its obligations for the next twelve months from the 
reporting date. The Company has unutilised credit facilities as disclosed in Note 5(a)(iii) which it can tap upon at an 
appropriate time. In addition, the future dividend distribution from its subsidiaries are expected to alleviate the liquidity 
position of the Company.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
370
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 373 ----
42 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
Details of each significant financial risk are as follows: (continued)
 c. Credit risk
The maximum exposure and collateral and credit enhancements are as follows:
Group Company
Maximum
exposure
Collateral
and credit
enhancements
Maximum
exposure
Collateral
and credit
enhancements
2023
Receivables 789,090 479,437 2,069,477 29,070
Contract assets 2,249,855 1,002,690 39,096 39,096
Cash held under Housing Development 
Accounts  325,946 – 3,133 – 
Bank balances, deposits and cash 276,635 – 57,508 – 
 3,641,526 1,482,127 2,169,214 68,166
2022
Receivables 965,333 620,175 1,665,792 39,226
Contract assets 2,353,515 1,009,855 19,027 19,027
Cash held under Housing Development 
Accounts  386,092 – 20,878 – 
Bank balances, deposits and cash 599,225 – 143,369 – 
 4,304,165 1,630,030 1,849,066 58,253
 d. Foreign currency exchange risk
Other than borrowings denominated in foreign currencies, the Group and the Company do not have other significant 
financial asset or liabilities denominated in foreign currency as at end of financial year.
The currency profiles of the Group's and the Company's borrowings are as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Borrowings:
– denominated in GBP 136,909 304,773 136,909 304,773
– denominated in functional currency  2,757,113 2,733,072 1,708,485 1,166,140
 2,894,022 3,037,845 1,845,394 1,470,913
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
371Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 374 ----
42 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
Details of each significant financial risk are as follows: (continued)
d. Foreign currency exchange risk (continued)
The following table illustrates the effect of changes in exchange rate on the translation of foreign currency denominated 
borrowings against the functional currency, after taking into account the impact of hedging. If GBP strengthened against 
RM by 5% (2022: 5%), with all variables held constant, the Company’s profit after taxation and equity will be affected 
by higher foreign currency exchange losses as follows:
Group Company
2023 2022 2023 2022
Higher foreign currency exchange losses – * – * (6,845) (15,239)
* The Group is exposed to currency translation risk arising from its net investment in Battersea. The Group's borrowings 
denominated in GBP were drawndown to provide capital injections to Battersea and is designated as a net investment 
hedge. As such, the unrealised foreign exchange differences in relation to the GBP denominated borrowings were 
adjusted to the Group's other comprehensive income and were offset against the foreign exchange differences arising 
from the underlying net investment.
43 IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANIES
The Directors regard Permodalan Nasional Berhad as the Company's immediate holding company and Yayasan Pelaburan 
Bumiputra as the ultimate holding company. Both companies are incorporated in Malaysia.
44 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
Subsidiaries, material joint ventures and associates which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company Principal activities incorporation interest (%) Auditors
2023 2022
Subsidiaries
Harvard Golf Resort (Jerai) 
Berhad
Leasing of clubhouse building 
and golf course
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Harvard Hotel (Jerai) Sdn Bhd Leasing of hotel building Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Impian Golf Resort Berhad Provision of golfing and 
sporting services
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Kuala Lumpur Golf & 
Country Club Berhad
Provision of golfing and 
sporting services and 
property development
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
MVV Holdings Sdn Bhd Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Seed Homes Sdn Bhd Property development and 
investment holding
Malaysia 100.0 – 4
Sime Darby Nilai Utama 
Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 70.0 70.0 1
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
372
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 375 ----
44  LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, material joint ventures and associates which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company Principal activities incorporation interest (%) Auditors
2023 2022
Subsidiaries (continued)
Sime Darby Property  
(Ainsdale) Sdn Bhd
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Ampar Tenang) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Ara Damansara) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Asset I) Sdn Bhd 
Property investment and 
provision of property 
management services 
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(BBR Asset I) Sdn Bhd 
Property investment Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(BBR Asset Il) Sdn Bhd
Property investment Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(BBR Asset III) Sdn Bhd
Property investment Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(BBR Asset IV) Sdn Bhd
Property investment Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Bukit Jelutong) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Bukit Raja) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Bukit Subang) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Bukit Tunku) Sdn Bhd
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(BUP Asset I) Sdn Bhd
Property investment Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Chemara) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(City of Elmina) Sdn Bhd
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
373Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 376 ----
44 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Subsidiaries, material joint ventures and associates which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company Principal activities incorporation interest (%) Auditors
2023 2022
Subsidiaries (continued)
Sime Darby Property 
(Convention Centre) 
Sdn Bhd 
Operation of a convention 
centre 
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(EBP Asset I) Sdn Bhd
Property investment Malaysia 100.0 – 4
Sime Darby Property 
(Elmina East Asset I) 
Sdn Bhd 
Property investment Malaysia 100.0 – 4
Sime Darby Property 
(Elmina East Asset II) 
Sdn Bhd
Property investment Malaysia 100.0 – 4
Sime Darby Property 
(Elmina Lakeside Mall) 
Sdn Bhd
Property investment Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Elmina Lakeside Mall 
Power) Sdn Bhd
Distribution and sales of 
electricity
Malaysia 100.0 – 4
Sime Darby Property 
(Glades) Sdn Bhd
Property investment, owner 
and operator of retail spaces
Malaysia 100.0 – 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Golfhome) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Golftek) Sdn Bhd 
Property investment and 
property development
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Ironwood) Sdn Bhd 
Property investment and 
property development
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Kenny Hills) Sdn Bhd 
(formerly known as Sime 
Darby Brunsfield Kenny 
Hills Sdn Bhd)
Property development Malaysia 100.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(KL East) Sdn Bhd
Property development, 
property management and 
property investment
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Klang) Sdn Bhd
Provision of management 
services
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
374
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 377 ----
44  LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, material joint ventures and associates which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company Principal activities incorporation interest (%) Auditors
2023 2022
Subsidiaries (continued)
Sime Darby Property  
(KLGCC Resort) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Lagong) Sdn Bhd
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Lembah Acob) Sdn Bh
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Lukut) Sdn Bhd
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(MVV Central) Sdn Bhd
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Nilai) Sdn Bhd
Property development and 
property management
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Nilai Realty) Sdn Bhd
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Oasis Damansara) Sdn Bhd 
(formerly known as Sime 
Darby Brunsfield 
Damansara Sdn Bhd)
Property development and 
property investment 
Malaysia 100.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Oasis Square) Sdn Bhd 
(formerly known as Sime 
Darby Brunsfield 
Properties Holding  
Sdn Bhd) 
Property investment and 
property management 
services
Malaysia 100.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
 (Pagoh) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property (PJM) 
Sdn Bhd (formerly known 
as Sime Darby Brunsfield 
Motorworld Sdn Bhd)
Investment holding Malaysia 100.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Sabah) Sdn Bhd 
Property development and 
investment holding
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Saujana Impian) Sdn Bhd 
Property development and 
property management
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
375Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 378 ----
44 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Subsidiaries, material joint ventures and associates which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company Principal activities incorporation interest (%) Auditors
2023 2022
Subsidiaries (continued)
Sime Darby Property 
(Senada) Sdn Bhd 
(formerly known as Sime 
Darby Brunsfield Resort 
Sdn Bhd) 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Selangor) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Serenia City) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property
 (SJ7) Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Subang) Sdn Bhd 
Property development, 
property management and 
property investment
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Sungai Kapar) Sdn Bhd 
Investment holding, property 
development, property 
investment, owner and 
operator of a mall
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
(Utara) Sdn Bhd
Property development and 
property investment
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
Holdings Sdn Bhd 
Property investment and 
provision of property 
management services 
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
Management Sdn Bhd
Property management services 
and property investment 
holding
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
Oasis (Holding) Sdn Bhd 
(formerly known as 
Sime Darby Brunsfield 
Holding Sdn Bhd)
Investment holding, property 
development and provision 
of management services
Malaysia 100.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property Selatan 
(Holding) Sdn Bhd
Property development, 
property investment and 
investment holding
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
Selatan Sdn Bhd
Investment holding, asset 
management and 
construction
Malaysia 60.0 60.0 1
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
376
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 379 ----
44  LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, material joint ventures and associates which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company Principal activities incorporation interest (%) Auditors
2023 2022
Subsidiaries (continued)
Sime Darby Property  
Selatan Satu Sdn Bhd
Construction and assets 
management services under 
the concession arrangement
Malaysia 60.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
Selatan Dua Sdn Bhd
Construction and assets 
management services under 
the concession arrangement
Malaysia 60.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
Selatan Tiga Sdn Bhd
Construction and assets 
management services under 
the concession arrangement
Malaysia 60.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
Selatan Empat Sdn Bhd
Construction and assets 
management services under 
the concession arrangement
Malaysia 60.0 60.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
Urus Harta Sdn Bhd
Investment holding and 
property management 
services 
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
Ventures (MY) Sdn Bhd
Investment holding Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property  
(Capital Holdings) Pte Ltd
Investment holding Singapore 100.0 100.0 3
Sime Darby Property 
Singapore Limited
Property management and 
investment holding 
Singapore 100.0 100.0 3
Sime Darby Property 
(Vietnam) Pte Ltd
Investment holding Singapore 100.0 100.0 3
Sime Darby Property  
(Hong Kong) Limited
Investment holding Hong Kong SAR 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Property 
(London) Limited 
Property investment holding United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 3
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
377Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 380 ----
44 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Subsidiaries, material joint ventures and associates which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company Principal activities incorporation interest (%) Auditors
2023 2022
Joint ventures
PJ Midtown Development 
Sdn Bhd 
Property development Malaysia 50.0 30.0 1
SDPLOG1 (MY Holdings) 
Sdn Bhd
Investment holding Malaysia 55.0 55.0 1
Sime Darby Property 
CapitaLand (Melawati 
Mall) Sdn Bhd 
Property investment Malaysia 50.0 50.0 3
Sime Darby Property MIT 
Development Sdn Bhd 
Investment holding and project 
management
Malaysia 50.0 50.0 1
Sime Darby Property Sunrise 
Development Sdn Bhd
Property development Malaysia 50.0 50.0 1
Aster Real Estate 
Investment Trust 1
Real estate investment Singapore 25.0 25.0 3
SDPLOG – IDF 1 
(JV Holdings) Pte Ltd 
Investment holding Singapore 51.0 51.0 2
Sime Darby Property 
– LOGOS Property 
Industrial Development 
Fund 1 LP 
Trust, funds and other similar 
activities
Singapore 55.0 55.0 2
Battersea Project Holding 
Company Limited
Property development and 
investment holding
Jersey 40.0 40.0 2
Battersea Power Station 
Development Company 
Limited
Development management 
services
United Kingdom 40.0 40.0 2
Battersea Power Station 
Estates Limited
Property/residential sales 
services
United Kingdom 40.0 40.0 2
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
378
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 381 ----
44  LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, material joint ventures and associates which are active as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: (continued)
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company Principal activities incorporation interest (%) Auditors
2023 2022
Associates
Kuantan Pahang Holding Sdn 
Bhd 
Investment holding Malaysia 30.0 30.0 1
Mostyn Development Sdn 
Bhd
Property development Malaysia 30.0 30.0 3
Shaw Brothers (M) Sdn Bhd Investment holding Malaysia 36.0 36.0 3
Yayasan Sime Darby Administration of scholarship 
awards and educational loans 
and undertake sports, 
environmental conservation 
and sustainability projects
Malaysia @ @1
@ Yayasan Sime Darby is a company without share capital, limited by guarantee
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
379Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 382 ----
44 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Subsidiaries which are dormant/inactive as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company incorporation interest (%) Auditors
2023 2022
Subsidiaries
Sime Darby Builders Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Constant Skyline Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property (BBR Industrial I) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property (Bukit Selarong) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property (H&L) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property (Kulai) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property (Subang Jaya) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 70.0 1
(formerly known as Sime Darby Brunsfield
Property Sdn Bhd)
Sime Darby Property (UEP) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Property (USJ) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Putra Heights Development Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Superglade Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 60.0 1
The Glengowrie Rubber Company Sdn Berhad Malaysia 78.7 78.7 1
Sime Darby Property Real Estate Management Pte Ltd Singapore 100.0 100.0 3
Key Access Holdings Limited British Virgin 
Islands
100.0 100.0 4
Robt Bradford Hobbs Savill Limited United Kingdom 98.6 98.6 4
Robt Bradford & Co Limited United Kingdom 100.0 100.0 4
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
380
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 383 ----
44 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
The subsidiaries placed under members' voluntary liquidation or deregistered during the financial year are as follows:
Country of Group’s effective
Name of company incorporation interest (%)
2023 2022
Subsidiaries
Sime Darby Brunsfield Australia Pte Ltd British Virgin 
Islands
– 60.0
Sime Darby Property Ventures (HK) Limited Hong Kong
SAR
– 100.0
Vibernum Limited Guernsey – 100.0
Notes:
1. Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia.
2. Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are audited by member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers International 
Limited, which are separate and independent legal entities from PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT, Malaysia.
3. Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are audited by firms other than member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
International Limited.
4. No legal requirements to appoint auditors or newly incorporated entities for which auditors have yet to be appointed.
45 RECLASSIFICATION OF COMPARATIVE
The Group changed its presentation policy on gains or losses arising from a change in fair value of investment property during 
the year. Such gains or losses are now presented as part of the operating profit in the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss. The net changes in fair value which forms part of the operating profit is also consistent with the measurement of 
segment results as disclosed in Note 39 to the financial statements. The reclassification allows for a more comprehensive and 
better reflection of the performance of the Group’s operations which include the investment and asset management segment. 
The reclassification had no effect on (1) the profit for the current and previous financial period; (2) retained earnings; (3) 
statement of financial position; and (4) statement of cash flows.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
381Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 384 ----
45 RECLASSIFICATION OF COMPARATIVE (CONTINUED)
The effect of the reclassification of net changes in fair value on investment properties for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 are as follows:
i. Reconciliation of statement of profit or loss for the financial year ended 31 December 2022
Group
As
previously
stated
Reclassi-
fication
As
restated
Revenue 2,742,136 – 2,742,136
Cost of sales (1,915,563) – (1,915,563)
Gross profit 826,573 – 826,573
Other income/(expenses) 22,368 (51,601) (29,233)
Marketing and selling expenses (118,065) – (118,065)
Administrative and other expenses (243,036) – (243,036)
Operating profit 487,840 (51,601) 436,239
Share of results of joint ventures (27,756) – (27,756)
Share of results of associates 1,661 – 1,661
Other gains (11,508) 51,601 40,093
Profit before interest and taxation 450,237 – 450,237
Finance income 105,996 – 105,996
Finance costs (97,373) – (97,373)
Profit before taxation 458,860 – 458,860
Taxation (147,162) – (147,162)
Profit for the financial year 311,698 – 311,698
Other comprehensive income (140,186) – (140,186)
 Total comprehensive income for the financial year 171,512 – 171,512
Profit for the financial year attributable to:
– owners of the Company 315,839 – 315,839
– non-controlling interests (4,141) – (4,141)
311,698 – 311,698
Total comprehensive income for the financial year attributable to:
– owners of the Company 175,334 – 175,334
– non-controlling interests (3,822) – (3,822)
 171,512 – 171,512
Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the 
Company (Sen)  4.6 4.6
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
382
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 385 ----
46 SIGNIFICANT EVENT SUBSEQUENT TO THE FINANCIAL YEAR
On 30 January 2024, the Industrial Development Fund ("IDF"), a joint venture of the Group, held its second closing with 
additional commitments of RM205.5 million from new limited partners, thus increasing the fund size to RM842.5 million. The 
Group’s interest will be diluted from 55.0% to 32.6% upon the completion of capital calls and redistribution of partnership 
interests.
Following the execution of a shareholders' agreement with Lagenda Properties Berhad ("Lagenda Properties") to develop 
affordable homes, the share allotment of Seed Homes Lagenda Sdn Bhd, a 50:50 owned entity by the Group and Lagenda 
Properties, has been completed on 28 February 2024.
47 APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The financial statements have been approved for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors dated 26 
March 2024.
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Amounts in RM thousand unless otherwise stated
383Integrated Report 2023

---- Page 386 ----
384
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Issued and Paid-Up Share Capital : 6,800,839,377
Class of Shares : Ordinary Shares
Number of Shareholders : 28,626
Voting Rights : 1 vote per Ordinary Share
Size of Shareholdings
No. of
 Shareholders
 % of 
Shareholders
No. of 
Shares Held
% of 
Issued Shares
Less than 100 2,789 9.743 69,464 0.001
100 to 1,000 shares 6,085 21.257 3,610,764 0.053
1,001 to 10,000 shares 13,862 48.425 53,962,018 0.793
10,001 to 100,000 shares 4,760 16.628 139,794,924 2.056
100,001 to less than 5% of issued shares 1,127 3.937 2,860,727,027 42.064
5% and above of issued shares 3 0.010 3,742,675,180 55.033
TOTAL 28,626 100.00 6,800,839,377 100.00
ANALYSIS OF EQUITY STRUCTURE AS PER THE RECORD OF DEPOSITORS
Category of Holders
No. of
 Shareholders
% of 
Shareholders
No. of 
Shares Held
% of 
Issued Shares
Individual 23,543 82.243 304,290,975 4.474
Bank/Finance Companies 56 0.196 4,330,566,695 63.677
Investment Trusts/Foundation/Charities 19 0.066 1,864,028 0.027
Industrial and Commercial Companies 514 1.796 122,657,788 1.804
Government Agencies/Institutions 1 0.003 1,065,890 0.016
Nominees 4,491 15.689 2,040,288,726 30.001
Others 2 0.007 105,275 0.002
Trustee ––––
TOTAL 28,626 100.00 6,800,839,377 100.00 
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS PER THE REGISTER OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
No. Name of Shareholders
No. of Shares 
Held (Direct 
Interest)
% of 
Issued
 Shares
No. of 
Shares Held 
(Indirect/
Deemed
 Interest)
% of 
Issued
 Shares
1 Amanahraya Trustees Berhad – Amanah Saham 
Bumiputera
2,969,949,600 43.670 – –
2 Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 405,670,612 5.965 45,495,200 0.669
3 Permodalan Nasional Berhad 374,183,792 5.502 – –
4 Yayasan Pelaburan Bumiputra 1 – – 374,183,792 5.502
Note:
1 Deemed interested by virtue of its interest in Permodalan Nasional Berhad pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 2016.
DIRECTORS’ DIRECT AND INDIRECT INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY AND ITS RELATED CORPORATIONS 
None of the Directors of the Company has any interest, direct or indirect, in the Company and its related corporations.
Analysis of Shareholdings
as at 29 March 2024

---- Page 387 ----
TOP THIRTY (30) SHAREHOLDERS AS PER THE RECORD OF DEPOSITORS
No. Name of Shareholders
No. of 
Shares Held
% of 
Issued Shares
1 Amanahraya Trustees Berhad 
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 2,969,949,600 43.670
2 Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 398,541,788 5.860
3 Permodalan Nasional Berhad 374,183,792 5.502
4 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
Exempt An for AIA Bhd 193,604,400 2.847
5 Amanahraya Trustees Berhad 
Amanah Saham Malaysia 2 - Wawasan 138,000,000 2.029
6 Amanahraya Trustees Berhad 
Amanah Saham Malaysia 118,109,900 1.737
7 Amanahraya Trustees Berhad 
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 2 112,897,400 1.660
8 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
Employees Provident Fund Board 110,482,640 1.625
9 Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
PAMB for Prulink Equity Fund 62,117,527 0.913
10 HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
HSBC BK PLC for Kuwait Investment Office (KIO) 60,693,700 0.892
11 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Employees Provident Fund Board (Islamic) 54,184,060 0.797
12 Amanahraya Trustees Berhad 
Amanah Saham Malaysia 3 53,885,437 0.792
13 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (PAR 1) 52,782,849 0.776
14 Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
Exempt An for State Street Bank & Trust Company (West CLT OD67) 45,796,100 0.673 
15 Guoline (Singapore) Pte Ltd 40,701,700 0.598
16 Amanahraya Trustees Berhad 
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 3 - Didik 40,274,300 0.592
17 Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
Exempt An for Citibank New York (Norges Bank 14) 40,035,265 0.589
18 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
Employees Provident Fund Board (Nomura) 40,000,000 0.588
19 Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
CBNY for Norges Bank (FI 17) 39,014,706 0.574
20 Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
Exempt An for Citibank New York (Norges Bank 22) 35,000,000 0.515
21 Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd 
UBS AG 34,958,090 0.514
22 Quek Leng Chan 33,600,000 0.494
23 CIMB Group Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
CIMB Bank Berhad (EDP 2) 33,224,461 0.489
24 Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad for Prulink Strategic Fund 31,945,500 0.470
25 Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
PBTB for Takafulink Dana Ekuiti 28,427,388 0.418
26 HSBC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
HSBC (M) Trustee Bhd for Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad (MEF) 27,213,178 0.400
27 HSBC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd 
HSBC (M) Trustee Bhd for Manulife Insurance Al-Fauzan (5170) 22,527,500 0.331
28 CIMB Group Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
CIMB Commerce Trustee Berhad for Kenanga Shariah Growth Opportunities Fund (50156 TR01) 22,503,400 0.331
29 HSBC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
HSBC (M) Trustee Bhd for Manulife Insurance Berhad (Equity Fund ) 22,481,200 0.331
30 Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  
Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (Par 3) 20,767,002 0.305
TOTAL 5,257,902,883 77.313
385Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 388 ----
Location Tenure
Remaining 
land area
 (acres)
Year of
acquisition
Net book value 
 (RM’ thousand) 
LAND HELD BY THE GROUP
MALAYSIA
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Subang Jaya City Centre, Subang Jaya Freehold 22 1964 – 2013 126,969
Melawati Development, Hulu Kelang Freehold 119 1978 122,352
Elmina West, Sungai Buloh Freehold 871 1985 257,229
Ara Damansara, Petaling Jaya Freehold 44 1985 44,624
Elmina Business Park, Rawang Freehold 1,161 1985 251,826
Elmina East, Sungai Buloh Freehold 172 1985 66,548
Bukit Jelutong, Shah Alam Freehold 123 1985 95,019
Bukit Lagong, Rawang Freehold 1,487 1985 63,141
Taipan City, Subang Freehold 30 1992 245,357
Putra Heights, Subang Jaya Freehold 37 1992 124,845
Bandar Bukit Raja, Klang Freehold 1,324 1995 104,862
Serenia City, Sepang Freehold 809 2008 65,352
Bandar Bukit Raja X, Klang Freehold 827 2023 524,384
Negeri Sembilan Darul Khusus
Nilai Impian/Utama, Nilai Freehold  353 1992 – 1996  292,587 
New Labu/Labu/Kirby, Nilai* Freehold  1,897 
1995 – 2017
 702,781 
Bandar Hamilton Nilai City, Nilai* Freehold  400  40,466 
Bandar Ainsdale, Seremban* Freehold  124  214,152 
MVV Central, Seremban Freehold  760 2023  315,167 
Kuala Lumpur
Bukit Kiara Leasehold expiring 2111  35 1991  445,131
Johor Darul Takzim
Pagoh, Muar Leasehold expiring 2111  2,143 2012  330,225
Kedah Darul Aman
Jerai, Kuala Muda Freehold  643 1985 – 2007  30,238
*  Formerly included under New Labu/Sg Sekah/Hamilton Nilai City, Nilai with total land area of 2,889 acres and net book value of RM963.5 million in 2022
386
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
L i s t  o f  M a t e r i a l  P r o p e rt i e s  H e l d  b y  t h e  G r o u p

---- Page 389 ----
Location Tenure
Land 
area 
(acres)
Year of 
acquisition/
completion
Age of 
building
(Years) Description
Net book value
(RM’ thousand)
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES & OFFICES
MALAYSIA
Kuala Lumpur
Wisma MRT, Damansara Heights Freehold  1 1985 41 5-storey office building  38,000 
Taman Melawati Freehold  7 2015 – Land leased for c ollege purposes  31,195 
KL East Mall, Taman Melawati Freehold  7 2020 4 4-st orey shopping mall with car 
park
 361,890 
Senada Mall, Bukit Kiara Leasehold 
expiring 
 2111
 6 Construction 
in progress
– 5-storey shopping mall with car 
park
 137,117 
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Sime Darby Pavilion, Bukit Jelutong Freehold  7 1999 25 3-storey commercial building  59,958 
Wisma Zuellig, Petaling Jaya Leasehold 
expiring 
 2059
 3 2000 31 6-storey building for medical 
facilities
 37,941 
Oasis Square, Ara Damansara Freehold  3 2010 14 2 blocks of 12-storey office 
building with car park
 215,108 
The Glades Plaza, Subang Jaya^ Freehold  2 2014 9 3-storey c ommercial building  22,000 
Oasis Corporate Park, Ara Damansara Freehold  10 2017 7 Car park  37,000 
Bandar Bukit Raja X, Klang Freehold  122 2023– Land leased for plantation 
purposes
 116,010 
Elmina Lakeside Mall, City of Elmina Freehold  13 Construction 
in progress
– Single-storey shopping mall 
under construction
 89,583 
Elmina Office and Sales Gallery Freehold  5 Construction 
in progress
– Office and sales gallery  26,692 
Kedah Darul Aman
Jerai Estate and Harvard Suasana Resort, 
Kuala Muda
Freehold 374 1985 – 2007 24 Land and building leased for 
hotel and golf resort, land  
lease for plantation purposes 
and vacant land 
60,265
LEISURE PROPERTIES
MALAYSIA
Kuala Lumpur
Kuala Lumpur Golf & Country Club,  
Bukit Kiara
Leasehold 
expiring 
2087
279 1991 13–31 36-hole golf course and 
clubhouse
238,558
Sime Darby Convention Centre,  
Bukit Kiara
Leasehold 
expiring 
2111
4 2006 18 5-storey multi-purpose 
convention and business centre
83,537
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Impian Golf & Country Club,  
Kajang
Freehold 142 1997 27 18-hole golf course and 
 country club
53,978
Bayuemas Sports and Events Complex, 
Kota Bayuemas
Freehold 22 2004 13 – 20 Cricket club and lawn bowl 
 sports facilities
33,642
^  Previously classified under inventories prior to 2023
387Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 390 ----
388
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Independent Assurance Report

---- Page 391 ----
389Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 392 ----
390
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Independent Assurance Report

---- Page 393 ----
391Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 394 ----
CORPORATE HEAD OFFICE
Sime Darby Property Berhad 
Level 10, Block G
No.2, Jalan PJU 1A/7A
Ara Damansara, PJU 1A
47301 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel: +603-7849 5000
RETAIL & PROPERTY INVESTMENT
KL East Mall
Level 1, Centre Management Office
KL East Mall
823, Jalan Lingkaran Tengah 2
KL Timur
53100 Kuala Lumpur
Tel: +603-7455 9528
Melawati Mall
UP2-01, Centre Management Office 
Melawati Mall
355, Jalan Bandar Melawati
Pusat Bandar Melawati
53100 Kuala Lumpur
Tel: +603-4161 8720
The Glades Plaza
Level 10, Block G
No. 2, Jalan PJU 1A/7A
Ara Damansara, PJU 1A
47301 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel: +603-7849 5000
HOSPITALITY AND LEISURE
Kuala Lumpur Golf & Country Club
10, Jalan 1/70D
Off Jalan Bukit Kiara
60000 Kuala Lumpur
Tel: +603-2011 9188
Sime Darby Convention Centre
1A, Jalan Bukit Kiara 1
60000 Kuala Lumpur
Tel: +603-2011 9188
Impian Golf & Country Club
14th Miles, Jalan Cheras
43000 Kajang Selangor
Tel: +603-8734 4195
SUBSIDIARIES
Sime Darby Property Selatan Sdn Bhd 
(HQ)
Level 9, Block G
No. 2, Jalan PJU 1A/7A
Ara Damansara, PJU 1A
47301 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel : +603-7455 9552
Sime Darby Property Selatan Sdn Bhd 
(Site Office)
Asset Management Services Office
Multi-Purpose Hall, Shared Facilities
Pagoh Higher Education Hub
84600 Muar 
Johor
Tel : +606-9742 406
OVERSEAS
Battersea Power Station Development 
Company
No. 1 Village Courtyard
Circus West Village
Battersea Power Station
London, SW11 8AH
Tel: (+44) 20 7501 0688
SIME DARBY PROPERTY
 SALES GALLERIES (including
 Joint Ventures and Associates)
 KUALA LUMPUR
KL East Sales Gallery
Off Middle Ring Road 2 
Desa Melawati
53100 Kuala Lumpur
Tel: +603-7455 9503
The International Gallery 
at KLGCC Resort
2A, Jalan Bukit Kiara 1
Bukit Kiara 
60000 Kuala Lumpur
Tel: +603-2080 9088
 SELANGOR
Ara Damansara Sales Gallery
Jalan PJU 1A/A, Ara Damansara
47301 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel: +603-7849 5511
Elmina Pavilion 
Persiaran Eserina 
Elmina East Sek U16
40160 Shah Alam
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel: +603-7831 2253
SJCC Gallery
Jalan SS 16/1
47500 Subang Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel: +603-5631 8888
Putra Heights Sales Gallery
Level 2, The Glades Plaza
Off Persiaran Putra Perdana
Putra Heights
47500, Subang Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel: +603-5198 0888
Bandar Bukit Raja Sales Gallery
1E, Jalan Gamelan
Bandar Bukit Raja
41200 Klang
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel: +603-3361 7288
Serenia City Sales Gallery
Lot 27999
Jalan Pintas Dengkil-Putrajaya (FT29)
Bandar Serenia
43900 Sepang
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Tel: +603-8760 0505
 NEGERI SEMBILAN
Nilai Impian Sales Gallery
No. 1, Persiaran Nilai Impian 3
Nilai Impian
71800 Nilai
Negeri Sembilan
Tel: +606-794 8383
Bandar Ainsdale Sales Gallery
No.1, Jalan Ainsdale 1/1
Bandar Ainsdale
70300 Seremban
Negeri Sembilan
Tel: +606-761 2778
Planters’ Haven Sales Gallery
No. 1, Persiaran Nilai Impian 3
Nilai Impian
71800 Nilai
Negeri Sembilan
Tel: +606-794 8383
 JOHOR
Bandar Universiti Pagoh Sales Gallery
KM25, Jalan Pagoh
Pagoh 
84600 Muar
Johor
Tel: +606-984 2222
392
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Corporate Directory

---- Page 395 ----
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Fifty-First Annual General Meeting (“51st AGM”) of Sime 
Darby Property Berhad (“Sime Darby Property” or “Company”) will be held virtually via online 
meeting platform at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com and at the Ballroom 1, First Floor, 
Sime Darby Convention Centre, 1A, Jalan Bukit Kiara 1, 60000 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia as the 
Broadcast Venue on Monday, 20 May 2024 at 10.00 a.m. for the transaction of the following 
Ordinary Business:
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 together 
with the Reports of the Directors and the Auditors thereon.
 Refer to Explanatory Note 1
2. To re-elect the following Directors who retire by rotation in accordance with Rule 111 of the Constitution 
of the Company and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election:
(i)  Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan
(ii)  Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla 
(iii)  Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin
Refer to Explanatory Note 2
(Resolution 1)
(Resolution 2)
(Resolution 3)
3. To re-elect Nur Farahbi Shaari who retires by rotation in accordance with Rule 92.3 of the Constitution of 
the Company and being eligible, offer herself for re-election.
Refer to Explanatory Note 3
(Resolution 4)
4. To approve the payment of fees to the Non-Executive Directors for the period from 21 May 2024 until 
the next AGM of the Company to be held in year 2025. 
Refer to Explanatory Note 4
(Resolution 5)
5. To approve the payment of benefits payable to the Non-Executive Directors up to an amount of RM500,000 
for the period from 21 May 2024 until the next AGM of the Company to be held in year 2025.
Refer to Explanatory Note 5
(Resolution 6)
6. To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT as the Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending 
31 December 2024 and to authorise the Directors to determine their remuneration.
Refer to Explanatory Note 6
(Resolution 7)
7. To transact any other business for which due notice shall have been given in accordance with the 
Companies Act 2016 and the Constitution of the Company.
FURTHER NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT  for the purpose of determining a member who shall be entitled to attend, speak and vote 
at this 51st AGM, the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd in accordance with Rule 76 of the Constitut ion 
of the Company and Section 34(1) of the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991, to issue a General Meeting Record of 
Depositors as at 10 May 2024. Only a depositor whose name appears on the Record of Depositors as at 10 May 2024 shall be entitl ed 
to attend the said meeting or appoint proxies to attend, speak and vote on his/her behalf.
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD
Noreen Melini Muzamli
Group Company Secretary
(SSM PC No. 201908002218)
(LS 0008290)
Petaling Jaya
19 April 2024
393Integrated Report 2023
N o t i c e  o f  A n n u a l  G e n e r a l  M e e t i n g

---- Page 396 ----
NOTES:
1.  Registration for Remote Participation and Electronic 
Voting (“RPEV”) Facilities
1.1 The 51st AGM will be conducted on a virtual basis 
through live streaming and online remote voting via RPEV 
facilities at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com.
Members can attend, participate and vote in the 
meeting remotely or online using the RPEV facilities. 
Please follow the procedures provided in the 
Administrative Details for the 51st AGM to register, 
participate and vote remotely via the RPEV facilities.
1.2 The Broadcast Venue of the 51st AGM is strictly for 
the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the 
Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) which requires the 
Chairman of the Meeting to be at the main venue of 
the meeting. No shareholder(s), proxy(ies), authorised 
representative(s) or attorney(s) will be physically 
present at the Broadcast venue on the day of the 
meeting. 
2. Submission of questions before and during the meeting
2.1 Members may submit questions in relation to the 
agenda items for the 51st AGM prior to the meeting 
via Boardroom Smart Investor Portal (“BSIP”) at 
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com not later 
than Saturday, 18 May 2024. The responses to these 
questions will be shared at the 51st AGM.
2.2 During the 51st AGM live streaming, Members may 
also pose questions via real time submission of typed 
texts at BSIP. The Messaging window facility will be 
opened concurrently with the Meeting Platform 
(i.e. one hour before the 51st AGM from 9.00 a.m. on 
Monday, 20 May 2024). The Board and Senior 
Management will be in attendance either at the 
Broadcast Venue or remotely to provide responses 
accordingly. 
3. Proxy
3.1 A Member entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting 
is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies 
to exercise all or any of his/her rights to attend, 
participate, speak and vote at the Meeting on his/her 
behalf. Where a Member appoints more than one (1) 
proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless he/she 
speciﬁes the proportion of his/her shareholdings to 
be represented by each proxy. A proxy may, but 
need not, be a Member of the Company.
3.2 A Member may appoint any person to be his/her 
proxy without any restriction as to the qualification 
of such person.
3.3  Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market 
Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad, all resolutions set out in the Notice of the 
51st AGM of the Company shall be put to vote by 
way of a poll.
3.4 Where a Member of the Company is an Authorised 
Nominee as deﬁned under the Securities Industry 
(Central Depositories) Act 1991 (“SICDA”), he/she 
may appoint not more than two (2) proxies in respect 
of each Securities Account he/she holds with ordinary 
shares of the Company standing to the credit of the 
said Securities Account to attend and vote at a 
meeting of the Company instead of him/her.
3.5 Where a Member of the Company is an Exempt 
Authorised Nominee as defined under SICDA which 
holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple 
beneﬁcial owners in one (1) Securities Account 
(Omnibus Account), there is no limit to the number of 
proxies which the Exempt Authorised Nominee may 
appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds 
PROVIDED THAT each beneficial owner of ordinary 
shares, or where the ordinary shares are held on 
behalf of joint beneficial owners, such joint beneficial 
owners, shall only be entitled to instruct the Exempt 
Authorised Nominee to appoint not more than two 
(2) proxies to attend and vote at a general meeting of 
the Company instead of the beneficial owner or joint 
beneficial owners.
3.6 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing 
signed by the appointor or his/her attorney duly 
authorised in writing or, if the appointor is a 
corporation, either under its common seal or under 
the hand of two (2) authorised officers, one of whom 
shall be a Director, or of its attorney duly authorised. 
Any alteration to the instrument appointing a proxy 
must be initialled.
394
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Notice of Annual General Meeting

---- Page 397 ----
3.7 The appointment of proxy may be made in a hardcopy 
form or by electronic means as follows:
 (i) In Hardcopy Form
 The Proxy Form or the Power of Attorney or 
other authority, if any, under which it is signed 
or a notarially certified copy of that power or 
authority, must be deposited at the Poll 
Administrator’s office, Boardroom Share 
Registrars Sdn Bhd at 11th Floor, Menara 
Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Professor Khoo Kay Kim, 
Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul 
Ehsan, Malaysia not less than 48 hours before 
the time for holding this AGM or no later than 
18 May 2024 at 10.00 a.m.
 (ii) By Electronic Form
 The Proxy Form can be electronically submitted via 
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com or by sending 
it via email to bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com 
(Kindly refer to the Administrative Details).
3.8 Only Members registered in the Record of Depositors 
as at 10 May 2024 shall be entitled to attend, speak 
and vote at the 51st AGM or appoint a proxy(ies) to 
attend and vote on their behalf.
EXPLANATORY NOTES
1.  Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year Ended 
31 December 2023
  The Audited Financial Statements are laid before the 
shareholders pursuant to the provisions of Section 266(1)
(a) and Section 340(1)(a) of the Act for discussion only and 
will not be put forward for voting. 
2. Ordinary Resolutions 1 to 3:  
 Re-election of Directors in accordance with Rule 111 of 
the Constitution
 Rule 111 of the Constitution expressly states that at every 
AGM, at least one-third (1/3) of the Directors for the time 
being shall retire from office. In addition, Rule 112 of the 
Constitution states that all Directors shall retire from 
office once at least in each three (3) years. A retiring 
Director shall be eligible for re-election. 
 Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan, Mohamed 
Ridza Mohamed Abdulla and Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin are due 
to retire at the 51st AGM in accordance with Rule 111 of 
the Company’s Constitution.
For the purpose of determining the eligibility of the 
Directors to stand for re-election at the 51st AGM, the 
Board through its Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (“NRC”), had assessed each of the retiring 
Directors, and considered the following: 
(i) The Directors’ performance and contribution based 
on the results of the Self and Peer Assessment of the 
Board Effectiveness Evaluation 2023;
(ii) The Directors’ level of contribution to the Board 
deliberations through their skills, experience and 
strength in qualities as well as their effective 
leadership as chairperson of the respective Board 
Committees;
(iii) The level of independence demonstrated by the 
Independent Director and their ability to act in the 
best interests of the Company in decision-making;
(iv) The Directors have the character, integrity, experience 
and competence, as well as fit and properness to 
discharge their role effectively; and
(v) The Directors’ ability to commit and devote adequate 
time to fulfil their responsibilities effectively.
 Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan, Mohamed 
Ridza Mohamed Abdulla and Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin, being 
eligible, have offered themselves for re-election at the 
51st AGM.
Based on the aforesaid assessment, the Board and the NRC 
are satisfied that the individual Directors (including the 
retiring Directors) have met the performance criteria 
required of an effective and high-performance Board and 
the Board’s expectations by continuously discharging their 
duties diligently as Directors of the Company. In addition, 
the Non-Executive Directors (“NEDs”) have provided annual 
declaration/confirmation of independence and, fit and 
proper, respectively. Accordingly, the Board recommends 
the re-election of Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad 
Raslan, Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla and Dr. Lisa Lim 
Poh Lin at the 51st AGM.
All Directors standing for re-election under Rule 111 of the 
Constitution have abstained from deliberations and 
decisions on their own eligibility to stand for re-election at 
the relevant NRC and Board meetings and will continue to 
abstain from deliberations and decisions on their own 
eligibility to stand for re-election at this AGM.
The profile of the retiring Directors are set out on pages 193, 
195 and 197, respectively, in the Company’s Integrated 
Report.
395Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 398 ----
3. Ordinary Resolution 4: 
Re-election of Director in accordance with Rule 92.3 of the 
Constitution
Rule 92.3 of the Constitution provides that any Director 
appointed during the year shall hold office only until the 
next AGM and shall be eligible for re-election. The 
Director shall not be taken into account in determining 
the Directors to retire by rotation at the AGM. 
Nur Farahbi Shaari, who was appointed on 1 September 
2023, shall hold office until the 51st AGM and shall then 
be eligible for re-election in accordance with Rule 92.3 of 
the Constitution. 
Nur Farahbi Shaari has abstained from deliberations and 
decisions on her own eligibility to stand for re-election at 
the Board meetings and will continue to abstain from 
deliberations and decisions on her own eligibility to stand 
for re-election at this AGM. 
The profile of Nur Farahbi Shaari is set out on page 198 in 
the Company’s Integrated Report.
4. Ordinary Resolution 5:
Payment of Directors’ Fees to the NEDs for the period 
from 21 May 2024 until the next AGM of the Company to 
be held in year 2025
Pursuant to Section 230(1) of the Act, any “fees” of the 
directors and “any benefits” payable to the directors of a 
listed company and its subsidiaries shall be approved at a 
general meeting. Rule 94.1 of the Constitution of the 
Company further provides that the fees and benefits 
payable to the NEDs shall be subject to annual 
shareholders’ approval at a general meeting. 
The Company had, at its Fiftieth AGM (“50th AGM”), 
obtained approval from the shareholders in respect of the 
payment of Directors’ fees to the NEDs for the period 
from 25 May 2023 until the 51st AGM. 
The NRC had continued to carry out an annual review of 
the Directors’ remuneration with the view to ensure that 
the proposed fees for the Board and Board Committees of 
the Company remain competitive to attract and retain 
high calibre individuals, to commensurate with the level of 
responsibilities and expected commitments of the NEDs 
on the Company’s Board and Board Committees with 
reference to their statutory duties, the complexity of the 
Group’s businesses and increased expectations from 
various stakeholders. The last engagement of an external 
consultant was in 2019 to review the overall Directors’ 
Remuneration Framework and provide the NRC with an 
objective and independent perspective. The next 
independent review exercise is planned to be carried out 
in the second half of 2024 to ascertain the competitiveness 
of the Board remuneration against its peers as well as 
market.
Based on the recommendation from the NRC, the Board 
had, on 22 February 2024, agreed that the proposed fees 
payable to the NEDs shall remain unchanged, as they are 
still current, relevant and competitive as set out in the 
table below:
Board
(RM/Year)
Board
Committees
(RM/Year)
Chairman 540,000 70,000
Member 220,000 40,000
Shareholders’ approval is hereby sought under Resolution 
5 on the payment of NEDs’ fees for the period from 
21 May 2024 until the next AGM of the Company to be 
held in year 2025. If passed, it will give approval to the 
Company to continue paying the NEDs’ fees on a monthly 
basis after the AGM for their services on the Board and 
Board Committees.
Any NEDs who are shareholders of the Company will 
abstain from voting on Resolution 5 concerning the 
remuneration to the NEDs at the 51st AGM.
The remuneration of each Director is set out in the 
Corporate Governance Report on page 69. 
396
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Notice of Annual General Meeting

---- Page 399 ----
5. Ordinary Resolution 6:
 Payment of Benefits Payable to the NEDs up to an amount 
of RM500,000 for the period from 21 May 2024 until the 
next AGM of the Company to be held in year 2025
The Company had, at its 50th AGM held on 24 May 2023, 
obtained approval from the shareholders in respect of the 
payment of benefits to the NEDs up to an amount of 
RM500,000 for the period from 25 May 2023 until the 
51st AGM comprising, amongst others, the following key 
benefits:
• Telecommunication devices/facilities
• Club membership subscription
• Medical and insurance coverage
• Discount on purchases of Group/Company products
• Use of local holiday bungalow and apartments 
maintained by Sime Darby Property Group
• Other claimable benefits incurred in the course of 
carrying out their duties as Directors
The payment of benefits for the NEDs for the said period 
did not exceed RM500,000.
Based on the review of the current Remuneration 
Framework, the Company is seeking shareholders’ approval 
for the same approval limit as obtained in the preceding 
AGM in respect of the amount of benefits payable to the 
NEDs of up to RM500,000 at the 51st AGM.
If the proposed Resolution 6 is passed, the payment of 
benefits to the NEDs will be made as and when incurred. 
Any NEDs who are shareholders of the Company will 
abstain from voting on Resolution 6 concerning the 
remuneration to the NEDs at the 51st AGM.
6. Ordinary Resolution 7:
 Re-appointment of Auditors
The Audit Committee (“AC”) had conducted a re-tendering 
exercise of the external audit service in early 2024 with 
the aim of ensuring the best quality and most effective 
audit, as well as, to provide a benchmark in ensuring the 
fees quoted remained competitive and aligned to market. 
Proposals were invited from shortlisted firms of external 
auditors to compare, inter alia, their attention to audit 
quality, independence, industry experience, adequacy of 
resources and team competencies, and fees level. 
The AC had, at its meeting held on 21 March 2024, 
deliberated on the re-tendering results and agreed that 
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (“PwC”) be selected and 
recommended for reappointment as the external auditors 
of Sime Darby Property. The AC was satisfied with the 
suitability of PwC based on the quality of audit, 
performance, competency and sufficiency of resources the 
external audit team provided to the Sime Darby Property 
Group. The AC was also satisfied in its review that the 
provisions of non-audit services by PwC to the Company 
for the financial year 2023 did not in any way impair their 
objectivity and independence as external auditors of Sime 
Darby Property. 
The Board had, at its special meeting held on 26 March 
2024, approved the AC’s recommendation for the 
shareholders’ approval to be sought at the 51st AGM on 
the re-appointment of PwC as external auditors of the 
Company for the financial year ending 31 December 2024, 
under Resolution 7. The present external auditors, PwC, 
have indicated their willingness to continue their services 
for the next financial year.
397Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 400 ----
The details of the Directors’ interest in the securities of the Company as at 29 March 2024 are stated in the “Analysis of 
Shareholdings” section in the Company’s Integrated Report.
The profile of the Directors who are standing for re-election (as per Resolutions 1 to 4 as stated above) at the Fifty-First An nual 
General Meeting of Sime Darby Property Berhad are set out in the “Board of Directors’ Profile” section in the Company’s 
Integrated Report.
Statement Accompanying Notice of the Fifty-First Annual 
General Meeting
(Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities 
Berhad)
398
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 401 ----
Date : Monday, 20 May 2024 
Time : 10.00 a.m.
Broadcast Venue : Ballroom 1, First Floor 
   Sime Darby Convention Centre
   1A, Jalan Bukit Kiara 1 
   60000 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Online Platform  :  https://investor.boardroomlimited.com with Remote Participation Platform and Electronic Voting 
Facilities (provided by Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd)
1. Virtual Fifty-First Annual General Meeting
The Company will continue to leverage on technology to facilitate communication and engagement with shareholders by 
conducting the Fifty-First Annual General Meeting (“51st AGM”) on a virtual basis through live streaming and online remote voting 
via Remote Participation and Electronic Voting (“RPEV”) facilities which are available at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com 
provided and operated by Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd (“Boardroom”).
The Broadcast Venue of the 51st AGM is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 
which requires the Chairman of the Meeting to be at the main venue of the meeting. No shareholder(s), proxy(ies), authorised 
representative(s) or attorney(s) will be physically present at the Broadcast Venue on the day of the meeting.
2. General Meeting Record of Depositors 
Only members whose names appear on the Record of Depositors as at 10 May 2024 (“General Meeting ROD”) shall be eligible 
to attend, speak and vote at the 51st AGM or appoint a proxy(ies) to attend and vote on his/her behalf. 
3. RPEV Facilities
Shareholders and proxies are advised to log in to the Boardroom Smart Investor Portal (“BSIP”) at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com 
for the following services: 
i) Register to participate at the virtual AGM
ii) Submit proxy form electronically
iii) Submit questions prior to the virtual AGM
Your login to BSIP on the day of the 51st AGM will indicate your presence at the virtual meeting. 
The quality of the connectivity to the RPEV facilities for live webcast as well as for electronic voting is highly dependent on 
the bandwidth and stability of the internet connection at your location and the device of the remote participants. 
The recommended requirement for live webcast is as follows:
i) Browser :  Latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari or Opera
ii) Bandwidth  :   Minimum 9 Mbps stable speed for High Definition (HD) High Quality video quality or 12 Mbps for Extra 
HD (EHD) video quality
iii) Device with working and good quality speakers.
You may not be able to gain access to the 51st AGM via the RPEV facilities if your connecting device is on network with 
firewall and other security filtration. Kindly seek onsite IT/technical support, if required.
399Integrated Report 2023
Administrative Details
for the Fifty-First Annual General Meeting of Sime Darby Property Berhad

---- Page 402 ----
Administrative Details
for the Fifty-First Annual General Meeting of Sime Darby Property Berhad
4. Registration for Remote Participation 
Shareholders are invited to attend the 51st AGM to exercise your right to attend, participate and vote at the 51st AGM 
remotely by using the RPEV facilities. Kindly refer to the following steps: 
PROCEDURES ACTIONS
Before the day of the AGM
Step 
(1)
Register online with 
BSIP for Individual 
and Corporate 
Shareholder
(Note : For first time registration only
   If you have already signed up with BSIP, you are not required to register again. You may 
proceed to Step (2) – Submit Request for Remote Participation)
a) Access the website https://investor.boardroomlimited.com
b) Click ‘ Register’ to sign up as a user
c) Select ‘Account Type’ to ‘ Sign Up As Shareholder ’ or ‘ Sign Up As Corporate Holder ’ 
d) Complete registration and upload compulsory documents such as softcopy of MyKad 
(front and back) or passport and authorisation letter (template available on the BSIP) for 
Corporate Shareholder
e) Enter a valid mobile number and email address
f) You will receive an email from BSIP for email address verification. Click ‘Verify Email 
Address’ in the email received to continue with the registration
g) Once your email address is verified, you will be re-directed to BSIP for verification of 
mobile number. Click ‘Request OTP Code’ and an OTP code will be sent to the 
registered mobile number. You will need to enter the OTP Code and click ‘Enter’ to 
complete the process
h) Once your mobile number is verified, registration of your new BSIP account will be 
pending for final verification. Your registration will be verified and approved within one 
(1) business day and an email notification will be provided
Step 
(2)
Submit request for 
remote participation
(Note : You must be a registered BSIP user. Otherwise, please refer to Step (1))
The registration for RPEV facilities will open on Friday, 19 April 2024 until such time before 
the voting session ends at the 51st AGM on Monday, 20 May 2024 (“Registration 
Deadline”).
The instrument appointing a proxy must be received latest by Saturday, 18 May 2024 at 
10.00 a.m. (“Proxy Lodgement Deadline”)
For Individual and Corporate Shareholders
a) Login to https://investor.boardroomlimited.com
b) Click ‘Meeting Event(s)’ and select the list of companies – ‘ SIME DARBY PROPERTY 
BERHAD 51ST ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ’ and click ‘ Enter’
c) To attend the virtual AGM remotely 
• Click ‘ Register for RPEV’
• Read and accept the General Terms and Conditions and enter your CDS account no. 
to submit your request
d) To appoint proxy
• Click ‘ Submit eProxy Form’
• For Corporate Shareholder, select the company you would like to represent (if more 
than one) 
• Read and accept the General Terms and Conditions and enter your CDS account no. 
Thereafter, insert your proxy details and voting instructions. If you wish your 
proxy(ies) to act upon his/her discretion, please indicate ‘Discretionary’
400
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights

---- Page 403 ----
PROCEDURES ACTIONS
Before the day of the AGM (continued)
Step 
(2)
Submit request for 
remote participation
For Authorised Nominees and Exempt Authorised Nominees
a) Login to https://investor.boardroomlimited.com
b) Click ‘Meeting Event(s)’ and select the list of companies – ‘ SIME DARBY PROPERTY 
BERHAD 51ST ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ’ and click ‘ Enter’
c) Click ‘ Submit eProxy Form’ 
d) Select the company you would like to represent (if more than one)
e) Proceed to download the file format for ‘Submission of Proxy Form ’ 
f) Prepare the file for appointment of proxy(ies) by inserting the required data 
g) Proceed to upload the duly completed Proxy Appointment file
h) Review and confirm your proxy(ies) appointment(s) and click ‘Submit’ 
i) Download or print the eProxy form as acknowledgement 
For Corporate Shareholders, Authorised Nominees/Exempt Authorised Nominees and 
Attorneys, you may also write to bsr.helpdesk@ boardroomlimited.com and provide name 
of the shareholder, CDS account no. and the Certificate of Appointment of Corporate 
Representative or Proxy Form (as the case may be). A copy of MyKad or passport and a 
valid email address are required.
Step 
(3)
Verification and email 
notification
For Individual Shareholders, Corporate Shareholders, Authorised Nominees/Exempt 
Authorised Nominees and Attorneys
a) An email notification will be sent by Boardroom to notify that your request for remote 
participation has been received for system verification. 
b) Upon verification against the General Meeting Record of Depositors, you will receive an 
email from Boardroom on the day prior to the 51st AGM, i.e. Sunday 19 May 2024 
either approving or rejecting your request for remote participation. 
On the day of the AGM
Step 
(4)
Login a) Login to https://investor.boardroomlimited.com with your registered email address and 
password.
b) Meeting platform will be made available at any time from 9.00 a.m. i.e. one hour before 
the commencement of the 51st AGM at 10.00 a.m. on 20 May 2024.
c) Click into ‘Meeting Event(s)’ and go to ‘ SIME DARBY PROPERTY BERHAD 51ST 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING’ and then click ‘Join Live Meeting’ to join the proceedings 
of the 51st AGM remotely.
Participate a) Please follow the user guides in BSIP to view the live webcast, submit questions and 
vote
b) To view the live webcast, select the broadcast icon  
c) To ask a question during the 51st AGM, select the messaging icon 
 Type your question in the chat box and click the send button to submit.
Vote a) Once voting has commenced, the polling icon  will appear with the resolutions and 
voting choices until such time that the Chairman declares an end to the voting season. 
b) To vote, select your voting preference from the options provided. A confirmation 
message will appear to indicate that your vote has been received. 
c) To change your vote, re-select your voting preference. 
d) If you wish to cancel your vote, please press ‘Cancel’.
End Upon declaration by the Chairman of the closure of the 51st AGM, the live webcast will end.
401Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 404 ----
5. Appointment of Proxy or Attorney 
Shareholders who appoint proxy or attorney or authorised representative to participate via RPEV facilities at the 51st AGM 
must ensure that the duly executed Proxy Form is deposited in a hard copy form or by electronic means to Boardroom not 
later than Saturday, 18 May 2024 at 10.00 a.m.
The appointment of a proxy may be made in a hardcopy form or by electronic means in the following manner:
i) In Hardcopy Form 
The Proxy Form or the Power of Attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed or a notarially certified copy 
of that power or authority, must be deposited at Poll Administrator’s office, Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd at 
11th Floor, Menara Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Professor Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul 
Ehsan, Malaysia.
ii) By Electronic Form
The Proxy Form can be electronically submitted via https://investor.boardroomlimited.com or by sending it via email to 
bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com
Kindly refer to the Procedures under item (4) above. 
Please ensure ALL the particulars as required in the Proxy Form are completed, signed and dated accordingly.
If a shareholder has submitted his/her Proxy Form prior to the 51st AGM and subsequently decides to appoint another person 
or wishes to participate in the virtual AGM by himself/herself, please revoke the appointment of proxy/proxies at least forty-
eight (48) hours before the 51st AGM. Please find the below step for revocation on eProxy form or physical Proxy Form:
eProxy Form
• Click ‘Meeting Event(s)’ and select the list of companies – ‘ SIME DARBY PROPERTY BERHAD 51ST ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING’ from the list of companies and click ‘ Enter’. 
• Go to ‘ PROXY’ and click on ‘ Submit Another eProxy Form’.
• Go to ‘ Submitted eProxy Form List’ and click ‘View’ for the eProxy form.
• Click ‘ Cancel/Revoke’ at the bottom of the eProxy form.
• Click ‘ Proceed’ to confirm.
Physical Proxy Form
Please write in to bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com to revoke the appointment of proxy/proxies.
Upon revocation, proxy/proxies appointed earlier will not be allowed to participate at the 51st AGM. In such event, 
shareholders should advise their proxy/proxies accordingly.
6. Corporate Representative 
For a corporate shareholder who has appointed a representative, please deposit the ORIGINAL Certificate of Appointment at 
the Poll Administrator’s office, Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd at 11th Floor, Menara Symphony, No. 5, Jalan Professor 
Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia not later than Saturday, 18 May 2024 at 
10.00 a.m.
The Certificate of Appointment should be executed in the following manner: 
i) If the corporate shareholder has a common seal, the Certificate of Appointment should be executed under the common 
seal in accordance with the constitution of the corporate shareholder.
402
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Administrative Details
for the Fifty-First Annual General Meeting of Sime Darby Property Berhad

---- Page 405 ----
ii) If the corporate shareholder does not have a common seal, the Certificate of Appointment should be affixed with the 
rubber stamp of the corporate member (if any) and executed by: 
a) at least two (2) authorised officers, of whom one shall be a director; or 
b) any director and/or authorised officers in accordance with the laws of the country under which the corporate 
shareholder is incorporated.
7.  Submission of Questions for the 51st AGM
The Board recognises that the 51st AGM is a valuable opportunity for the Board to engage with shareholders. In order to 
enhance the efficiency of the proceedings of the 51st AGM, shareholders may in advance, before the 51st AGM, submit 
questions to the Board of Directors as follows:
i) Prior to 51st AGM
Shareholders may submit questions in relation to the agenda items for the 51st AGM via Boardroom Smart investor 
Portal at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com not later than Saturday, 18 May 2024 at 10.00 a.m. Click ‘Submit 
Questions’ after selecting ‘SIME DARBY PROPERTY BERHAD 51ST ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING’ from ‘Meeting 
Event(s)’. The responses to these questions will be shared at the 51st AGM.
ii) During the meeting
During the 51st AGM live streaming, Members may also pose questions via real time submission of typed texts at BSIP.
The Messaging window facility will be opened concurrently with the Meeting Platform (i.e. one hour before the 51st 
AGM from 9.00 a.m. on Monday, 20 May 2024). The Board and Senior Management will be in attendance either at the 
Broadcast Venue or remotely to provide responses accordingly. 
8. Poll Voting 
The voting at the 51st AGM will be conducted by poll in accordance with Paragraph 8.29A of the Main Market Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Securities”). 
The Company has appointed Boardroom as Poll Administrator to conduct the poll by way of online voting. Kindly note that 
the online voting session will commence from the start of the 51st AGM at 10.00 a.m. until such time when the Chairman 
announces the end of the voting session. This is in line with the revised Guidance and FAQs on the Conduct of General 
Meetings for Listed Issuers issued by the Securities Commission Malaysia which states that members shall be allowed to cast 
their votes remotely and contemporaneously (live) during the proceeding of the general meeting. 
The Company has also appointed Coopers Professional Scrutineers Sdn Bhd as Independent Scrutineer to verify the poll results. 
The resolutions proposed at the 51st AGM and the results of the voting will be announced at the 51st AGM and subsequently 
via an announcement made by the Company through Bursa Securities at www.bursamalaysia.com.
9.  No recording or photography
No recording or photography of the 51st AGM is allowed without the prior written permission of the Company.
403Integrated Report 2023


---- Page 406 ----
10. Integrated Report and Other Documents
The following documents can be downloaded from the Company’s website www.simedarbyproperty.com: 
i) Integrated Report 2023 
ii) Sustainability Report 2023
iii) Corporate Governance Report 2023
iv) Notice of 51st AGM 
v) Proxy Form
vi) Administrative Details 
vii) Request Form
viii) Notice to Shareholders and Proxies under the PDPA 2010
The Integrated Report is also available on Bursa Securities website at www.bursamalaysia.com under Company’s announcements. 
In consideration of the environment, we have reduced substantially the number of printed copies of the Integrated Report 
2023, and we strongly encourage our shareholders to refer to the document available online. Nevertheless, in the event that 
you still require a hard copy, you may request by completing the Request Form and sending it to the Share Registrar, Tricor 
Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd (“Tricor”) at the address as stated in the Request Form. Alternatively, you may 
submit your request through online website of Tricor at https://tiih.online by selecting “Request for Annual Report/Circular” 
under the “Investor Services”. 
11. No gift(s) or food voucher(s)
There will be no distribution of gift(s) or food voucher(s) to shareholders/proxies who participated in the 51st AGM.
12. Enquiry 
If you have any enquiry prior to the 51st AGM or require technical assistance to participate in the virtual AGM, please contact  
the Poll Administrator, Boardroom during office hours from Monday to Friday (8.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m.) except public holiday: 
i) Tel No. : +603 – 7890 4700 (Helpdesk) 
ii) Fax No. : +603 – 7890 4670 
iii) Email : bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com
iv) Officer : Cik Nursyahirah binti Che Rahimi
If you have any enquiry in relation to the request of hardcopy of the Integrated Report, please contact the Company’s Share 
Registrar, Tricor during office hours from Monday to Friday (8.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m.) except public holiday: 
i) Tel No. : +603 – 2783 9299
ii) Fax No. : +603 – 2783 9222
iii) Email : is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com
iv) Officers : Mr. Allen Sii (+603 – 2783 9263 / Allen.Sii@my.tricorglobal.com)
    Puan Zakiah Wardi (+603 – 2783 9287 / Zakiah@my.tricorglobal.com)
    Cik Dina Qistina Zulkanain (+603 – 2783 9165 / Dina.Qistina@my.tricorglobal.com)
In the event that any new procedures, guidelines or measures may affect the administration of the 51st AGM as set out in 
this Administrative Details and requiring material change to the proceedings of the meeting, the Company will issue an 
announcement on the same accordingly. Kindly check the Company’s website or announcements for the latest updates on the 
status of the 51st AGM. You may also contact the above Officers for information. 
13. PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
By registering for the RPEV and/or submitting the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), you consent to 
Sime Darby Property Berhad processing your personal data in the manner stipulated in the Notice to Shareholders and Proxies 
under the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 as set out in https://www.simedarbyproperty.com/investor-relations/shareholders
and warrant that consent of the proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) whose personal data you have provided has also been 
obtained accordingly and that they have been informed of the privacy notice.
404
Overview of
Sime Darby 
Property
Value
Creation
Management
Discussion and 
Analysis
Sustainability
Statement
Leadership Governance Financial
Statements
Additional 
Information
Leadership 
Insights
Administrative Details
for the Fifty-First Annual General Meeting of Sime Darby Property Berhad

---- Page 407 ----
I/We 
(NRIC/Passport/Company No. ) of 
Tel. No.  being a member/members of SIME DARBY PROPERTY BERHAD hereby appoint
(NRIC/Passport No. )
of 
*and/or  (NRIC/Passport No. )
of 
**or failing him/her, the Chairman of the Meeting, as my/our proxy/proxy(ies) to attend and vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the 
Fifty-First Annual General Meeting (“51st AGM”) of Sime Darby Property Berhad (“Sime Darby Property” or “the Company”) to be 
held virtually via online meeting platform at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com and at the Ballroom 1, First Floor, Sime Darby 
Convention Centre, 1A, Jalan Bukit Kiara 1, 60000 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia as the Broadcast Venue on Monday, 20 May 2024 at 10.00 
a.m. and at any adjournment thereof for the following resolutions as set out in the Notice of 51st AGM:
NO. AGENDA
1 To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 together with the Reports of the 
Directors and the Auditors thereon
ORDINARY BUSINESS Resolution For Against
2 To re-elect Dato’ Seri Ahmad Johan Mohammad Raslan who retires in accordance 
with Rule 111 of the Constitution of the Company 
1
3 To re-elect Mohamed Ridza Mohamed Abdulla who retires in accordance with 
Rule 111 of the Constitution of the Company 
2
4 To re-elect Dr. Lisa Lim Poh Lin who retires in accordance with Rule 111 of the 
Constitution of the Company
3
5 To re-elect Nur Farahbi Shaari who retires in accordance with Rule 92.3 of the 
Constitution of the Company
4
6 To approve the payment of fees to the Non-Executive Directors for the period 
from 21 May 2024 until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company to be 
held in year 2025
5
7 To approve the payment of benefits payable to the Non-Executive Directors up 
to an amount of RM500,000 for the period from 21 May 2024 until the next 
Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in year 2025
6
8 To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT as Auditors of the Company for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2024 and to authorise the Directors to 
determine their remuneration
7
My/Our proxy is to vote on the resolutions as indicated by an “X” in the appropriate space above. If no indication is given, my /our 
proxy shall vote or abstain from voting as he/she thinks fit. 
SIME DARBY PROPERTY BERHAD 
Registration No. 197301002148 (15631-P)
(Incorporated in Malaysia) 
Number of ordinary 
shares held CDS Account No.
--
For appointment of two (2) proxies, percentage of 
shareholdings to be represented by the proxies must be 
indicated below:
Percentage (%)
First proxy
Second proxy
IMPORTANT: Disclosure of Shareholder’s and Proxy’s Personal Data
Please refer to the notice to Shareholders under the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (“Privacy Notice”) published on the Company’s 
website under the Shareholders & Dividend Info section at https://www.simedarbyproperty.com/investor-relations/shareholders 
concerning the Company’s collection of your personal data for the purpose of the Company’s General Meeting(s).
You hereby declare that you have read, understood and accepted the statements and terms contained in the Privacy Notice.
In disclosing the proxy’s personal data, you as a shareholder, warrant and undertake that the proxy(ies) has/have given his/her/their 
explicit consent for his/her/their personal data being disclosed to and processed by the Company in accordance with the notice to 
Proxies under the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 published on the Company’s website under the Shareholders & Dividend Info 
section at https://www.simedarbyproperty.com/investor-relations/shareholders. 
Dated this  day of  2024 
   Signature/Common Seal of Member(s)
* Please delete where inapplicable.
**  If you do not wish to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as your proxy/one of your proxies, please strike out the words “o r failing him/her, the 
Chairman of the Meeting” and insert the name(s) of the proxy(ies) you wish to appoint in the blank space(s) provided.
PROXY  
FORM
(FULL NAME OF SHAREHOLDER AS PER NRIC/PASSPORT/CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION IN CAPITAL LETTERS)
(FULL NAME OF PROXY AS PER NRIC/PASSPORT IN CAPITAL LETTERS)
(FULL NAME OF PROXY AS PER NRIC/PASSPORT IN CAPITAL LETTERS)
(ADDRESS)
(ADDRESS)
(ADDRESS)
(ADDRESS)
NOTES:
1. Registration for Remote Participation and Electronic Voting (“RPEV”) Facilities
1.1 The 51st AGM will be conducted on a virtual basis through live streaming and 
online remote voting via RPEV facilities at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com. 
Members can attend, participate and vote in the meeting remotely or online 
using the RPEV facilities. Please follow the procedures provided in the 
Administrative Details for the 51st AGM to register, participate and vote 
remotely via the RPEV facilities.
1.2 The Broadcast Venue of the 51st AGM is strictly for the purpose of 
complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 (“Act”) which 
requires the Chairman of the Meeting to be at the main venue of the 
meeting. No shareholder(s), proxy(ies), authorised representative(s) or 
attorney(s) will be physically present at the Broadcast venue on the day of 
the meeting. 
2. Submission of questions before and during the meeting
2.1 Members may submit questions in relation to the agenda items for the 51st 
AGM prior to the meeting via Boardroom Smart investor Portal (“BSIP”) at 
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com not later than Saturday, 18 May 
2024. The responses to these questions will be shared at the 51st AGM.
2.2 During the 51st AGM live streaming, Members may also pose questions via 
real time submission of typed texts at BSIP. The Messaging window facility 
will be opened concurrently with the Meeting Platform (i.e. one hour before 
the 51st AGM from 9.00 a.m. on Monday, 20 May 2024). The Board and 
Senior Management will be in attendance either at the Broadcast Venue or 
remotely to provide responses accordingly. 
3. Proxy
3.1 A Member entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting is entitled to appoint 
not more than two (2) proxies to exercise all or any of his/her rights to 
attend, participate, speak and vote at the Meeting on his/her behalf. Where 
a Member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be 
invalid unless he/she speciﬁes the proportion of his/her shareholdings to be 
represented by each proxy. A proxy may, but need not, be a Member of the 
Company.
3.2 A Member may appoint any person to be his/her proxy without any 
restriction as to the qualification of such person.
3.3 Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of 
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all resolutions set out in the Notice of the 
51st AGM of the Company shall be put to vote by way of a poll.
3.4 Where a Member of the Company is an Authorised Nominee as deﬁned 
under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 (“SICDA”), he/
she may appoint not more than two (2) proxies in respect of each Securities 
Account he/she holds with ordinary shares of the Company standing to the 
credit of the said Securities Account to attend and vote at a meeting of the 
Company instead of him/her.
3.5 Where a Member of the Company is an Exempt Authorised Nominee as 
defined under SICDA which holds ordinary shares in the Company for 
multiple beneﬁcial owners in one (1) Securities Account (Omnibus Account), 
there is no limit to the number of proxies which the Exempt Authorised 
Nominee may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds 
PROVIDED THAT each beneficial owner of ordinary shares, or where the 
ordinary shares are held on behalf of joint beneficial owners, such joint 
beneficial owners, shall only be entitled to instruct the Exempt Authorised 
Nominee to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote at a 
general meeting of the Company instead of the beneficial owner or joint 
beneficial owners.
3.6 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing signed by the 
appointor or his/her attorney duly authorised in writing or, if the appointor 
is a corporation, either under its common seal or under the hand of two (2) 
authorised officers, one of whom shall be a Director, or of its attorney duly 
authorised. Any alteration to the instrument appointing a proxy must be 
initialled.
3.7 The appointment of proxy may be made in a hardcopy form or by electronic 
means as follows:
(i) In Hardcopy Form
The Proxy Form or the Power of Attorney or other authority, if any, 
under which it is signed or a notarially certified copy of that power or 
authority, must be deposited at the Poll Administrator’s office, 
Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd at 11th Floor, Menara Symphony, 
No. 5, Jalan Professor Khoo Kay Kim, Seksyen 13, 46200 Petaling Jaya, 
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia not less than 48 hours before the time 
for holding this AGM or no later than 18 May 2024 at 10.00 a.m.
(ii) By Electronic Form
The Proxy Form can be electronically submitted via   
https://investor.boardroomlimited.com or by sending it via email to  
bsr.helpdesk@boardroomlimited.com (Kindly refer to the Administrative 
Details).
3.8 Only Members registered in the Record of Depositors as at 10 May 2024 
shall be entitled to attend, speak and vote at the 51st AGM or appoint a 
proxy(ies) to attend and vote on their behalf.

---- Page 408 ----
Fold Here
Fold Here
THE POLL ADMINISTRATOR
SIME DARBY PROPERTY BERHAD 
Registration No. 197301002148 (15631-P)
c/o Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd 
11th Floor, Menara Symphony
No. 5, Jalan Professor Khoo Kay Kim 
Seksyen 13
46200 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Malaysia
AFFIX  
POSTAGE 
STAMP

---- Page 409 ----
SIME DARBY PROPERTY BERHAD
REGISTRATION NO. 197301002148 (15631-P)
Level 10, Block G, No. 2, Jalan PJU 1A/7A, Ara Damansara
PJU 1A, 47301 Petaling Jaya, Selangor
Tel: 03-7849 5000
www.simedarbyproperty.com
This Report is printed on environmental friendly paper