---- Page 1 ----
SIME DARBY BERHAD  Company No. 200601032645 (752404-U)ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SIME DARBY BERHAD
Company No. 200601032645 (752404-U)
Level 9, Menara Sime Darby, Oasis Corporate Park
Jalan PJU 1A/2, Ara Damansara, 47301 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
Phone: (603) 7623 2000    Fax: (603) 7623 2100
www.simedarby.com
ANNUAL  
REPORT  
2024
DRIVEN BY
ACCELERATING FORWARD
GROWTH

---- Page 2 ----
NAVIGATION ICONS
REPORTING PHILOSOPHY AND PRINCIPLES
This report provides a detailed account of the Group’s performance, initiatives and outcomes. It outlines our advancements 
towards achieving our objectives and shares insights into our strategies, operations and sustainable practices. Furthermore, it 
also serves as the primary communication tool to ensure our stakeholders are equipped with the necessary information for an 
informed evaluation of our performance.
SCOPE OF REPORTING AND BOUNDARIES
This SDAR covers the performance of Sime Darby’s value-creating activities during the period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024 
and for material events up to 26 September 2024. The financial and non-financial data from our subsidiaries are fully 
consolidated, unless specified otherwise. Our reporting boundaries include the following considerations:
Internal impact:   Impact from all operations and entities managed by Sime Darby.
External impact:  Impact in situations where we do not own the assets or directly engage or employ workers or where we 
operate the assets under a contractual obligation.
Our materiality assessment provides information on the range of development, impact and data that holds high influence over 
our business operations. In the context of this report, the term “net profit” refers to “net profit attributable to owners of the 
Company”.
We encourage the SDAR to be read with the information available on our website https://www.simedarby.com for a 
comprehensive overview of the Group.
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) adopted
 Our Capitals Financial Human
Manufactured Social & 
Relationship
Intellectual Natural
 Stakeholders Employees Investors/
Shareholders
Customers Government and 
Regulators
Media Community
Suppliers
 Key Risks 1 Market Dynamics 6 Health, Safety and 
Environment (HSE)
2 Business Partners 7 Cybersecurity
3 Disruption 8 ESG – Climate 
Change
4 Mergers and 
Acquisitions9 People and Culture
5 Product and Service 
Delivery10 Regulatory 
Compliance
 Strategy Pillars
Operational 
Excellence
Growing the 
Core
 Future Ready
Welcome to Sime Darby Berhad’s 
Annual Report (SDAR) FY2024. It 
provides an overview of both the 
financial and non-financial performance 
of Sime Darby Berhad (Sime Darby) and 
serves as a means to communicate our 
key development highlights, challenges 
faced, strategies formulated and 
solutions implemented during this 
financial year to our stakeholders.
AR
Annual Report 2024
Annual Report 2024
Sime Darby Berhad
ABOUT OUR REPORT

---- Page 3 ----
Additional information about Sime Darby on our corporate 
website is accessible via the above QR Code.
REPORTING FRAMEWORKS AND GUIDELINES
We continuously adhere to and comply with various 
international frameworks and guidelines to guide us during 
our reporting progress.
• Integrated Reporting Framework (<IR>) 
• Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021 (MCCG 
2021)
• Main Market Listing Requirements (MMLR) of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad
• Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards (MFRS)
• International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
Throughout this report, we are guided by the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards and United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs).
Following the recent developments in global disclosures and 
the disbandment of the Task Force for Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD), we plan to adopt the 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) S1 and S2 
which fully incorporate the recommendations of TCFD.
INDEPENDENT AUDIT
Our financial statements are independently audited and 
prepared in compliance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting 
Standards (MFRS).
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT
The SDAR contains certain forward-looking statements about 
the Group’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and organisational performance. These projections, 
based on current assumptions, involve inherent uncertainties 
and should not be viewed as guarantees of future results. 
Actual outcomes or developments may differ materially from 
those expressed. As such, updating these forward-looking 
statements or the historical data presented in the SDAR is not 
required.
HOW WE CAN FURTHER IMPROVE
We strive to maintain fair and transparent engagement with 
all our stakeholders, as their values and feedback can 
significantly enhance Sime Darby’s reporting method and 
content. Please contact our Investor Relations team if you 
have any comments and feedback.
 (603) 7623 2000
 investor.relations@simedarby.com
CROSS REFERENCES
 Material Matters
Theme 1: Optimising Our Environmental and Social Footprint
1 Climate Change (Including Financial 
Risk & Opportunities) 5 Labour Practices
2 Energy and Emissions Management 
(Including Renewable Energy)6 Health and Safety
3 Water Management 7 Diversity
4 Waste and Effluent Management
Theme 2: Inspiring Our Employees to Deliver Meaningful Change
1 ESG Oversight, Measurement and 
Reporting 3 Community Contributions 
and Development
2 Employee Training and Development
Theme 3: Engaging in Sustainable Partnerships
1 Customer Satisfaction
2 Business Continuity
3 Business Ethics and Compliance  
(Including Anti-Bribery/Corruption)
4 Responsible Supply Chain
Theme 4: Driving Sustainable Innovation and Technology
1 Sustainable Product 
Offering 3 Data Privacy and 
Security
2 Technology and 
Innovation
PG. 01


---- Page 4 ----
About Our Report •
Key Messages
Chairman’s Statement 04
From the Desk of the Group Chief Executive Officer  08
Group Chief Financial Officer’s Review 12
Overview of Sime Darby Berhad
Purpose | Vision | Mission | Core Values 16
Who We Are: Brief Profile of Sime Darby  17
Our Presence 17
What We Do: Core Business Segments  18
Our Investment Case
– Our Competitive Advantage  20
– Sustainability Highlights 20
– Financial Highlights 21
– Our Achievements 22
How We Are Structured  23
Value Creation @ Sime Darby
Our Value Creation Business Model 24
Stakeholder Engagement and Value Creation 26
Management Discussion & Analysis
A. Strategic Review
Material Matters 32
Business Environment
– Global Economic Industry Review & Outlook  34
– Key Market Trends  36
Enterprise Risk Management 41
Our 5-Year Strategy Masterplan 47
B. Performance Review
5-Year Financial Highlights 50
Statement of Value Added  52
Quarterly Performance 53
Financial Calendar 54
Investor Relations 55
C. Business Review
Industrial Division 58
Motors Division 61
UMW Division 64Scan this QR code for a direct link to  
our Annual Report online
www.simedarby.com
What’s 
Inside 
This 
Report
Annual Report 2024
PG. 02
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 5 ----
Creating Sustainable Value
Our Sustainability Blueprint Journey 68
Committed to Delivering a Sustainable Future  70
Sustainability Governance 72
Optimising Our Environmental and Social Footprint  74
Inspiring Our Employees to Deliver Meaningful Change  81
Engaging in Sustainable Partnerships 84
Driving Sustainable Innovation and Technology 88
ESG Data 91
Leadership
Corporate Information 93
Board at a Glance  94
Board of Directors 94
Executive Leadership 102
Governance
Corporate Governance Overview Statement
– Leadership & Effectiveness 104
– Effective Audit & Risk Management  116
– Integrity in Corporate Reporting and  
Meaningful Relationships with Stakeholders 117
Nomination & Remuneration Committee Report 118
Governance & Audit Committee Report  126
Risk Management & Sustainability Committee Report  131
Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control  137
Additional Compliance Information 144
Statement of Responsibility by the Board of Directors  147
Financial Statements
Directors’ Report 149
Statement by Directors 153
Statutory Declaration 153
Independent Auditors’ Report 154
Statements of Profit or Loss  160
Statements of Comprehensive Income 161
Statements of Financial Position 162
Statements of Changes in Equity  164
Statements of Cash Flows  167
Notes to the Financial Statements  171
Appendices
Analysis of Shareholdings 287
Properties of the Group  290
Notice of Annual General Meeting  297
Statement Accompanying Notice of  
Annual General Meeting 303
Form of Proxy  •
pg. 58
pg. 64
pg. 61
pg. 66
PG. 03


---- Page 6 ----
Dear Valued Shareholders,
I am pleased to present the Sime Darby Berhad Annual Report for FY2024. At the start of the year, 
we embarked on a new 5-Year Strategy Master Plan which anchors on reinforcing our core 
businesses in Motors and Industrial.
It has been a busy year of transformation for us as we press on with the execution of our strategy. We successfully divested our 
healthcare business, Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care (RSDH), which we had identified to be non-core. This has allowed us to 
direct our resources towards our core businesses, which included during the year, our acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad 
(UMW) and Cavpower Pty Ltd.
We are excited about our future together with our new partners and we warmly welcome new colleagues to the Group. 
FY2024 IN REVIEW
FY2024 was a challenging year, in some markets more than others. Despite many obstacles, I saw how my colleagues in Sime 
Darby remained resilient and committed to delivering value to our stakeholders, which I believe has helped us deliver a strong 
set of results in FY2024.
Additionally, the diversity of our geographical spread allowed us to rely more on the performing markets. This year in China, 
overcapacity in the automotive market led to industry-wide aggressive discounting which impacted our margins. On the other 
hand, our Industrial business in Australia and our Motors operations in Malaysia and Singapore, as well as our new acquisitions 
Onsite and UMW have all delivered solid results.
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
Tan Sri Samsudin Osman
Chairman
Annual Report 2024
PG. 04
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 7 ----
Net Profit
RM3.3 
billion
Dividend Payout 
RM886 
million
Dividend
13 sen
Per Share
The acquisition of UMW 
adds Toyota and Perodua  
to our portfolio, 
complementing our existing 
partnerships with BMW, 
Porsche, Caterpillar (CAT) 
and many others, providing 
a more balanced revenue 
distribution across our key 
markets, Malaysia, Australia 
and China.
The acquisition of UMW adds Toyota and Perodua to our portfolio, 
complementing our existing partnerships with BMW, Porsche, 
Caterpillar (CAT) and many others, providing a balanced profit 
distribution across our key markets, Malaysia, Australia and China.
Our strong relationships with our original equipment manufacturers 
(OEMs) have also enabled us to grow our business in FY2024 with 
greenfield BMW dealerships established in China and the expansion 
of Porsche’s facility at Inokom. Similarly, our long-standing 
partnership with CAT was key in the expansion of our heavy 
equipment operations into South Australia through the acquisition 
of Cavpower.
UPHOLDING THE BOARD’S ROLE WITH EFFECTIVE 
GOVERNANCE
Sime Darby’s strong leadership has been key in navigating this 
period of change and remains critical to our future success. 
Supported by a solid governance framework, the collective effort 
of the Board and Management has ensured clarity in roles and 
responsibilities across the organisation.
In FY2024, we developed a new Conflict of Interest (COI) Guidelines 
for Directors and key senior leaders, aligning with Bursa Malaysia’s 
recent amendments to the Main Market Listing Requirements. 
These guidelines were also validated by international legal advisors 
for compliance in our overseas markets.
UMW Aerospace Sdn Bhd made its mark in the aviation industry when it became 
Malaysia’s first homegrown Tier-1 aero-engine component supplier to Rolls-Royce in 
the Asia Pacific region.
PG. 05


---- Page 8 ----
The Board has been instrumental in driving sustainability, 
fostering a culture of accountability and continuous 
improvement through the Risk Management & Sustainability 
Committee (RMSC). In addition to driving sustainability, the 
Board’s deliberations in FY2024 included strategic decisions 
such as the acquisition of UMW and Cavpower, as well as the 
divestment of RSDH. During the year, we prioritised data 
privacy and security, working to implement stronger data 
governance frameworks in line with global regulations.
In recognition of the importance of diverse expertise in 
leadership, we welcomed Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti 
Hamisah Tapsir as an Independent Non-Executive Director to 
our Board. With Professor Datuk Dr. Siti Hamisah’s storied 
career as an educator and the Secretary General of Ministry of 
Science, Technology and Innovation (MOSTI), her expertise is a 
valuable addition to our Board.
PRIORITISING OUR STAKEHOLDERS AND CREATING VALUE
Delivering value to our stakeholders is central to our success. 
Regular engagements with key stakeholders allow us to 
understand their needs and incorporate their perspectives in 
our decision-making.
We remain committed to delivering robust returns for our 
shareholders and investors. For FY2024, we declared a dividend 
payout of 13 sen per share, amounting to RM886 million. We 
have maintained the same dividend quantum as FY2023 at 
13  sen per share as proceeds from the disposals of RSDH and 
Malaysia Vision Valley land had been largely used to partly 
finance the UMW acquisition. Nevertheless, our Total 
Shareholder Return (TSR) for the year was 35%, outperforming 
the Kuala Lumpur Composite Index (KLCI)’s TSR of 21%. Our 
share price increased from RM2.05 per share at the start of the 
financial year to RM2.62 per share on 28 June 2024.
 Through Yayasan Sime 
Darby, our philanthropic arm, we 
contributed RM30 million in 
FY2024 to support scholarships 
and grants for education, sports, 
culture and the environment. 
In FY2024, the Industrial Division achieved another year of positive financial results, with revenue and profit before interest and tax (PBIT) surpassing the results 
in FY2023.
Our vision lies in delivering sustainable value to all stakeholders. We are 
constantly monitoring developments in the market and evaluating strategic 
opportunities that could potentially enhance shareholder value.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 06
Sime Darby Berhad
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

---- Page 9 ----
Communities form the broader context within which we 
operate and we remain dedicated to empowering members of 
our local communities. Through Yayasan Sime Darby, our 
philanthropic arm, we contributed RM30 million in FY2024 to 
support scholarships and grants for education, sports, culture 
and the environment. Outside of Malaysia, our businesses are 
actively engaged in corporate social responsibility (CSR) 
projects, supporting local communities in their respective 
areas of operations. These initiatives encompass a broad 
spectrum, including education, health, sports and community 
welfare, demonstrating our commitment to fostering 
sustainable development and positive social impact where we 
operate.
For more details on our community efforts, please refer to 
the Creating Sustainable Value section on page 83 of this 
report.
INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY IN EVERYTHING WE DO
Our sustainability journey is a constant work in progress as 
we embed sustainable practices across our businesses. The 
Group’s Sustainability Blueprint, now in its fourth year, has 
driven tangible progress across our operations.
We have strengthened our governance framework, 
incorporated recommendations from the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and established 
local ESG Councils which comprises senior executives tasked 
to integrate ESG principles into their respective business 
units and align their operations with our Flagship Initiatives* 
to deliver results.
In line with Malaysian Accounting Standards Board’s (MASB) 
adoption of the International Sustainability Standards Board 
(ISSB)’s requirements and Malaysia’s National Energy 
Transition Roadmap, the Board has endorsed Sime Darby 
Berhad’s Net Zero commitment with a target to achieve net 
zero emissions across our portfolio by 2050.
Our commitment reinforces the importance of climate change 
and the push for Malaysia to become a net zero greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions nation by 2050. It aims to accelerate the 
progress that has been accomplished through our 
Sustainability Blueprint thus far. Using guidelines set by 
Bursa Malaysia, we will align our roadmap to net zero with 
rigorous international standards.
As we move forward, our goal remains to lead by example, 
continuously adapting and enhancing our sustainability 
efforts to create long-term value for our stakeholders.
THE YEAR AHEAD
Looking ahead to FY2025, our outlook remains cautiously 
optimistic. While we anticipate economic fluctuations in 
some of our markets, we are confident that our strategic 
vision, resilient infrastructure and dedication to excellence 
will sustain our momentum. Our focus will be on enhancing 
the Group’s Return on Equity (ROE), reducing debt, prioritising 
integration for our new acquisitions and strengthening our 
partnership with Toyota and Daihatsu Japan.
On behalf of the Board, I extend my profound appreciation to 
all our stakeholders for their support of Sime Darby. We are 
grateful to our shareholders for your steadfast commitment, 
our principals for their confidence, our customers for their 
trust and our employees for their dedication and hard work. 
As we continue to serve you, we remain devoted to fulfilling 
our vision of becoming the leading Motors and Industrial 
player in the Asia Pacific region.
Tan Sri Samsudin Osman
Chairman
* Our Flagship Initiatives outline the efforts we put in to achieve the goals 
set in our Sustainability Blueprint.
  The Board has endorsed 
Sime Darby Berhad’s Net Zero 
commitment with a target to achieve 
net zero emissions across our 
portfolio by 2050. 
PG. 07


---- Page 10 ----
FROM THE DESK OF THE
GROUP CHIEF
EXECUTIVE  
OFFICER
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson
Group Chief Executive Officer
Net profits of  
RM3.3
billion
Core net profit increased 
by 14% to 
RM1.3
billion
Revenue rose by 39% to
RM67.1 
billion
 We successfully 
concluded the acquisition 
and privatisation of UMW 
Holdings. This was a 
strategic move to further 
scale up and strengthen 
our presence in the 
Malaysian automotive 
sector, adding two 
absolutely iconic brands 
into our Malaysian 
portfolio – Toyota and 
Perodua.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 08
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 11 ----
Q How would you describe the business landscape for Sime Darby Berhad in FY2024?
And what is the outlook for FY2025?
A FY2024 was an interesting year in the sense that some parts of our operations performed very strongly whilst 
others, especially in China, struggled with profitability.
Industrial Australia performed well on the back of robust commodity prices and the resultant increase in mining 
activity. In Malaysia, the Group benefitted from record automotive industry sales volume, especially with our 
increased market presence following the acquisition of UMW. Our Motors China operations however, were 
severely affected by the extremely competitive market conditions.
On a more macro level, global economic growth forecasts have been revised upwards, driven by moderating 
inflation, easing monetary policies and a rebound in global trade. On the other hand, there remains concerns 
around geopolitics and trade tension which continue to create uncertainty for the growth prospects of global and 
regional economies.
FY2025 is expected to see a similar trend. Mining activity in Australia should remain relatively robust, but trading 
conditions in China will likely remain tough. Although demand for motor vehicles should remain relatively 
resilient, the heavy discounting will only ease once the supply situation is normalised. And with the trade barriers 
being erected against Chinese OEMs in US and Europe, Chinese automakers will focus on other markets, 
including the Asia Pacific region.
Q Although Sime Darby Berhad had a tough year, you still managed to deliver record numbers.
How did you do it?
A We reported net profits of RM3.3 billion. What is encouraging is that core net profit increased by 14% to RM1.3 
billion despite the very challenging situation in China. Revenue rose by 39% to RM67.1 billion.
So, what were the major factors that drove these good results?
Firstly, of course, we did have a one-off gain of RM2 billion from the RSDH sale.
Secondly, our Industrial Australia operations performed very strongly. Mining activity has remained robust. New 
order deliveries to our mining customers for mine expansion and re-fleets, and more importantly, demand for our 
repair and maintenance service have contributed to these strong results. We have also benefitted from a full year 
of profits from our newly acquired rental services, Onsite, which has performed above expectations.
Thirdly, our Motors operations in our Southeast Asia markets, especially Malaysia, performed well on the back 
of strong demand. Malaysia’s Total Industry Volume, or TIV, was close to 800,000 units in 2023. This momentum 
has continued into the first half of 2024. This has contributed to the strong performance across our Motors 
operations in Malaysia including the newly acquired marques, Toyota and Perodua.
Our main challenge was in China, where market conditions have been very challenging.
Q The Group is clearly struggling with profitability in China. What is happening there?
A Yes, Sime Darby has significant presence both in automotive and Caterpillar dealerships in China. The Group has 
been immensely successful and has enjoyed substantial growth and profitability over the many years.
However, the past two years have been difficult. Although, the economic situation in China remains challenging, 
market demand for cars has actually been surprisingly resilient. The problem in the automotive industry in China 
is supply. In simple terms, both Chinese and global OEMs are producing too many cars and this has led to brutal 
discounting driving car prices and margin downwards.
The industrial equipment industry is slightly different. The economic situation and the property overhang have 
resulted in much less infrastructure development and construction projects and a consequent reduction in the 
heavy equipment market size.
However, China remains the world’s largest consumer market. We remain long-term bullish on its growth 
prospects, though we expect conditions to remain difficult in the next year.
PG. 09


---- Page 12 ----
 Whilst there may 
some “ups and downs”, 
the long-term outlook for 
our Industrial Australia 
businesses is extremely 
positive.
Q On the flip side, Sime Darby’s Industrial Australia business 
has been the Group’s strongest performer in FY2024. Can 
shareholders expect this trend to continue?
A We have two significant operations in Australia. We have the 
Caterpillar dealerships in Queensland, Northern Territory and 
South Australia, which largely supplies equipment and 
provides after-sales support to the mining industry. In 
addition, our newly acquired subsidiary Onsite, which is the 
second largest B2B rental service company in Australia, 
supplies various equipment into the mining, energy and 
infrastructure development markets throughout Australia.
We are long-term positive on the mining industry in Australia. 
Australia is blessed with high quality iron ore, copper and 
both metallurgical and thermal coal deposits, which are very 
much sought after, especially for the steel and energy 
industries. Additionally, as the world transitions towards 
renewable energy, we will see growing demand for copper 
and “new” minerals such as lithium, nickel and cobalt.
We therefore believe that, whilst there may some “ups and 
downs” in some years, the long-term outlook for our Industrial 
Australia businesses is extremely positive.
Q Sime Darby has had a very busy year with a number of 
acquisitions and divestments. Can you share the strategy 
behind these moves?
A We were very busy on the M&A front this year, successfully 
completing three major projects.
Firstly, we successfully divested our hospitals in December 
2023. The rationale for the sale of our hospitals is very 
simple. Following the demerger in 2017, we had made the 
conscious decision for Sime Darby to focus on our core 
businesses of industrial equipment and automotive trading. 
Our hospitals are not core. Over the past five years, there has 
been a planned programme of divestment of our non-core 
operations like our ports in Shandong and our investments in 
Tesco and E&O.
Secondly, we acquired Cavpower, which is the Caterpillar 
dealership in South Australia. We were particularly pleased 
with the acquisition as Cavpower allows the Group to tap into 
the future opportunities in South Australia which has around 
70% of Australia’s copper deposits. It was also pleasing in the 
sense that Caterpillar considers Sime Darby a “top tier” 
dealer and thus allowing us the opportunity to further 
expand its dealership network.
Last but not least, we successfully concluded the acquisition 
and privatisation of UMW Holdings. This was a strategic 
move to further scale up and strengthen our presence in the 
Malaysian automotive sector, adding two absolutely iconic 
brands into our Malaysian portfolio – Toyota and Perodua.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 10
Sime Darby Berhad
FROM THE DESK OF THE GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

---- Page 13 ----
 Sime Darby is 
committed to 
achieving net zero 
carbon emissions by 
2050, with a 30% 
reduction target by 
2030.
Q Malaysia was the largest contributor to Motors Division’s profits this financial year. UMW’s results has 
helped with this. Do you think Malaysia’s TIV will continue to remain robust?
A Our Motors Malaysia operations performed exceptionally well in FY2024 with significant contributions 
particularly from BMW, Ford, Porsche and our assembly operations. We also benefitted from the profits 
generated from the Toyota and Perodua businesses.
With a resilient domestic economy and a relatively stable political environment, the country’s TIV grew 
to almost 800,000 units in 2023. The Malaysian Automotive Association’s (MAA) TIV forecast for 2024 is 
765,000 units, a little lower than last year, but nevertheless still strong. The MAA expects that the mass 
market segment will be dominated by the national brands, which is expected to account for approximately 
62% of total passenger vehicle market share. This bodes very well for Perodua.
Q You explained Sime Darby’s Sustainability Blueprint in last year’s Annual Report and steps taken by  
Sime Darby to reduce CO 2 emissions. Are there any updates?
A Sime Darby has committed to achieve net zero carbon emissions 
by 2050. As a leading player in the industrial and automotive 
sectors in the Asia Pacific region, our commitment reinforces 
the importance of climate change and the push for Malaysia to 
become a net zero greenhouse gas emissions nation by 2050.
The Group’s more immediate goal is to achieve a 30% reduction 
in CO2 emissions by 2030 – from a 2020 base. There has been 
a tremendous amount of management focus to ensure we meet 
these targets. These efforts are overseen by the Board and the 
Risk Management & Sustainability Committee.
The first step, completed a few years ago, was to develop a 
robust tracking mechanism to ensure that accurate data is 
collected from our many locations. We then developed a
comprehensive CO 2 reduction plan and identified opportunities for reduction around our operations. 
These have largely centred around solar projects in Australia, China and Malaysia but have also included 
the successful introduction of re-fleeting of company vehicles in New Zealand to electric vehicles. Other 
initiatives include the purchase of “green energy”, more localised efforts of upgrading and enhancing 
asset efficiency and the introduction of awareness programmes through the establishment of dedicated 
programme management ESG function at each operation.
With the growth that we have experienced over the past few years, including recent acquisitions, we 
have had to re-set our CO 2 emissions baseline from 96,000 tonnes to 160,000 tonnes, and revised our 
2030 target to 112,000 tonnes.
So, there has been a tremendous amount of effort and investment in this area to ensure that Sime Darby 
meets its commitments.
Q There was an incident at one of Sime Darby’s operations during the year resulting in fatalities. What 
measures are Sime Darby putting in place to prevent a recurrence?
A We are deeply saddened by the loss of two lives in an incident at our Inokom plant. Two long serving 
and experienced employees succumbed to their injuries following the event. This is a tragic event that 
weighs heavily on us.
Sime Darby conducted a thorough internal investigation and worked closely with the authorities to 
determine the cause. We have proactively commenced a review on the conditions that may have 
contributed to this event across all Sime Darby operations to further strengthen our processes and 
procedures to manage the hazards and risks in our workplace.
Our highest priority is the safety of our people, and we are committed to enhancing our safety culture 
and practices to ensure our people return home safely each day.
PG. 11


---- Page 14 ----
GROUP  
CHIEF  
FINANCIAL  
OFFICER’S
REVIEW
Muhammad Noor Abd Aziz @ Hashim
Group Chief Financial Officer
Dear Stakeholders,
The Group reported another post-demerger record net profit in FY2024, registering RM3,306 
million, 127% higher than the RM1,458 million recorded in FY2023. This was mainly due to the 
RM2.0 billion gain on disposal of Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care (RSDH). The Group also 
recorded its highest core net profit post demerger in FY2024 at RM1,316 million, 14% higher 
than the RM1,154 million recorded in FY2023. This was mainly due to profit contribution from 
the newly acquired UMW Division and higher profit from Industrial Australasia (partly from the 
Onsite and Cavpower acquisitions) as well as Motors Malaysia.
In terms of returns, the Group’s return on average shareholders’ equity (ROE), calculated using quarterly average 
shareholders’ equity, increased from 9.1% in FY2023 to 18.1% in FY2024, largely due to the gain on disposal of RSDH as 
mentioned above. Core ROE however, was flat at 7.2% due to the higher average shareholders’ equity in FY2024 despite 
the higher core net profit.
The Group’s overall strong results in FY2024 underscore our resilience in the face of challenging business conditions.
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
Revenue
Revenue from continuing operations increased by 39% from RM48.3 billion in FY2023 to RM67.1 billion in FY2024.
The Industrial Division recorded a 23% growth in revenue for FY2024, reaching RM20.5 billion compared to RM16.7 billion 
in FY2023. This growth was mainly driven by our Australasian operations, which registered increased equipment and parts 
revenues. Acquisitions also contributed significantly, with the full year revenue contribution from Onsite at RM1.1 billion 
(FY2023 – RM0.3 billion) as well as revenue contribution from Cavpower at RM0.7 billion.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 12
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 15 ----
20
40
60
80
100
90
70
50
30
10
RM billion
0
67.1
48.3
20242023
Motors Division also recorded higher revenue, with an 18% 
increase to RM37.2 billion from RM31.6 billion in FY2023. 
Revenue increase was registered across most major markets, 
especially in Malaysia and Singapore.
UMW Division contributed revenue from continuing operations 
of RM9.4 billion, mainly from the automotive business.
In terms of geographical segments, approximately 71% of the 
Group’s revenue is from overseas operations, mainly from China 
(26%) and Australasia (33%). This has reduced from over 80% 
recorded since the demerger with the UMW acquisition 
significantly increasing percentage of revenue from Malaysia 
(from 16% in FY2023 to 29% in FY2024).
Profit Before Interest and Tax (PBIT)
Group profit before interest and tax (PBIT) from continuing 
operations increased by 32% from RM2,084 million in FY2023 to 
RM2,758 million in FY2024.
The Industrial Division’s PBIT grew by 40% to RM1,467 million 
from RM1,051 million in FY2023, on the back of the division’s 
strong performance in Australasia and contribution from recently 
acquired Onsite and Cavpower. PBIT from Australasia increased 
40% from RM910 million in FY2023 to RM1,275 million in 
FY2024. Profit contribution from Onsite (acquired in April 2023) 
was RM189 million, while Cavpower (acquired in November 2023) 
contributed RM53 million (excluding associates and acquisition 
costs), both after acquisition accounting related adjustments.
PBIT for the Motors Division declined from RM1,052 million in 
FY2023 to RM584 million in FY2024. The FY2024 results include 
provisions and impairments of RM229 million while the FY2023 
results include a RM179 million gain from the disposal of 
properties in Hong Kong. The impairments and provisions in 
FY2024 include those for closure of operations and impairment 
of goodwill. Excluding these items, PBIT declined by 7%. This 
decline was primarily due to challenging market conditions in 
China, which recorded a LBIT (excluding impairments and 
provisions) of RM123 million compared to PBIT of RM124 million 
in FY2023. However, this decline was partially offset by strong 
performances in Malaysia and Singapore. PBIT (excluding 
impairments and provisions) from the Malaysia operation 
increased from RM455 million in FY2023 to RM613 million in 
FY2024 while PBIT (excluding impairments and provisions) for 
Southeast Asia excluding Malaysia increased from RM74 million 
to RM140 million.
UMW contributed PBIT from continuing operations of RM480 
million for the slightly over six months post-acquisition period. 
This was primarily contributed by its automotive segment and is 
after adjustments for acquisition accounting related adjustments.
REVENUE from 
continuing operations 
increased by
39%
REVENUE CONTRIBUTION BY DIVISION
Industrial Division
23% RM20.5 billion
FY2023: RM16.7 billion
Motors Division
18% RM37.2 billion
FY2023: RM31.6 billion
UMW Division
RM9.4 billion
PG. 13


---- Page 16 ----
Group profit before interest 
and tax (PBIT) from continuing 
operations increased by 
32%
from RM2,084 million in 
FY2023 to RM2,758 million in 
FY2024.
The Industrial Division’s PBIT 
grew by 40% to 
RM1,467 
million from 
RM1,051 million in FY2023, on 
the back of the division’s 
strong performance in 
Australasia and contribution 
from Onsite and Cavpower.
PBIT for the Motors Division 
declined from RM1,052 million 
in FY2023 to 
RM584 
million
in FY2024.
The LBIT recorded by the China operations and PBIT following 
the acquisition of UMW (where the profit is largely contributed 
by Malaysian operations) have significantly changed the 
geographical breakdown of the Group’s PBIT by region. In 
FY2024, about 55% of the PBIT from continuing operations is 
from overseas operations and 45% from Malaysia, compared to 
82% and 18% respectively in FY2023.
Finance Income and Costs
Finance income from continuing operations increased from RM70 
million to RM142 million, mainly due to consolidation of the 
interest income of UMW, higher average cash balances and 
higher average interest rates. Cash balances were high during the 
first half of FY2024 mainly due to proceeds from disposal of 
RSDH and Malaysia Vision Valley (MVV) land but it has reduced 
by 30 June 2024 after utilisation to partly fund the UMW 
acquisition and repayment of borrowings.
Finance costs also increased from RM333 million to RM719 
million in FY2024 mainly due to higher average debt (borrowings 
and leases). The Group’s borrowings increased significantly due 
to the borrowings raised for the UMW, Cavpower and Onsite 
acquisitions and consolidation of UMW’s debt. Weighted 
average cost of borrowings was slightly lower at 5.0% as at 30 
June 2024 against 5.1% as at 30 June 2023, mainly due to the 
higher proportion of lower interest rate borrowings in Malaysia 
as at 30 June 2024. The borrowings raised for the major 
acquisitions remain on floating rates based on the assessment of 
prevailing market conditions and cost considerations. This 
position would be reassessed periodically.
Taxation
The Group recorded a higher tax expense from continuing 
operations of RM698 million in FY2024 compared to RM484 
million in FY2023 mainly due to higher profit before tax from 
continuing operations and higher effective tax rate. The effective 
tax rate for FY2024 (excluding share of results of associates and 
joint ventures) was 36.3% compared to the applicable tax rate of 
25.7%. This variance was mainly due to the impact of provision 
for deferred tax liability on unremitted earnings and change in 
tax legislation in New Zealand (collectively RM102 million) and 
higher non-deductible expenses (e.g. interest cost on borrowings 
raised for the UMW acquisition and acquisition expenses). These 
effects were partly offset by non-taxable dividend income and 
lower tax on the gain on disposal of MVV land.
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
The Group’s total assets increased from RM37.0 billion as at 
30  June 2023 to RM51.8 billion as at 30 June 2024 mainly due to 
consolidation of assets from the UMW and Cavpower acquisitions, 
capital expenditure by operating units (including rental fleet 
additions) and higher working capital during the financial year.
Total debt increased from RM8.5 billion as at 30 June 2023 to 
RM13.2 billion as at 30 June 2024, mainly due to borrowings 
raised for the UMW and Cavpower acquisitions of approximately 
RM4.5 billion and consolidation of debt of UMW (RM1.6 billion 
as at acquisition date).
Annual Report 2024
PG. 14
Sime Darby Berhad
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER’S REVIEW

---- Page 17 ----
Debt/equity ratio increased from 48.9% as at 30 June 2023 to 
56.6% as at 30 June 2024, while the debt-adjusted EBITDA ratio 
also increased from 2.47 times as at 30 June 2023 to 2.67 times 
as at 30 June 2024, primarily due to the higher debt as explained 
above.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Operating cash flow from continuing operations decreased from 
RM1.0 billion in FY2023 to RM0.5 billion in FY2024, mainly due 
to the increase in working capital and expenditure for rental 
assets.
Capital expenditure (excluding rental assets) for FY2024 was 
higher, mainly due to higher spend for Motors Division’s 
expansion in Malaysia and Chinese Mainland, as well as the 
upgrading of facilities in Industrial Australia and the consolidation 
of UMW’s capital expenditure.
There is a significant increase in spend for acquisitions due to the 
purchase of UMW and Cavpower.
DIVIDEND
The Group declared a total dividend of 13 sen per share 
amounting to RM886 million for FY2024 and equivalent to 
approximately 27% of FY2024’s net profit of RM3.3 billion. The 
relatively low dividend payout ratio was mainly because the 
proceeds from disposals of RSDH and MVV land were largely set 
aside to partly finance the acquisition of UMW. Excluding the 
gain on disposals of RSDH and MVV land, the dividend payout 
ratio would have been at about 85%, much higher than the 
minimum 50% dividend payout policy of the Group.
FY2025 FOCUS
The Group’s gearing, measured using the Debt/Equity ratio, 
increased significantly to over 60% after the UMW and Cavpower 
acquisitions. However, this was reduced to about 57% as at 30 
June 2024, mainly through higher utilisation of cash balances to 
repay borrowings. Gearing is anticipated to reduce further in 
FY2025 with the expected proceeds from disposals of MVV land 
and UMW Komatsu Heavy Equipment Sdn Bhd (UKHE). Working 
capital and operational expenditure improvement would continue 
to remain in focus, together with the ongoing integration of the 
operations of the acquired companies.
Muhammad Noor Abd Aziz @ Hashim
Group Chief Financial Officer
600
1,200
1,500
900
300
INDUSTRIAL DIVISION PBIT
RM million
1,467
1,051
20242023
0
1,600
3,200
4,000
2,400
800
PBIT
RM million
2,758
2,084
20242023
0
600
1,200
1,500
900
300
MOTORS DIVISION PBIT
RM million
584
1,052
20242023
0
PBIT from continuing 
operations  
increased by
32%
PG. 15


---- Page 18 ----
WIN TOGETHER
CARE FO
R ALL
ACT WITH INTEGRITY
Defines how we 
build trust
Defines how 
we create 
belonging
Defines how we 
succeed
WE BRING THE BEST
PRODUCTS AND
SOLUTIONS TO ENABLE
ASIA PACIFIC
TO MOVE  AND DEVELOP
PURPOSE
CORE 
VALUES
VISION
TO BE THE  LEADING MOTORS  AND 
INDUSTRIAL  PLAYER IN ASIA PACIFIC
 We subscribe to good corporate governance 
and high ethical values.
 We provide an environment for our people 
to realise their full potential.
 We are committed to developing a 
winning portfolio of sustainable 
businesses.
 We continuously strive to deliver superior 
financial returns through operational 
excellence and high-performance standards.
MISSION
Annual Report 2024
PG. 16
Sime Darby Berhad
OVERVIEW OF 
SIME DARBY BERHAD

---- Page 19 ----
WHO WE ARE:
BRIEF PROFILE OF  
SIME DARBY
Sime Darby Berhad (Sime Darby) is one of Malaysia’s largest multinationals listed on the Bursa 
Malaysia stock exchange. Sime Darby is a preferred partner for some of the world’s most 
respected brands in the industrial and automotive sectors. With operations spanning 18 countries 
and territories across Asia Pacific, we remain committed to growth, delivering sustainable value 
to our stakeholders through operational excellence, high performance and strong corporate 
governance.
Total Employees
31,448
Malaysia: ................. 13,165
Chinese Mainland: ......6,478
Australia: ...................5,859
New Zealand: .............1,798
Hong Kong SAR: .........1,104
Singapore: .................1,171
Thailand: .......................575
Others: ......................1,298
Industrial Division
9,999
Staff Strength
Motors Division
15,257
Staff Strength
Group Head Office
169
Staff Strength
Other Businesses
179
Staff Strength
Countries & 
Territories
18
1 Chinese Mainland   4 Macau SAR  
2 Hong Kong SAR  5 South Korea
3 Japan 6 Taiwan Region
7 Maldives
8 Malaysia   13 Singapore   
9 Brunei  14 Solomon Islands
10 Indonesia 15 Thailand
11 New Caledonia 16 Vietnam
12 Papua New Guinea
17 Australia  
18 New Zealand  
Legend:  Industrial  Motors  UMW
1
2 6
5 3
4
7
MOTOR
8 9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
Note:
Excluding discontinuing operations
UMW Division
5,844
Staff Strength
PG. 17
OUR PRESENCE

---- Page 20 ----
Sime Darby Industrial is a leading industrial company across the Asia Pacific region, providing customers with 
equipment sales and rentals, product support and innovative industrial solutions.
INDUSTRIAL  DIVISION
Note:
Brands listed are not exhaustive
Brands we represent
JAPAN
 SOUTH KOREA
NEW ZEALAND
 PAPUA NEW GUINEA
 SOLOMON ISLANDS
NEW CALEDONIA
 MALDIVES
 BRUNEI
AUSTRALIA
CHINA
MALAYSIA
SINGAPORE
Annual Report 2024
PG. 18
Sime Darby Berhad
WHAT WE DO: CORE BUSINESS SEGMENTS

---- Page 21 ----
Our Business
Sime Darby Motors is dedicated to providing exceptional service across the automotive value chain, backed by over 
50 years of experience in vehicle sales, servicing, distribution, assembly and rental.
MOTORS  DIVISION
Our Business
UMW Holdings Berhad is Malaysia’s largest automotive player with over 50% market share, leading the automotive, 
equipment, manufacturing, engineering and aerospace industries.
UMW  DIVISION
AFTER-SALES SERVICE
 MOTORCYCLES
Marine & Power Equipment
Industrial Equipment
ఆ൛
 EQUIPMENT
MANUFACTURING & ENGINEERING
AUTOMOTIVE
AEROSPACE
COMMERCIAL VEHICLES AND EQUIPMENT
 RENTAL SERVICE
ASSEMBLY OF VEHICLES AND MODULES
PASSENGER VEHICLES
PG. 19


---- Page 22 ----
OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
We are committed to making a 
positive impact on our stakeholders 
through our purpose of bringing the 
best products and services to move 
and develop Asia Pacific. Our 
decisions prioritise not only financial 
success but also social and 
environmental responsibilities. By 
prioritising stakeholder impact, we 
aim to be a business that contributes 
to society and become a responsible 
organisation for the benefit of all.
 Geographical diversification
 Our robust network of businesses across 
sectors and geographies allows investors 
to tap into Asia Pacific’s growth story
 Strong partnerships with premium 
brands
 Our decades-long relationships with 
some of the world’s leading brands 
provide our customers with access to 
world-class products and services
 Significant growth potential
 Our potential to grow in our key 
markets through strategic expansion and 
by leveraging on key megatrends 
(growing middle income and 
development of infrastructure) is 
significant
 A strong financial profile
 Our strong financial profile allows us to 
enhance shareholder value and provide 
financial stability
 Empowered and engaged people
 Our business is propelled by a diverse 
and skilled workforce
SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
INSPIRING OUR EMPLOYEES TO DELIVER MEANINGFUL CHANGE
 Strengthened our talent pipeline with Apprenticeship/Management 
Trainee and Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET) 
programmes
 Tractors Singapore Limited awarded bursaries worth SG$10,000 to two 
underprivileged students
OPTIMISING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL FOOTPRINT
 Initiated a climate scenario analysis, following the Task Force for 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) S2 standards to model risks and 
opportunities
 Implemented the Driving Our Achievement (DA) Performance 
Management Framework to cultivate a high-performance culture
 Increased our solar capacity, producing 7.1 GWh of renewable energy  
and avoiding approximately 3,900 tCO2-e emissions
 Procured green energy in China, Malaysia, Singapore and New Zealand
Annual Report 2024
PG. 20
Sime Darby Berhad
OUR INVESTMENT CASE

---- Page 23 ----
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
127%EARNINGS 
PER 
SHARE
48.5 sen
FY2023: 21.4 sen127%
RM3.3 billion
NET PROFIT
FY2023: 
RM1.5 
billion
DIVIDEND PER 
SHARE
13.0 sen
FY2023: 13.0 sen
39%REVENUE*
RM67.1 billion
FY2023: RM48.3 
billion
99%ROE^
18.1%
FY2023: 9.1%32%
RM2.8 billion
PROFIT BEFORE  
INTEREST AND TAX*
FY2023: 
RM2.1 
billion
 Motors Australia raised AU$62,000 for the Sydney 
Children’s Hospital Foundation at the Gold Dinner 
Fundraising Gala
 Motors New Zealand raised NZ$46,000 for the Mental 
Health Foundation NZ which funded 190,297 mental 
health resources for local communities
 Sime Darby committed to environmental stewardship by 
investing RM20,000 to develop the WildRoots docuseries
ENGAGING IN SUSTAINABLE PARTNERSHIPS
 UMW collaborated with Bursa Malaysia to develop the 
Centralised Sustainability Intelligence (CSI) Platform
 Launched Sime Darby Motors OneGo mobile app, creating 
a seamless online-to-offline experience for customers
 2,764 participants received Gifts, Hospitality and Donations 
(GHD) training across our operations in China
DRIVING SUSTAINABLE INNOVATION AND 
TECHNOLOGY
 Sime Darby Motors Malaysia partnered with Gentari 
to establish 115 electric vehicle (EV) charging 
stations (and related EV infrastructure) across 
Malaysian showrooms
 UMW established High Value Manufacturing (HVM) 
Park as the first GreenRE-certified industrial park in 
Selangor
 Sime Darby Industrial introduced more than 100 
Caterpillar products with energy-efficient 
improvements across the industrial network since 
2020
* Excludes discontinuing/discontinued operations
^ Based on average shareholders’ equity (quarterly average)
PG. 21


---- Page 24 ----
7 AUGUST 2023
Sime Darby Berhad completed the disposal of freehold land 
in Malaysia Vision Valley measuring 760.12 acres to Sime 
Darby Property Berhad.
1 NOVEMBER 2023
Sime Darby Berhad acquired Cavpower Group, the 
Caterpillar dealer for South Australia.
29 NOVEMBER 2023
KINETA signed an exclusive distributorship agreement with 
Shanghai Zhida Technology Development Co. Ltd. for the 
distribution of EV chargers.
13 DECEMBER 2023
Sime Darby Berhad completed the acquisition of 
approximately 61% equity interest in UMW, resulting in 
UMW becoming a subsidiary of the Group.
28 DECEMBER 2023
Sime Darby Berhad exited the healthcare business with the 
completion of the sale of Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care.
20 FEBRUARY 2024
Sime Darby’s subsidiary Terberg Tractors Malaysia launched 
a new Asia Pacific headquarters, marking market expansion 
and growth.
7 MARCH 2024
Sime Darby Motors launched a new BMW and MINI 4S 
Centre in Balakong, the largest of its kind in Malaysia, 
featuring a 240,057 sq. ft. facility with a lush façade and 
cutting-edge digital sales tools.
21 MARCH 2024
Sime Darby Berhad completed the acquisition of the 
remaining shares in UMW, resulting in UMW becoming a 
wholly-owned subsidiary.
9 APRIL 2024
Sime Darby Motors partnered with XPENG Motors to 
expand its footprint into Hong Kong.
13 MAY 2024
China Engineers Limited sealed a deal for the delivery of 35 
units of mining equipment to Heyuan, Guangdong, marking 
a milestone in iron ore mining equipment delivery.
20 MAY 2024
Tractors Machinery International clinched the Cox Marine 
diesel outboard distributorship for China.
6 JUNE 2024
Chery Malaysia celebrated its 10,000th unit roll-out and a 
new production line at Sime Darby Motors’ assembly 
operations, Inokom.
26 JUNE 2024
Sime Darby Motors launched Drivecare, a one-stop service 
centre catering to all vehicle makes and models.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 22
Sime Darby Berhad
OUR INVESTMENT CASE
OUR ACHIEVEMENTS

---- Page 25 ----
100%
Sime Darby Industrial 
Holdings Sdn Bhd
100%
Sime Darby Industrial 
Sdn Bhd
100%
Sime Darby  
Auto Bavaria Sdn Bhd
51%
UMW Toyota Motor 
Sdn Bhd
100%
Sime Darby Motors 
Sdn Bhd
100%
UMW Holdings 
Berhad
100%
Sime Darby CEL 
(South China) Limited
100%
Sime Darby Motor 
Holdings Limited
38%
Perusahaan Otomobil 
Kedua Sdn Bhd
100%
Sime Darby (Thailand) 
Limited
100%
Sime Darby Industrial 
Singapore Pte Ltd
100%
Sime Darby Motor 
Group (NZ) Limited
74%
UMW Toyota 
Material Handling 
Sdn Bhd
100%
Sime Darby Industrial 
Australia Pty Ltd
100%
Sime Darby Motors 
Group (Australia) Pty 
Limited
100%
Sime Darby Motor 
Group (HK) Limited
 For the list of companies in Sime Darby Berhad, please refer to our List of Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Associates on pages 261 to 286 of this report.
Industrial
Motors
UMW
PG. 23
HOW WE ARE STRUCTURED

---- Page 26 ----
OUR KEY DIFFERENTIATORSOUR CAPITAL
Our financial capital refers to the 
funds used to operate and grow 
our business and is sourced from 
loans, investments, grants and 
profits. It helps us invest, explore 
new opportunities, expand into 
new markets and maintain 
day-to-day operations.
Total Equity: RM23.4 billion
Total Debt: RM13.2 billion
Debt/Equity (%): 57%
FINANCIAL
Our manufactured capital consists 
of the physical assets needed to 
produce goods and services in our 
automotive and heavy equipment 
sectors, including facilities, 
equipment, processes, assembly 
lines and production sites which 
are key to our operational 
capacity.
Operations in 18 countries and 
territories
More than 200 automotive 
dealerships across 10 markets
9 operational plants for the 
Motors and UMW division
MANUFACTURED
Our human capital includes skilled 
professionals, technicians, 
managers and specialists. Their 
collaboration drives innovation, 
operational excellence and 
customer satisfaction. This 
expertise keeps us competitive in 
the rapidly changing automotive 
and industrial sectors.
Total Employees: 31,448
RM59.6 million invested in 
training and development
Implementation of Diversity, 
Equality and Inclusivity (DEI) 
policies
HUMAN
Our intellectual capital refers to 
our intangible assets such as 
patents, trademarks, copyrights, 
software and licences. 
Additionally, management 
expertise, employee knowledge 
and well-established systems and 
procedures ensure smooth 
operations.
Hastings Deering deployed 
autonomous mining solutions 
at the Pembroke Resources 
Olive Downs Complex
Developed new 5-year strategy 
masterplan for the Group
21 digital applications 
developed across Motors 
Division
INTELLECTUAL
Our social and relationship capital 
consists of the networks we have 
with our communities and 
stakeholders. It involves shared 
values, trust and the willingness 
to work together. Furthermore, it 
reflects our positive workplace 
culture, which contributes to the 
well-being of the communities we 
serve.
Partnerships with more than 60 
brands in the automotive, 
heavy equipment and industrial 
sectors across the Asia Pacific 
region
Continuous investments into 
local vendors
SOCIAL & RELATIONSHIP
Natural capital includes all the 
renewable and non-renewable 
resources essential for the 
delivery of our services to 
customers. Our aim is to generate 
sustainable growth in balance 
with our natural environment.
Total volume of water used: 
1,367 megalitres
Increased our solar capacity, 
producing 7.1 GWh of 
renewable energy and avoiding 
approximately 3,900 tCO2-e
emissions
NATURAL
KEY RISKS
BU
SIN
ESS A
C
TIV
ITIES 
KEY RISKS
MATERIAL MATTERS
ESG Oversight, Measurement 
and Reporting1
Community Contributions 
and Development3
Employee Training and 
Development2
Sustainable Product Offering1
Data Privacy and Security3
Technology and Innovation2
Climate Change (Including Financial 
Risk & Opportunities)1
Labour Practices5
Energy and Emissions Management 
(Including Renewable Energy)2
Health and Safety6
Water Management3
Diversity7
Waste and Effluent Management4
Customer Satisfaction1
Business Ethics and Compliance 
(Including Anti-Bribery/Corruption)3
Business Continuity2
Responsible Supply Chain4
SUSTAINABILITY THEMES
Optimising Our Environmental 
and Social Footprint
Inspiring our Employees to 
Deliver Meaningful Change
Engaging in Sustainable 
Partnerships
Driving Sustainable Innovation 
and Technology
STRATEGY PILLARS
Operational Excellence
Growing the Core
Future Ready
Note:
The Group has developed a new 5-year Strategy Masterplan for FY2024 to FY2028.
∂ Market Dynamics ∂ Business Partners ∂ Disruption/Disinterm
ediation ∂ M
ergers and Acquisitions ∂ Product and Service Delivery ∂
∂ Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) ∂ Cybersecurity ∂ Project M
anagem
ent ∂ People and Culture ∂ Regulatory Compliance ∂
Annual Report 2024
PG. 24
Sime Darby Berhad
OUR VALUE CREATION BUSINESS MODEL

---- Page 27 ----
CORE  
VALUESWe bring the best products and solutions to enable
Asia Pacific to move and develop
PURPOSE
To be the leading Motors and 
Industrial player in Asia Pacific
VISION
OUR BUSINESS ACTIVITIES GENERATE OUTPUTS CREATE VALUE-ADDED OUTCOMES 
FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS
ACTIONS TO ENHANCE 
OUTCOMES
OUTCOMES
STRATEGIC TRADE-OFFS FOR 
SUSTAINABLE LONG-TERM GROWTH
IMPACTED STAKEHOLDERS 
AND RELATED UN SDGs
 Value creation   Value preservation   Value erosion
• Rigorous investment 
analysis to ensure 
high-quality projects.
• Fortify our balance 
sheet.
• Boost our efforts to 
digitalise and modernise 
our technologies by 
allocating designated 
resources.
• Strengthen relationships 
with principals and 
customers.
• Allocate more resources 
to R&D for innovative 
products and processes.
• Strengthen the 
management and 
protection of patents, 
trademarks and 
copyrights.
• Encourage collaboration 
and knowledge transfer 
across functions.
• Provide ongoing 
training programmes to 
upskill employees and 
foster leadership 
development.
• Boost female 
representation in 
Industrial, Motors and 
UMW divisions.
• Improve transparency 
and regular 
communication with 
stakeholders to build 
trust and long-term 
partnerships.
• Increase involvement in 
community 
development projects 
and social initiatives to 
build stronger local 
relationships.
• Implement the 
Responsible Sourcing 
Policy to uphold ethical 
and environmental 
standards throughout 
our supply chains.
• Expand green energy 
adoption through our 
organisation.
Investing in innovative and 
sustainable projects may utilise 
immediate cash flow, impacting 
dividends and potentially slowing 
other investments. However, it 
ensures long-term growth and 
sustainability of returns for 
shareholders.
Upgrading and modernising our 
facilities requires high upfront costs, 
potentially slowing expansion or 
diverting funds from other 
operations. However, it provides a 
platform for long-term, improved 
efficiency and ability to capitalise 
on new opportunities.
Allocating more to R&D limits 
immediate operational and 
marketing investments. While this 
may delay short-term gains, it 
fosters innovation and long-term 
competitiveness, ensuring future 
growth through continuous product 
and process development.
Investing in market-based skills and 
preparing our workforce for the 
future is essential to attract and 
retain top talent amid global 
competition. These trade-offs may 
increase overheads cost in the 
short-term but will strengthen 
workforce productivity and increase 
our profits in the long-term.
Strengthening community 
engagement and ethical supply 
chains may potentially increase the 
Group’s overall operational costs. 
While this could impact short-term 
profits, it builds trust, enhances the 
company’s reputation, provides the 
Group the license to operate and 
supports long-term sustainability 
and stakeholder relationships.
Prioritising environmental stewardship, 
compliance with regulations and 
long-term sustainability benefits the 
company, our people and the 
surrounding ecosystems. Intelligent 
and conscientious use of our natural 
resources requires us to challenge our 
traditional ways of thinking, while the 
outcome contributes positively to our 
profitability through lower operating 
costs.
 Net profit: RM3.3 billion
 Total dividend payout: 
RM886 million (FY2023: 
RM886 million)
 Share price up by 28%
FINANCIAL
 RM4.36 billion in Industrial 
order book (FY2023: 
RM4.59 billion)
 Opened nine greenfield 
showrooms in China with 
two more in the pipeline
 Expanding assembly of 
Chery vehicles to more 
than 15,000 units a year
MANUFACTURED
 Employee skills developed 
and retained
INTELLECTUAL
 Deployed the Driving Our 
Achievement (DA) 
Performance Management 
Framework, focusing on 
development through regular 
coaching, prioritising people, 
ensuring simplicity and 
embedding feedback into 
daily work, to enable high 
performance that drives our 
growth and achievements
HUMAN
 RM30 million contribution 
to YSD for philantrophic 
activities
 Developed strong relationships 
with our stakeholders
 Motors New Zealand raised 
NZ$46,000 for the Mental 
Health Foundation NZ 
which funded 190,267 
mental health resources for 
local communities
 Awarded bursaries valued 
at SG$10,000 each to two 
underprivileged students 
through Tractors Singapore
SOCIAL & RELATIONSHIP
 In FY2024, we have 
achieved an annual 
reduction of approximately 
23,000 tonnes carbon 
dioxide equivalent
NATURAL
Products
•  Vehicles  
  Assembled: 52,482
•  Total Vehicles  
  Sold: 142,901
•  Electric Vehicles  
  (EVs) Sold: 41,209
Waste Products
•  Total Emissions:  
168,000 tCO2-e
•  Emissions  
(Scope 1):  
47,000  
tCO2-e tonnes
•  Emissions  
(Scope 2):  
121,000  
tCO2-e tonnes
BU
SIN
ESS A
C
TIV
ITIES 
UMW
MOTORS
∂ ASSEMBLY
∂ DISTRIBUTION/IMPORTATION
∂ RETAIL OF NEW &  
USED CARS 
∂ AFTER-SALES
∂ RENTAL
∂ AUTOMOTIVE 
∂ HEAVY EQUIPMENT
∂ MANUFACTURING & 
ENGINEERING
∂ AEROSPACE
MARKET TRENDS
High Total Industry Volume (TIV) for Malaysia
Shifting Consumer Behaviour in the Automotive Sector
Growing Middle Income and Consumer Class
Robust Commodity Prices and the Energy Transition
KEY ENABLERS
Strategic Partnerships with World Class Brands
Robust Value Creation Plan and Capital Allocation Framework
Deep Focus on Governance
Capable Leadership and Management
∂ Market Dynamics ∂ Business Partners ∂ Disruption/Disinterm
ediation ∂ M
ergers and Acquisitions ∂ Product and Service Delivery ∂
∂ Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) ∂ Cybersecurity ∂ Project M
anagem
ent ∂ People and Culture ∂ Regulatory Compliance ∂
INDUSTRIAL
∂ HEAVY EQUIPMENT 
SALES – NEW AND USED 
∂ POWER SYSTEMS SALES
∂ PRODUCT SUPPORT
∂ EQUIPMENT RENTAL
∂ RENTAL SERVICES
∂ INDUSTRIAL  
SOLUTIONS
OUTPUTS
Stakeholders:
   
 
SDGs:
  
Stakeholders:
   
SDGs:
   
Stakeholders:
   
 
SDGs:
   
Stakeholders:
   
SDGs:
  
Stakeholders:
   
  
SDGs:
    
Stakeholders:
   
   
 
SDGs:
   
PG. 25

---- Page 28 ----
PG. 26
In an evolving business 
landscape marked by 
ever-shifting stakeholder 
expectations, we ensure 
active interactions with 
our stakeholders. These 
interactions are 
thoughtfully conducted 
through various 
channels, enabling us to 
gather feedback and 
insights that shape our 
course of action.
Managing stakeholder expectations is crucial for value creation, especially 
in a dynamic business environment. Engaging with stakeholders through 
various channels is essential to gather feedback and insights for strategic 
improvement and planning.
Why we engage How we engage Key concerns raised Our response How we measure value
Value created for  
stakeholders
Value created for  
Sime Darby Risks Opportunities Link to:
EMPLOYEES
We promote a 
culture of excellence 
and accountability, 
as well as educating 
and providing 
fulfilling career 
opportunities and 
livelihoods. To 
execute our strategy 
and achieve our 
business goals, we 
must attract, retain 
and develop top 
talents and build a 
highly engaged and 
future-ready 
workforce.
• Townhalls  
Q H
• Employee focus  
groups R
• Leaders coffee chats H
• Performance & 
development  
(check-in)  
conversations Q
• Training  
programmes M Q A
• Recognition  
programmes H A
• Cross market  
forums Q
• Employee  
engagement events R
• Creating an open, fair 
and inclusive workplace 
culture
• Attracting and retaining 
skilled key talent
• Building a resilient and 
future-ready workforce
• Ensuring employees are 
aware of the relevance 
of product and service 
offerings due to rapid 
digitalisation and 
technology 
advancements
• Cultivate development conversations between employees 
and managers
• Identify key talent for accelerated career development 
and succession planning
• Deploy and reinforce our new leadership and performance 
management framework
• Invest in the performance and development of our people 
through our driving our achievements programme, 
Mentoring programme and graduate development 
programme
• Launch leadership development pathways, such as 
aspiring leaders, people leaders and strategic leaders 
programmes, to equip leaders with essential skills and 
knowledge
• Host continuous learning events such as leaders coffee 
chats, HR roadshows and lunch and learn events, fostering 
an inclusive workforce and developing top talent
• Organise employee events like staff appreciation day, 
International Women’s Day and festive celebrations such 
as the Lunar New Year and Hari Raya to celebrate 
diversity and promote inclusion
• Employee engagement 
score
• Learning programme 
effectiveness
• Retention/attrition rate 
of key and emerging 
talent
• Increased sense of 
belonging and 
community
• Upskilled workforce 
through capabilities-
building programmes
• Improved workplace 
culture and support 
for the wellbeing of 
employees
• Increased access to 
resources, tooling 
and equipment
• Increased 
productivity and 
quality of services
• Increased quality 
and diversity of 
talent pipeline
• Strong leadership 
to steer the 
organisation 
towards achieving 
its goals
• Lower morale
• High turnover 
rates, especially at 
mid-level
• Increased hiring 
and training cost
• Retain highly 
skilled talents
• Holistic and 
transparent 
performance 
feedback
• Timely and quality 
decision-making 
embedded into 
workplace culture
• Build a positive 
and inclusive 
workplace culture
• Drive 
organisational 
performance 
through high-
performing 
engaged 
employees
Capitals:
    
Material Matters:
5
 
6
 
7
 
2
 
2
 
3
 
3
 
2
SDGs:
   
   
   
CUSTOMERS
We highly value our 
customers’ feedback 
as their insights 
provide us with 
guidance on 
delivering optimal 
services and 
solutions that will 
enrich customer 
experience. This 
generates long-term 
value through 
favourable customer 
reviews, referrals 
and repeat 
purchases.
• Face-to-face meetings 
with business  
managers 
D W R
• Business-to-  
business (B2B) 
communication D W R
• Digital customer  
platforms and  
social media D W R
• Retail branch visits  
and after-sales  
centres D W R
• Customer  
relationship  
programmes  A R
• Customer training A R
• Security of supply chain
• Performance and 
reliability of machine 
and equipment
• Retail and after-sales 
service and support
• Products and solutions 
for decarbonisation
• Ease of doing business
• Emphasis on health, 
safety and environment 
(HSE)
• Ensure labour and parts availability for prompt and 
high-quality after-sales support
• Offer decarbonised solutions such as battery-electric 
offerings, emission compliant engines, transitional and 
alternative fuels powered engines
• Enhance customer experience with B2B and B2C digital 
solutions to streamline processes, including omnichannel 
solutions and providing multiple touchpoints
• Invest in the expansion and opening of facilities to 
improve components availability and reduce turnaround 
time
• Engage independent third parties to carry out customer 
interviews to gather feedback on customer experience to 
obtain net loyalty score
• Implement product trials/demo and feasibility studies 
with customers
• Expand product offerings in line with customer demand 
and market conditions
• Market share
• Revenue per customer
• Customer retention or 
repeat orders
• Customer loyalty and 
satisfaction scores
• Value of order book
• Number of referrals 
from existing 
customers
• Assured availability 
and reliability of 
equipment and parts 
for customers’ 
projects
• Faster response times 
for business enquiries 
and after-sales 
support
• Supported customer’s 
emission reduction 
efforts using 
decarbonisation 
solutions and 
equipment
• Stayed up to date 
with changing 
customer 
requirements with a 
wide range of 
products, including 
digital solutions to 
enhance customer 
experience
• Strengthened 
position as an 
end-to-end 
solutions provider, 
meeting evolving 
customer needs
• Increased brand 
reputation and 
positive 
testimonials from 
customers
• Ensured a growing 
portfolio of digital 
and 
decarbonisation 
solutions
• Loss of customer 
loyalty and trust
• Market share 
leakage to 
competitors 
• Lack of 
confidence in 
products
• Expand product 
portfolio in 
response to 
customer needs
• Improvement in 
quality of 
offerings and 
after-sales 
support
• Increase market 
share through key 
industry and 
sector growth
• Identify sales 
opportunities 
from gaps in 
current products 
line-up
Capitals:
   
Material Matters:
1
 
2
 
1
 
2
 
3
SDGs:
  
Annual Report 2024
Sime Darby Berhad
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND VALUE CREATION

---- Page 29 ----
Frequency of Engagement:
D  Daily  W  Weekly  M  Monthly  T  Every 2 Months   H  Half Yearly  Q  Quarterly  A  Annually  R  As Required
Why we engage How we engage Key concerns raised Our response How we measure value
Value created for  
stakeholders
Value created for  
Sime Darby Risks Opportunities Link to:
EMPLOYEES
We promote a 
culture of excellence 
and accountability, 
as well as educating 
and providing 
fulfilling career 
opportunities and 
livelihoods. To 
execute our strategy 
and achieve our 
business goals, we 
must attract, retain 
and develop top 
talents and build a 
highly engaged and 
future-ready 
workforce.
• Townhalls  
Q H
• Employee focus  
groups R
• Leaders coffee chats H
• Performance & 
development  
(check-in)  
conversations Q
• Training  
programmes M Q A
• Recognition  
programmes H A
• Cross market  
forums Q
• Employee  
engagement events R
• Creating an open, fair 
and inclusive workplace 
culture
• Attracting and retaining 
skilled key talent
• Building a resilient and 
future-ready workforce
• Ensuring employees are 
aware of the relevance 
of product and service 
offerings due to rapid 
digitalisation and 
technology 
advancements
• Cultivate development conversations between employees 
and managers
• Identify key talent for accelerated career development 
and succession planning
• Deploy and reinforce our new leadership and performance 
management framework
• Invest in the performance and development of our people 
through our driving our achievements programme, 
Mentoring programme and graduate development 
programme
• Launch leadership development pathways, such as 
aspiring leaders, people leaders and strategic leaders 
programmes, to equip leaders with essential skills and 
knowledge
• Host continuous learning events such as leaders coffee 
chats, HR roadshows and lunch and learn events, fostering 
an inclusive workforce and developing top talent
• Organise employee events like staff appreciation day, 
International Women’s Day and festive celebrations such 
as the Lunar New Year and Hari Raya to celebrate 
diversity and promote inclusion
• Employee engagement 
score
• Learning programme 
effectiveness
• Retention/attrition rate 
of key and emerging 
talent
• Increased sense of 
belonging and 
community
• Upskilled workforce 
through capabilities-
building programmes
• Improved workplace 
culture and support 
for the wellbeing of 
employees
• Increased access to 
resources, tooling 
and equipment
• Increased 
productivity and 
quality of services
• Increased quality 
and diversity of 
talent pipeline
• Strong leadership 
to steer the 
organisation 
towards achieving 
its goals
• Lower morale
• High turnover 
rates, especially at 
mid-level
• Increased hiring 
and training cost
• Retain highly 
skilled talents
• Holistic and 
transparent 
performance 
feedback
• Timely and quality 
decision-making 
embedded into 
workplace culture
• Build a positive 
and inclusive 
workplace culture
• Drive 
organisational 
performance 
through high-
performing 
engaged 
employees
Capitals:
    
Material Matters:
5
 
6
 
7
 
2
 
2
 
3
 
3
 
2
SDGs:
   
   
   
CUSTOMERS
We highly value our 
customers’ feedback 
as their insights 
provide us with 
guidance on 
delivering optimal 
services and 
solutions that will 
enrich customer 
experience. This 
generates long-term 
value through 
favourable customer 
reviews, referrals 
and repeat 
purchases.
• Face-to-face meetings 
with business  
managers 
D W R
• Business-to-  
business (B2B) 
communication D W R
• Digital customer  
platforms and  
social media D W R
• Retail branch visits  
and after-sales  
centres D W R
• Customer  
relationship  
programmes  A R
• Customer training A R
• Security of supply chain
• Performance and 
reliability of machine 
and equipment
• Retail and after-sales 
service and support
• Products and solutions 
for decarbonisation
• Ease of doing business
• Emphasis on health, 
safety and environment 
(HSE)
• Ensure labour and parts availability for prompt and 
high-quality after-sales support
• Offer decarbonised solutions such as battery-electric 
offerings, emission compliant engines, transitional and 
alternative fuels powered engines
• Enhance customer experience with B2B and B2C digital 
solutions to streamline processes, including omnichannel 
solutions and providing multiple touchpoints
• Invest in the expansion and opening of facilities to 
improve components availability and reduce turnaround 
time
• Engage independent third parties to carry out customer 
interviews to gather feedback on customer experience to 
obtain net loyalty score
• Implement product trials/demo and feasibility studies 
with customers
• Expand product offerings in line with customer demand 
and market conditions
• Market share
• Revenue per customer
• Customer retention or 
repeat orders
• Customer loyalty and 
satisfaction scores
• Value of order book
• Number of referrals 
from existing 
customers
• Assured availability 
and reliability of 
equipment and parts 
for customers’ 
projects
• Faster response times 
for business enquiries 
and after-sales 
support
• Supported customer’s 
emission reduction 
efforts using 
decarbonisation 
solutions and 
equipment
• Stayed up to date 
with changing 
customer 
requirements with a 
wide range of 
products, including 
digital solutions to 
enhance customer 
experience
• Strengthened 
position as an 
end-to-end 
solutions provider, 
meeting evolving 
customer needs
• Increased brand 
reputation and 
positive 
testimonials from 
customers
• Ensured a growing 
portfolio of digital 
and 
decarbonisation 
solutions
• Loss of customer 
loyalty and trust
• Market share 
leakage to 
competitors 
• Lack of 
confidence in 
products
• Expand product 
portfolio in 
response to 
customer needs
• Improvement in 
quality of 
offerings and 
after-sales 
support
• Increase market 
share through key 
industry and 
sector growth
• Identify sales 
opportunities 
from gaps in 
current products 
line-up
Capitals:
   
Material Matters:
1
 
2
 
1
 
2
 
3
SDGs:
  
PG. 27


---- Page 30 ----
Why we engage How we engage Key concerns raised Our response How we measure value
Value created for  
stakeholders
Value created for  
Sime Darby Risks Opportunities Link to:
GOVERNMENT & REGULATORS
We strive to foster a 
culture of 
transparency and 
trust in all the 
respective markets 
where we conduct 
business. Thus, we 
collaborate with 
regulatory 
authorities to ensure 
that we operate 
within the legal 
framework, 
supporting our 
business sustainable 
growth.
• Media releases 
R
• Reports and  
briefs M Q A
• Membership to  
industry bodies A
• Board and working  
group roles A
• Participation in  
industry forums  
and events R
• Communication via 
e-mails, phone-ins, 
physical meetings and 
virtual  
meetings M T Q A R
• Seminars and 
conventions M T
  Q A R
• Governance and 
regulatory compliance 
(safety, employment, 
tax, etc)
• Workforce trade 
qualifications
• Climate change impact
• Collaborate with government and regulatory bodies to 
ensure maximised transparency on employment practices 
and initiatives
• Include diversity and inclusion factors across our 
operations aligned with all necessary regulations
• Engage with regulators on the impact of e-invoicing in 
Malaysia
• Work closely with government bodies on rolling out 
relevant legislative changes and requirements
• Participate and contribute to government-related 
discussions on relevant industry developments
• Conduct graduate, scholar, trainee and apprenticeship 
programmes, promoting ongoing skills development
• Ease of doing business 
in operating regions
• Representation in 
industry bodies
• Compliance with 
regulatory 
requirements, such as 
supply chain and 
logistics regulations 
and including audits 
and workplace safety
• Regulatory approvals 
for expansion of 
business activities, 
including mergers and 
acquisitions
• Number of major 
disputes with 
regulators or fines
• Contributed to local 
economies and 
jurisdictions in the 
markets where we 
operate via taxes, 
royalties, community 
grants, etc
• Ensured compliance 
with laws and 
regulations in every 
market
• Employment of a 
large and diversified 
workforce in all the 
markets where we 
operate
• Provision of training 
and upskilling 
through accredited 
training organisations 
and development 
programmes
• Maintained a 
licence/agreement 
to operate, 
allowing ongoing 
representation of 
our brands
• Reduced risk of 
legal action and 
regulatory 
penalties
• Maintained 
reputation as a 
good corporate 
citizen
• Potential fines for 
non-compliance
• Operational 
delays and 
disruptions due to 
suspension of 
licence, stop-work 
order and 
confiscation of 
assets
• Advocate for the 
interests of the 
business to 
governments, 
leading to access 
to a future 
pipeline of work
• Continued support 
from the 
government such 
as through grants 
and licences
Capitals:
  
Material Matters:
1
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
1
 
2
 
3
4
 
3
SDGs:
    
   
MEDIA
The media serves as 
a valuable channel 
for communicating 
with multiple 
stakeholders. Our 
media partners help 
share the latest and 
accurate information 
with the public, 
investors and 
regulators. This 
prevents 
misinformation and 
ensures timely and 
accurate 
dissemination of 
information to our 
stakeholders, leading 
to a positive brand 
perception.
• Media releases 
Q R
• Media interviews M
• Media briefing  
sessions Q R
• Media engagement 
events H
• Website/web-based 
platforms R
• Social media R
• Operational and 
financial performance
• Strategy to address 
emerging trends
• Economic and industry 
perspective
• Respond swiftly to media queries on business 
developments
• Train various operating units (OUs) in crisis 
communication and media engagement
• Organise rapport-building events and engagement 
sessions
• Communicate promptly and accurately on business 
developments
• Hold media briefings and media interviews with official 
news outlets and publications
• Disseminate media releases to announce various initiatives 
and corporate exercises
• Quality and amount of 
media coverage
• Media sentiment score
• Served as a vital 
communication link 
between our 
businesses and 
stakeholders
• Played a key role in 
disseminating crucial 
information about the 
Group’s businesses, 
brand and reputation
• Shared accurate 
information on our 
performance, growth 
agenda, sustainability 
initiatives and 
matters of public 
interest
• Increased media 
visibility and impact 
as a trusted source of 
information and news
• Maintained good 
rapport with the 
media and 
leveraging on the 
media as an 
effective platform 
for our brand 
reputation
• Engaged media 
stakeholders to 
ensure up-to-date 
and accurate 
information
• Built trust and 
credibility with 
customers, 
investors, 
potential 
employees and 
other key 
stakeholders
• Negative impact 
towards 
reputation and 
brand
• Inaccurate media 
reporting or lack 
of context causing 
a lack of 
confidence among 
investors or 
scepticism among 
stakeholders 
generally
• Discrepancies 
reported by the 
media can sway 
investor sentiment 
and affect our 
reputation
• Improve the 
reputation of the 
Group
• Increase 
transparency and 
trust in the 
Group’s 
operations
Capitals:
   
Material Matters:
1
 
3
 
2
 
3
SDGs:
   
Annual Report 2024
PG. 28
Sime Darby Berhad
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND VALUE CREATION

---- Page 31 ----
Why we engage How we engage Key concerns raised Our response How we measure value
Value created for  
stakeholders
Value created for  
Sime Darby Risks Opportunities Link to:
GOVERNMENT & REGULATORS
We strive to foster a 
culture of 
transparency and 
trust in all the 
respective markets 
where we conduct 
business. Thus, we 
collaborate with 
regulatory 
authorities to ensure 
that we operate 
within the legal 
framework, 
supporting our 
business sustainable 
growth.
• Media releases 
R
• Reports and  
briefs M Q A
• Membership to  
industry bodies A
• Board and working  
group roles A
• Participation in  
industry forums  
and events R
• Communication via 
e-mails, phone-ins, 
physical meetings and 
virtual  
meetings M T Q A R
• Seminars and 
conventions M T
  Q A R
• Governance and 
regulatory compliance 
(safety, employment, 
tax, etc)
• Workforce trade 
qualifications
• Climate change impact
• Collaborate with government and regulatory bodies to 
ensure maximised transparency on employment practices 
and initiatives
• Include diversity and inclusion factors across our 
operations aligned with all necessary regulations
• Engage with regulators on the impact of e-invoicing in 
Malaysia
• Work closely with government bodies on rolling out 
relevant legislative changes and requirements
• Participate and contribute to government-related 
discussions on relevant industry developments
• Conduct graduate, scholar, trainee and apprenticeship 
programmes, promoting ongoing skills development
• Ease of doing business 
in operating regions
• Representation in 
industry bodies
• Compliance with 
regulatory 
requirements, such as 
supply chain and 
logistics regulations 
and including audits 
and workplace safety
• Regulatory approvals 
for expansion of 
business activities, 
including mergers and 
acquisitions
• Number of major 
disputes with 
regulators or fines
• Contributed to local 
economies and 
jurisdictions in the 
markets where we 
operate via taxes, 
royalties, community 
grants, etc
• Ensured compliance 
with laws and 
regulations in every 
market
• Employment of a 
large and diversified 
workforce in all the 
markets where we 
operate
• Provision of training 
and upskilling 
through accredited 
training organisations 
and development 
programmes
• Maintained a 
licence/agreement 
to operate, 
allowing ongoing 
representation of 
our brands
• Reduced risk of 
legal action and 
regulatory 
penalties
• Maintained 
reputation as a 
good corporate 
citizen
• Potential fines for 
non-compliance
• Operational 
delays and 
disruptions due to 
suspension of 
licence, stop-work 
order and 
confiscation of 
assets
• Advocate for the 
interests of the 
business to 
governments, 
leading to access 
to a future 
pipeline of work
• Continued support 
from the 
government such 
as through grants 
and licences
Capitals:
  
Material Matters:
1
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
1
 
2
 
3
4
 
3
SDGs:
    
   
MEDIA
The media serves as 
a valuable channel 
for communicating 
with multiple 
stakeholders. Our 
media partners help 
share the latest and 
accurate information 
with the public, 
investors and 
regulators. This 
prevents 
misinformation and 
ensures timely and 
accurate 
dissemination of 
information to our 
stakeholders, leading 
to a positive brand 
perception.
• Media releases 
Q R
• Media interviews M
• Media briefing  
sessions Q R
• Media engagement 
events H
• Website/web-based 
platforms R
• Social media R
• Operational and 
financial performance
• Strategy to address 
emerging trends
• Economic and industry 
perspective
• Respond swiftly to media queries on business 
developments
• Train various operating units (OUs) in crisis 
communication and media engagement
• Organise rapport-building events and engagement 
sessions
• Communicate promptly and accurately on business 
developments
• Hold media briefings and media interviews with official 
news outlets and publications
• Disseminate media releases to announce various initiatives 
and corporate exercises
• Quality and amount of 
media coverage
• Media sentiment score
• Served as a vital 
communication link 
between our 
businesses and 
stakeholders
• Played a key role in 
disseminating crucial 
information about the 
Group’s businesses, 
brand and reputation
• Shared accurate 
information on our 
performance, growth 
agenda, sustainability 
initiatives and 
matters of public 
interest
• Increased media 
visibility and impact 
as a trusted source of 
information and news
• Maintained good 
rapport with the 
media and 
leveraging on the 
media as an 
effective platform 
for our brand 
reputation
• Engaged media 
stakeholders to 
ensure up-to-date 
and accurate 
information
• Built trust and 
credibility with 
customers, 
investors, 
potential 
employees and 
other key 
stakeholders
• Negative impact 
towards 
reputation and 
brand
• Inaccurate media 
reporting or lack 
of context causing 
a lack of 
confidence among 
investors or 
scepticism among 
stakeholders 
generally
• Discrepancies 
reported by the 
media can sway 
investor sentiment 
and affect our 
reputation
• Improve the 
reputation of the 
Group
• Increase 
transparency and 
trust in the 
Group’s 
operations
Capitals:
   
Material Matters:
1
 
3
 
2
 
3
SDGs:
   
PG. 29


---- Page 32 ----
Why we engage How we engage Key concerns raised Our response How we measure value
Value created for  
stakeholders
Value created for  
Sime Darby Risks Opportunities Link to:
SUPPLIERS/PARTNERS
Our network of 
suppliers expands 
with our operational 
growth. The quality 
of products and 
services impact our 
manufactured 
capital, creating 
mutual benefits and 
fostering growth 
through 
collaborative 
partnerships.
• Caterpillar dealer/
original equipment 
manufacturers (OEM) 
advisory boards and 
leadership  
councils 
M Q A
• Market and  
country level  
meetings M Q A
• Ad-hoc interactions R
• OEM conferences  
and events R
• Physical and  
virtual supplier  
briefings M Q R
• Vendor audits M Q R
• Brand protection and 
market growth
• Utilisation of digital 
platforms
• Emphasis on health and 
safety
• Evolving customer 
demands driven by 
emissions reduction 
goals
• Supply of inventories
• Achieve OEM performance targets and adhere to OEM 
best practices and guidelines
• Leverage best-in-class digital platforms to engage with 
customers and suppliers
• Uphold ongoing initiatives to reinforce health and safety 
measures
• Engage in regular dialogues with OEMs and continuous 
discussion on business development opportunities with 
local industries through the vendor development 
programme (VDP)
• Build long-term trust and loyalty with the VDP
• Invest in technology and systems to deliver operational 
efficiencies
• Expand product offerings in line with customer demand 
and market conditions
• Practise supply chain sustainability to increase industry 
collective capability and promote local suppliers
• Representation on 
OEM’s dealer advisory 
boards, councils and 
committees
• Uninterrupted supply 
chain and high-quality 
assurance
• Quick response rate of 
after-sales service and 
backend support
• OEM dealer rankings
• Performance in OEM 
dealer excellence 
programmes
• Performance across 
customer satisfaction, 
market share and 
operational efficiency
• Recognition or awards 
received from OEMs
• Number of discounts 
and rebates from 
suppliers
• Established robust 
brand presence in 
regions of operation
• Communicated the 
Group’s value 
proposition through 
brand and product 
engagement
• Promotion of 
energy-efficient and 
advanced technology 
offerings
• Enhanced brand 
reputation and 
customer satisfaction 
levels
• Committed to drive 
operational 
excellence initiatives 
across all our 
dealerships
• Continued growth of 
our businesses and 
increased market 
share
• Maintained a 
portfolio of world-
leading brands
• Achieved market 
share growth, 
profitable 
operations, 
dealership 
expansion and 
expanded product 
offerings
• Sustained brand 
relevance and 
customer loyalty 
through growing 
sophistication of 
product and 
service offerings
• Grew our 
geographical 
footprint through 
new and existing 
partnerships
• Failure to 
effectively 
communicate our 
value proposition 
through brand and 
product 
engagement
• Risk of safety 
incidents, legal 
liabilities and 
reputational 
damage
• Disruption in the 
supply chain
• Changing 
consumer 
behaviour and 
competitive 
market conditions
• Ability to 
represent a 
broader range of 
offerings in 
response to 
customer demand 
and complex 
operating 
environment
• Positioning our 
business as a 
leader in 
sustainable 
product offerings
• Growth in key 
industries and 
sectors leading to 
expansion and 
increased market 
share
Capitals:
   
Material Matters:
1
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
1
 
1
 
2
3
 
4
 
1
 
3
SDGs:
    
   
INVESTORS
Our investors 
provide access to 
capital and with our 
track record built on 
trust, it enables us 
to deliver optimal 
returns.
• Analyst briefings Q
• Roadshows  Q
• Investor conferences Q
• Investor meetings R
• Rapidly evolving 
automotive trends with 
growing uncertainty 
surrounding internal 
combustion engine (ICE) 
models, hybrid vehicles, 
electric vehicles (EVs) 
and hydrogen fuel cells 
pose a risk to our 
investments
• Impact of business 
arising from China’s 
economic and 
geopolitical landscape
• Impact of ESG factors 
within the industrial 
mining operations
• Adapt to consumer preferences
• Diversify into new brand portfolio covering EVs, ICE 
vehicles and hybrids
• Continue to monitor the market and manage overheads
• Reduce our environmental footprint through innovation 
and digitalisation
• Total shareholders 
return (TSR)
• Return on equity (ROE)
• Percentage of foreign 
shareholders invested 
in Sime Darby
• Achieved a higher 
stock price, enabling 
enhanced returns to 
retail and 
institutional investors
• Good dividend yield
• Maintained a 
prominent 
position in the 
Malaysian 
business 
community, 
consistently 
ranking within the 
top 30 of the 
Kuala Lumpur 
Composite Index 
(KLCI)
• Access to the 
capital markets
• Failure to 
communicate our 
plans will result in 
weak share price 
performance, 
resulting in higher 
cost of capital
• Broadening our 
investor base to 
foreign 
shareholders 
(Australian, 
Japanese etc.)
Capitals:
   
Material Matters:
1
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
1
 
1
 
2
 
3
4
 
3
SDGs:
    
   
COMMUNITY
Building stronger 
connections within 
our communities is 
our priority. We 
nurture community 
wellbeing by 
organising impactful 
projects, 
strengthening 
community 
connections and 
empowering 
sustainable 
development.
• Technical and  
vocational  
training 
D W R
• Community 
development 
programmes
  D M Q A
• Donation drives Q A
• Impact of operations on 
community and 
environment
• Support for 
development of local 
communities
• Employment/job 
creation
• Assist our communities through training and financial 
support
• Offer disaster relief support both locally and globally
• Increase environmental conservation efforts
• Introduce fundraising activities
• Provide basic needs/infrastructure, as well as 
humanitarian aid (caused by poverty/natural disasters)
• Run health and safety awareness campaigns
• Collaborate on community partnerships in support of 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI)
• Provide programmes such as scholarships and bursaries, 
Learning Aid Assistance, skills training and other 
awareness programmes
• Prioritise environmental preservation and conservation 
initiatives, such as reduce, reuse and recycle
• Total investments 
made and the number 
of beneficiaries 
impacted
• Financial resources 
allocated and the 
tangible benefits 
realised by the 
community
• Community 
participation and 
positive response to 
community 
programmes
• Enhanced quality of 
life. Relief and 
support during 
disasters or crisis
• Provided avenues for 
academic and 
professional growth
• Created opportunities 
to participate in 
meaningful 
environmental and 
social causes
• Developed 
stronger 
relationships with 
the community
• Improved our 
public visibility, 
reputation and 
brand image as a 
socially 
responsible 
organisation
• Increased talent 
attraction and 
retention
• Ensured long-term 
sustainability for 
the Group that 
empowers 
sustainable 
community 
development
• Reputational 
damage if 
community 
expectations are 
not met or 
delivered
• Resistance from 
local communities 
and partners if 
inadequate 
engagement with 
stakeholders
• Address 
community 
concerns
• Build a positive 
brand image
Capitals:
 
Material Matters:
3
SDGs:
  
Annual Report 2024
PG. 30
Sime Darby Berhad
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND VALUE CREATION

---- Page 33 ----
Why we engage How we engage Key concerns raised Our response How we measure value
Value created for  
stakeholders
Value created for  
Sime Darby Risks Opportunities Link to:
SUPPLIERS/PARTNERS
Our network of 
suppliers expands 
with our operational 
growth. The quality 
of products and 
services impact our 
manufactured 
capital, creating 
mutual benefits and 
fostering growth 
through 
collaborative 
partnerships.
• Caterpillar dealer/
original equipment 
manufacturers (OEM) 
advisory boards and 
leadership  
councils 
M Q A
• Market and  
country level  
meetings M Q A
• Ad-hoc interactions R
• OEM conferences  
and events R
• Physical and  
virtual supplier  
briefings M Q R
• Vendor audits M Q R
• Brand protection and 
market growth
• Utilisation of digital 
platforms
• Emphasis on health and 
safety
• Evolving customer 
demands driven by 
emissions reduction 
goals
• Supply of inventories
• Achieve OEM performance targets and adhere to OEM 
best practices and guidelines
• Leverage best-in-class digital platforms to engage with 
customers and suppliers
• Uphold ongoing initiatives to reinforce health and safety 
measures
• Engage in regular dialogues with OEMs and continuous 
discussion on business development opportunities with 
local industries through the vendor development 
programme (VDP)
• Build long-term trust and loyalty with the VDP
• Invest in technology and systems to deliver operational 
efficiencies
• Expand product offerings in line with customer demand 
and market conditions
• Practise supply chain sustainability to increase industry 
collective capability and promote local suppliers
• Representation on 
OEM’s dealer advisory 
boards, councils and 
committees
• Uninterrupted supply 
chain and high-quality 
assurance
• Quick response rate of 
after-sales service and 
backend support
• OEM dealer rankings
• Performance in OEM 
dealer excellence 
programmes
• Performance across 
customer satisfaction, 
market share and 
operational efficiency
• Recognition or awards 
received from OEMs
• Number of discounts 
and rebates from 
suppliers
• Established robust 
brand presence in 
regions of operation
• Communicated the 
Group’s value 
proposition through 
brand and product 
engagement
• Promotion of 
energy-efficient and 
advanced technology 
offerings
• Enhanced brand 
reputation and 
customer satisfaction 
levels
• Committed to drive 
operational 
excellence initiatives 
across all our 
dealerships
• Continued growth of 
our businesses and 
increased market 
share
• Maintained a 
portfolio of world-
leading brands
• Achieved market 
share growth, 
profitable 
operations, 
dealership 
expansion and 
expanded product 
offerings
• Sustained brand 
relevance and 
customer loyalty 
through growing 
sophistication of 
product and 
service offerings
• Grew our 
geographical 
footprint through 
new and existing 
partnerships
• Failure to 
effectively 
communicate our 
value proposition 
through brand and 
product 
engagement
• Risk of safety 
incidents, legal 
liabilities and 
reputational 
damage
• Disruption in the 
supply chain
• Changing 
consumer 
behaviour and 
competitive 
market conditions
• Ability to 
represent a 
broader range of 
offerings in 
response to 
customer demand 
and complex 
operating 
environment
• Positioning our 
business as a 
leader in 
sustainable 
product offerings
• Growth in key 
industries and 
sectors leading to 
expansion and 
increased market 
share
Capitals:
   
Material Matters:
1
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
1
 
1
 
2
3
 
4
 
1
 
3
SDGs:
    
   
INVESTORS
Our investors 
provide access to 
capital and with our 
track record built on 
trust, it enables us 
to deliver optimal 
returns.
• Analyst briefings Q
• Roadshows  Q
• Investor conferences Q
• Investor meetings R
• Rapidly evolving 
automotive trends with 
growing uncertainty 
surrounding internal 
combustion engine (ICE) 
models, hybrid vehicles, 
electric vehicles (EVs) 
and hydrogen fuel cells 
pose a risk to our 
investments
• Impact of business 
arising from China’s 
economic and 
geopolitical landscape
• Impact of ESG factors 
within the industrial 
mining operations
• Adapt to consumer preferences
• Diversify into new brand portfolio covering EVs, ICE 
vehicles and hybrids
• Continue to monitor the market and manage overheads
• Reduce our environmental footprint through innovation 
and digitalisation
• Total shareholders 
return (TSR)
• Return on equity (ROE)
• Percentage of foreign 
shareholders invested 
in Sime Darby
• Achieved a higher 
stock price, enabling 
enhanced returns to 
retail and 
institutional investors
• Good dividend yield
• Maintained a 
prominent 
position in the 
Malaysian 
business 
community, 
consistently 
ranking within the 
top 30 of the 
Kuala Lumpur 
Composite Index 
(KLCI)
• Access to the 
capital markets
• Failure to 
communicate our 
plans will result in 
weak share price 
performance, 
resulting in higher 
cost of capital
• Broadening our 
investor base to 
foreign 
shareholders 
(Australian, 
Japanese etc.)
Capitals:
   
Material Matters:
1
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
1
 
1
 
2
 
3
4
 
3
SDGs:
    
   
COMMUNITY
Building stronger 
connections within 
our communities is 
our priority. We 
nurture community 
wellbeing by 
organising impactful 
projects, 
strengthening 
community 
connections and 
empowering 
sustainable 
development.
• Technical and  
vocational  
training 
D W R
• Community 
development 
programmes
  D M Q A
• Donation drives Q A
• Impact of operations on 
community and 
environment
• Support for 
development of local 
communities
• Employment/job 
creation
• Assist our communities through training and financial 
support
• Offer disaster relief support both locally and globally
• Increase environmental conservation efforts
• Introduce fundraising activities
• Provide basic needs/infrastructure, as well as 
humanitarian aid (caused by poverty/natural disasters)
• Run health and safety awareness campaigns
• Collaborate on community partnerships in support of 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI)
• Provide programmes such as scholarships and bursaries, 
Learning Aid Assistance, skills training and other 
awareness programmes
• Prioritise environmental preservation and conservation 
initiatives, such as reduce, reuse and recycle
• Total investments 
made and the number 
of beneficiaries 
impacted
• Financial resources 
allocated and the 
tangible benefits 
realised by the 
community
• Community 
participation and 
positive response to 
community 
programmes
• Enhanced quality of 
life. Relief and 
support during 
disasters or crisis
• Provided avenues for 
academic and 
professional growth
• Created opportunities 
to participate in 
meaningful 
environmental and 
social causes
• Developed 
stronger 
relationships with 
the community
• Improved our 
public visibility, 
reputation and 
brand image as a 
socially 
responsible 
organisation
• Increased talent 
attraction and 
retention
• Ensured long-term 
sustainability for 
the Group that 
empowers 
sustainable 
community 
development
• Reputational 
damage if 
community 
expectations are 
not met or 
delivered
• Resistance from 
local communities 
and partners if 
inadequate 
engagement with 
stakeholders
• Address 
community 
concerns
• Build a positive 
brand image
Capitals:
 
Material Matters:
3
SDGs:
  
PG. 31


---- Page 34 ----
Material matters cover the Economic, Environmental and Social (EES) 
factors that impact our ability to create long-term value for our 
stakeholders. By understanding the needs, preferences and concerns of our 
stakeholders, we can focus on the issues that are most important to both 
our stakeholders and our business. These material matters directly shape 
our strategies and informed key decisions, ensuring we remain aligned 
with stakeholder expectations and market realities.
MATERIALITY PROCESS
Our materiality process is anchored by a comprehensive materiality assessment conducted every two years, with periodic 
reviews in between to ensure relevance. Last year, we undertook a periodic review to update the list, scope and definitions of 
our material matters. We will be conducting another materiality assessment in FY2025 to ensure our material matters stay 
aligned with our operations, stakeholder views and market changes.
To identify our material matters, we focused on EES factors most relevant to our business, prioritising them through 
stakeholder engagement and internal surveys. We then plotted the materiality matters on a materiality matrix to visualise the 
prioritisation. This approach supports our understanding of the interdependencies that exist among EES factors.
MATERIALITY MATRIX
Our Materiality Matrix, as developed in FY2023 and reviewed in FY2024, maps out 17 material matters that have guided our 
sustainability direction for the past year and will continue to be our guide for the year ahead. They are categorised according 
to Sime Darby’s four Sustainability Themes, reflecting our strategic focus on EES.
1  Review of Market
 We assessed 392 material matters published by our original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), competitors, 
customers, investors and Bursa Malaysia.
2  Analysis of Themes
 We reviewed our previous material matters, Bursa Malaysia’s common sustainability matters and market 
considerations during categorisation. This resulted in the identification of 17 material matters relevant to the Group.
3  Revision of Matters
 Our methodology for identifying, refining, selecting and naming our material matters was presented to the Group 
Management Committee (GMC).
4  Prioritisation
 We engaged with GMC members and senior managers Group-wide to prioritise our material matters.
5  Approval
 The materiality matrix was developed in FY2023 and presented to the GMC, the Risk Management & Sustainability 
Committee (RMSC) and approved by the Board. In FY2024 the periodic review, identifying no changes, was 
presented to the RMSC.
Mapping Our Material Matters
Annual Report 2024
PG. 32
Sime Darby Berhad
MATERIAL MATTERS

---- Page 35 ----
6
2
Sime Darby Berhad’s Materiality Matrix
High
Significance of Sime Darby’s Economic, Environmental and Social Impacts
Influence on Stakeholder Assessments and Decisions
MediumLow High
MediumLow
3
1
2
3
7
1
24
5
4
1
3
1
3
2
6
2
Material Matters by Sustainability Blueprint Themes
1 Climate Change (Including Financial 
Risk & Opportunities) 4 Waste and Effluent Management 6 Health and Safety
2 Energy and Emissions Management 
(Including Renewable Energy)5 Labour Practices 7 Diversity
3 Water Management
Theme 1: Optimising Our Environmental and Social Footprint
1 ESG Oversight, Measurement and 
Reporting 2 Employee Training and Development 3 Community Contributions and 
Development
Theme 2: Inspiring Our Employees to Deliver Meaningful Change
1 Sustainable Product Offering 2 Technology and Innovation 3 Data Privacy and Security
Theme 4: Driving Sustainable Innovation and Technology
1 Customer Satisfaction 3 Business Ethics and Compliance  
(Including Anti-Bribery/Corruption)
2 Business Continuity 4 Responsible Supply Chain
Theme 3: Engaging in Sustainable Partnerships
 For further details on our sustainability initiatives and achievements, please refer to the Creating Sustainability Value section on pages 66 to 92 of this 
report.
PG. 33


---- Page 36 ----
Overview
Despite the government’s projection of 4%, Malaysia’s growth was subdued at 3.7% in 2023 due to weaker external demand 
and following the strong growth of 8.7% in 2022. However, in the first half (1H) of 2024, Malaysia’s GDP growth was 5.1% and 
is expected to meet the government’s official forecast range of 4%-5% for the year, with the Ringgit expected to appreciate to 
RM4.43 against the US Dollar at the end of 2024. Inflation eased in 2023 in line with other regional economies. The Malaysian 
automotive total industry volume (TIV) rose to an all-time high of close to 800,000 units in 2023, with analysts and the Malaysian 
Automotive Association (MAA) initially forecasting a drop in 2024. Nonetheless, TIV figures as at June 2024 are recorded to 
show vehicle sales to be 7% higher than the corresponding period last year.
Impact
The strong consumer growth in the automotive sector benefitted Toyota and Perodua which recorded healthy sales 
volumes. In Malaysia, the Motors Division also benefitted from the robust demand leading to significant growth in BYD and 
Ford businesses. As for our Industrial Division, foreign direct investment (FDI) flows aided the construction and data centre 
segments, leading to increased equipment demand.
Future Prospects
Risks to the Malaysian economy include weaker than expected global growth, lower commodity prices and escalation of 
geopolitical conflicts. Nevertheless, Malaysia has attracted billions in data centre-related investments, totalling RM76 
billion from 2021 to 2023. The country also stands to benefit from the ‘China Plus One’ strategy, where foreign companies 
have shifted manufacturing facilities out of China to geopolitically neutral locations like Malaysia to diversity their footprint. 
In addition, the automotive market performed well for the first seven months of 2024, increasing 7% from the same period 
in 2023, on the back of a stronger economy, wider selection of vehicles, aggressive promotional strategies and a healthy 
backlog of orders.
Sime Darby is a diversified Asia Pacific multinational company, with the 
Group’s Malaysia operations being the largest revenue contributor at 
29% following the acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad (UMW). China 
and Australia remain key markets, contributing 26% and 33% to the 
Group’s overall revenue respectively. This geographic diversification has 
helped Sime Darby offset challenges in certain markets throughout 
FY2024, particularly the slow recovery of China’s economy. On the 
other hand, Malaysia’s automotive sector, which benefited from a 
resilient economy and Australia’s mining sector driven by high 
commodity prices, provided support.
MALAYSIA
Annual Report 2024
PG. 34
Sime Darby Berhad
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
GLOBAL ECONOMIC INDUSTRY REVIEW & OUTLOOK

---- Page 37 ----
Overview
Australia’s economy has continued to face challenges due to inflation, with only 0.1% growth in Q2 2024 following an economic 
slowdown in 2023. Excluding 2020, which was impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic, annual growth was the slowest since 1991 
when Australia experienced a recession. Inflation will remain high due to a tighter labour market and higher petrol prices. With 
more interest rate hikes and weaker consumer spending, this will likely slow the economy further in 2024.
Australian resources and energy export earnings are estimated to have declined by about 10% in 2023-2024 to AU$417 billion 
from AU$466 billion in 2022-2023, reflecting the decrease in bulk commodity prices and the rise in the AUD/USD exchange rate, 
as the world economic growth remains soft. Despite commodity price challenges, Australia’s resource export and production 
volumes will continue to see it placed as a dominant force in global mining.
New Zealand’s GDP fell 0.2% in the June 2024 quarter, following a 0.1% increase in the March 2024 quarter.
Overview
China’s GDP growth in 2023 was 5.2%, signalling a challenging economic environment with deflationary pressures. Although 
China’s 1H 2024 GDP growth met the 5% target in Q2 2024, China’s GDP grew at 4.7%. Vehicle prices declined by 4% in 2023, 
reflecting broader economic struggles. Consumer confidence remains low with China’s economy experiencing a real estate 
correction and given that 70% of Chinese wealth is tied up in real estate, this has affected consumption.
Further, in a bid to expand their market share, local OEMs have increased production capacity in China, exacerbating issues of 
oversupply. Domestic demand for cars slowed down amidst the economic downturn, leading to intense price wars. Tesla’s price 
cuts in October 2023 triggered similar moves by BYD, further intensifying competition.
Impact
In spite of the weaker economy, export volumes from our Australasia region continue to be strong, as the price of 
metallurgical coal has remained relatively high. The earnings for the Industrial Division’s Australian operations remained 
robust, boosted by higher product support sales and mining equipment deliveries. Cavpower and Onsite acquisitions also 
contributed to our earnings. However, the slow economic growth has affected demand in our Motors business, particularly 
in used car sales.
Impact
Revenue from China amounted to RM18 billion, making it an important market for us. However, earnings for Motors Division 
have declined despite increased sales volumes due to the price wars and heavy discounting of cars impacting margin. 
Similarly, the construction sector has also slowed due to market recovery, affecting our Industrial Division’s earnings. 
Nonetheless, the Group has undertaken cost optimisation measures to manage the situation.
Future Prospects
Moving forward, Australian resources and energy exports are set to ease after the extraordinary surge of 2022 to 2023. 
Nevertheless, the global energy transition is expected to be a key factor in strengthening demand for commodities. 
A  robust US economy, significant investments in infrastructure and an increase in manufacturing capacity in China as well 
as India’s emergence as a new economic powerhouse suggest an expansion in the demand for resources and commodities.
Future Prospects
Given that China has the world’s largest manufacturing base and one of the strongest consumer markets, it has the 
foundation to stage an economic recovery in the longer term. In the near term, the tepid environment is expected to 
continue with the World Bank predicting that China’s GDP will grow at 4.5% in 2024 and 4.3% in 2025. Nevertheless, 
factors that have previously driven its high growth in GDP (such as real estate and high export volumes) are receding and 
are increasingly being replaced with advanced technological and manufacturing capabilities which are relevant for the 
economy (renewable energy, electric vehicles, batteries). Sime Darby remains committed to the Chinese market and we will 
continue to maintain our operations there whilst implementing initiatives to consolidate our businesses.
AUSTRALASIA
CHINA
PG. 35


---- Page 38 ----
1 HIGH TOTAL INDUSTRY VOLUME (TIV) FOR MALAYSIA
What Happened?
Malaysia achieved a record Total Industry Volume (TIV) of nearly 800,000 units last year, marking a historic milestone as it 
surpassed Thailand for the first time as the second largest automotive market in ASEAN after Indonesia.
This unprecedented growth was driven by strong consumer demand, a robust post-pandemic economic recovery and a more stable 
socio-political environment.
Favourable government incentives, such as the extension of the Sales and Services Tax (SST) exemption and the introduction of 
targeted electric vehicle (EV) incentives, also played a pivotal role in this success. Furthermore, many new model launches, 
including EVs with very competitive prices, significantly propelled vehicle sales.
How Did We Respond?
Our broad product offerings allow us to capitalise on Malaysia’s strong TIV. The UMW acquisition came with mass-market brands, 
Toyota and Perodua, which will effectively capture both entry-level and mid-market segments.
In response to evolving consumer trends, we have diversified our portfolio with a comprehensive lineup of electric and hybrid 
vehicles across all our brands (BMW, Volvo, Hyundai) with BYD leading the way.
What Is Our Outlook?
While we remain cautious about a potential decline in TIV in 2024, after having achieved a “breakthrough year” in 2023, the 
market continues to display strong growth indicators. In fact, the Malaysian Automotive Association (MAA) raised TIV 
forecast to 765k units (from 740k initially) on the back of the strong momentum. We are cautiously optimistic that the 
automotive industry will maintain its momentum, buoyed by steady economic growth, high employment rates, a favourable 
interest rate environment and a robust order backlog.
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
TIV 604,281 529,514 508,883 721,177 799,731
PV 550,177 480,971 452,486 642,157 719,160
CV 54,104 48,543 56,397 79,020 80,571
CHART 1 :  Total Industry Volume Trend from 2019 to 2023
100,000
200,000
300,000
400,000
500,000
600,000
700,000
800,000
900,000
0
Unit
604,281
529,514 508,883
721,177
799,731
550,177 
480,971 452,486
642,157
719,160
54,104 48,543 56,397 79,020 80,571
Commercial Vehicle (CV)Passenger Vehicle (PV)Total Industry Volume (TIV)
UMWT
Perodua
Others
UMW Toyota and Perodua market share
2019
293,931
240,341
70,009
2020
249,951
220,163
59,320
2021
246,193
190,291
72,391
2022
338,123
101,035
282,019
2023
361,299
108,107
330,325
0
100,000
200,000
300,000
400,000
500,000
600,000
700,000
800,000
900,000
11.6%
39.8%
11.2%
41.6%
14.2%
37.4%
14.0%
39.1%
13.5%
41.3%
Source: MAA 2023 Slides-TIV trend from 2019 to 2023 – Paul Tan 
Source: Malaysian Automotive Association
Annual Report 2024
PG. 36
Sime Darby Berhad
KEY MARKET TRENDS
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

---- Page 39 ----
1 HIGH TOTAL INDUSTRY VOLUME (TIV) FOR MALAYSIA (continued)
What Happened?
Source:  https://www.thestar.com.my/business/business-news/2024/06/14/kenanga-research-raises-automotive-sectors-2024-tiv-projection-to-740000-units 
https://www.maa.org.my/pdf/2024/pressreleaseformay2024.pdf
What Happened?
After a surge of EV volumes globally for the past two years, EV demand appears to be moderating slightly, while hybrids are 
gaining traction. In China, half of all new energy vehicle sales are hybrids, which shows that preference for powertrains continue 
to evolve.
Further, we observe that the dealership model continues to remain relevant. Local dealers are able to serve customers better given 
their understanding of specific needs and preferences.
Advances in autonomous driving including shared mobility vehicles are expected to see sizeable scale ups in the coming years, 
which could impact private demand for vehicles.
130%
120%
100%
90%
80%
70%
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%
2023 2024 2026 2027 2028 2030 2035 20402025
Global electric vehicle sales volume growth
20292020 2021 2022
2 SHIFTING CONSUMER BEHAVIOUR IN THE AUTOMOTIVE SECTOR
Source: https://www.goldmansachs.com/infographics/v1/flourish/electric-vehicles-are-forecast/index.html
Actual Forecast in Jan Forecast in July
2023 ACTUAL
799.7
765
MAA
740
HLIB
760
720
Kenanga
740
710
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
PG. 37


---- Page 40 ----
2 SHIFTING CONSUMER BEHAVIOUR IN THE AUTOMOTIVE SECTOR (continued)
How Did We Respond?
Our strategy is to maintain a broad portfolio of brands that can constantly serve the demands of our customers.
This includes a portfolio expansion of brands to cover all powertrains, in anticipation of a multi-pathway future, with continued 
demand for internal combustion engine (ICE), hybrids and electric vehicles. Our broad geographic footprint insulates us from 
shifting market trends as we believe these trends will not happen everywhere, all at once.
Presence along the value chain including manufacturing, after-sales, used cars and fleets, gives us broader profit pools to capitalise 
on and mitigates the impact from changing trends.
What Is Our Outlook?
According to Fitch, vehicle sales are expected to increase by 2% to 3% over 2024 and 2025 (to over 90 million) mainly 
supported by growth in Southeast Asia and India.
Weaker demand is likely in North America and Europe, while Chinese demand is expected to strengthen with aggressive 
promotion from auto makers. Vehicle demand remains solid in 2024 amid expectations of a soft economic landing and 
improved purchasing power due to falling inflation.
However, with shifting trends in digital, electrification and autonomous, we need to continue to stay ahead of the curve.
3 CHALLENGING AUTOMOTIVE BUSINESS IN CHINA
What Happened?
The Chinese automotive market has been rapidly evolving over the past decade. Although sales have increased over the last few 
years, margins are declining due to overproduction and intense competition leading to discounting among auto players.
7.00
(%)
6.50
6.00
5.50
5.00
202020192018 2021 2022 2023
Average proﬁt margin in China
Source: https://www.reuters.com/business/autos-transportation/chinas-auto-workers-bear-brunt-price-war-fallout-widens-2023-09-05/
Annual Report 2024
PG. 38
Sime Darby Berhad
KEY MARKET TRENDS
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

---- Page 41 ----
3 CHALLENGING AUTOMOTIVE BUSINESS IN CHINA (continued)
4 ROBUST COMMODITY PRICES & THE ENERGY TRANSITION
What Happened?
What Happened? (continued)
How Did We Respond?
Additionally, rising debt levels and a real estate correction have led to low consumer sentiment, resulting in a subdued environment.
What Is Our Outlook?
We remain long-term bullish on the China market, recognising its status as a major manufacturing hub for the world, its strong 
business ecosystem and vast pool of skilled labour. China has also established itself as a technology leader (in EVs, renewable 
energy and generative AI) and the world’s largest consumer market.
The government has introduced new policies to support the automotive sector, including subsidies of up to RMB20,000 
(US$2,800) for consumers trading in older, less eco-friendly vehicles for new, energy-efficient models. Beijing has also relaxed 
auto loan requirements and is running campaigns to promote EVs in smaller cities and rural areas.
Overall, while challenges remain, these supportive measures and investments reflect a commitment to overcoming the 
downturn and stimulating the automotive market in China.
202220212020
5.4
2.9 1.1
2023
6.7
6M2024
3.0
BEV Sales In China
Sales Volume (mil) unit
202220212020
26.926.325.3
2023
30.1
6M2024
14.0
China New Vehicle Sales
Sales Volume (mil) unit
China is an important market to Sime Darby, but in view of the economic slowdown, we are consolidating our position in China to 
enhance operational efficiency and implement cost rationalisation initiatives.
We will also explore capitalising on the growing sales of new-energy vehicles (NEVs) and have taken new brands, such as XPENG, 
BYD and Li Auto into our portfolio, to move with consumer demand.
Additionally, we are working with our principals to navigate the situation and seek solutions in the market. China remains an 
important region for them as it is the largest automotive market in the world and we will invest alongside them.
Further, we leveraged our operations in other markets in Asia Pacific to cushion the negative impact from China operations.
As the world economy improves in 1H 2024 with more 
infrastructure spending globally, demand for commodities has 
remained elevated. Iron ore prices have remained above US$100 
a tonne, while the demand and price of metallurgical coal has 
been relatively steady after a price surge in early 2024.
As the energy transition accelerates, demand for critical minerals 
will intensify. Projections from the United Nations Trade and 
Development (UNTAD) and the International Energy Agency 
suggest that by 2050, lithium demand could increase by over 
1,500%, with similar rises expected for nickel, cobalt and 
copper, on the back of heightened demand for battery materials.
0
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
Australian mid-vol Premium Hard Coking Coal
Metallurgical coal price /f_luctuations, 2018-2024
May - Dec 21
Post Covid 
recovery surge
Feb 22
Russia invades 
Ukraine
Feb 23
Australia supply disruptions 
and fuel switching into 
thermal markets Sep 23
Australia supply 
disruptions from 
truck sliding
Jan - Feb 24
Australia supply 
delays from 
cyclones
Source: China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM) via www.marklines.com
Source:  https://www.industry.gov.au/publications/resources-and-energy-quarterly-
june-2024
PG. 39


---- Page 42 ----
4 ROBUST COMMODITY PRICES & THE ENERGY TRANSITION (continued)
What Happened? (continued)
Copper prices have also trended higher, averaging around US$9,700 per tonne from January to June 2024. This increase reflects 
robust global demand, driven by ongoing infrastructure investments from both governments and the private sector.
Strong commodity prices have translated to high equipment spending and after-sales from our customers resulting in our Industrial 
Division achieving another year of positive financial results.
Our Cavpower acquisition has significantly bolstered our presence in South Australia, a region vital for copper and abundant in 
other critical minerals like lithium. The market is set to receive over AU$21 billion in infrastructure investments over the next four 
years, underscoring its strategic significance to Australia.
With the Onsite acquisition, we have broadened our equipment rental services to complement our existing Salmon rental 
equipment business, allowing us to expand geographically in Australia.
What Is Our Outlook?
Global steelmaking has a healthier outlook in 2024 globally, as new infrastructure investment increases and the property 
sector recovers in China. This will support the construction sector and therefore steel and iron ore demand in the near future. 
As a result, Australian iron ore export volumes are forecasted to increase by 2.3% annually over the next two years.
The global transition away from fossil fuels highlights the 
ongoing need for substantial quantities of materials such 
as lithium, cobalt and copper.
To meet the 2030 net-zero emission targets, the industry 
will need to develop more production capacity. The 
required investment from 2022 to 2030 is estimated 
between US$360 billion and US$450 billion. This fresh 
demand is expected to provide support for prices.
9,477
8,476
9,692 
8,3877,742
2020 2021 2022 2023 Jun-2024
Strong Demand for Copper
Copper price/mt (USD)
How Did We Respond?
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
0
Index
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
0
Index
20082004200019961992 2012 2016 2020 2024
IMF All commodity price index
Real base = June 2012, de/f_lated by US CPI
Aggregate Commodity Prices*
Index, 1990s average = 100
Nominal prices
Real prices**
Averange
(2000-2020)
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
0
Japan South
Korea
China Taiwan India EU28
Metallurgical coal imports
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024f 2025f 2026f
Source: Bloomberg
Source:  https://www.business.hsbc.com.au/en-au/insights/global-research/
commodities-upswing-underway
Source:  https://www.industry.gov.au/publications/resources-and-energy-quarterly-
june-2024
Annual Report 2024
PG. 40
Sime Darby Berhad
KEY MARKET TRENDS
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

---- Page 43 ----
FY2024 was a year of growth and opportunities for Sime Darby, as we expanded our presence in key markets and diversified our 
portfolio with new businesses that align with our strategic vision. We also leveraged on the potential of generative artificial 
intelligence (AI) and other technological innovations to enhance our business processes and services. In addition, we navigated 
through various challenges in the macroeconomic and geopolitical landscape, such as the sluggish recovery of China and New 
Zealand, the disruption of global supply chain and freight services and the intense market competition in the automotive industry, 
where consumers increasingly demand for more sustainable products such as hybrids and battery electric vehicles (BEVs).
Furthermore, the key risk trends observed in FY2024 include:
Throughout the year, the Group has implemented several initiatives to strengthen the focus on risk and compliance across the 
business. This includes enhancements to governance tools, infrastructure and processes, positioning governance as a crucial 
support for Sime Darby’s growth. These measures ensure robust “checks and balances” mechanisms and enhance resilience 
against global risks and unforeseen events.
 For more details of of these initiatives, please refer to the Risk Management & Sustainability Committee (RMSC) Report on pages 131 to 136 of this report.
On the geopolitical front, uncertain bilateral relations have impacted the global economy and 
disrupted worldwide supply chains. Key events such as the Russian-Ukraine, Israel-Hamas, China-
Taiwan and the Red Sea conflicts as well as the upcoming US presidential elections, have wide-
ranging impacts that could directly or indirectly affect our business.
In terms of macroeconomic risks, most of our key markets have registered higher economy 
growth with the exception of China and New Zealand. China’s economy was largely subdued due 
to challenges in the property sector and rising government debt, which in turn, contributed to 
weaker demand for New Zealand’s exports.
The global push for sustainability is accelerating decarbonisation efforts, with net-zero goals, 
incentives and renewable energy becoming increasingly prominent. While this transition presents 
challenges for our business, it also offers opportunities in clean energy ventures. The rising focus 
on ESG has intensified scrutiny of sustainability and climate-related disclosures, leading to higher 
compliance costs for corporations.
While technology and AI are transforming business processes, they also introduce issues like 
misinformation. Increasing cybersecurity threats and tactics like hacking and deepfakes could 
exploit digital vulnerabilities, spreading biased narratives further. The advent of cybersecurity 
threats also leads to more regulatory scrutiny on data privacy and data sovereignty across our key 
markets.
PG. 41
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT

---- Page 44 ----
GROUP’S TOP 10 RISKS
Amid a landscape of geopolitical tensions, economic shifts and technological advances, 10 key risks stand out as significant to 
our business. We have taken specific actions to manage these risks, aiming to mitigate their impact and sustain our business. 
The following outlines these critical areas and the measures taken to ensure we achieve our goals, enhance profitability and 
sustain our growth aspirations.
Risk Trend: 1 MARKET DYNAMICS
Risk Trend: 2 BUSINESS PARTNERS
DESCRIPTION
The Group faces 
macroeconomic, geopolitical 
uncertainties and pricing 
competition in our key 
markets, i.e. Malaysia, 
Australia and China.
DESCRIPTION
The Group’s trading operations 
are primarily dependent on 
key principals and business 
partners, whose decisions and 
actions can adversely affect 
our dealership’s performance.
IMPACT
• Economic downturns, currency 
fluctuations, political instability 
and trade tensions in key 
markets can affect consumer 
spending and demand, affecting 
the Group’s revenue and 
profitability.
• These factors may also intensify 
pricing pressures and 
competition, potentially 
squeezing margins and leading 
to loss of market share.
IMPACT
• The potential loss of key 
principals could significantly 
impact our financial position and 
disrupt revenue streams, though 
strong relationships and a 
positive performance history 
help to mitigate this risk.
• Operational disruptions or 
supply chain issues with our 
partners could delay product 
delivery and affect overall 
revenue.
• Aerospace business faces 
increased risk due to its heavy 
reliance on a single customer for 
revenue.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• Continuously monitor geopolitical and 
macroeconomic developments to identify and 
mitigate systemic risks, adjusting strategies as 
needed.
• Align investment strategies with the Group’s risk 
appetite, diversifying to prevent over-
concentration in any single industry or region 
and ensuring balanced exposure.
• Strengthen relationships with principals and 
leverage customer insights to enhance product 
offerings and price competitiveness, bolstering 
our competitive edge.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• Maintain regular communication with principals 
to align business goals and address issues 
promptly, ensuring mutual expectations are met.
• Focus on meeting targets and requirements set 
by principals to sustain strong relationships and 
secure ongoing support.
• Diversify business operations to reduce reliance 
on key principals while reinforcing existing 
relationships to enhance overall resilience.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 42
Sime Darby Berhad
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT

---- Page 45 ----
Risk Trend: 4 MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS
Risk Trend: 5 PRODUCT, SERVICE AND DELIVERY
DESCRIPTION
The Group faces potential 
adverse consequences from 
mergers or acquisitions that 
may impact the Group’s 
achievement of goals. This risk 
includes challenges during the 
acquisition process and post 
transaction integration, 
affecting operational efficiency 
and strategic alignment.
DESCRIPTION
The Group’s business is highly 
dependent on the availability 
of products, the timeliness of 
supply deliveries and the 
quality of the products and 
services we deliver to our 
customers. We also rely 
heavily on our principals for a 
steady and reliable supply 
chain.
IMPACT
Failure to achieve expected 
financial returns from mergers or 
acquisitions can harm the Group’s 
performance and shareholder 
value. Poor integration of acquired 
entities with Sime Darby’s culture 
and systems may lead to strategic 
misalignment, cultural clashes and 
operational inefficiencies.
IMPACT
Extended product delivery times 
could lead to penalties, order 
cancellations and missed customer 
expectations. This disruption may 
also cause us to lose market share 
to competitors that can offer 
shorter and more reliable delivery 
times.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• The Board and Management oversee and approve 
key acquisitions and divestments, adhering to 
governance and policy guidelines to manage risks 
and align with strategic objectives.
• Implement a robust risk assessment framework 
for thorough due diligence and evaluation of 
potential investments, incorporating 
comprehensive risk management strategies.
• Form dedicated integration teams for major 
acquisitions to ensure smooth assimilation of 
acquired entities, addressing integration 
challenges and aligning with Sime Darby’s 
culture, systems and processes.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• Maintain regular communication with principals 
to optimise inventory management and closely 
monitor delivery schedules, implementing 
strategic approaches to handle potential supply 
disruptions effectively.
• Focus on contractual delivery dates when 
accepting customer orders, considering stock 
availability and original equipment manufacturer 
(OEM) schedules and implement strategies to 
mitigate risks associated with delivery delays.
• Negotiate terms that include force majeure 
clauses in sales agreements to manage risks 
related to liquidated damages.
Risk Trend: 3 DISRUPTION
DESCRIPTION
The Group’s automotive 
segment faces disruptions 
from electrification, 
autonomous driving and 
agency sales model impacting 
business models and product 
offerings.
IMPACT
Rising demand for EVs in key 
markets gives pressure on the 
after-sales business due to 
reduced service requirements and 
the specialised skills needed. 
However, our EV business has 
shown an upward trajectory 
specifically in Singapore, Malaysia, 
Australia and Hong Kong, which 
shows potential in the EV 
segment.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• Adapt our offerings, supply chains and customer 
engagement strategies to remain competitive 
and relevant amid evolving market conditions.
• Strengthen manufacturer partnerships, enhance 
service capabilities and diversify revenue streams 
to effectively address market disruptions.
• Develop a robust network of EV charging stations 
with reliable service providers and explore growth 
opportunities and future-proof the automotive 
sector.
PG. 43


---- Page 46 ----
Risk Trend: 6 HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT
Risk Trend: 7 CYBERSECURITY
DESCRIPTION
The Group is susceptible to 
operational hazards, 
environmental issues and 
climate change challenges, 
exacerbated by global 
sustainability pressures. These 
risks also affect our 
employees, exposing them to 
potential accidents, health 
risks and environmental 
hazards.
DESCRIPTION
The Group faces significant 
cybersecurity risks such as 
data breaches, ransomware 
and other digital threats that 
could compromise operations 
and data integrity. 
Unaddressed vulnerabilities 
and cyberattacks underscore 
the need for robust 
cybersecurity measures.
IMPACT
Health issues can reduce 
productivity and increase 
absenteeism. Safety incidents may 
lead to injuries, legal liabilities and 
low morale. Environmental 
disruptions such as natural 
disasters can cause operational 
downtime, financial losses and 
reputational damage, affecting 
trust, market share and long-term 
performance.
IMPACT
As the Group expands and adopts 
advanced digital technologies, 
cybersecurity threats could 
increase, leading to severe data 
breaches, operational disruptions 
and financial losses. This could 
erode trust among principals and 
customers, damaging the Group’s 
reputation and market position.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• Implement standardised HSE management 
processes across all business units for consistent 
and effective risk management.
• Establish a comprehensive safety programme to 
promote a strong safety culture, with targeted 
initiatives for leadership and employees to 
prioritise safety at all levels.
• Regular health and safety assessments, 
supplemented by an audit programme, are 
conducted across all business divisions, with 
corrective action plans promptly implemented to 
address any identified issues and to continuously 
improve safety standards.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• Implement key cybersecurity measures like data 
centre monitoring, data loss prevention and an 
expanded Security Operations Centre (SOC).
• Conduct annual tests of the Disaster Recovery 
Centre and maintain robust IT Disaster Recovery 
and Cyber Incident Response Plans.
• Organise IT security training, vulnerability 
assessments and phishing exercises to bolster 
cyber defences.
Risk Trend: 8 ESG – CLIMATE CHANGE
DESCRIPTION
The Group is exposed to 
different aspects of climate-
related risks given its wide and 
diverse geographical presence, 
including physical and 
transition risks.
IMPACT
• The shift to cleaner energy has 
increased compliance scrutiny in 
the mining industry. However, 
this has created more 
opportunities, as cleaner 
equipment options are part of 
our offering to clients.
• The rise of renewable energy 
poses a risk to older fossil fuel 
technologies/ICE vehicles but 
offers us an opportunity to 
adapt and capitalise on the 
expanding EV market.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• Work with professional consultants to undertake 
a climate change scenario analysis, identifying 
key physical and transition risks to our 
operations, ensuring our strategies align with 
emerging regulatory requirements and industry 
best practices.
• Develop a comprehensive “Climate Change Risk 
Assessment Guideline” for identifying and 
managing climate-related risks across the Group.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 44
Sime Darby Berhad
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT

---- Page 47 ----
Risk Trend:
Increased Trend
Higher risk exposure due to advent of 
material factors, events or incidences 
that could have wide-ranging/systematic 
impact on the business
Unchanged
Risk exposure remains unchanged. 
Status of risk factors, events or 
incidences remain largely status quo
Decreased Trend
Lower risk exposure due to positive/
favourable outcome of risk events
Risk Trend: 10 REGULATORY COMPLIANCE
DESCRIPTION
The Group is susceptible to 
changes in the regulatory 
landscape across its markets, 
which may lead to higher 
compliance costs, increased 
scrutiny and the risk of 
breaching legal or regulatory 
requirements.
IMPACT
• Advent of more stringent 
regulatory regimes such as data 
sovereignty, anti-bribery and 
anti-corruption, anti-competition 
and modern slavery across our 
key markets.
• Non-compliance with these laws 
and regulations could result in 
financial penalties, operational 
disruptions, financial instability, 
tarnished reputation, eroded 
trust and strained partnerships 
and lack of investor confidence.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• Implement a comprehensive regulatory 
compliance programme to ensure adherence to 
legal requirements and high standards.
• Conduct training and awareness initiatives to 
foster a culture of compliance and staying 
informed about regulatory changes.
• Establish continuous monitoring and review 
mechanisms to adapt to evolving regulations and 
promptly address issues.
Risk Trend: 9 PEOPLE
DESCRIPTION
The Group is susceptible to 
talent shortage, risking gaps in 
the skills, knowledge and 
expertise needed to execute 
strategies, support daily 
operations and ensure 
effective service delivery.
IMPACT
Insufficient skilled talent across 
the Group’s operations could lead 
to operational inefficiencies, 
impeding the smooth execution of 
critical business processes and 
potentially reducing productivity.
KEY MITIGATION MEASURES
• Implement comprehensive talent management 
strategies, with a strong emphasis on succession 
planning as a key KPI to ensure leadership 
continuity.
• Conduct ongoing training and development 
programmes to enhance skills and support 
growth.
• Use targeted apprenticeship programmes to 
develop future tradespeople for long-term 
growth.
PG. 45


---- Page 48 ----
GROUP’S RISK APPETITE STATEMENT
The Risk Appetite Statement defines the level of risk appetite that the Group is prepared to accept in pursuit of its strategic 
objectives. This statement is approved by the Board and guides the Management of our top 10 risks, ensuring alignment with 
the Group’s overall strategy.
In FY2024, the RMSC monitored adherence to the risk appetite statement and advised management on strategies to maintain 
risk exposures within the risk tolerance limits. This involved recommending measures to address certain breaches related to a 
significant Health, Safety & Environment incident.
 For more details on the incident, please refer to the Creating Sustainable Value section on page 79 of this report.
Geographical Exposure
We will pursue investments in key markets, but cautious in 
over-concentrating our investments in a single country or 
region, especially in countries with high macroeconomic, 
geopolitical and bribery & corruption risks.
Mergers & Acquisitions
We have low tolerance for investments that may adversely 
impact the Group’s financial position and reputation.
We seek to avoid investing in businesses with high 
transaction multiples that could dilute our earnings.
Regulatory Compliance
We will comply with the legislations within the jurisdictions 
we operate; and have no tolerance for significant non-
compliances of regulations.
Cybersecurity
We will limit and mitigate the impact of cyber risk 
exposure on our business operations.
Brand and Reputation
We have low appetite for risks that will adversely affect 
our market position, impact our brand and reputation.
Principals
We acknowledge the risk of being highly dependent on our 
key principals; and will avoid any situation or action that 
may adversely impact our relationship with them.
Ethics & Integrity
We have zero tolerance for any breaches of Sime Darby’s 
Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption Policy.
Health, Safety and Environment
We will manage and minimise risks that may compromise 
the health, safety and environment of our employees, 
partners and local communities in our areas of operations.
Sectoral Exposure
We will continue to seek opportunities for diversification 
to spread concentration risk, but we will avoid the risk of 
over-diversifying our core trading business.
Disruption
We will seek to minimise the risk of technological and 
business disruption by intensifying our digital proofing 
strategies.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 46
Sime Darby Berhad
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT

---- Page 49 ----
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
To maximise the potential of our businesses, we emphasise resource management, productivity enhancement, cost optimisation and 
profit margin improvement, as we continuously strive to enhance our operations.
• Enhance returns and efficiencies
• Manage working capital
• Allocate capital effectively
• Promote digitalisation
• Integrate acquisitions effectively
• Drive portfolio rationalisation
We prioritise continuous improvement, by ensuring our 
businesses are run efficiently in terms of profitability, margins, 
overheads and working capital. Rationalising our non-core units 
has helped capital and improve returns. This also involves 
maintaining high employee productivity and effective working 
capital management to control operating costs.
Key Priorities Resource Allocation
• Profitability & Working Capital: Focus on increasing 
profitability and optimising working capital turns across core 
businesses.
– Push into higher margin businesses such as after-sales and 
used cars, achieving an after-sales retention rate of 87.1% 
and increasing our used car sales volumes to 32,280 sales, 
up 17.6% from FY2023.
– Reduced inventory turnover from 179 to 162 days for the 
Industrial Division and from 70 to 68 days for the Motors 
Division following the implementation of cost optimisation 
initiatives.
• Acquisition Integration: Drive successful execution of merger 
integration plans for new acquisitions, ensuring they deliver 
improved returns.
– Continuous integration of recent acquisitions (UMW, 
Cavpower and Onsite) to ensure alignment in processes, 
policies, strategy and culture.
• Portfolio & Business Review: Evaluate businesses within our 
portfolio to ensure alignment with the Group’s direction.
– Successful divestment of Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care 
for a significant gain on disposal of RM2 billion.
– UMW has a high quality portfolio of brands and we will 
assess the portfolio to determine alignment with Sime 
Darby’s portfolio.
• Productivity Enhancement & Cost Optimisation:  Utilise 
resources efficiently throughout the Group.
• Return on Equity (Core ROE): 7.2%*
• Long-term Core ROE target: 11%
* Shortfall mainly due to heavy discounting in China, impacting Motors 
China’s vehicle margins and earnings.
FY2024 Initiatives
Outlook
FY2024 Achievements
Our immediate focus is on vigilant inventory management, cost 
optimisation and seamless acquisition integration. We will 
concentrate on integrating our recent acquisitions to ensure a 
smooth and rapid transition into the Group whilst maintaining 
a disciplined approach to debt repayment. We will continuously 
strive to increase our ROE by improving margins, reducing 
overheads, divesting low-return businesses and engaging with 
regulators to support sustained business growth and 
operational excellence.
5-YEAR STRATEGY MASTERPLAN FY2024-FY2028
FY2024 marks the first year of the newly developed 5-Year Strategy Masterplan, a roadmap designed to propel Sime Darby into 
a future of sustained growth and profitability. This strategic blueprint is made up of three pillars:
Operational Excellence
 Growing the Core
 Future Ready
Our purpose is to deliver the best products and solutions that move and develop Asia Pacific. The acquisition of UMW, Onsite 
and Cavpower will further enable us to expand our capabilities across our entire value chain, bringing us closer to our vision of 
becoming the leading Motors and Industrial player in Asia Pacific.
Our Capitals Key Risks Material Matters Stakeholders
   4  5  9 1
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
1
 
2
 
1
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
1
 
2
 
3
    
PG. 47
OUR 5-YEAR STRATEGY MASTERPLAN

---- Page 50 ----
GROWING THE CORE
To grow our core businesses with new and existing brands, expand into new markets to promote geographical diversification for our 
portfolio and strengthen our capabilities across the value chain.
• Grow with principals as their ‘strategic partner’
• Market expansion and geographical diversification
• Expand adjacencies and value chain segments
Notwithstanding our recent expansions, with the recent 
acquisitions, we are reallocating capital from non-core areas to 
strengthen our Automotive and Industrial core businesses.
Key Priorities Resource Allocation
• Secure New Principals: Focus our growth with strategic 
partners as we adopt new brands for our core businesses.
– Secured two coveted automotive brands in Malaysia: 
Toyota and Perodua.
– Strengthened our partnership with BYD, the best-selling EV 
brand in the world.
• Expand into New Markets: Capitalise on opportunities to 
grow in new markets and explore geographical diversification.
– Aggressively grew our dealership network in China.
– Extended our presence into South Australia, with the 
Cavpower acquisition.
• Strengthen Capabilities: Pursue adjacencies to expand along 
the value chain.
– Moved up the automotive value chain with the UMW 
acquisition, granting us new capabilities in production, 
distribution and auto parts through Toyota and Perodua.
• UMW acquisition: Secured 100% of UMW on 21 March 
2024, establishing it as the third core division of the Group, 
with its strategy fully aligned.
• Cavpower acquisition:  Completed critical integration tasks 
by the end of 2024, with the remaining tasks scheduled for 
completion in 2025.
• Onsite acquisition: Successfully completed critical integration 
components for people and finance reporting.
• Greenfield expansion in China: Opened nine showrooms in 
China throughout FY2024 with two currently in the pipeline.
FY2024 Initiatives
Outlook
FY2024 Achievements
The Group has been aggressive in expanding its portfolio 
through acquisitions and will focus on integration for the time 
being. This involves aligning their strategies with the Group 
and streamlining processes and harmonising the workforce and 
culture.
Following these acquisitions, we will strengthen our relationship 
with our new principals, Toyota and Daihatsu Japan, as well as 
the emerging China original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) 
in the new EV space such as BYD. These strategic areas will 
allow us to pursue high-quality opportunities within our 
industries.
Our Capitals Key Risks Material Matters Stakeholders
  1  2  4 2
 
4
 
1
 
2   
Annual Report 2024
PG. 48
Sime Darby Berhad
OUR 5-YEAR STRATEGY MASTERPLAN

---- Page 51 ----
FUTURE READY
To look to the future and adapt to the changing business landscape and focus on readying our business by aligning our products and 
services to the new trends impacting our industries.
• Facilitating the energy transition with Cavpower, making 
inroads into regions with critical minerals for batteries
• Implement mobility initiatives such as continuous expansion 
into retail for EV chargers
• Build EV infrastructure
• Explore digital revenue streams
While we improve our operations and look towards expanding 
our business, we constantly evaluate how the Group needs to 
evolve to capture new trends for the future such as the energy 
transition towards more efficiency, mobility and ESG.
Key Priorities Resource Allocation
• Continuous Expansion into EV Retail:  Prioritise growing 
market interest in EV adoption, covering the luxury, mid-level 
and mass market.
– Introduced EV models from renowned brands like BMW, 
MINI, Porsche, Hyundai, BYD and Volvo across key markets.
– Secured the position of being the EV leader in Malaysia.
– Continued rollout of high-performance EV chargers by 
Porsche (via Motors Division) with Shell across the Malaysian 
Peninsular’s North-South highway corridor.
• Expanded Kineta for EV Charging: Provided EV charging 
solutions to encourage EV adoption for all our consumers.
• Capitalised on the Energy Transition
– Acquired Cavpower, making inroads into copper rich 
regions, a critical metal for the energy transition.
• Gained Exposure to E-commerce: Build foundations needed to 
capitalise on the e-commerce revolution.
– Via the UMW acquisition, secured Toyota Industries 
Corporation (TICO) franchise, the best-in-class forklifts to 
serve the growing e-commerce segment.
• Number of EVs sold:  27,005 units across all business units 
and geographies, making up 19% of total sales for the 
Motors Division.
• Number of chargers sold and installations completed:  4,139 
chargers sold and 2,882 installations completed under 
Kineta.
• Total investments: RM71.7 million invested in various 
mobility startups and initiatives.
FY2024 Initiatives
Outlook
FY2024 Achievements
Our businesses are constantly evolving with shifting consumer 
behaviour, brands, business models and channels. This is 
especially true for Motors with EVs, direct-to-customer sales 
models and online platforms. The energy transition has also 
opened up new pathways for our Industrial business. We strive 
to stay ahead by adapting to trends and ensuring our portfolio 
of brands and services remain current, relevant and ever-ready 
and able to capitalise on opportunities.
Our Capitals Key Risks Material Matters Stakeholders
    3  4 1
 
2
 
3
 
4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
1
 
2
 
3
 
1
 
2
 
1
 
2
   
PG. 49


---- Page 52 ----
Financial Year Ended 30 June (RM million) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
FINANCIAL RESULTS
Revenue* 36,715 44,302 42,502 48,288 67,132
Profit before interest and tax* 1,462 2,230 1,796 2,084 2,758
Profit before tax* 1,328 2,144 1,687 1,821 2,181
Profit after tax – continuing operations 932 1,571 1,213 1,337 1,483
Profit after tax – discontinuing/discontinued 
operations (59) (41) (26) 175 2,046
Profit after tax 873 1,530 1,187 1,512 3,529
Non-controlling interests and perpetual sukuk (53) (105) (84) (54) (223)
Net Profit 820 1,425 1,103 1,458 3,306
Core Net Profit 1,040 1,248 1,195 1,154 1,316
FINANCIAL POSITION
Share capital 9,300 9,302 9,318 9,330 9,330
Reserves 5,697 6,581 6,692 7,596 10,036
Shareholders’ equity 14,997 15,883 16,010 16,926 19,366
Non-controlling interests and perpetual sukuk 416 377 361 357 3,992
Total equity 15,413 16,260 16,371 17,283 23,358
Borrowings and leases 4,045 3,734 5,029 8,454 13,211
Disposal group liabilities – – 127 – 180
Other liabilities 7,815 8,493 8,702 11,303 15,073
Total equity and liabilities 27,273 28,487 30,229 37,040 51,822
Non-current assets 12,552 12,537 11,684 15,413 24,470
Current assets excluding cash 13,027 13,477 15,061 18,541 24,023
Disposal group assets – – 1,712 – 652
Bank balances and cash 1,694 2,473 1,772 3,086 2,677
Total assets 27,273 28,487 30,229 37,040 51,822
Average shareholders’ equity (quarterly average) 14,550 15,356 15,789 16,065 18,229
FINANCIAL RATIOS
Operating margin (%)* 4.1 4.9 4.1 4.2 3.7
Return on average shareholders’ equity (%)^ 5.6 9.3 7.0 9.1 18.1
Core ROE (%)^ 7.1 8.1 7.6 7.2 7.2
Debt/Equity (%) 26.2 23.0 30.7 48.9 56.6
SHARE INFORMATION
Basic Earnings per share (sen) 12.1 20.9 16.2 21.4 48.5
Core Earnings per share (sen) 15.3 18.3 17.6 16.9 19.3
Net assets per share attributable to owners of the 
Company (RM) 2.21 2.33 2.35 2.48 2.84
Net dividend per share (sen) 10.0 15.0 11.5 13.0 13.0
* Excludes discontinuing/discontinued operations
^ Based on average shareholders’ equity (quarterly average)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 50
Sime Darby Berhad
5-YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(including Statement of Financial Position)

---- Page 53 ----
7.27.1
8.1
7.27.6
20242023202220212020
67,132
36,715
44,302 48,288
42,502
20242023202220212020
1,316
1,040
1,248
1,1541,195
20242023202220212020
3,306
820
1,425 1,458
1,103
20242023202220212020
13.0
10.0
15.0
13.0
11.5
20242023202220212020
18.1
5.6
9.3 9.1
7.0
20242023202220212020
Revenue* (RM million)
Net Profit (RM million)
ROE^ (%)
Net Dividend Per Share  (Sen)
Core Net Profit (RM million)
Core ROE^ (%)
* Excludes discontinuing/discontinued operations
^ Based on average shareholders’ equity (quarterly average)
PG. 51


---- Page 54 ----
VALUE ADDED
FY2023 FY2024
(RM million)
Revenue* 48,288 67,132
Operating expenses excluding staff costs, depreciation & amortisation and CSR expenses* (40,791) (57,027)
Other operating income, other gains and losses and finance income* 699 709
Share of results of joint ventures and associates* 64 260
Income from discontinuing/discontinued operations 188 2,087
Total 8,448 13,161
* From continuing operations
VALUE DISTRIBUTION
FY2023 FY2024
(RM million)
Directors and Employees 4,826 6,143
Government and Society1 506 747
Dividends2 886 886
Finance costs3 335 724
Non-controlling interests and perpetual sukuk 54 223
Reinvestment 1,841 4,438
Total 8,448 13,161
1 Tax and CSR contribution
2 Dividends refer to dividends declared for the respective financial years
3 Gross finance costs
10.5%
4.0%
0.6%
21.8%
57.1%
6.0%
Directors and Employees Government and Society Dividends
Finance costs NCI and perpetual sukuk Reinvestment
FY2023
6.7%
5.5%
1.7%
33.7%
46.7%
5.7%
FY2024
Annual Report 2024
PG. 52
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENT OF VALUE ADDED

---- Page 55 ----
(RM million)
First
Quarter
Second
Quarter
Third
Quarter
Fourth
Quarter FY2024
Revenue 13,980 15,524 18,835 18,793 67,132
Segment results
Industrial 358 351 359 399 1,467
Motors 203 192 180 9 584
UMW – 47 262 171 480
Corporate and Others 269 1 (42) (1) 227
Profit before interest and tax 830 591 759 578 2,758
Net finance costs (102) (138) (157) (180) (577)
Taxation (154) (140) (151) (253) (698)
Profit/(Loss) from discontinuing/discontinued 
operations 24 2,027 (11) 6 2,046
Non-controlling interests and perpetual sukuk (9) (52) (100) (62) (223)
Net Profit 589 2,288 340 89 3,306
Earnings per share (sen) 8.6 33.6 5.0 1.3 48.5
(RM million)
First
Quarter
Second
Quarter
Third
Quarter
Fourth
Quarter FY2023
Revenue 12,182 11,292 11,528 13,286 48,288
Segment results
Industrial 216 224 236 375 1,051
Motors 176 151 170 555 1,052
Corporate and Others (25) 30 (1) (23) (19)
Profit before interest and tax 367 405 405 907 2,084
Net finance costs (46) (56) (57) (104) (263)
Taxation (97) (103) (108) (176) (484)
Profit from discontinued operations 3 150 13 9 175
Non-controlling interests (20) (7) (13) (14) (54)
Net Profit 207 389 240 622 1,458
Earnings per share (sen) 3.1 5.7 3.5 9.1 21.4
PG. 53
QUAR TERLY PERFORMANCE

---- Page 56 ----
DIVIDENDS
18th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
ANNOUNCEMENT OF UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
ended 30 September 2023
1st Quarter
27 November 2023
ended 31 March 2024
3rd Quarter
23 May 2024
ended 31 December 2023
2nd Quarter
21 February 2024
ended 30 June 2024
4th Quarter
27 August 2024
Date of Payment
27 March 2024
Date of Payment
30 September 2024
Notice Date
16 October 2024
Meeting Date
14 November 2024
Date of Entitlement
8 March 2024
Date of Entitlement
10 September 2024
1st Interim Dividend of 3.0 sen Per Ordinary Share
Announcement of the Notice of Entitlement and 
Announced: 21 February 2024
2nd Interim Dividend of 10.0 sen Per Ordinary Share
Announcement of the Notice of Entitlement and 
Announced: 27 August 2024
Annual Report 2024
PG. 54
Sime Darby Berhad
FINANCIAL CALENDAR
For the Financial Year ended 30 June 2024

---- Page 57 ----
The Group’s Investor Relations unit facilitates communication between the Group and the 
investment community. Pertinent matters that may concern stakeholders include strategic 
developments, financial results and material business matters affecting the Group. A 
comprehensive investor relations programme, designed for institutional shareholders and 
private investors addresses these matters on a regular basis.
HOW THE GROUP COMMUNICATES
The Investor Relations unit conducts regular meetings, conference calls and site visits with investors to keep the investment 
community abreast of the Group’s operations, strategic developments and financial performance. In addition, investment 
roadshows are held to engage with shareholders and potential investors across the globe.
Quarterly Financial Results Briefings and Announcements
The Investor Relations unit and the Group Communications 
department provide the investment and media community 
with an up-to-date view of the Group’s financial performance 
and operations via analyst briefings and press conferences. 
These sessions coincide with the release of the Group’s 
quarterly financial results on Bursa Securities.
 For more details on our investor engagement activities, please refer to the Stakeholder Engagement and Value Creation section on pages 26 to 31 of this 
report.
In FY2024, the Group held four analyst briefing sessions and 
two press conferences to announce the Group’s quarterly 
results. These were supplemented by press releases and other 
materials shared on the Group’s website and social media 
channels.
September 2023
30th CITIC CLSA 
Investors’ Forum, 
Hong Kong
1
January 2024
Nomura ASEAN 
Conference
March 2024
UBS OneASEAN 
Summit, Singapore
July 2024
J.P.Morgan 
Malaysia+ ASEAN 
Conference
June 2024
UOB Kay Hian – 
Malaysia Gems 
Conference
Sime Darby Investor Engagements
2 3 4 5
CORPORATE WEBSITE AND SOCIAL MEDIA
To communicate with its stakeholders, the Group 
maintains a comprehensive website at 
www.simedarby.com that includes an up-to-date 
investor and media centre. News, announcements, 
share price updates, investor presentations, events 
and other relevant information are posted on the 
website. Shareholders are also welcomed to raise 
queries by contacting the Group at any time 
throughout the year. Contact details are available at 
the Contact Us section of the Group’s website at 
https://www.simedarby.com/contact-us.
The Group also maintains a social media presence to 
disseminate information more effectively while 
engaging more directly with its stakeholders.https://www.linkedin.com/company/sime-darby-berhad/
https://www.facebook.com/simedarbyberhad/
https://www.instagram.com/simedarbyberhad/
Website:
Up-to-date investor and 
media centre
Audience:
Fund managers, analysts, bankers, 
shareholders, the media and other 
stakeholders
PG. 55
INVESTOR RELATIONS

---- Page 58 ----
FTSE4GOOD
KL CONSUMER  
PRODUCT (KLCM)
KUALA LUMPUR  
COMPOSITE INDEX (KLCI)
MSCI EMERGING  
MARKETS INDEX
We are proud to be recognised in key indices
A total of 17 research houses issued analyst coverage of Sime Darby’s stock in FY2024, as detailed below:
Affin Hwang 
Investment Bank 
Berhad
Afifah Ishak
AmInvestment Bank 
Berhad
Mohshin Shri Abdul 
Aziz
BIMB Securities  
Sdn Bhd
Sabariah Mohamad 
Akhair
CGS International
Jacquelyn Yow
CIMB Securities
Mohd Shanaz Noor 
Azam
Citi
Megat Fais
CLSA Securities 
Malaysia
Khoo Zhen Ye
Hong Leong 
Investment Bank 
Berhad
Daniel Wong
Kenanga Investment 
Bank Berhad
Wan Mustaqim Bin 
Wan Ab Aziz
Macquarie Capital 
Securities Malaysia
Max Koh
Maybank Investment 
Bank Berhad
Loh Yan Jin
Nomura Securities 
Malaysia
Ahmad Maghfur 
Usman
Public Investment 
Bank Berhad
Denny Oh
RHB Investment 
Bank Berhad
Syahril Hanafiah
TA Securities 
Holdings Berhad
Angeline Chin
UBS Securities 
Malaysia
Nicole Goh
UOB Kay Hian 
Securities
Anas Fitri Ahmad
SIME DARBY 18TH AGM
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) provides a platform for 
the Chairman and Group Chief Executive Officer (GCEO) to 
share with shareholders how the Group has performed during 
the year.
It also offers all shareholders the opportunity to put forward 
questions to the Chairman of the Board and Board Committees 
as well as to the Senior Independent Director. At the AGM, 
e-polling is conducted on each resolution. Shareholders also 
have the opportunity to cast their votes by proxy in advance 
of the meeting. Following the AGM, results of the polls are 
published on the Company’s website and released to Bursa 
Securities.
Engagement Date:
14 November 2024
Format:
Virtual platform
Audience:
Shareholders and proxies
The 18th AGM of the Company will be held on 14 November 
2024 at 10.00am. The notice of the AGM is issued at least 28 
days prior to the date of the meeting in accordance with the 
Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021.
The notice and agenda will also be published in the local 
Bahasa Melayu and English newspapers and made available 
on the Company’s website.
INDICES REPRESENTATION
ANALYST COVERAGE
Annual Report 2024
PG. 56
Sime Darby Berhad
INVESTOR RELATIONS

---- Page 59 ----
Volume Traded
Sime Darby Berhad
Share Price (RM)
Volume Traded
(Units, Daily)
Last Price of SIME (KLSE)
1.5
2.5
25,000,000
2.25 20,000,000
15,000,000
2
10,000,000
1.75
5,000,000
0
40,000,0003
30,000,000
35,000,000
2.75
Mar’24
Apr’24
May’24
Feb’24
Jan’24
Dec’23
Nov’23
Oct’23
Sep’23
Aug’23
Jul’23
Jun’24
Jun’23
SHARE PERFORMANCE
Sime Darby Berhad share price FY2024
30 June 2024 30 June 2023 Variance (%)
KLCI 1,590.09 1,376.68 213.41 16%
Sime Darby RM2.62 RM2.05 RM0.57 28%
PG. 57


---- Page 60 ----
INDUSTRIAL 
DIVISION
In FY2024, the Industrial Division achieved another 
year of positive financial results, with revenue and 
profit before interest and tax (PBIT) surpassing the 
results in FY2023. This performance was primarily 
driven by the strong contribution from the Australasia 
region, particularly through high equipment deliveries 
to the mining sector and increased product support 
sales. Additionally, our two recent acquisitions of 
Onsite and Cavpower bolstered our results.
China continues to present challenging market 
conditions for the Division, with strategies in place to 
ensure we continue to deliver exceptional service to 
our customers in the region. In Southeast Asia, our 
operations have benefitted from increased activities 
in the data centre market, oil & gas and maritime 
sectors, resulting in increased sales and product 
support sales of power solutions.
Our extensive range of equipment and industrial solutions 
is continually evolving, empowering our customers on 
their paths towards growth and decarbonisation.
We are dedicated to supporting our customers in the Asia 
Pacific region by continually enhancing our offerings in the 
resources, infrastructure and energy sectors. Our goal is to 
deliver top-tier solutions from industry-leading brands, ensuring 
exceptional value and innovation for our customers. This past 
year, we adapted to market changes by broadening offerings, 
diversifying end markets and streamlining operations. Our 
achievements, fuelled by acquisitions and strong business 
performance, reflect our dedication to meeting changing 
consumer needs and prioritising impactful solutions to deliver 
long-term success for our stakeholders. 
Dean Mehmet
Managing Director, Industrial Division
01  GROW THE CORE
• Development of cutting-edge solutions 
and technologies to enhance customer 
productivity, safety and energy 
efficiency.
• Enhancement of digital capabilities and 
customer experience initiatives to 
streamline the end-to-end customer 
journey.
02  OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
• Optimisation of branch networks and 
investments in facility and warehouse 
infrastructure to provide strategic 
presence and capacity to meet growing 
market demand.
• Investment in systems and delivery of 
efficiency strategies to increase 
throughput and better support 
customers.
03  FUTURE READY
• Provision of increasingly energy-
efficient equipment and alternative fuel 
solutions to support customers on their 
decarbonisation journeys.
• Entry into the copper belt of Australia 
via the Cavpower acquisition, a pivotal 
location to support global 
electrification requirements.
• Close collaboration with original 
equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to 
supply electrified equipment to 
customers.
 KEY FOCUS AREAS & RESULTS
The Industrial Division remains aligned with the Group’s 5-year Strategy Masterplan. In FY2024, the Division focused on growing its core 
business, driving operational excellence and future readiness.
 WHAT WE DO
Industrial Division is involved in the sale of new and used heavy equipment, 
power systems, product support, equipment rental, rental services and 
industrial solutions. With operations across 14 countries and territories in the 
Asia Pacific region, we serve a customer base spanning a range of sectors.
Our largest market is Australasia followed by China. We maintain long-term 
partnerships with premium industrial brands and are recognised as one of the 
world’s largest Caterpillar dealers. We are also a distributor of many other 
industrial solutions brands.
Sime Darby Industrial operates in:
Business segments
Product support Industrial solutions
Heavy equipment 
sales (new and used) Equipment rental
Power systems sales Rental services
Customer sectors
Resources Maritime industries
Power generation
Oil & gas Material handling
Infrastructure Agriculture
Annual Report 2024
PG. 58
Sime Darby Berhad
BUSINESS REVIEW

---- Page 61 ----
 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Financial Performance
REVENUE BY REGION (RM million)
16,675
20,456
15,099
16,00415,794
2023 2024202220212020
AUS CH MY OTHERS
766
9181,208
2,506
2,649
15,824
12,288
972
FY2023
FY2024
REVENUE (RM million) PBIT (RM million)
PBIT BY REGION (RM million)
1,051
1,467
803
909
967
2023 2024202220212020
FY2023
FY2024
AUS CH MY OTHERS
37 685965103
1,275
910
1
Non-financial Performance
SHARE OF INDUSTRIAL REVENUE BY CUSTOMER SEGMENTS SHARE OF RESOURCES REVENUE BY COMMODITY EXPOSURE
55%7%
8%
30%
Construction
Marine/Oil & Gas
Resources
Others
Met Coal
Thermal Coal
Gold and Copper
Bauxite
Lead, Zinc, Manganese
Iron Ore
Nickel
Other Commodities
18%
8%
7%
2%
2%
2%
1%
14%
AUS: Australasia
CH: Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan
Others: South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Maldives, Brunei
PG. 59


---- Page 62 ----
 KEY CHALLENGES & GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
Increased competition and rising cost pressures continue to pose challenges to the Division. We are consistently seeking innovative 
solutions to overcome challenges while actively exploring new opportunities for growth.
Key Challenges Mitigation Strategies
Cost and resourcing 
pressures in customer 
operating environments
• Active customer engagement to understand pressures and changing needs.
• Provide low-capital alternatives.
• Deliver increasingly productive, energy-efficient and fuel-efficient offerings.
• Provide autonomous haulage solutions.
• Develop equipment life cycle solutions to optimise the total cost of ownership.
• Provide customers with digital tools and solutions to monitor and optimise fleet performance.
Increased competition from 
new market entrants
• Articulate and convey superior product value proposition across safety, reliability, productivity 
and energy efficiency.
• Ensure strong and reliable product support capabilities through broad network, facilities, supply 
chain and expertise.
• Leverage advanced digital capabilities to support customers through purchasing and product life 
cycle journeys.
• Promote data analytics and lab expertise to proactively identify upcoming issues and partner 
with customers on solutions.
Challenging economic 
conditions in China
• Closely monitor macroeconomic factors and customer requirements.
• Collaborate with suppliers to provide low-cost and tailored solutions for customer needs.
• Extend capabilities in distribution, product support and digital to support broader customer 
requirements.
• Identify and deliver growth initiatives across Asia Pacific to maintain overall resilience for Sime 
Darby Industrial despite country-level cyclicality.
Growth Opportunities Our Approach
Rising demand for 
decarbonised solutions 
across core sectors
• Offer hybrid and electric solutions to our customers.
• Promote existing offerings such as cogeneration, dual-fuel engine, transitionary and alternative 
fuel solutions.
• Explore and pursue low-carbon opportunities to expand offerings.
Growth in battery metals 
demand to support global 
electrification requirements
• Capitalise on the extensive battery metal development pipeline in South Australia, particularly 
copper, through the acquisition of Cavpower.
Increased investment 
pipeline in physical and 
digital infrastructure across 
Asia Pacific
• Offer construction equipment and support solutions to capitalise on the opportunities from the 
stimulus packages in China and infrastructure programmes across Asia Pacific.
• Provide integrated solutions across equipment, power generation, technology and rental to 
facilitate fit-for-purpose support at construction sites.
• Leverage the acquisition of Onsite to offer non-earthmoving and complementary CAT solutions, 
for full construction life cycle support.
 OUTLOOK & STRATEGIC PLANS
In the short-term, we will continue to focus on our three core industries – Resources, Infrastructure and Energy – and to strengthen our 
business across our operating regions. We remain committed to driving greater operational efficiency and maintaining competitiveness 
by expanding our offerings, diversifying into new markets, optimising operations and introducing innovative products.
As we look ahead, several key trends and strategic priorities will shape our path forward. The evolving landscape of customer behaviour is 
driving increased demand for decarbonisation solutions and increasingly sophisticated product offerings. We are well-positioned to 
respond to these trends through our investment in people, partnerships, technology and acquisitions. Furthermore, the strong foundation 
afforded by our broad geographical, commodity and industry presence enables us to partner with our customers for the long-term.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 60
Sime Darby Berhad
BUSINESS REVIEW

---- Page 63 ----
MOTORS 
DIVISION
FY2024 has seen inflationary pressures, excess 
inventory supply in our key markets and price wars in 
the Chinese Mainland. However, strong demand for 
both Ford and BYD in Malaysia and BYD in Singapore 
have helped lessen the impact.
We successfully implemented several initiatives that 
will position us for stronger growth when the markets 
recover. In Hong Kong, we secured distributorship 
rights for XPENG, a battery electric vehicle brand. We 
also commenced the assembly of wheel and door 
modules for Porsche and local assembly of Chery 
vehicles in Malaysia. Finally, we launched Drivecare, a 
multi-franchise, one-stop service centre in Malaysia 
and Singapore.
We remain steadfast in our commitment to delivering world-
class service and a seamless, end-to-end bespoke customer 
experience by equipping ourselves with advanced digital and 
automation solutions. We will continue to diversify our 
powertrain offerings to meet demand for more sustainable 
vehicles. Our dedication to innovation and decarbonisation, 
with customer centricity at the core of our vision, drives us 
towards an environmentally sustainable future together. 
Andrew Basham
Managing Director, Motors Division
01   EXPANSION OF BUSINESS FOOTPRINT
• Secured distribution rights for XPENG in Hong 
Kong and expanded new showrooms for BMW, 
Hyundai and BYD in Malaysia.
• Expanded the assembly business in Malaysia 
through the assembly of Chery vehicles and the 
assembly of wheel and door modules for Porsche.
• Launched Drivecare with three service centres in 
Malaysia and Singapore.
02   ENHANCING OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY
• Digitalisation of sales and after-sales processes, such as the OneGo mobile app in 
Malaysia, to provide customers with convenient access to essential services.
• Automation of almost 200 manual processes to increase employee productivity 
and efficiency.
• Implementation of new systems and enhancements, such as:
– Digital payments for BYD Malaysia to enhance the online purchasing experience.
– A plant maintenance platform at our assembly operations at Inokom.
– A workforce planning and analytics solution across China.
 KEY FOCUS AREAS & RESULTS
In FY2024, the Motors Division focused on extending its business presence and operational capabilities through key initiatives that reflect 
our commitment to stakeholders. These efforts are designed to create value for our business partners while also enhancing operational 
processes to enhance employee productivity and to deliver convenient solutions to our customers.
 WHAT WE DO
The Motors Division operates in ten markets across several segments in the 
automotive sector, including assembly, distribution/importation, retail of new 
and used cars, after-sales services and rental operations. Our wide geographical 
footprint gives us access to a diverse and rising middle class customer base, 
which is a key driver of economic growth.
We have built an extensive network of dealerships and long-standing brand 
partnerships with many of the world’s top automotive and commercial truck 
brands, ranging from luxury brands to mass-market brands. This group of 
brands and our reputation for consistently delivering high quality products and 
services has contributed to our leadership position as an automotive player in 
the Asia Pacific region, making us a partner of choice for brands seeking to 
expand in this region.
Business Activities
Retail of New & Used Cars
Assembly
Distributor/Importer
After-sales Services
Rental
PG. 61


---- Page 64 ----
 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Financial Performance
REVENUE BY REGION (RM million)
28,235 27,337
31,552
37,188
20,852
20242023
2022
2021
2020
AUS/NZ CH/HK/MC/TW MY SG/TH/ID
4,827
7,075
8,809
6,6166,2405,574
14,535
15,064
FY2023
FY2024
REVENUE (RM million) PBIT (RM million)
PBIT BY REGION (RM million)
1,050 1,020
1,052
584574
20242023
2022
2021
2020
AUS/NZ CH/HK/MC/TW MY SG/TH/ID
FY2023
FY2024
74
122
548
455
-222
136
220
303
ROAIC (%) UNIT SALES (’000)
14.0%
13.1%
11.5%
5.6%
7.8%
20242023
2022
2021
2020
112.7
101.8
116.8
142.9
79.2
20242023
2022
2021
2020
Note:
Includes new and used vehicle sales
Annual Report 2024
PG. 62
Sime Darby Berhad
BUSINESS REVIEW

---- Page 65 ----
 KEY CHALLENGES & GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
Technological advances and consumer preferences are changing the landscape of automotive retail and the relationship dynamic 
between original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and their retailers. These present both risks and opportunities for growth. We are 
taking proactive steps to mitigate these risks and recalibrating our brand portfolio to capitalise on emerging opportunities.
Key Challenges Mitigation Strategies
Discounting in China due to an 
oversupply of New Energy Vehicles 
(NEV)
• Engage in dialogues with OEMs to review targets.
• Optimise operations to reduce costs.
Shift in consumer preferences 
towards Plug-in Hybrid Electric 
Vehicles (PHEV) and Hybrid Electric 
Vehicles (HEV) impacts sales of 
Battery Electric Vehicles (BEV)
and Internal Combustion Engine 
(ICE) vehicles
• Initiate conversations with our OEMs to bring the right powertrain offerings to each 
market.
• Explore opportunities with new brands that have a well-defined product roadmap across 
all powertrains.
Implementation of agency sales 
model disintermediates the role of 
dealerships
• Continue dialogues with OEMs to understand their plans and timeline for implementation, 
as several OEMs have discontinued or deferred their plans for implementing the agency 
model.
• Align operating structures if and when necessary to adapt to the agency model.
• Continue to diversify brand portfolio.
Customer acceptance of 
autonomous vehicles disrupts OEMs 
that have under-invested in 
self-driving technology
• Monitor developments in vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) vehicles and autonomous 
driving technology.
• Seek partnerships with OEMs that are investing in autonomous driving and VTOL.
Growth Opportunities Our Approach
Demand for NEV and the 
proliferation of new NEV brands 
creates opportunities to diversify 
portfolio
• Provide a balanced powertrain offering to match customer demand through existing 
brand partners and new NEV brands.
• Secured distributorship rights for XPENG in Hong Kong.
Demand for cost-effective after-sales 
solutions across the lifespan of 
vehicles
• Launched Drivecare to retain car owners seeking post-warranty service outside authorised 
dealer networks.
Diversification of OEM manufacturing 
network in response to supply chain 
bottlenecks and geopolitical tensions
• Continue to position Inokom as a regional assembler for the ASEAN region.
• Inokom has been appointed to assemble Chery vehicles for right-hand drive (RHD) 
markets in ASEAN.
 OUTLOOK & STRATEGIC PLANS
Our strategy revolves around three pillars: operational excellence, investments and technology. We will continue to review our business 
operations and working capital practices to optimise efficiency and profitability, invest selectively to expand our growth pipeline and 
harness the power of digital technologies and advanced data analytics to support informed decision-making, implement new business 
solutions and engage seamlessly with our customers across various touchpoints. In addition, we will strive to embed a mindset of safety-
first throughout our organisation.
Global macroeconomic volatility and escalating geopolitical tensions have substantially affected the short-term outlook in our key 
markets. The Asia Pacific market is expected to continue to recalibrate in response to economic policies, price discounting and the 
evolving EV landscape. According to BMI, the long-term outlook remains positive despite the short-term challenges and adjustments in 
response to market dynamics.
The five-year forecasts for our key markets, as adapted from Economic Intelligence Unit (EIU), are as follows:
China: New car sales are expected to grow at an average annual rate of 2.8%, supported by government stimulus measures and incentives for 
NEVs. The government also aims to double the size of the used-car market to RMB2 trillion (US$306 billion) by 2025.
Australia: New car sales are projected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 2%. Demand will be 
supported by car rental companies, government purchases and increasing consumer interest in EVs, particularly among urban dwellers 
and younger drivers.
Malaysia: New car sales are forecasted to increase at a CAGR of 3.5%, on the back of annual GDP growth of 4.4% and heightened 
market competition. While household purchasing power is expected to remain resilient due to targeted government subsidies and low 
consumption taxes, high household debt will constrain spending on big-ticket items.
Ultimately, growth opportunities remain, especially in markets that are actively developing their automotive infrastructure. We will monitor 
developments in each market and tailor our strategies accordingly to ensure alignment with the macroenvironment and industry trends.
PG. 63


---- Page 66 ----
UMW 
DIVISION
UMW Holdings Berhad (UMW) became a subsidiary of 
Sime Darby in December 2023, cementing the Group’s 
position as the largest automotive player in Malaysia. 
UMW delivered strong revenue and profit before 
interest and tax (PBIT) of RM9.4 billion and RM480 
million respectively during the period of just over six 
months post-acquisition.
In the first half of 2024, Toyota (including Lexus) and 
Perodua commanded a 55.5% share of the Malaysian 
automotive market. Toyota led the non-national 
segment with 46,821 units (including Lexus) while 
Perodua topped the national segment with 169,849 
units in line with the positive growth in Malaysia’s Total 
Industry Volume (TIV), resilient domestic economy and 
robust demand from the national segment.
As part of its continuous commitments towards carbon 
neutrality, UMW Toyota in line with Toyota Global 
Commitment to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, 
launched the Beyond Zero initiative, to showcase the 
diverse range of powertrains for achieving 
electrification, such as hybrid electric vehicles (HEV), 
battery electric vehicles (BEV) and fuel cell electric 
vehicles (FCEV). In FY2024, UMW Toyota introduced 
the Toyota Yaris G Limited and the all-new Toyota 
HiAce van, embodying the vision of ‘Move your World’.
With UMW as a core division of Sime Darby, we have opened a new 
market demographic for the Group with the addition of two of 
Malaysia’s best brands: Toyota and Perodua. Our presence in the 
national and mass-market segments complements our Group’s brand 
portfolio, while our manufacturing and distribution capabilities 
position us well across the automotive value chain. As we embark on 
this exciting journey, we are committed to “Motorising Malaysia”, 
advancing the automotive industry, supporting electrification and 
decarbonisation, as well as strengthening our partnerships with 
Toyota and Daihatsu Japan. 
Mustamir Mohamad
Managing Director, UMW Division
01   INTEGRATION OF UMW WITHIN SIME DARBY
• Aligned UMW’s organisational and reporting structure to Sime Darby as a 
division.
• Harmonised Group Policies & Authorities (GPA) and Limits of Authority (LOA).
• Aligned financial reporting, harmonised accounting policies, completed 
change of auditors and change of financial year.
• Centralised and aligned talent and capabilities to Sime Darby in adherence 
to reporting requirements.
02   ENSURING BUSINESS CONTINUITY
• Strengthening relationships and becoming strategic 
partner to new principals.
• Building on existing market momentum and maintaining 
market leadership across business segments.
• Launched the ‘Beyond Zero’ initiative, in alignment with 
Toyota’s global pursuit of Carbon Neutrality by 2050, 
showcasing its various electrified technologies including 
HEVs, BEVs and FCEVs.
• Joint venture with Toyota Industries Corporation (TICO), 
a global forklift leader, to expand our Equipment 
business as well as to serve the growing e-commerce 
segment.
03   DIVESTMENT OF ASSETS TO ALIGN STRATEGIES
• Progressed on the divestment of UMW Komatsu under the Equipment segment 
(to be divested in Q2 FY2025).
 KEY FOCUS AREAS & RESULTS
As part of UMW’s integration into Sime Darby, our focus has been on introducing and communicating the Group’s purpose, core values 
and strategy to UMW employees, strengthening stakeholder relationships and aligning operations across the Group.
 WHAT WE DO
UMW is a leading player across the automotive, equipment, manufacturing  
& engineering (M&E) and aerospace industries with a legacy spanning over  
100 years.
UMW’s Automotive Segment comprises the importing, manufacturing, 
distributing and retailing of motor vehicles, manufacturing automotive 
components and exporting motors vehicles and related parts.
In the Equipment Segment, UMW is a market leader in Malaysia and Singapore, 
distributing brands like Toyota, BT and Raymond across Malaysia, Brunei, 
Singapore, Vietnam and China. These products span across the material 
handling, industrial power, marine and logistics sectors. UMW had also 
distributed Komatsu brand heavy equipment (to be divested in Q2 FY2025).
The M&E Segment plays a key role in manufacturing and distributing auto 
parts and lubricants. Through our partnership with Kayaba (KYB) Japan, KYB-
UMW Malaysia produces high-quality shock absorbers and hydraulic power 
steering systems with exports to 39 countries. UMW also offers complete 
lubricant solutions through Pennzoil, Repsol and our very own brand, GRANTT.
As for the Aerospace Segment, UMW Aerospace is the sole Tier-1 supplier of fan 
cases for the Trent 1000 and Trent 7000 engines for Rolls-Royce, cementing its 
position in the global aerospace supply chain. The business continues to expand 
its capabilities, with development well underway to introduce chemical milling to 
manufacture rear cases for Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 and Trent 7000 engines.
Business segments
Manufacturing & Engineering
AerospaceEquipment
Automotive
Annual Report 2024
PG. 64
Sime Darby Berhad
BUSINESS REVIEW

---- Page 67 ----
 KEY CHALLENGES & GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
Intense competition in the automotive industry against the backdrop of a rapidly changing business environment continues to present 
various challenges to the division’s business. To navigate these pressures, we will actively seek growth opportunities and leverage on its 
long-standing partnerships.
Key Challenges Mitigation Strategies
Challenging automotive 
landscape driven by growing 
demands for BEV
• Our presence in the upstream manufacturing and distribution segments along the value chain 
broadens our earnings pool and insulates us from shifting trends.
• Collaborate with OEMs to focus on multi-pathway strategy by introducing multiple powertrain 
solutions to cater to the diverse needs and preferences of our customers.
• Maintain the lead position in both national and the non-national markets through the right 
product and model line-up, competitive pricing and marketing strategy.
Competition from new 
market entrants
• Provide mobility solutions that are inclusive and accessible to all Malaysians.
• Continuous operational improvement to enhance efficiency and productivity.
• Focus on enhancing customer experience throughout the buying and ownership journey and 
increasing customer centricity through digitalisation.
Growth Opportunities Our Approach
Drive towards low-carbon 
mobility
• Promote low-carbon mobility growth through the introduction of hybrid models and pilot BEV 
and FCEV models.
• Implement sustainable practices in manufacturing, using renewable energy sources, reducing 
waste and minimising carbon footprint.
New and adjacent business 
segments along the value 
chain
• Explore into adjacent areas along the downstream value chain and throughout the vehicle life 
cycle, leveraging on our scale and retail capabilities.
• Identify segments that are currently under-developed and fragmented.
 OUTLOOK & STRATEGIC PLANS
We have aligned our strategy with the Group’s 5-Year Strategic Masterplan, focusing around three gears: driving our core automotive 
business, optimising our portfolio across segments and exploring new business adjacencies.
In the near-term, we will continue to focus on driving operational excellence and strengthening our businesses to sustain our market 
leadership, maintain strong relationships with our key stakeholders and review our business portfolio to determine alignment with the 
Group’s portfolio, while progressing with our integration activities.
Looking ahead, the automotive sector is expected to continue evolving with shifting customer dynamics and a global transition towards 
net zero mobility solutions. As the largest automotive player in Malaysia, we are well-positioned to realise our vision of ‘Motorising 
Malaysia’ and supporting stakeholders in driving the transition to carbon neutrality.
 OUTLOOK OF THE MALAYSIAN AUTOMOTIVE MARKET
Malaysia achieved a record-breaking Total Industry Volume (TIV) of around 800,000 units in 2023, surpassing Thailand for the first time 
as the second largest automotive market in ASEAN after Indonesia. Building on the continued strong sales momentum in the first half 
of 2024 with a 7% increase from the same period in 2023, the Malaysian Automotive Association (MAA) has revised its 2024 forecast 
upwards from 740,000 to 765,000 units, driven by robust sales and healthy backlog orders, particularly from the A-segment. In the mid-
term, we are cautiously optimistic that TIV will stabilise and grow at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 3.5% over the next 
five years (Source: EIU).
In line with global trends, the industry landscape is evolving with the acceleration of electric vehicles and their extended variants (xEV)* 
transition and this shift is expected to be long-term positive for the sector. As Malaysia targets xEV adoption rates of 15% by 2030 and 
80% by 2050, we are seeing an influx of automakers entering the market. While local auto players may face increased competition in 
2024, this dynamic environment also presents opportunities for growth and will further accelerate demand for xEVs.
* Primary xEV categories include Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs), Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicles (PHEVs), Hybrid Electric Vehicles (HEVs) and Fuel Cell Electric 
Vehicles (FCEVs).
PG. 65


---- Page 68 ----
In FY2024, Sime Darby charted significant 
progress towards a more sustainable and 
secure future. Despite the many 
challenges, we were agile and applied 
strategic foresight in executing our 
commitments to integrating sustainability.
In its fourth year, the Sustainability 
Blueprint – embedded within our broader 
5-Year Strategy Masterplan – has been 
guiding our efforts to contribute to a 
lower-carbon economy. The dynamic 
framework has enabled us to meet market 
demands, comply with regulatory 
requirements and seize emerging 
sustainable development opportunities. 
This aligns our growth with the needs of 
our stakeholders and society at large, 
ensuring we build a resilient and 
responsible business for the future.
CREATING 
SUSTAINABLE 
VALUE
Our Sustainability Blueprint Journey 68
Committed to Delivering a Sustainable Future 70
Sustainability Governance 72
Overview 74
Climate Change  
(Including Financial Risk & Opportunities)
75
Energy and Emissions Management  
(Including Renewable Energy)
76
Water Management 77
Waste and Effluent Management 78
Labour Practices 78
Health and Safety 79
Diversity 80
Optimising Our Environmental and Social Footprint
Annual Report 2024
PG. 66
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 69 ----
Overview 81
ESG Oversight, Measurement and Reporting 82
Employee Training and Development 82
Community Contributions and Development 83
Inspiring Our Employees to Deliver Meaningful Change
Overview 84
Customer Satisfaction 85
Business Continuity 85
Business Ethics and Compliance  
(Including Anti-Bribery/Corruption)
86
Responsible Supply Chain 87
Engaging in Sustainable Partnerships
Overview 88
Sustainable Product Offering 89
Technology and Innovation 90
Data Privacy and Security 90
Driving Sustainable Innovation and Technology
ESG Data 91
PG. 67


---- Page 70 ----
Our Sustainability Blueprint is integral to our strategic decisions, ensuring 
long-term value for employees, clients, shareholders and communities. 
Integrated into our 5-year Strategy Masterplan, sustainability is deeply 
embedded in our organisational culture.
Now in its fourth year, the Blueprint has driven significant progress. All 31 activities under our Flagship Initiatives are either 
completed or part of our business-as-usual operations. We have also improved the sustainability knowledge in our ESG 
Councils, empowering them to deliver on our sustainability targets.
DELIVERING  
SUSTAINABLE  
FUTURES
• 30% reduction of emissions by 2030 (Scope 1 and 2 only) from 2020 levels
• Achieve Net Zero GHG Carbon Emissions by 2050  • Minimum RM250 million investments in ESG innovation by 2025
• >50% products in our portfolio by 2025 are more energy efficient than the 2020 product portfolio
1
Climate Change  
(Including Financial Risk & 
Opportunities)
2
Energy and Emissions 
Management  
(Including Renewable 
Energy)
3 Water Management
4 Waste and Effluent 
Management
5 Labour Practices
6 Health and Safety
7 Diversity
1
ESG Oversight, 
Measurement and 
Reporting
2 Employee Training 
and Development
3 Community Contributions 
and Development
1 Customer Satisfaction
2 Business Continuity
3
Business Ethics and 
Compliance  
(Including Anti-
Bribery/Corruption)
4 Responsible Supply 
Chain
1 Sustainable Product 
Offering
2 Technology and 
Innovation
3 Data Privacy and Security
Optimising Our 
Environmental and  
Social Footprint
Inspiring Our  
Employees to Deliver 
Meaningful Change
Engaging in  
Sustainable  
Partnerships
Driving Sustainable  
Innovation and  
Technology
• Lower carbon transition
• Environmental impact
• Considerate social and 
environmental actions
• Balance our triple 
bottom line (people, 
planet, prosperity)
• Educate employees on 
our ESG commitments
• Facilitate employees to 
understand our 
sustainable product 
portfolio
• Enable meaningful 
change
• Exceeding expectations 
throughout the supply 
chain
• Support customers to 
achieve their ESG 
commitments
• Enable product safety 
through quality training 
and equipment
• Efficiency and efficacy
• Provide solutions to 
customers to improve 
product safety and 
performance
• Seek beneficial 
partnerships
• Consciously invest in 
solutions
• Better outcomes for all
Act With Integrity ∂ Win Together ∂ Care For All
OVERALL TARGETS
THEMES
MATERIAL MATTERS
Annual Report 2024
PG. 68
Sime Darby Berhad
OUR SUSTAINABILITY BLUEPRINT JOURNEY

---- Page 71 ----
Target 3
>50% PRODUCTS IN OUR PORTFOLIO BY 2025 TO BE MORE ENERGY EFFICIENT THAN THE 2020 PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Target has been achieved with >70% of the Group’s products more efficient for both Motors and Industrial Divisions.*
We have achieved by:
• Growing the range and volume of low emission vehicles sold by the Motors Division, such as EVs and hybrids.
• Developing energy efficient product offerings and expanding remanufacturing and refurbishing services for the Industrial 
Division.
• Expanding product offerings through electrification and providing biodegradable solutions for UMW Division.
Target 1
30% REDUCTION OF EMISSIONS BY 2030 (SCOPE 1 AND 2 ONLY) FROM 
2020 LEVELS
Our 2030 target is annual Scope 1 and 2 emissions of 112,000 tonnes of 
carbon dioxide equivalent. In FY2024, we have achieved an annual reduction 
of approximately 23,000 tonnes* with projects identified to deliver a 
further 24,000 tonnes under review. Efforts are underway to identify 
projects for an additional 32,000 tonnes required to meet the 2030 target.
We will achieve this target by continuing to:
• Increase education and training to support our ability to identify 
opportunities to abate emissions.
• Increase focus on implementing renewable energy production across 
our facilities.
• Implement energy and asset efficiency measures.
• Source more renewable energy from the grid.
Target 2
MINIMUM RM250 MILLION INVESTMENTS IN 
ESG INNOVATION BY 2025
60% of the target has been achieved with a 
reported RM150 million spent on ESG 
investments.*
We will achieve by continuing to:
• Enhance our tracking mechanism to capture and 
monitor our investments in ESG innovation 
through internal review.
• Continue to invest in ESG innovation, including 
leveraging the recently acquired UMW research 
and development operation.
 REACHING OUR OVERALL TARGETS
Our Overall Targets are the strategic compass directing Sime Darby’s sustainability journey. By addressing ESG priorities, 
these targets enhance our accountability and drive business performance.
 OUR JOURNEY TO NET ZERO CARBON EMISSIONS AND LOOKING AHEAD
Climate change is a key consideration in our operations and we are dedicated to reducing our environmental impact. Since 
launching our Sustainability Blueprint in FY2021, we have set ambitious targets for the organisation that cascade down 
through our divisions and to our individual business units.
Today, we are accelerating our progress towards net zero carbon emissions by 2050, with our Net Zero Roadmap to be 
finalised in FY2025.
Looking ahead, we will intensify our efforts to achieve a 30% GHG emissions reduction, guided by our Group Emissions 
Reduction Framework, positioning us as a contributor to the low-carbon economy.
Sime Darby is committed to achieve net zero carbon emissions across our portfolio by 2050.
As a leading player in the Industrial and Automotive sector in Asia Pacific, our commitment reinforces the importance of 
climate change and the push for Malaysia to become a net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions nation by 2050.
“As a responsible multinational organisation, we are investing in our future as we transition to a net zero  
Asia Pacific region.”
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson, Group Chief Executive Officer
This commitment aims to accelerate the progress that has been accomplished through Sime Darby’s Sustainability Blueprint. 
Using measures set by Bursa Malaysia, we will align our roadmap to net zero with rigorous international standards.
Our Commitment to Net Zero
* Internally reviewed by Group Corporate Assurance (GCA) Department
PG. 69


---- Page 72 ----
We align our sustainability and ESG strategies with short, medium and long-term goals to meet regulatory requirements, 
deliver value to the business and achieve our targets effectively.
Strategic 
Objective
Short-Term Strategy
(FY2024 – FY2025)
Long-Term Strategy
(FY2028 – FY2035)
Medium-Term Strategy
(FY2026 – FY2028)
Issue Net Zero 
statement and 
begin development 
of roadmap.
Establish and 
expand Scope 3 
reporting beyond 
business travel and 
employee 
commute.
Transition from Task 
Force for Climate-
Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) 
to International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) 
S2.
Align with IFRS 
S1 & S2  as 
regionally 
applicable.
Achieve Overall 
Target #2: Invest 
RM250 million 
in ESG 
innovation.
Update the 
Sustainability 
Blueprint.
Achieve Scope 1 
& 2 emissions 
target.
Enhance our ‘No 
Harm’ goal 
through continuous 
health and safety 
improvements.
Ensure anti-
bribery, 
corruption and 
whistleblowing 
programmes 
remain current.
Consolidate 
corporate social 
responsibility 
(CSR) initiatives 
across the Group.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 70
Sime Darby Berhad
COMMITTED TO DELIVERING A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE

---- Page 73 ----
How We Will 
Get There
Short-Term Strategy
(FY2024 – FY2025)
Long-Term Strategy
(FY2028 – FY2035)
Medium-Term Strategy
(FY2026 – FY2028)
Utilise the GHG 
Protocol on 
Scope 1, 2 & 3 
reporting.
Expand TCFD 
implementation to 
include regionally 
applicable aspects 
of IFRS S2.
Elevate health, 
safety and 
environment (HSE) 
standards through 
targeted 
training and 
equipping all 
employees with 
essential tools.
Invest in Climate 
Scenario Analysis 
and environmental 
resources management 
(ERM) integration.
Leverage original 
equipment 
manufacturer 
(OEM) data to 
drive efficiency.
Review and 
enhance HSE 
metrics to 
support ‘No 
Harm’.
Enhance overall 
Target 1 and 2  
reporting.
Provide CSR 
guidance to 
improve local 
impact.
Leverage Bursa 
Malaysia’s 
Centralised 
Sustainability 
Intelligence Platform 
(CSIP) to engage with 
suppliers on Scope 3 
emissions.
Continue to expand  
our SELF safety 
culture  
programme so it 
remains current and 
engaging, tailored for local 
audiences.
Continue to 
enhance training 
through Technical 
and Vocational 
Education and Training 
(TVET) programmes 
including ESG training to 
meet industry demands.
Build on short 
and medium-
term strategies.
Report and 
measure our 
long-term impact 
of CSR initiatives.
PG. 71


---- Page 74 ----
 OUR GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
Sime Darby’s sustainability governance ensures our leadership efficiently plans and executes our sustainability blueprint while 
maintaining the highest level of integrity. This structure also ensures the delivery of our commitments across all operations.
Key Developments in FY2024
The Risk Management and Sustainability Committee (RMSC) now oversees regular reporting to the Board, ensuring strategic 
alignment and adherence to our Sustainability Blueprint as well as Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE) risk and compliance 
guidelines. This includes quarterly updates through Divisional Management, Group Management Committee (GMC) and RMSC 
meetings. Training and education for ESG Councils were expanded to strengthen sustainability governance, including 
mandatory ESG training for the Board of Directors and senior leaders.
 For more details about the RMSC and Board Committees, please refer to the Corporate Governance section on pages 131 to 136, and 108 to 109 of this 
report, respectively.
Programme Management ESG (PM ESG) Office
Sustainability Governance Structure
Board of Directors
• Governs the Group’s safety and 
sustainability strategy
Risk Management and Sustainability Committee
• Oversees management of enterprise risk, including climate-related risk
Group Chief Executive Officer 
(GCEO)
• Reports to the Board on safety 
and sustainability matters
Group Chief Safety and  
Sustainability Officer (GCSSO)
• Responsible for safety and 
sustainability matters
• Heads the Safety and 
Sustainability Management Team
Safety and Sustainability 
Management Team
• Develops, collates and reports 
group-wide safety and 
sustainability initiatives
GMC
Heads
PM ESG
Blueprint 
Targets
GMC
Divisional Managing Directors
Group Chief Safety & Sustainability Officer
Group Safety and Sustainability
Safety and Sustainability
Programme Management ESG
(Engagement & Influence)
ESG Leadership Group
Target 1:
30% reduction of emissions by 
2030 (Scope 1 and 2 only) 
from 2020 levels
Target 2:
Minimum RM250 million 
investments in ESG innovation 
by 2025
Target 3:
>50% products in our 
portfolio by 2025 are more 
energy efficient than the 2020 
product portfolio
The PM ESG office drives sustainability strategy across the Group, facilitating collaboration through the ESG Councils at 
business units and ensuring sustainability principles are embedded at all levels. The PM ESG office ensures projects align with 
the overall targets and material matters, with significant projects approved by the GMC and reviewed by the Group Safety 
and Sustainability office.
This centralised function by the PM ESG facilitates knowledge sharing which transfers both downward and upward to support 
informed decision-making and aligns the organisation with sustainability best practices.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 72
Sime Darby Berhad
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

---- Page 75 ----
ESG RISK MANAGEMENT
In FY2024, we commenced the integration of Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations 
into our RMSC governance structure. This strengthens our ability to identify, assess and mitigate sustainability-related risks 
across the Group. In Q4 of FY2024, the Group engaged external specialists to conduct a Group-wide Climate Scenario Analysis 
to integrate climate risk into the risk management framework.
 For more details on climate change risk mitigation measures, please refer to the Enterprise Risk Management section on page 44.
SUSTAINABILITY-RELATED POLICIES AND GUIDELINES
Policies and guidelines are essential for guiding our operations and addressing critical business issues across the Group. We 
enhanced our Group Policies & Authority (GPA) framework with a strong focus on integrating ESG principles, aiming to embed 
sustainability throughout the Group in 2023. Further, in FY2024, we introduced a reporting template for all Bursa common 
material matters including the scope, methodology and exceptions/limitations.
For our common material matters, we adhere to Bursa Malaysia’s Sustainability Reporting Guide (3 rd Edition), ensuring 
transparent ESG disclosure. For  additional sustainability data visit www.simedarby.com.
STATEMENT OF INTERNAL REVIEW
The Group Corporate Assurance (GCA) Department, reporting directly to the Governance and Audit Committee (GAC), 
provided an internal review of the reported common material matters as well as the achievements against our Blueprint 
Targets – Target 1, 2 and 3.
 For more details about the GAC, please refer to the Corporate Governance section on pages 126 to 130 of this report.
SUSTAINABILITY LEADERSHIP AND ENGAGEMENT
We actively participate in industry associations, conferences and networking events to look for ways to continuously improve our 
sustainability initiatives. These forums facilitate knowledge sharing and collaboration enabling us to adopt best practices and to 
advance our sustainability goals.
Membership & Associations   Our Contribution
CEO Action Network (CAN) CAN is a Malaysian network of CEOs and board members focused on sustainability 
advocacy, capacity building, sustainability action plans and performance.
Our Contribution:
We collaborated with active members to create sustainability initiatives and 
participated in activities with working groups to bolster our climate change 
management and mitigation strategy. In FY2024, we participated in the ISSB and 
effective ESG reporting workstream.
Yayasan Sime Darby (YSD) YSD provides philanthropic support to Sime Darby that aims to support community 
enrichment and empowerment. Its activities focus on five pillars: education, 
environment, community and health, sports and arts and culture.
Our Contribution:
In FY2024, we contributed RM30 million to YSD.
PG. 73


---- Page 76 ----
THEME 1
In working to make substantial progress 
in our environmental and social impact , 
we are committed to driving sustainable 
growth through informed decision-
making and balanced economic 
outcomes. This includes engaging our 
colleagues across the Group in 
environmental and social responsibility 
initiatives to support the communities 
we operate in.
FY2024 marked significant progress in our sustainability efforts. We rolled out the Group’s a Responsible Sourcing Policy, 
expanded solar capacity and conducted energy audits to reduce our environmental impact. Acknowledging global 
challenges like climate change and water scarcity, we remain focused on addressing these issues through the development 
of our Net Zero Roadmap and by introducing more energy efficiency projects and water conservation initiatives.
Health and safety remained a top priority for our people, customers and visitors as we continued to review our 
Life  Saving Commitments, safety procedures, critical controls and preventative measures across our operations.
Regretfully, we lost two valued members of Sime Darby due to an incident this year. Our crisis management response 
prompted an immediate systematic review of the critical risks across all business units particularly for those operating in 
hazardous environments. This initiated further enhancement of our extensive guidelines on risk management practices 
across the organisation.
For FY2025, data driven decision-making and decarbonisation initiatives will be key drivers of sustainable growth. 
Aligned with our Sustainability Blueprint, we aim to create long-term value for our stakeholders and contribute to a 
more sustainable future.
NAVIGATING SUSTAINABILITY CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES
OPTIMISING OUR  
ENVIRONMENTAL  
AND SOCIAL  
FOOTPRINT
MATERIALITY MATTERS
Climate Change (Including Financial Risk & Opportunities)1
Energy and Emissions Management (Including Renewable Energy)2
Water Management3
Waste and Effluent Management4
Labour Practices5
Health and Safety6
Diversity7
Annual Report 2024
PG. 74
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 77 ----
• Implemented the 
Responsible Sourcing Policy 
to uphold ethical and 
environmental standards 
throughout our supply 
chains.
• Initiated the climate scenario 
analysis, aligning with the 
Task Force for Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) and International 
Financial Reporting 
Standards S2 (IFRS S2) 
standards.
• Commenced Scope 3 
reporting to enhance 
transparency and 
accountability.
Value Creation for FY2024
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs
    
  
  
            
1 CLIMATE CHANGE (INCLUDING FINANCIAL RISK & OPPORTUNITIES)
 Why Is It Important?
Climate change is the long-term alteration in Earth’s weather patterns, leading to temperature rises, sea level increases and intensified 
extreme weather. Our Group’s response identifies and manages these risks and opportunities, as well as those arising from the 
transition to a lower-carbon economy.
 Our Approach
• Focus on actively reducing our carbon footprint through operational decarbonisation.
• Integrate climate change considerations into our business continuity management 
(BCM) programme.
• Participate in Bursa Malaysia’s Centralised Sustainability Intelligence Platform (CSIP) 
to encourage supply chain decarbonisation and embed ESG principles into our 
strategy.
• Guide the Board on climate-related risks and opportunities via the Risk Management 
and Sustainability Committee (RMSC).
 Risks & Key Challenges    Refer to the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
Report (Disruption & Climate Change) on  
pages 43-44.Physical risks
• Increase in damages, losses and costs due to sudden extreme weather and gradual 
climate shifts.
Transition risks
• Potential operational disruptions due to the shift towards a low-carbon economy, 
including technological changes, reputational damage and regulatory pressures. For 
example, stricter automotive emissions requirements can render inventory obsolete. 
Short-term
• Enhance our net zero roadmap, complete a climate scenario analysis and align our 
reporting with new regulations.
Medium-term
• Improve Scope 1, 2 and 3 reporting to enhance decarbonisation efforts.
Long-term
• Capitalise on key opportunities, such as supporting the responsible mining of 
energy transition minerals and transitioning vehicle fleets to low-emission options.
Planned Activities
Reinforcing Our Commitment to Responsible Sourcing
In a significant step towards ethical and sustainable business practices, we introduced our new Responsible Sourcing Policy in 
FY2024. The policy outlines clear guidelines for vendors, ensuring adherence to environmental, social and ethical standards. 
Key highlights of the policy include:
• An established framework for responsible sourcing practices which ensures transparency and accountability throughout the 
supply chain.
• Clear expectations for vendors regarding environmental protection, fair labour practices, human rights and business ethics.
• Conducting regular reviews and updates to our responsible sourcing principles that address emerging issues and evolving 
industry standards.
By embedding responsible sourcing principles into our procurement processes we strive to conduct business in a socially and 
environmentally responsible manner to create a more equitable and sustainable future for our stakeholders.
Highlight  Climate Change (Including Financial Risk & Opportunities)
PG. 75


---- Page 78 ----
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Energy and 
Emissions Management 
metrics refer to page 91.   
 
 
  
     
 
     
OPTIMISING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL FOOTPRINT
Hastings Deering
Hastings Deering successfully installed 500kW of solar photovoltaic (PV) across five key locations: Townsville, Mount Isa, Mackay 
and Toowoomba in Queensland and Darwin in Northern Territory. In leveraging the increasing cost-effectiveness of solar energy 
and government incentives, these systems are not only generating substantial cost savings but also contributing to a cleaner 
environment by reducing emissions across these sites every year.
These systems are demonstrating a strong return on investment with an average payback period of 3.5 years. Building on this 
foundation, Hastings Deering plans to expand by installing an additional 1,200kW across six new sites in FY2025. The strategic 
investment of solar into these sites in Archerfield, Brisbane, two sites in Mackay, Rockhampton and Cairns is expected to reduce 
emissions by an additional 1,200 tCO2-e.
Highlight  Solar Expansion Drives Sime Darby’s Sustainability Blueprint
• Increased our solar capacity, 
producing 7.1GWh of 
renewable energy and 
avoiding approximately 
3,900 tCO2-e emissions.
• Conducted energy audits at 
our high-emitting facilities, 
with additional audits 
scheduled.
• Procured green energy in 
China, Malaysia, Singapore 
and New Zealand.
• Enhanced Scope 3 reporting 
and recalculated baseline 
emissions to improve 
accuracy and governance.
Value Creation for FY2024
2 ENERGY AND EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT (INCLUDING RENEWABLE ENERGY)
 Why Is It Important?
Energy and emissions management is the measurement and reduction of energy consumption and emissions. Our commitment is to 
report on all emissions (Scope 1 and 2) under our control, with independent internal review, while expanding our reporting to include 
selected indirect emissions (Scope 3).
 Our Approach
• Establish governance for Scope 1 and 2 reporting including biennial data reviews 
aligned to the GHG Protocol.
• Facilitate limited Scope 3 reporting for business travel and employee commuting.
• Utilise country-specific reputable sources such as government statistics and the 
International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA).
• Apply international standards for energy and emission factors where data is limited.
 Risks & Key Challenges   Refer to the ERM Report on page 44.
• Inefficient energy use increases financial vulnerability.
• Penalties for non-compliance with tightening regulations.
• Poor energy and emissions management can damage brand reputation and hinder 
market share.
• Increasing investor scrutiny can cause loss of investment for businesses with poor 
sustainability performance. 
Short-term
• Focus on expanding energy audits to identify opportunities for increased energy 
efficiency across the business.
• Expand rooftop solar installations with approximately 2,500kW of additional 
capacity.
Medium-term
• Leverage Bursa Malaysia’s Centralised Sustainability Intelligence (CSI) Platform to 
engage with suppliers on Scope 3 emissions.
• Continue to expand renewable energy installations at our facilities.
Long-term
• Increase green electricity selection and enhance Scope 3 reporting with additional 
categories.
Planned Activities
Annual Report 2024
PG. 76
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 79 ----
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Water Management 
metrics refer to page 91.
   
 
 
  
     
 
     
• Conducted internal assurance 
on FY2024 municipal water 
consumption by Group 
Corporate Assurance.
• Developed water reduction 
strategies for sites identified 
to have high water 
consumption.
• Supported green initiatives 
like refraining from car 
washes and aquifer recharge 
projects.
• Performed asset condition 
assessments of critical 
wastewater infrastructure.
Value Creation for FY2024
3 WATER MANAGEMENT
 Why Is It Important?
Water management is the sustainable use and conservation of water across our operations. We prioritise sourcing, using and recycling 
water to efficiently protect the environment, support communities and ensure business continuity.
 Our Approach
• Commit to water conservation and sustainability through the integration of Safety and 
Sustainability Tier Plans.
• Report on the monthly performance of municipal, harvested and recycled water usage 
collected and processed by operational units.
 Risks & Key Challenges
• Water scarcity and supply disruptions due to climate change events.
• Infrastructure failures caused by ageing assets.
• Municipal water supply restrictions in vulnerable regions.
Short-term
• Progress from strategy development to implementation of water conservation 
projects.
Medium-term
• Target water-intensive areas of our operations to improve management and 
efficiency.
Long-term
• Enhance our reporting accuracy by leveraging on smart consumption technology 
and investing in water conservation infrastructure.
Planned Activities
“Our unique infrastructure has the capacity to move water around our 26-acre site using head pressure and an 
electric pumping system. This enables us to distribute water to where it is needed most at a moment’s notice.”
Chris Salmon, Chief Executive Officer, Salmon Earthmoving Pty Ltd
Salmon Earthmoving
Established in Stapylton, Queensland, the previously family-owned Salmon Earthmoving Pty Ltd comes from humble beginnings 
starting their operations in the early 1940s. They have since grown their business over the last 80 years.
Salmon’s operations rely on an independent water supply system untethered from the main grid — a system which incorporates 
water sustainability practices through its advanced rainwater harvesting infrastructure. Water is collected from buildings, 
meticulously funnelled through gutters and pipes and then stored in strategically positioned large tanks. There’s also an onsite 
dam integrated into its water conservation strategy, capitalising on the natural water course on the property.
The capacity to store up to 380,000 litres of portable rainwater serves an array of domestic and commercial purposes: drinking, 
cleaning, machine washdown, dyno cooling and dust suppression. Looking ahead, Salmon aims to elevate its sustainable water 
infrastructure by installing gauges on all tanks and repurposing its contaminated water for broader commercial applications.
Highlight  An Effective Ecosystem Providing Sustainable Water Management
PG. 77


---- Page 80 ----
OPTIMISING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL FOOTPRINT
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Labour Practice 
metrics refer to page 91.
 
  
  
      
• Achieved 50% recycling 
rates across various Motors 
and Industrial sites through 
initiatives targeting 
cardboard, metal and waste 
oil.
• Reviewed our supply chain 
to assess its capabilities and 
highlight circular economy 
contributions.
• Conducted site observations 
and vendor due diligence to 
minimise risks and enhance 
reporting accuracy.
Value Creation for FY2024
• Deployed the Driving Our 
Achievement (DA) 
Performance Management 
Framework that supports our 
vision of developing a 
high-performance culture. 
The DA emphasises 
individual and team goals, 
personal development and 
work, adding value to 
customers, businesses and 
our portfolio.
Value Creation for FY2024
4 WASTE AND EFFLUENT MANAGEMENT
 Why Is It Important?
Waste and effluent management prioritises minimising waste and maximising resource recovery. We focus on reducing landfill waste 
and increasing recycling rates across all operations. We classify waste as general or hazardous and track all waste streams which helps 
to conserve resources and protect the environment.
5 LABOUR PRACTICES
 Why Is It Important?
Our labour practices are to uphold high labour standards by cultivating a safe, fair and ethical work environment for all employees, 
preventing modern slavery and empowering our workforce. Our established culture of diversity and equity creates a safe and inclusive 
workplace that builds trusted long-term relationships with our employees.
 Our Approach
• Collaborate with trusted waste collectors throughout our supply chain following all 
jurisdictional waste management requirements.
• Integrate our Safety and Sustainability Tier Plans into our waste management which 
supports environmental goal setting.
• Capture waste through our monthly reporting process, monitoring it alongside health 
and safety key performance indicators.
 Risks & Key Challenges   Refer to the ERM Report (HSE) on page 44.
• Improper storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous waste.
• Certified vendor scarcity and data collection limitations in emerging markets.
 Our Approach
• Conduct ongoing region-specific risk assessments that are tailored to the unique 
needs of our operations.
• Support employee wellbeing and promote internal opportunities and development 
initiatives.
• Promote diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) through employee training programmes.
• Address grievances and complaints through proactive mechanisms.
 Risks & Key Challenges    Refer to the ERM Report (Regulatory 
Compliance) on page 45.
• Disciplinary or legal action if standards are breached.
• Increased dissatisfaction and turnover among employees due to unfair treatment.
Short-term
• Improve waste management practices including wastewater management to further 
reduce our environmental impact.
Medium-term
• Reduce operating costs through waste repurposing, reselling and recycling.
Long-term
• Enhance data accuracy through precise measurements and work to increase our 
recycling rates.
Planned Activities
Short-term
• Enhance operational efficiency for improved customer satisfaction.
• Increase employee development opportunities to improve employee retention and 
satisfaction.
Medium-term
• Continuously grow our positive DEI culture.
Long-term
• Uphold industry-leading standards in labour practices.
Planned Activities
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs
    
  
  
           
Annual Report 2024
PG. 78
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 81 ----
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Health and Safety 
metrics refer to page 91.
   
 
 
  
         
Sime Darby Motors New Zealand (SDMNZ)
The Motors NZ Truckstops Safety Improvement Project is aimed at enhancing safety culture and practices throughout SDMNZ with 
a focus on its Truckstops New Zealand business. Since its implementation, there has been a 40% decrease in the Total Recordable 
Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) across all SDMNZ operations for FY2024.
This demonstrates a culture shift across the organisation to improve workplace safety, with benefits being realised – a decrease in 
injuries and their severity, leading to a decrease in injury claim cost. Initially focused on six Truckstop sites, this targeted training 
has expanded across the wider SDMNZ network. Workshops to refine safety tools like ‘Take 5’, ‘Safety Interactions’ and ‘Right to 
Start’ meetings were also introduced to bolster safety awareness and engagement.
A safety culture survey was also conducted throughout Truckstops allowing our employees to provide valuable insights that 
informs future improvements and strengthen employee engagement.
Highlight  Sime Darby Motors New Zealand Drives Significant Safety Improvements
• Strengthened Life Saving 
Commitments across our 
Motors business.
• Deployed health, safety and 
wellbeing awareness 
campaigns across our 
portfolio to leverage global 
awareness days.
• Commenced employee 
preventative health and 
wellbeing programmes, 
including early intervention 
services across our Motors 
operations in Australia and 
New Zealand.
• Integrated newly acquired 
operating units into key 
reporting requirements.
Value Creation for FY2024
6 HEALTH AND SAFETY
 Why Is It Important?
Health and safety involves creating a safe and healthy work environment where every employee can return home unharmed. With a 
proactive safety culture that is driven by our guiding principle of ‘No Harm’, we prioritise the protection of our employees, customers, 
contractors and visitors.
 Our Approach
• Provide mandatory health, safety and environment (HSE) inductions for all employees.
• Expanded the SELF safety culture programme through strategic delivery, 
strengthening safety-focused decision-making.
• Encourage proactive safety reporting and participation to manage risks.
• Continue to enhance safety practices, improving consistent standards across our 
organisation.
• Proactively use collated safety data to inform decisions and improvements.
 Risks & Key Challenges   Refer to the ERM Report (HSE) on page 44.
• Harm to our employees, customers, contractors and visitors.
• Legal and regulatory consequences of safety breaches.
• Negative impact on employee morale and productivity leading to difficulties retaining 
top talent.
• Damaged reputation and stakeholder relationships due to unsafe conditions.
• Financial and non-financial costs associated with workplace incidents.
Short-term
• Proactively encourage health and safety reporting to ensure immediate 
investigations into possible occurences or risks and the development of 
preventative and corrective actions.
• Continue to align operational policies with evolving regulatory frameworks.
Medium-term
• Enhance our safety systems and data analysis through technology and innovation.
• Continuously expand our SELF safety culture programme to keep it current, while 
tailoring it to local audiences.
Long-term
• Enhance our ‘No Harm’ goal through continuous health and safety improvements.
Planned Activities
PG. 79


---- Page 82 ----
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Diversity metrics 
refer to page 91.
  
  
  
     
OPTIMISING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL FOOTPRINT
• Launched comprehensive 
programmes across our 
portfolio including ‘Together 
as One’, ‘24/7 Respect’, 
cultural celebrations, 
International Women’s Day 
initiatives, Women in 
Leadership programmes, Pink 
Shirt Day and financial and 
mental wellbeing support.
• Offered scholarship and 
Special Needs Bursary 
Programme ranging from 
spirituality to leadership to 
supporting Persons with 
Disabilities (PWD), the B40 
and marginalised 
communities in Malaysia.
• Launched market-driven 
recognition awards to 
promote core values in our 
organisational culture and 
processes.
• Proactively addressed gender 
pay parity.
• Maintained high 
psychological safety scores 
through the Hastings 
Deering Life programme.
• Boosted female 
representation in Motors and 
Industrial Divisions.
• Successfully increased 
employee engagement 
Group-wide, especially 
within Motors Australia and 
New Zealand divisions.
Value Creation for FY2024
7 DIVERSITY
 Why Is It Important?
Diversity in a workplace is where every individual, regardless of background, feels valued, respected and empowered to reach their 
full potential. By embracing the richness of our diverse workforce, including gender and generational perspectives, we create an 
environment of innovation, engagement and collective success.
 Our Approach
• Influence positive organisational culture through proactive practices that create an 
open and inclusive work environment.
• Prioritise employee wellbeing and safety through education, support programmes and 
open communication channels.
• Enhance career development through mentorship, coaching and recognition 
programmes, with a specific focus on empowering women.
• Embed inclusive values into our organisational culture and processes while proactively 
promoting culture, gender, ability and generational diversity.
• Address discrimination and misconduct through robust investigation and corrective 
actions.
• Implement robust reporting and support mechanisms while complying with all 
regulatory requirements.
 Risks & Key Challenges
• Inadequate diversity and inclusion strategies can hinder talent acquisition and 
retention.
• Lack of inclusivity can erode employee morale, productivity and overall organisational 
performance.
Short-term
• Continue to embed our values into our performance and development framework.
• Expand our female empowerment programmes and increase awareness of mental 
health and wellbeing through targeted campaigns and support resources.
Medium-term
• Enhance the sense of inclusion and belonging among employees.
• Promote our recognition programmes to encourage positive behaviours and 
celebrate diversity and inclusion.
Long-term
• Enhance our diversity and inclusion policies to be aligned with our organisational 
processes and business goals.
Planned Activities
Making Mental Health Matter
Sime Darby prioritised mental health in FY2024 with a company-wide campaign. Employees were encouraged to assess their mental 
wellbeing using a self-assessment checklist based on the internationally recognised Mental Health Continuum.
Leaders and safety teams participated in additional webinars focusing on the latest insights into workplace mental health. The 
two-week campaign was conducted through Right to Start and Toolbox Talk meetings, facilitating open discussions about mental 
health. Employees seeking further support were directed to mental health providers or external healthcare services.
The campaign supports our vision of fostering a supportive and inclusive workplace, while raising awareness about mental health 
and the impact it can have on employees and their colleagues.
Highlight  Diversity
Annual Report 2024
PG. 80
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 83 ----
THEME 2
While we have made improvements to 
embed ESG principles into the fabric of 
our business, it is our employees who 
are the driving force behind our 
progress. By investing in their 
development and wellbeing, we are 
positioning our organisation to have the 
competitive edge for sustained success.
Our journey over the past year has been defined by our people. We focused on developing our talent, creating 
opportunities for growth and strengthening our culture of high performance. Our dedication to our employees includes 
supplementing any skill gaps with training and developing careers with performance management.
Our passion for people also extends to creating positive social impacts through community initiatives. Yayasan Sime 
Darby, our philanthropic arm in Malaysia, spearheaded environmental and social projects, such as the WildRoots 
docuseries on conservation and Program Sumbangan Asas Rahmah, which provided essential aid to hundreds of families. 
We have donated to 75 organisations/distinct programmes we consider our beneficiaries, noting that these organisations 
have indicated a collective impact of more than 400,000 individuals.
Our businesses are also encouraged to forge strong local relationships for lasting social impact. For example during the 
year, Motors Australia raised AU$62,000 for the Sydney Children’s Hospital Foundation through a MINI Cooper 
fundraising event.
Establishing healthy partnerships and proactive initiatives enable us to make a tangible difference in the lives of many. 
As we look ahead, our focus remains on building a responsible organisation that supports talent growth, community 
development and one that delivers value to all stakeholders.
PEOPLE AT THE HEART OF PROGRESS
INSPIRING OUR  
EMPLOYEES TO  
DELIVER  
MEANINGFUL  
CHANGE
MATERIALITY MATTERS
ESG Oversight, Measurement and Reporting1
Employee Training and Development2
Community Contributions and Development3
PG. 81


---- Page 84 ----
INSPIRING OUR EMPLOYEES TO DELIVER MEANINGFUL CHANGE
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs
   
  
  
            
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Employee Training 
and Development 
metrics refer to page 91.  
  
  
      
• Fostered cross-functional 
collaboration to drive ESG 
strategy and initiatives.
• Strengthened brand 
reputation by aligning with 
ESG standards and 
regulations.
• Enhanced internal 
communication and 
education to drive 
accountability and culture 
for ESG initiatives.
• Internal Assurance provided 
across Bursa Malaysia 
Common Material Matters 
and Associated Indicators.
Value Creation for FY2024
• Enhanced leadership 
capabilities through the 
Aspiring Leaders, People 
Managers and Strategic 
Leaders Programmes.
• Strengthened our talent 
pipeline with Apprenticeship/
Management Trainee and 
Technical and Vocational 
Education and Training 
(TVET) programmes.
• Improved digital proficiency 
through digital and 
generative AI masterclasses.
• Enhanced personal and 
professional development 
through Employee Education 
Sponsorship Programme.
• Enhanced customer focus 
through training on products 
and customer service.
• Fostered a positive approach 
to safety through our SELF 
safety culture programme.
Value Creation for FY2024
1 ESG OVERSIGHT, MEASUREMENT AND REPORTING
 Why Is It Important?
ESG oversight measurement and reporting means having clear sustainable goals and targets that enable us to measure our 
performance, allowing us to improve transparency and accountability with our stakeholders. Having rigorous oversight improves our 
ability to identify opportunities, creates added value and mitigates risks associated with ESG.
2 EMPLOYEE TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT
 Why Is It Important?
Employee training is aimed at developing a high-performing and engaged workforce by strategically investing in talent development. 
We align learning experiences with business goals to enhance employee capabilities, drive retention and ensure sustainable 
organisational success.
 Our Approach
• Integrate ESG into core business strategy and establish ESG performance metrics to 
improve accountability.
• Utilise reporting data to support transparent communications and mitigate the risk of 
greenwashing.
• Maintain ongoing evaluation of ESG performance across our portfolio with oversight 
by the Board.
 Risks & Key Challenges    Refer to the ERM Report (Regulatory 
Compliance) on page 45.
• Limited ESG knowledge and skills leading to difficulties embedding ESG into daily 
operations and challenges in balancing priorities alongside short-term business pressures.
• Challenges in gathering, managing and using ESG data effectively.
• Penalties for non-compliance with ESG regulations and standards.
 Our Approach
• Build a strong talent pipeline through upskilling and development programmes.
• Support employees with frameworks and policies i.e. Performance and Development 
framework.
• Offer specialised training for different employee levels and external certifications.
• Prioritise employee wellbeing through coaching and career planning support.
• Align talent development with business objectives and organisational values.
• Conduct regular performance reviews aligned with the Driving Our Achievement (DA) 
framework.
 Risks & Key Challenges   Refer to the ERM Report (People) on page 45.
• Inadequate training can disrupt operations and compromise company values.
• Lack of employee productivity and increased errors.
• Poor employee performance leads to difficulty in achieving business objectives.
Short-term
• Improve data collection and management systems.
Medium-term
• Develop educational tools to enhance ESG understanding to improve performance.
Long-term
• Continue to align with the latest changes in ESG standards and regulations.
Planned Activities
Short-term
• Identify and address immediate skill gaps with targeted training programmes.
• Enhance internal mobility and upskilling opportunities.
Medium-term
• Deepen the practice of our performance and development framework, enhancing 
performance management processes and coaching culture.
Long-term
• Further develop TVET programmes and ESG training to align with industry demands.
Planned Activities
Annual Report 2024
PG. 82
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 85 ----
“The WildRoots docuseries truly encapsulates the government and many other stakeholders’ work and commitment 
in saving the central forest spine, inviting Malaysians from every segment of society to contribute to preserving our 
environmental heritage,”
Nik Nazmi Nik Ahmad, Minister for Natural Resources and Environmental Sustainability.
Yayasan Sime Darby (YSD)
The WildRoots docuseries is a stunning visual journey through the 5.3 million hectares of rainforests, aiming to raise awareness 
about the critical importance of Malaysia’s Central Forest Spine (CFS). The docuseries showcases CFS rich biodiversity and the 
urgent need for its protection.
Produced by Yayasan Sime Darby and with a RM20,000 investment, Sime Darby continues to demonstrate its commitment to 
environmental stewardship and highlights the Group’s commitment to safeguarding the CFS through proactive collaboration. 
WildRoots features the support of those who praised the initiative and its collaboration with project partners.
Our efforts extend beyond environmental conservation. Investing in initiatives like WildRoots is part of Sime Darby’s broader 
commitment to improving environmental sustainability and social responsibility.
Highlight  Sowing Seeds of Change for Lasting Impact
Across the Group, we generate 
substantial value within the local 
communities where we operate. 
Some notable initiatives are:
• YSD launched WildRoots 
docuseries in Malaysia to 
showcase conservation 
efforts for the Central Forest 
Spine landscape.
• YSD provided essential aid 
to 251 families through the 
Program Sumbangan Asas 
Rahmah.
• YSD sponsored RM500,000 
to the Reef Check Malaysia 
(RCM) for two years and 
RM2.1 million to the Marine 
Research Foundation (MRF) 
for four and a half years as 
part of marine conservation 
and protection efforts.
• Motors New Zealand 
partnered with Mental Health 
Foundation NZ and raised 
NZ$46,000 to fund 190,297 
mental health resources for 
local communities.
• Tractors Singapore Limited 
awarded bursaries valued at 
SG$10,000 each to two 
underprivileged students.
• Motors Australia donated a 
MINI Cooper which raised 
AU$62,000 for the Sydney 
Children’s Hospital 
Foundation at the Gold 
Dinner Fundraising Gala.
Value Creation for FY2024
3 COMMUNITY CONTRIBUTIONS AND DEVELOPMENT
 Why Is It Important?
Community contributions and development build strong relationships, uphold our social responsibility and improve community 
wellbeing. Our support drives sustainable community growth to achieve long-term positive social and environmental impacts.
 Our Approach
• Led community initiatives through Yayasan Sime Darby in Malaysia and local non-
governmental organisations (NGO) partnerships across other markets.
• Promoted employee volunteerism and supported various NGOs focused on education, 
environment, community and health, sports, arts and culture.
• Worked with communities to design community projects, with continuous monitoring 
of projects to maximise positive outcomes.
 Risks & Key Challenges
• Reputational damage from failing to meet community expectations.
• Stakeholder resistance due to insufficient engagement.
Short-term
• Develop a comprehensive Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Framework across 
our portfolio and improve our impact monitoring systems.
Medium-term
• Broaden our collaborations with NGOs and other stakeholders.
Long-term
• Measure and report on the long-term impact of our CSR activities.
Planned Activities
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Community 
Contributions and 
Development metrics 
refer to page 92.  
  
  
       
PG. 83


---- Page 86 ----
THEME 3
Customer satisfaction remains at the 
heart of our operations. We build 
sustainable partnerships with trust by 
exceeding expectations, ensuring 
business continuity and upholding the 
highest ethical standards. We also 
prioritise a culture of integrity, 
transparency and compliance while 
building a responsible supply chain that 
safeguards our environment and 
community.
In FY2024, we advanced our environmental stewardship, ethical practices and focus on our customers by proactively 
engaging in sustainable partnerships. By investing in our people, technology and supply chain, we have strengthened our 
ability to adapt to changing market conditions. This underscored the importance of business continuity where we took a 
proactive approach to risk management and operational resilience to navigate the uncertainties effectively.
Our focus on understanding and meeting customer needs has driven innovation and product development, resulting in 
our investment in digital transformation to enhance customer experiences, from online platforms to streamlined service 
delivery. We also prioritised local suppliers, particularly small and medium-sized enterprises (SME), to strengthen our 
value chain while contributing to community development.
Despite these significant strides, there is always room for improvement. In this financial year we received two verified 
corruption violations which did not have material financial impact to Sime Darby. These were addressed without delay 
through the Group’s formal management process.
Looking ahead, we will continue to build strong partnerships and leverage technology to create long-term value for all 
stakeholders.
COLLABORATIVE GROWTH THROUGH SUSTAINABLE PARTNERSHIPS
ENGAGING IN  
SUSTAINABLE  
PARTNERSHIPS
MATERIALITY MATTERS
Customer Satisfaction1
Business Continuity2
Business Ethics and Compliance  
(Including Anti-Bribery/Corruption)3
Responsible Supply Chain4
Annual Report 2024
PG. 84
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 87 ----
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs
    
  
  
        
• Launched Sime Darby 
Motors OneGo mobile app.
• Introduced digital payment 
systems for BYD Malaysia 
customers to create seamless 
transactions.
• Strengthened cross-selling 
and collaboration within the 
Group to improve our 
sustainable product and 
service offerings.
• Established long-term 
partnerships with green 
technology providers.
• Launched new Industrial 
Dealership websites to 
improve customer experience.
 For specific initiatives and 
achievements from our 
Industrial, Motors and UMW 
Divisions, please refer to pages 
58 to 65 of this report.
Value Creation for FY2024
• Conducted BCM desktop 
walkthrough exercises at key 
operating entities, including 
Auto Bavaria Ara Damansara 
and Guangdong CEL China.
• Conducted full-scale IT 
disaster recovery drill to test 
IT resilience.
• Increased the awareness on 
crisis communication 
procedures through targeted 
trainings and exercises.
• Developed BCM exercise and 
testing playbook.
• Organised training for BCM 
fraternity to enhance 
proficiency in conducting 
BCM exercises.
Value Creation for FY2024
1 CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
 Why Is It Important?
We are committed in meeting and exceeding the expectations of our customers and business partners through our range of products 
and services. We provide optimal solutions that align with evolving needs to ensure performance and reliability.
2 BUSINESS CONTINUITY
 Why Is It Important?
Business continuity safeguards our operations and sustains the company’s performance by proactively preparing for potential business 
disruptions. This includes establishing a robust infrastructure that enables us to anticipate, prepare for and effectively respond to 
disruptions, ensuring the continuity of our business and protection of shared value.
 Our Approach
• Enhance customer experience by expanding omnichannel communications and 
customer touchpoints.
• Continuously analysing customer feedback to improve service.
• Utilise proactive communication to deliver bespoke high-quality services that foster 
trust and loyalty.
• Develop strong relationships through personalised customer journeys, after-sales 
services and loyalty programmes.
• Empower our employees’ capabilities through targeted training and upskilling initiatives.
• Leveraged digital solutions to streamline our customer processes.
 Risks & Key Challenges    Refer to the ERM Report (Product Service and 
Delivery) on page 43.
• Potential loss of market share due to customer dissatisfaction.
• Supply chain risks that harm reputation and increase costs.
 Our Approach
• Conduct assessments of potential threats and implement strategies to respond and 
mitigate potential operational disruptions.
• Establish a Business Continuity Management (BCM) programme that comprises necessary 
response and recovery plans such as Emergency Response Plan, Crisis Communication Plan, 
IT Disaster Recovery Plan, Cyber Incident Response Plan and Business Continuity Plan.
 Risks & Key Challenges    Refer to the ERM Report (Market Dynamics) on 
page 42 & (Climate Change) page 44.
• Operational disruptions due to unexpected threats, crises and disasters.
• Business failure due to an inability to adapt to the external environment.
• Economic downturns, market shifts and competitive pressures.
Short-term
• Maintain exceptional service and build customer trust through personalised 
solutions, while enhancing service efficiency with digital tools and feedback.
Medium-term
• Support customer decarbonisation efforts, improve product quality and enhance 
employee capabilities to ensure superior customer service.
Long-term
• Gain competitive advantage by driving innovation and elevating customer 
satisfaction.
Planned Activities
Short-term
• Increase BCM awareness via trainings and testing of existing BCM plans.
Medium-term
• Review and enhance existing BCM plans and identify gaps through periodical 
assessments.
Long-term
• Integrate BCM principles at all levels and embed them into the organisational culture.
Planned Activities
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs
    
  
  
         
PG. 85


---- Page 88 ----
ENGAGING IN SUSTAINABLE PARTNERSHIPS
Empowering Ethical Excellence
We believe ethical conduct is more than just a policy or a set of rules. It’s a personal journey that each of us embarks on every day. 
To reinforce this commitment, we facilitate a mandatory annual e-learning programme for all employees focused on the Code of 
Business Conduct and Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABC).
The comprehensive training programme covers essential topics such as ABC, group policies and authorities, conflict of interest, 
gifts, hospitality and donations and whistleblowing. By addressing these critical areas, our e-learning programme equips employees 
with the knowledge and tools to make informed ethical decisions and contribute to a positive and transparent work environment.
We strive to reinforce our culture of integrity and accountability, by providing our employees tools that empower them to make 
ethical choices and uphold the highest standards of conduct.
Highlight  Business Ethics and Compliance (Including Anti-Bribery/Corruption)
• Validated Anti-Bribery 
Management System (ABMS) 
during Cycle 1 and 
commenced Cycle 2 with a 
focus on corruption risk 
assessments.
• Developed and 
operationalised Conflict of 
Interest (COI) Guideline in 
line with Bursa requirements.
• Ran ABC awareness 
campaigns, including rolling 
out ABC wallpaper in 
conjunction with International 
Anti-Corruption Day.
• Awareness on Gifts, 
Hospitality and Donations 
(GHD) was made via festive 
communications that was sent 
via the yourTrust application 
reaching 1,790 employees.
• Conducted GHD training in 
China with 2,764 participants.
• Facilitated mandatory annual 
e-learning on the Code of 
Business Conduct and ABC 
for all employees.
Value Creation for FY2024
3 BUSINESS ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE (INCLUDING ANTI-BRIBERY/CORRUPTION)
 Why Is It Important?
Business ethics is the culture of uncompromising integrity where ethical conduct, transparency and compliance with anti-bribery and 
anti-corruption laws are the foundation of our business operations. We are committed to creating an environment where everyone 
understands and upholds the highest ethical standards, backed by robust systems, processes and a mindset focused on compliance 
and protection of our reputation.
 Our Approach
• Ensure strong commitment to compliance and integrity from the Board and senior 
management through the Risk Management and Sustainability Committee (RMSC) and 
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Steering Committee (ABC SC).
• Implement a suite of policies, including the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, Code 
of Business Conduct, Whistleblowing Charter & Framework and Conflict of Interest 
Guideline.
• Conduct regular compliance assessments using the Regulatory Compliance Monitoring 
Questionnaire (RCMQ).
• Report regulatory compliance to the RMSC on a quarterly basis.
 Risks & Key Challenges    Refer to the ERM Report (Regulatory 
Compliance) on page 45.
• Reputational damage due to bribery and corruption incidents.
• Ethical lapses and non-compliance may lead to loss of stakeholder trust.
• Financial loss due to dishonest conduct.
Short-term
• To obtain approval on the ABMS 2.0 by ABC SC to be Sime Darby Anti-Corruption 
Plan (SDACP).
Medium-term
• Complete Cycle 2 of corruption risk assessments.
Long-term
• Revalidation of SDACP.
Planned Activities
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Business Ethics and 
Compliance (Including 
Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption) metrics refer 
to page 92.
   
  
  
         
Annual Report 2024
PG. 86
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 89 ----
“It was developed in response to needs raised by companies, for them to cost effectively and seamlessly comply 
with various local and international ESG reporting frameworks,”
said Tan Sri Abdul Wahid Omar, Chairman of Bursa Malaysia about the  
Centralised Sustainability Intelligence (CSI) Platform.
UMW
In June 2024, Bursa Malaysia launched the CSI Platform with support from UMW through an early adopter programme.  
The platform streamlines ESG reporting, reduces carbon emissions and enhances global competitiveness for Malaysian businesses. 
It also enables companies to assess and reduce their carbon footprint, opening doors to green financing opportunities.
Global frameworks hosted by the CSI Platform to help businesses align with international best practices are:
• International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
• Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
• Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
• The Greenhouse Gas Protocol
Now accessible nationwide, the CSI Platform facilitates the seamless sharing of information across the value chain, bolstering 
sustainability of the supply chain. As pilots of the platform, UMW has demonstrated the power of sustainable partnerships and 
how they can drive positive change towards a greener future and low-carbon economy.
Highlight  A Shared Vision for A Greener Malaysia
• Launched the Responsible 
Sourcing Policy in December 
2023, setting clear 
expectations for vendors on 
environmental protection, 
fair labour practices, human 
rights and business ethics.
• Improved sustainability 
across our supply chain by 
offering targeted support to 
vendors, particularly SMEs.
• Strengthened local 
economies by prioritising 
local suppliers, boosting 
community development and 
economic growth.
• Enhanced operational 
efficiency through digital 
procurement systems.
Value Creation for FY2024
4 RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN
 Why Is It Important?
A responsible supply chain is resilient, prioritising ethics, environment and social responsibility. We seize opportunities to drive 
sustainable practices, ensuring partner and community wellbeing, as well as compliance with regulations, effective risk management 
and the delivery of long-term value through a transparent, accountable network.
 Our Approach
• Commit to safeguarding workers’ rights throughout our value chain, including 
suppliers, through our Human Rights Charter.
• Reinforce our Vendor Code of Business Conduct, guiding vendors to uphold high 
standards of ethics and integrity.
• Screen new and existing suppliers for risks related to sanctions, bribery and 
corruption, applying a rigorous vendor due diligence process.
 Risks & Key Challenges    Refer to the ERM Report (Regulatory 
Compliance) on page 45.
• Non-compliance with labour laws and standards can lead to lawsuits, fines and penalties.
• Supply chain disruptions caused by supplier misconduct or environmental incidents.
• Damaged relationships with customers, investors and other stakeholders due to ethical 
lapses.
Short-term
• Launch the Responsible Sourcing programme, focusing on task force development, 
governance, regional rollout and vendor segmentation.
Medium-term
• Integrate the Responsible Sourcing programme into our procurement policy, led by 
the Group Procurement Leadership Council and conduct ESG risk assessments 
across the supply chain.
Long-term
• Build a resilient supplier network committed to sustainability and responsible 
practices.
Planned Activities
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Responsible 
Supply Chain metrics 
refer to page 92.   
  
  
          
PG. 87


---- Page 90 ----
THEME 4
Our culture of creativity and efficiency 
drives technological and innovative 
solutions, delivering value to customers 
while prioritising sustainable product 
development and upholding data 
privacy and security standards.
In FY2024, technology has played a key role, with automation, data analytics and digital solutions to improve efficiency, 
reducing our environmental footprint and fostering growth.
We expanded our electric vehicle (EV) offerings by securing distribution rights for XPENG in Hong Kong and establishing 
115 EV charging stations in Malaysia, in partnership with Gentari. We also increased our portfolio of energy-efficient 
Caterpillar products to more than 100 across our Industrial network. Our sustainability efforts extended to introducing 
biodegradable hydraulic lubricants, food-grade grease and in the development of the UMW High-Value Manufacturing 
(HVM) Park – the first GreenRE-certified industrial park in Selangor, Malaysia.
We also maintained our strong track record in data privacy, with zero breaches and no major risks to customer privacy.
Looking ahead, we will continue to invest in research and development, explore emerging technologies and strengthen 
partnerships to build a more sustainable future.
TRANSFORMING IDEAS INTO IMPACT
DRIVING  
SUSTAINABLE  
INNOVATION AND  
TECHNOLOGY
MATERIALITY MATTERS
Sustainable Product Offering1
Technology and Innovation2
Data Privacy and Security3
Annual Report 2024
PG. 88
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 91 ----
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs
     
  
  
        
Sime Darby Motors
In FY2024, Sime Darby Motors partnered with Gentari to expand Malaysia’s EV infrastructure, establishing 115 charging stations 
throughout its showrooms nationwide. The partnership will explore opportunities to install stations at public locations such as 
hotels and healthcare centres. Solar energy integration is also being investigated to power the network, underscoring our 
commitment to reduce carbon emissions and advance eco-friendly transportation solutions.
Highlight  Accelerating Green Mobility Adoption
• Expanded electric vehicle 
(EV) offerings by securing 
distribution rights for XPENG 
in Hong Kong.
• Introduced more than 100 
Caterpillar products with 
energy-efficient 
improvements across the 
Industrial network since 
2020.
• Partnered with Gentari to 
establish 115 EV charging 
stations (and related EV 
infrastructure) across 
Malaysian showrooms.
• Refurbished over 600 
forklifts, expanding product 
offerings through 
electrification and 
biodegradable solutions.
Value Creation for FY2024
1 SUSTAINABLE PRODUCT OFFERING
 Why Is It Important?
Sustainable product offerings minimise environmental impact throughout the product life cycle, from sourcing materials to disposal. 
Our goal is to create energy-efficient, eco-friendly solutions that support decarbonisation and meet customer expectations while 
maintaining performance and functionality.
 Our Approach
• Promote electric, hybrid, hydrogen vehicles and mobility solutions across our Motors 
network.
• Introduce energy-efficient products including machinery and biodegradable lubricants.
• Reduce environmental footprint through solar energy, rainwater harvesting and green 
fleets.
• Focus on remanufacturing, refurbishment and automation to extend product life.
 Risks & Key Challenges    Refer to the ERM Report (Business Partners) on 
page 42 and (Product, Service and Delivery) on 
page 43.
• Rising competition in sustainable offerings, leading to potential customer attrition.
• Brand damage and market relevance issues due to perceived lack of sustainability 
focus.
• Challenges in product development, commercialisation and consumer acceptance of 
premium pricing.
• Rising costs, supply chain disruptions and evolving sustainability policies and 
regulations.
• Internal resistance to change and the need for upskilling.
Short-term
• Leverage regulations, technology and demand to enhance delivery of energy-
efficient products while addressing consumer education and cost management.
Medium-term
• Strengthen partnerships to enhance sustainable product development, expand 
low-carbon product portfolios and expand portfolio of powertrain technologies 
using alternative fuels.
Long-term
• Drive innovative developments and intellectual property ownership or proprietary 
technologies.
Planned Activities
PG. 89


---- Page 92 ----
DRIVING SUSTAINABLE INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs  For Data Privacy and 
Security metrics please 
refer to page 92.   
  
  
      
Capitals Strategy Pillars Stakeholders SDGs
   
  
  
         
• Introduced a real-time 
monitoring system to improve 
plant maintenance and 
workforce management at 
our Inokom facility.
• Rolled out workforce planning 
and analytics solutions across 
the Chinese Mainland to 
optimise resource, 
performance and talent.
• Signed a Memorandum of 
Understanding with Universiti 
Putra Malaysia (UPM) to 
explore green and sustainable 
technologies.
• Decoda carried out trials with 
its mining customers for 
RockAware, a digital solution 
for mining equipment tyre 
management.
• Introduced biodegradable 
hydraulic lubricants and multi- 
purpose food-grade grease.
• Established a High-Value 
Manufacturing (HVM) Park as 
the first GreenRE-certified 
industrial park in Selangor.
Value Creation for FY2024
• Recorded zero breaches and 
identified no significant risks 
affecting customer privacy.
• Boosted cybersecurity with 
Privileged Access 
Management (PAM) and 
Third-Party Risk 
Management (TPRM).
• Enhanced compliance and 
reduced threats using PAM.
• Improved security standards 
via thorough vendor 
assessments with TPRM.
Value Creation for FY2024
2 TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION
 Why Is It Important?
Technology and innovation are needed to drive efficient, secure and sustainable product development by transforming ideas into 
tangible solutions that benefit customers and the environment.
3 DATA PRIVACY AND SECURITY
 Why Is It Important?
Protecting sensitive data from unauthorised access is crucial to building trust with stakeholders and ensuring compliance with relevant 
regulations.
 Our Approach
• Embrace automation and digitisation to boost efficiency and reliability.
• Collaborate with partners to accelerate innovation in electric vehicles (EVs), electric 
offerings, autonomous vehicles and alternative fuels.
• Leverage data analytics to advance manufacturing techniques and optimise processes.
• Invest in sustainable technologies like biodegradable lubricants and lightweight 
materials for aerospace.
• Adopt industrial automation and explore green products.
• Enhance security protocols for data platforms and systems.
 Risks & Key Challenges   Refer to the ERM Report (Disruption) on page 43.
• Exposure to cyberattacks, data breaches and unforeseen risks from new technologies.
• High development costs with uncertain investment returns.
• Inefficiencies and operational constraints from manual processes.
• Challenges in scaling new technologies across global operations.
 Our Approach
• Establish robust security measures supported by clear policies.
• Utilise encryption tools to secure company devices.
• Focus on educating employees about data privacy and security risks.
• Improved data security through continuous review and enhancement of our 
technological infrastructure.
 Risks & Key Challenges   Refer to the ERM Report (Cybersecurity) on page 44.
• Cyberattacks (malware, ransomware, phishing) and third-party data breaches within 
the supply chain.
• Cross-border data transfer challenges due to varying privacy laws.
• Financial and operational risks from data breaches.
Short-term
• Enhance operational efficiency and security through automation and performance 
monitoring.
Medium-term
• Adopt AI and advanced data analytics to deliver customised solutions for customers.
Long-term
• Expand investment in research and development to continue innovating our 
sustainable practices and technologies.
Planned Activities
Short-term
• Enhance Third-Party Risk Management (TPRM) for the Group.
• Fortify cybersecurity framework to address external partner vulnerabilities.
Medium-term
• Ensure robust protection of sensitive data and compliance adherence.
Long-term
• Maintain continuous monitoring and adaptation to mitigate emerging threats.
Planned Activities
Annual Report 2024
PG. 90
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 93 ----
Indicator Measurement Unit 2024
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption^ Megawatt 1,646,224.00
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 1,367.000000
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by
employee category
Management Hours 19,537
Executive Hours 82,374
Non-Executive Hours 184,702
Workers Hours 116,618
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that
are contractors or temporary staff
Percentage 6.00
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee
turnover by employee category
Executive and above Number 776
Non-Executive Number 1,623
Workers Number 882
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated
complaints concerning human rights
violations
Number 0
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related
fatalities
Number 2
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.21
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained
on health and safety standards
Number 25,018
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by
gender and age group, for each employee
category
Age Group by Employee Category
Top Management Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 15.30
Top Management Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 78.80
Top Management Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 5.90
Top Management Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 0.00
Senior Management Baby Boomers (1962
& earlier)
Percentage 10.95
Senior Management Gen X (1963 
1979)
Percentage 76.64
Senior Management Gen Y (1980 
1996)
Percentage 12.41
Senior Management Gen Z (1997 &
later)
Percentage 0.00
Middle Management Baby Boomers
(1962 & earlier)
Percentage 5.20
Middle Management Gen X (1963 
1979)
Percentage 60.40
Middle Management Gen Y (1980 
1996)
Percentage 34.40
Middle Management Gen Z (1997 &
later)
Percentage 0.00
Junior Executives Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 3.83
Junior Executives Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 33.35
Junior Executives Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 53.07
Junior Executives Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 9.75
Non-Executive Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 1.90
Non-Executive Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 20.10
Non-Executive Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 60.40
Non-Executive Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 17.60
Workers Baby Boomers (1962 & earlier) Percentage 2.47
Workers Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 16.96
Workers Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 47.30
Workers Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 33.27
Gender Group by Employee Category
Top Management Male Percentage 85.00
Top Management Female Percentage 15.00
Senior Management Male Percentage 80.00
Senior Management Female Percentage 20.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2024
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption^ Megawatt 1,646,224.00
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 1,367.000000
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by
employee category
Management Hours 19,537
Executive Hours 82,374
Non-Executive Hours 184,702
Workers Hours 116,618
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that
are contractors or temporary staff
Percentage 6.00
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee
turnover by employee category
Executive and above Number 776
Non-Executive Number 1,623
Workers Number 882
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated
complaints concerning human rights
violations
Number 0
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related
fatalities
Number 2
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.21
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained
on health and safety standards
Number 25,018
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by
gender and age group, for each employee
category
Age Group by Employee Category
Top Management Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 15.30
Top Management Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 78.80
Top Management Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 5.90
Top Management Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 0.00
Senior Management Baby Boomers (1962
& earlier)
Percentage 10.95
Senior Management Gen X (1963 
1979)
Percentage 76.64
Senior Management Gen Y (1980 
1996)
Percentage 12.41
Senior Management Gen Z (1997 &
later)
Percentage 0.00
Middle Management Baby Boomers
(1962 & earlier)
Percentage 5.20
Middle Management Gen X (1963 
1979)
Percentage 60.40
Middle Management Gen Y (1980 
1996)
Percentage 34.40
Middle Management Gen Z (1997 &
later)
Percentage 0.00
Junior Executives Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 3.83
Junior Executives Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 33.35
Junior Executives Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 53.07
Junior Executives Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 9.75
Non-Executive Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 1.90
Non-Executive Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 20.10
Non-Executive Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 60.40
Non-Executive Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 17.60
Workers Baby Boomers (1962 & earlier) Percentage 2.47
Workers Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 16.96
Workers Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 47.30
Workers Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 33.27
Gender Group by Employee Category
Top Management Male Percentage 85.00
Top Management Female Percentage 15.00
Senior Management Male Percentage 80.00
Senior Management Female Percentage 20.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
^ Bursa C4(a) Total Energy Consumption, Bursa unit of measure incorrect should be Gigajoules as per Bursa reporting guidelines.
PG. 91
ESG DATA

---- Page 94 ----
Indicator Measurement Unit 2024
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption^ Megawatt 1,646,224.00
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 1,367.000000
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by
employee category
Management Hours 19,537
Executive Hours 82,374
Non-Executive Hours 184,702
Workers Hours 116,618
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that
are contractors or temporary staff
Percentage 6.00
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee
turnover by employee category
Executive and above Number 776
Non-Executive Number 1,623
Workers Number 882
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated
complaints concerning human rights
violations
Number 0
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related
fatalities
Number 2
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.21
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained
on health and safety standards
Number 25,018
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by
gender and age group, for each employee
category
Age Group by Employee Category
Top Management Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 15.30
Top Management Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 78.80
Top Management Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 5.90
Top Management Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 0.00
Senior Management Baby Boomers (1962
& earlier)
Percentage 10.95
Senior Management Gen X (1963 
1979)
Percentage 76.64
Senior Management Gen Y (1980 
1996)
Percentage 12.41
Senior Management Gen Z (1997 &
later)
Percentage 0.00
Middle Management Baby Boomers
(1962 & earlier)
Percentage 5.20
Middle Management Gen X (1963 
1979)
Percentage 60.40
Middle Management Gen Y (1980 
1996)
Percentage 34.40
Middle Management Gen Z (1997 &
later)
Percentage 0.00
Junior Executives Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 3.83
Junior Executives Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 33.35
Junior Executives Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 53.07
Junior Executives Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 9.75
Non-Executive Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 1.90
Non-Executive Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 20.10
Non-Executive Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 60.40
Non-Executive Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 17.60
Workers Baby Boomers (1962 & earlier) Percentage 2.47
Workers Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 16.96
Workers Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 47.30
Workers Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 33.27
Gender Group by Employee Category
Top Management Male Percentage 85.00
Top Management Female Percentage 15.00
Senior Management Male Percentage 80.00
Senior Management Female Percentage 20.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2024
Bursa (Energy management)
Bursa C4(a) Total energy consumption^ Megawatt 1,646,224.00
Bursa (Water)
Bursa C9(a) Total volume of water used Megalitres 1,367.000000
Bursa (Labour practices and standards)
Bursa C6(a) Total hours of training by
employee category
Management Hours 19,537
Executive Hours 82,374
Non-Executive Hours 184,702
Workers Hours 116,618
Bursa C6(b) Percentage of employees that
are contractors or temporary staff
Percentage 6.00
Bursa C6(c) Total number of employee
turnover by employee category
Executive and above Number 776
Non-Executive Number 1,623
Workers Number 882
Bursa C6(d) Number of substantiated
complaints concerning human rights
violations
Number 0
Bursa (Health and safety)
Bursa C5(a) Number of work-related
fatalities
Number 2
Bursa C5(b) Lost time incident rate ("LTIR") Rate 0.21
Bursa C5(c) Number of employees trained
on health and safety standards
Number 25,018
Bursa (Diversity)
Bursa C3(a) Percentage of employees by
gender and age group, for each employee
category
Age Group by Employee Category
Top Management Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 15.30
Top Management Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 78.80
Top Management Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 5.90
Top Management Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 0.00
Senior Management Baby Boomers (1962
& earlier)
Percentage 10.95
Senior Management Gen X (1963 
1979)
Percentage 76.64
Senior Management Gen Y (1980 
1996)
Percentage 12.41
Senior Management Gen Z (1997 &
later)
Percentage 0.00
Middle Management Baby Boomers
(1962 & earlier)
Percentage 5.20
Middle Management Gen X (1963 
1979)
Percentage 60.40
Middle Management Gen Y (1980 
1996)
Percentage 34.40
Middle Management Gen Z (1997 &
later)
Percentage 0.00
Junior Executives Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 3.83
Junior Executives Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 33.35
Junior Executives Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 53.07
Junior Executives Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 9.75
Non-Executive Baby Boomers (1962 &
earlier)
Percentage 1.90
Non-Executive Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 20.10
Non-Executive Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 60.40
Non-Executive Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 17.60
Workers Baby Boomers (1962 & earlier) Percentage 2.47
Workers Gen X (1963   1979) Percentage 16.96
Workers Gen Y (1980   1996) Percentage 47.30
Workers Gen Z (1997 & later) Percentage 33.27
Gender Group by Employee Category
Top Management Male Percentage 85.00
Top Management Female Percentage 15.00
Senior Management Male Percentage 80.00
Senior Management Female Percentage 20.00
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2024
Middle Management Male Percentage 72.00
Middle Management Female Percentage 28.00
Junior Executives Male Percentage 65.00
Junior Executives Female Percentage 35.00
Non-Executive Male Percentage 71.00
Non-Executive Female Percentage 29.00
Workers Male Percentage 91.00
Workers Female Percentage 9.00
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by
gender and age group
Male Percentage 75.00
Female Percentage 25.00
Under 30 Percentage 0.00
Between 30-50 Percentage 0.00
Above 50 Percentage 100.00
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the
community where the target beneficiaries
are external to the listed issuer
MYR 17,107,208.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of
the investment in communities
Number 75
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who
have received training on anti-corruption by
employee category
Executive & Management Percentage 77.84
Workers & Non-Executive Percentage 91.41
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations
assessed for corruption-related risks
Percentage 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of
corruption and action taken
Number 2
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local
suppliers
Percentage 75.21
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated
complaints concerning breaches of
customer privacy and losses of customer
data
Number 0
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Indicator Measurement Unit 2024
Middle Management Male Percentage 72.00
Middle Management Female Percentage 28.00
Junior Executives Male Percentage 65.00
Junior Executives Female Percentage 35.00
Non-Executive Male Percentage 71.00
Non-Executive Female Percentage 29.00
Workers Male Percentage 91.00
Workers Female Percentage 9.00
Bursa C3(b) Percentage of directors by
gender and age group
Male Percentage 75.00
Female Percentage 25.00
Under 30 Percentage 0.00
Between 30-50 Percentage 0.00
Above 50 Percentage 100.00
Bursa (Community/Society)
Bursa C2(a) Total amount invested in the
community where the target beneficiaries
are external to the listed issuer
MYR 17,107,208.00
Bursa C2(b) Total number of beneficiaries of
the investment in communities
Number 75
Bursa (Anti-corruption)
Bursa C1(a) Percentage of employees who
have received training on anti-corruption by
employee category
Executive & Management Percentage 77.84
Workers & Non-Executive Percentage 91.41
Bursa C1(b) Percentage of operations
assessed for corruption-related risks
Percentage 100.00
Bursa C1(c) Confirmed incidents of
corruption and action taken
Number 2
Bursa (Supply chain management)
Bursa C7(a) Proportion of spending on local
suppliers
Percentage 75.21
Bursa (Data privacy and security)
Bursa C8(a) Number of substantiated
complaints concerning breaches of
customer privacy and losses of customer
data
Number 0
Internal assurance External assurance No assurance (*)Restated
Annual Report 2024
PG. 92
Sime Darby Berhad
ESG DATA

---- Page 95 ----
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson
GROUP SECRETARY
Noor Zita Hassan
(MIA 15073)
(SSM PC No. 202008002513)
REGISTERED OFFICE
Level 9, Menara Sime Darby
Oasis Corporate Park
Jalan PJU 1A/2, Ara Damansara
47301 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
Telephone: +(603) 7623 2000
Facsimile: +(603) 7623 2100
Email: communications@simedarby.com
Website: www.simedarby.com
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Tan Sri Samsudin Osman
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Chairman)
Thayaparan Sangarapillai
(Senior Independent Non-Executive Director)
Tan Sri Ahmad Badri Mohd Zahir
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director)
Tan Sri Muhammad Shahrul Ikram Yaakob
(Independent Non-Executive Director)
Mohamad Idros Mosin
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director)
Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence
(Non-Independent Non-Executive Director)
Moy Pui Yee
(Independent Non-Executive Director)
Dato’ Dr. Nirmala Menon
(Independent Non-Executive Director)
Scott William Cameron
(Independent Non-Executive Director)
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz
(Independent Non-Executive Director)
Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir
(Independent Non-Executive Director)
Edree Ahmad
(Alternate Director to Mohamad Idros Mosin)
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson
(Non-Independent Executive Director)
SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor & Issuing House 
Services Sdn Bhd
(Registration No. 197101000970 
(11324-H))
Office:
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A
Vertical Business Suite
Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Telephone: +(603) 2783 9299
Facsimile: +(603) 2783 9222
Email: is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com
Customer Service Centre:
Unit G-3, Ground Floor
Vertical Podium
Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
AUDITORS
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT
(LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146)
Chartered Accountants
Level 10, Menara TH, 1 Sentral
Jalan Rakyat, Kuala Lumpur Sentral
50706 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Telephone: +(603) 2173 1188
Facsimile: +(603) 2173 1288
FORM OF LEGAL ENTITY
Incorporated on 7 November 2006 as a 
private company limited by shares 
under the Companies Act, 1965 and 
deemed registered under the 
Companies Act 2016. Converted into a 
public company limited by shares on 
5  April 2007
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING 
Listed on the Main Market of  
Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad since 
30 November 2007
Stock Code: 4197
Stock Name: SIME 
PLACE OF INCORPORATION AND 
DOMICILE
Malaysia
CORPORATE INFORMATION
As at 30 September 2024
PG. 93


---- Page 96 ----
AGE BAND
17%
25%
58%
50-59 Years Old
60-69 Years Old
70-79 Years Old
58%
42%
Independent Directors
Non-Independent Directors
9%
33%
25%
33%
0-3 Years
3-6 Years
6-9 Years
More than 9 Years
LENGTH OF SERVICE
17%
25%
58%
50-59 Years Old
60-69 Years Old
70-79 Years Old
58%
42%
Independent Directors
Non-Independent Directors
9%
33%
25%
33%
0-3 Years
3-6 Years
6-9 Years
More than 9 Years
INDEPENDENCE
17%
25%
58%
50-59 Years Old
60-69 Years Old
70-79 Years Old
58%
42%
Independent Directors
Non-Independent Directors
9%
33%
25%
33%
0-3 Years
3-6 Years
6-9 Years
More than 9 Years
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
Nil
Other Public Companies
Nil
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
12/12
Board Committee(s)
Nil
Areas of Expertise
Public Administration and Fund Management
Relevant Experience
Held various senior positions in the Malaysian Government 
including Secretary General, Ministry of Home Affairs and 
Ministry of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs and Chief 
Secretary to the Government of Malaysia. Former President 
of Perbadanan Putrajaya and former Chairman of Employees 
Provident Fund and EPF Investment Panel. Former Chairman 
of the Board of Trustees of the Mahathir Science Award 
Foundation. A member of the Special Independent 
Emergency Committee 2021 from 9 February 2021 to 
1  August 2021 and a member of the Royal Commission of 
Inquiry from 20 January 2022 to 19 July 2022.
Malaysian, Age 77, Male
TAN SRI SAMSUDIN OSMAN
Non-Independent Non-Executive Chairman
Date of Appointment
19 December 2008
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
15 years 9 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Arts (Hons) and Diploma in Public 
Administration, University of Malaya
• Master in Public Administration, Pennsylvania State 
University
Annual Report 2024
PG. 94
Sime Darby Berhad
BOARD AT A GLANCE
As at 30 September 2024
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 97 ----
MALE
75%
FEMALE
25%
GENDER
 NATIONALITY
10 MALAYSIAN
1 SINGAPOREAN
1 AUSTRALIAN
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
• Axiata Group Berhad
Other Public Companies
Nil
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
15/16
(inclusive of 4 out of 4 special meetings related to the 
acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad)
Board Committee(s)
• Chairman, Governance & Audit Committee
• Member, Risk Management & Sustainability Committee
Areas of Expertise
Audit, Business and Corporate Finance
Relevant Experience
Began his career with Price Waterhouse (now known as 
PricewaterhouseCoopers) and has over 35 years of 
experience providing audit and business advisory services to 
clients across a wide range of industries. His portfolio 
included major public listed companies in power, 
telecommunications, automotive, property development, 
plantation, manufacturing and trading sectors. He led 
assignments on financial due diligence, mergers & 
acquisitions, initial public offerings, finance function 
effectiveness reviews and other advisory work.
Malaysian, Age 69, Male
THAYAPARAN SANGARAPILLAI
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
1 December 2017
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
6 years 10 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Fellow, Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & 
Wales
• Member, Malaysian Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants
• Member, Malaysian Institute of Accountants
PG. 95


---- Page 98 ----
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
• RHB Bank Berhad
Other Public Companies
Nil
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
12/12
Board Committee(s)
• Chairman, Risk Management & Sustainability Committee
Areas of Expertise
Strategic Investment, Loan Management, Financial Market 
and Actuarial Science
Relevant Experience
Currently the Chairman of RHB Bank Berhad. Was the 
Chairman of the Employees Provident Fund (EPF). Had held 
various senior positions in the Ministry of Finance, including 
Secretary General of the Treasury. Has served on the Boards 
of Bank Negara Malaysia, the Retirement Fund Incorporated 
(KWAP), Permodalan Nasional Berhad and Tenaga Nasional 
Berhad. Possesses extensive experience in strategic 
investment, loan management, financial markets and 
actuarial science.
Malaysian, Age 64, Male
TAN SRI AHMAD BADRI MOHD ZAHIR
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
1 September 2020
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
4 years 1 month
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Master in Business Administration, University of Hull
• Degree in Land and Property Management, Universiti 
Teknologi MARA
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
Nil
Other Public Companies
Nil
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
14/16
(inclusive of 3 out of 4 special meetings related to the 
acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad)
Board Committee(s)
• Chairman, Nomination & Remuneration Committee
• Member, Governance & Audit Committee
Areas of Expertise
Inter-governmental relations, foreign policies, international 
and regional politics and security
Relevant Experience
Former Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs 
of Malaysia and Permanent Representative of Malaysia to 
the United Nations in New York. Held numerous senior 
positions in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs since 1988, 
including Ambassador to Qatar and Austria. Served as the 
Governor for Malaysia and Chairman of the International 
Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Board of Governors. Former 
Director of the Board of Dewan Bahasa and the Maritime 
Institute of Malaysia.
Malaysian, Age 63, Male
TAN SRI MUHAMMAD SHAHRUL IKRAM YAAKOB
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
8 June 2022
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
2 years 4 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Science in Ecology, University of Malaya
• Diploma in Public Administration, National Institute of 
Public Administration
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business 
School
Annual Report 2024
PG. 96
Sime Darby Berhad
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 99 ----
Malaysian, Age 52, Male
MOHAMAD IDROS MOSIN
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
15 November 2018
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
5 years 10 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration (Hons), 
International Islamic University Malaysia
• Executive Diploma in Investment Analysis, Universiti 
Teknologi MARA
• Graduate Diploma in Applied Finance and Investment, 
Securities Institute Australasia
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
Nil
Other Public Companies
Nil
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
11/12
Board Committee(s)
• Member, Risk Management & Sustainability Committee
• Member, Investment Committee
Areas of Expertise
Automotive, Accounting and Management
Relevant Experience
Former Managing Director of Sime Darby’s Motors Division, 
having served the Sime Darby Group in various capacities for 
over 36 years. Oversaw the growth and development of the 
Motors Division during his tenure.
Singaporean, Age 70, Male
DATO’ LEE CHEOW HOCK LAWRENCE
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
1 March 2018
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
6 years 7 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Fellow, Institute of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales
• PNB-IMD Leadership Development Programme, 
International Institute for Management Development
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business 
School
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
Nil
Other Public Companies
• MIDF Property Berhad
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
12/12
Board Committee(s)
• Chairman, Investment Committee
• Member, Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Areas of Expertise
Finance and Business Administration
Relevant Experience
Previously the Group Head of Strategic Investments at 
Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB), focusing on the 
formulation and implementation of value creation plans for 
public listed strategic and core investee companies. 
Currently the Executive Director of Projek Lintasan Kota 
Holdings Sdn Bhd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PNB. Has 
been involved in various assignments, including the 
development and evaluation of value enhancement 
strategies for strategic investments in the automotive, 
chemical, infrastructure, logistics, oil & gas, plantation, 
property and pharmaceutical sectors.
PG. 97


---- Page 100 ----
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
Nil
Other Public Companies
Nil
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
15/16
(inclusive of 4 out of 4 special meetings related to the 
acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad)
Board Committee(s)
• Member, Risk Management & Sustainability Committee
Areas of Expertise
Legal and Corporate Finance
Relevant Experience
Currently a partner and co-head of the Corporate Mergers & 
Acquisition Practice Group at Rahmat Lim & Partners (RLP). 
Active in legal practice since 1992, specialising in take-
overs, mergers and acquisitions (both private and public), 
joint ventures, foreign investments and corporate and 
commercial transactions. Involved in transactions across 
various industries including financial services, energy and 
power, manufacturing, retail and consumer, hospitality and 
plantations. Additionally, a partner at Allen & Gledhill LLP, 
an associate firm of RLP in Singapore.
Malaysian, Age 57, Female
MOY PUI YEE
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
2 July 2018
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
6 years 3 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Economics and Law, Monash University of 
Australia
• Admitted to the Malaysian Bar in 1992
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
Nil
Other Public Companies
• Amanat Lebuhraya Rakyat Berhad
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
14/16
(inclusive of 3 out of 4 special meetings related to the 
acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad)
Board Committee(s)
• Member, Nomination & Remuneration Committee
• Member, Investment Committee
Areas of Expertise
Insurance, Medical and Healthcare
Relevant Experience
Possesses extensive experience in the insurance and health 
sectors, having held various leadership positions within the 
Asian life and health insurance industry. Served as a Medical 
Officer at Hospital Kuala Lumpur for seven years before 
transitioning to the insurance sector. Was the first female 
Chief Executive Officer in Malaysia’s life insurance industry 
as President and Chief Executive Officer of ING Malaysia 
Berhad and later served as Head of South Asia at ING Asia 
Pacific Ltd. Also held the role of Executive Vice President 
and Head of Designated Markets & Health Asia at MetLife 
Asia Pacific Ltd. Former Director of Khazanah Nasional 
Berhad, AXA Affin General Insurance Berhad and Nestlé 
(Malaysia) Berhad.
Malaysian, Age 64, Female
DATO’ DR. NIRMALA MENON
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
15 November 2019
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
4 years 10 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Degree in Medicine, University of Mysore
Annual Report 2024
PG. 98
Sime Darby Berhad
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 101 ----
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
• CelcomDigi Berhad
• CIMB Group Holdings Berhad
• CIMB Thai Bank Public Company Limited (listed on the Stock 
Exchange of Thailand)
Other Public Companies
• CIMB Bank Berhad
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
13/14*
(inclusive of 3 out of 3 special meetings related to the acquisition of 
UMW Holdings Berhad)
Board Committee(s)
• Member, Governance & Audit Committee
• Member, Risk Management & Sustainability Committee
Areas of Expertise
Business, Finance, Risk Management, Human Capital, 
Telecommunications, Healthcare, Financial Services, Technology 
& Innovation, Infrastructure and Aviation
Relevant Experience
Began his career with PricewaterhouseCoopers in London and 
Hong Kong. Currently the Chairperson of CelcomDigi Berhad and 
CIMB Thai Bank Public Company Limited and a Director of CIMB 
Group Holdings Berhad and CIMB Bank Berhad. Former Chief 
Investment Officer at Khazanah Nasional Berhad, where he 
oversaw its investment portfolio and held senior roles including 
Deputy Managing Director and Executive Director of Investments 
from 2011 to 2022. Previously the Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer of Malaysia Airlines and held various leadership 
positions at Penerbangan Malaysia Berhad. Had served as the 
Chairman of UEM Group Berhad and was a Director of Axiata 
Group Berhad and IHH Healthcare Berhad.
Note: *  Reflects the number of meetings held during the period of 
office held.
Malaysian, Age 54, Male
TENGKU DATO’ SRI AZMIL ZAHRUDDIN  
RAJA ABDUL AZIZ
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
1 August 2023
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
1 year 2 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor’s degree in Economics, University of Cambridge
• Chartered Accountant and Member of Malaysian Institute of 
Accountants
• Fellow, Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and 
Wales
Australian, Age  66, Male
SCOTT WILLIAM CAMERON
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
1 January 2023
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
1 year 9 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Commerce, University of Queensland
• Fellow, the Institute of Chartered Accountants, Australia
• Fellow, the Australian Institute of Company Directors
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business 
School
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
• Engenco Ltd (ASX Australia)
Other Public Companies
Nil
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
15/16
(inclusive of 3 out of 4 special meetings related to the 
acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad)
Board Committee(s)
• Member, Governance & Audit Committee
• Member, Investment Committee
Areas of Expertise
Finance, Mining and Infrastructure, Resources, Marine and 
Power Generation
Relevant Experience
Began his career with Price Waterhouse in Brisbane, Sydney 
and New York before joining Hastings Deering (Australia) 
Limited as Finance Director in June 1992. Brings over 27 
years of experience across diverse sectors including mining 
and infrastructure, resources, marine, power generation, 
training and heavy industry machine maintenance and repair. 
Held various senior management roles, including Managing 
Director of the Industrial Division at Sime Darby Berhad, 
prior to his retirement on 31 December 2019.
PG. 99


---- Page 102 ----
Malaysian, Age 63, Female
PROFESSOR DATUK TS. IR. DR. SITI HAMISAH TAPSIR
Independent Non-Executive Director
Date of Appointment
8 March 2024
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
6 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Master of Science in Civil Engineering, from University of 
Lowell (now known as University of Massachusetts Lowell)
• Doctor of Philosophy, University of Leeds
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business School
• Registered Professional Engineer, Board of Engineers, 
Malaysia
Malaysian, Age 60, Male
DATO’ JEFFRI SALIM DAVIDSON
Non-Independent Executive Director
Date of Appointment
1 December 2017
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
6 years 10 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Science in Geology, University College 
London
• Member, Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & 
Wales
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business School
• Fellow, Institution of Engineers, Malaysia
• President, Malaysia Board of Technologists
• Fellow, Academy of Sciences, Malaysia
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
• Malayan Cement Berhad
• Oppstar Berhad
Other Public Companies
Nil
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
4/4*
Board Committee(s)
• Member, Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Areas of Expertise
Business, Finance, Risk Management, Human Capital, Healthcare 
and Education
Relevant Experience
Began her career as a lecturer at Universiti Teknologi Malaysia 
(UTM) in 1987. During her tenure at UTM, she held various 
roles, including Deputy Vice Chancellor and Campus Director of 
UTM International Campus. She left UTM in 2009 to join the 
Ministry of Higher Education, where she was promoted to 
Director General of Higher Education in 2017. After leaving the 
Ministry of Higher Education, she served as Secretary General of 
the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation (MOSTI) 
from 2019 to 2021. She was conferred the Emeritus Professor 
(Civil Engineering) by Universiti Teknologi Malaysia in 2021. 
Following her retirement from MOSTI, she joined UCSI 
University as Group Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chancellor.
Note: *  Reflects the number of meetings held during the period of 
office held.
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
Nil
Other Public Companies
• Sime Darby Holdings Berhad
• Sime Darby Malaysia Berhad
• Kumpulan Sime Darby Berhad
• UMW Holdings Berhad
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
16/16
(inclusive of 4 out of 4 special meetings related to the 
acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad)
Board Committee(s)
Nil
Areas of Expertise
Accounting, Finance and Business Administration
Relevant Experience
Began his career with Coopers & Lybrand, London in 1986 
before joining the Sime Darby Group in 1992. He has held 
various senior management positions within the Group 
across China, Singapore and Malaysia, before being 
appointed as the Group Chief Executive Officer of Sime 
Darby Berhad in 2017.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 100
Sime Darby Berhad
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

---- Page 103 ----
Malaysian, Age 42, Male
EDREE AHMAD
(Alternate Director to Mohamad Idros Mosin)
Date of Appointment
15 June 2023
Length of Service (as at 30 September 2024)
1 year 3 months
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor degree in Accounting and Finance, University of 
Manchester
• CIMA Diploma in Islamic Finance
• Palladium Kaplan-Norton Balanced Scorecard Certified 
Programme
Present Directorship(s)
Other Listed Entities
Nil
Other Public Companies
Nil
Total Board Meetings Attended in FY2024
Not applicable
Board Committee(s)
Nil
Areas of Expertise
Accounting, Finance, Public Equity and Strategic Investment
Relevant Experience
Joined Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB) as a Management 
Trainee in 2005 and has since held various positions, 
including Executive in the Corporate Services Department, 
Manager for Corporate Services/Private Investment, 
Manager in the Public Equity department and Assistant Vice 
President for both Public Equity and Strategic Investment. 
Currently the Vice President of Strategic Investments at 
PNB, overseeing investments in the Industrial & Motors 
divisions.
Additional Information
1. Save as disclosed below, the other Directors have no family relationship with any Director or major shareholder of Sime Darby Berhad (Sime Darby), no 
conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with Sime Darby or its subsidiaries and have not been 
convicted of any offences, other than traffic offences, in the past five years or subject to public sanctions or penalties by relevant regulatory authorities 
during the financial year.
(i) Tan Sri Samsudin Osman, Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence, Mohamad Idros Mosin and Edree Ahmad (Alternate Director to Mohamad Idros Mosin) 
are nominees of Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB) on the Board of Sime Darby. They will recuse themselves from participating in any discussions on 
matters involving the interests of PNB Group and Sime Darby Group and will abstain from deliberation and voting on such issues at Board and Board 
Committee meetings of Sime Darby.
(ii) Tan Sri Ahmad Badri Mohd Zahir is the Nominee Director of Employees Provident Fund.
(iii) Moy Pui Yee is a partner at Rahmat Lim & Partners (RLP), a firm that provides legal services to the Sime Darby Group from time to time. She will 
maintain strict independence and avoid any involvement in matters involving RLP and the Sime Darby Group.
(iv) Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz is a Director of CelcomDigi Berhad, CIMB Group Holdings Berhad, CIMB Bank Berhad and CIMB 
Thai Bank Public Company Limited (Companies). He will recuse himself from participating in discussions on issues involving the Companies and Sime 
Darby Group and will abstain from deliberation and voting on such issues at Board and Board Committee meetings of Sime Darby.
(v) Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir is the Group Chief Executive Officer of the UCSI Group and the Vice Chancellor of UCSI University. 
UCSI Auto Sdn Bhd, a subsidiary of the UCSI Education Group, is an authorised dealer for Chery vehicles, which competes with BYD, a brand 
managed by Sime Darby Group. Professor Datuk Hamisah will recuse herself from discussions, deliberations and voting on matters related to Chery 
and BYD brands at Board and Board Committee meetings of Sime Darby. She will also ensure strict independence from UCSI Auto Sdn Bhd’s 
operations and will not disclose any information regarding BYD business to the UCSI group of companies.
2. Directorships held by the Directors in other companies if any, are disclosed in the Board of Directors section at http://www.simedarby.com/company/
board-of-directors.
3. The full profile of Directors are available on Sime Darby’s corporate website at http://www.simedarby.com/company/board-of-directors.
PG. 101


---- Page 104 ----
DATO’ JEFFRI SALIM DAVIDSON
Group Chief Executive Officer
Age 60 Male Malaysian
MUHAMMAD NOOR ABD AZIZ @ 
HASHIM
Group Chief Financial Officer
Age 52 Male Malaysian
ROSELAINI FAIZ
Group Chief Human Resources Officer
Age 59 Female Malaysian
Date of Appointment 
21 November 2017
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Science in Geology, University College London
• Member, Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & 
Wales
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business School
Present Directorship(s) in Listed Entity/Other Public Companies
• Sime Darby Berhad
• Sime Darby Holdings Berhad
• Sime Darby Malaysia Berhad
• Kumpulan Sime Darby Berhad
• UMW Holdings Berhad
Relevant Experience
Began his career with Coopers & Lybrand, London in 1986 before 
joining the Sime Darby Group in 1992. He has held various senior 
management positions within the Group across China, Singapore 
and Malaysia. He was appointed the Group Chief Executive 
Officer of Sime Darby Berhad in 2017.
Date of Appointment 
13 December 2023
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Finance and Accounting, Salford University
• Member, Chartered Institute of Management Accountants
• Member, Malaysian Institute of Accountants
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business School
• Corporate and Financial Restructuring Programme, Amsterdam 
Institute of Finance
Present Directorship(s) in Listed Entity/Other Public Companies
• Golden Hope Plantations Berhad
• Kumpulan Guthrie Berhad
• Kumpulan Sime Darby Berhad
• Sime Darby Holdings Berhad
• Sime Darby Malaysia Berhad
• Sime Darby Allied Products Berhad
• UMW Holdings Berhad
Relevant Experience
Has over 26 years of experience as a finance and business leader 
in multiple sectors including manufacturing, logistics, 
e-commerce, package/freight delivery, healthcare, infrastructure 
solutions, automotive, FMCG, retail, concession and trading. 
Before joining Sime Darby, he was the Chief Financial Officer for 
UEM Edgenta Berhad and the Group Chief Financial Officer of 
Pos Malaysia Berhad.
Date of Appointment 
1 August 2018
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Economics (majoring in Analytical Economics), 
University of Malaya
Present Directorship(s) in Listed Entity/Other Public Companies
• Nil
Relevant Experience
Had served as the Director of Human Capital & Communications 
at Danajamin Nasional Berhad. Prior to that, she was the Head of 
Human Resources at Hong Leong Bank Berhad. Her earlier roles 
included Director of Human Resources at CIMB Aviva Assurance 
Berhad, Chief Human Resources Officer at Kuwait Finance House 
(Malaysia) Berhad, Head of Rewards & Benefits Administration at 
Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad and Vice President of 
Compensation and Benefits at Citibank Berhad.
DENY RAHARDJO
Group Chief Information & Digital 
Officer
Age 53 Male Indonesian
Date of Appointment
7 November 2022
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, University of Bina 
Nusantara
• MBA in Finance, Indonusa Esa Unggul University
• PhD, Universitas Pelita Harapan, Indonesia
Present Directorship(s) in Listed Entity/Other Public Companies
• Nil
Relevant Experience
Has over 30 years of experience in the information technology 
industry, having held senior global leadership roles across major 
automotive, manufacturing, semiconductor, telecommunications 
and IT software and services companies. He was the Chief 
Information Officer and a board member of APP Indonesia – 
Sinarmas Group, Additionally, he had an extensive career with 
Microsoft as the Area IT Head – APAC and GCR and as Vice 
President of IT – Managed Services with Telstra International, 
where he was responsible for business information systems, 
technology strategy, IT infrastructure and the delivery of major 
enterprise solutions.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 102
Sime Darby Berhad
EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP

---- Page 105 ----
MUSTAMIR MOHAMAD
Managing Director, UMW Division
Age 52 Male Malaysian
Date of Appointment 
13 December 2023
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Finance, London 
School of Economics and Political Science
• Fellow, Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
• Member, Malaysian Institute of Accountants
• Advanced Management Programme, Harvard Business School
Present Directorship(s) in Listed Entity/Other Public Companies
• Kumpulan Sime Darby Berhad
• Sime Darby Holdings Berhad
• UMW Holdings Berhad
Relevant Experience
Began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers in London in 1995, 
followed by a seven-year tenure at Bank Negara Malaysia, where 
he was involved in investment operations and financial markets. 
He joined Sime Darby Berhad’s Group Strategy department in 
2005 and later transitioned to the Group’s Plantation division 
where he led strategy and business development. Prior to his 
appointment as Managing Director of the UMW Division, he was 
the Group Chief Financial Officer of Sime Darby Berhad from 
November 2017 to December 2023.
ANDREW BASHAM
Managing Director, Motors Division
Age 58 Male Australian
DEAN MEHMET
Managing Director, Industrial Division
Age 60 Male Australian
Date of Appointment 
1 February 2018
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Economics, University of Adelaide
• Fellow, Institute of Chartered Accountants, Australia
Present Directorship(s) in Listed Entity/Other Public Companies
• Nil
Relevant Experience
Has over 27 years of extensive experience in management, 
business development and operations for leading global 
automotive brands. Began his career in audit and accounting 
with PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia before transitioning to 
distribution and logistics, eventually taking on senior 
management roles in various automotive companies.
Date of Appointment 
1 July 2021
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (Hons), Queensland 
University of Technology
• Stanford Executive Program in Organisational Leadership
• Member, Australian Institute of Company Directors
Present Directorship(s) in Listed Entity/Other Public Companies
• Nil
Relevant Experience
Has almost 39 years of industry experience, including 20 years in 
Chief Executive leadership roles at multinational corporations such 
as BlueScope Steel and Royal Dutch Shell. He joined the Sime 
Darby Group in 2012 as the Chief Operating Officer at Hastings 
Deering (Australia) Limited and later promoted to Chief Executive 
Officer and Managing Director of the Hastings Deering Group, 
leading the entire industrial business portfolio across Australia, 
Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and New Caledonia. He was 
appointed the Managing Director of Sime Darby Industrial – 
Australasia in 2020 before assuming his current role.
NOOR ZITA HASSAN
Group Secretary
Age 58 Female Malaysian
Date of Appointment
21 November 2017
Academic/Professional Qualification(s)/Membership(s)
• Bachelor of Economics with Accountancy, Loughborough 
University of Technology
• Master in Accountancy, Charles Sturt University
• Member, CPA Australia
• Member, Malaysian Institute of Accountants
Present Directorship(s) in Listed Entity/Other Public Companies
• Nil
Relevant Experience
Began her career as a management trainee in the accounting, 
internal audit, tax and corporate planning functions with 
Kumpulan Sime Darby Berhad (KSDB) in 1989 and subsequently 
transferred to the Group Secretarial department of KSDB in 1993. 
She was the Company Secretary of Hyundai-Sime Darby Berhad, 
a subsidiary of KSDB listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad from December 2004 until its delisting from 
the Official List of Bursa Securities in July 2006. She is also 
currently the Company Secretary of Sime Darby Motors.
Additional Information
1. None of the Executive Leadership has family relationship with any Director or major shareholder of Sime Darby Berhad (Sime Darby), conflict of interest or potential 
conflict of interest, including interest in any competing business with Sime Darby or its subsidiaries or has been convicted of any offences, other than traffic 
offences, in the past five years or subject to public sanctions or penalties by relevant regulatory authorities during the financial year.
2. Directorships held by the Executive Leadership in other companies if any, are disclosed in the Executive Leadership section at https://www.simedarby.
com/company/executive-leadership.
3. The full profile of Executive Leadership is available on the Sime Darby’s corporate website at https://www.simedarby.com/company/executive-leadership.
PG. 103


---- Page 106 ----
The Group’s governance framework is firmly rooted in regulatory and statutory provisions as well as best practices and is 
guided by the following:
a Companies Act 2016
b Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Listing Requirements)
c Guidelines on Conduct of Directors of Listed Corporations and their subsidiaries published by the Securities 
Commission of Malaysia (SC)
d Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (MCCG) 2021
e Corporate Governance Guide 4th Edition issued by Bursa Securities
f Minority Shareholders Watch Group Malaysia – ASEAN Corporate Governance Scorecard
g Developments in international market practices and regional regulations
The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of 
integrity and ethics in its business. Guided by best practices, 
we continually strive to improve and create sustainable value 
for our stakeholders. The Board considers good governance as 
essential for generating long-term economic value and growth, 
achieving sustainable performance and maximising returns 
while considering the interests of all stakeholders.
We believe in setting an appropriate tone from the top to 
ensure that ethical standards of behaviour permeate 
throughout the Group at all levels.
Therefore, ethical and effective leadership underscores the 
Board’s commitment to developing a winning portfolio of 
sustainable businesses, delivering superior financial returns 
through operational excellence and maintaining high 
performance standards and good corporate governance.
Our Board provides judicious leadership and strategic guidance 
to safeguard stakeholder value creation within a framework of 
rigorous and effective controls. Good governance practices 
The Board of Directors (the Board) of Sime Darby Berhad (Sime Darby or 
Company) is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Overview 
Statement (CG Overview), which provides shareholders and stakeholders 
with an overview of the corporate governance practices of the Sime Darby 
Group (Group) during the financial year under review, with reference to 
the fundamental corporate governance principles and practices as set out 
in the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021 (MCCG 2021). The 
application of each practice set out in the MCCG 2021 during the financial 
year under review is disclosed under Sime Darby’s Corporate Governance 
Report published on the Company’s website at www.simedarby.com.
are integrated across the Group, while the Board discharges 
its responsibilities within clearly defined governance 
parameters and robust mechanisms. Together with 
Management, the Board drives the Group’s strategies and 
ensures strong, effective governance and ethical financial 
practices.
We embed world-class business practices and robust 
institutional governance and risk frameworks. Amidst an 
increasingly challenging business environment, the Board is 
committed to strengthening the Group’s corporate governance 
practices and processes to effectively meet these challenges. 
We continuously review these practices and frameworks, 
mindful of the dynamic and evolving corporate and business 
landscape influenced by, among others, geopolitical and 
cultural shifts, regionally and globally. Our goal is to stay 
focused on our targets while ensuring we act in the best 
interests of our stakeholders.
We believe that good governance supports our core values 
through enhanced accountability, strong risk and performance 
management, transparency and effective leadership.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 104
Sime Darby Berhad
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
LEADERSHIP & EFFECTIVENESS

---- Page 107 ----
The Group’s governance framework, structure and processes are built upon the Terms of Reference (TOR) of the Board 
Committees, complemented by authority limits and supported by the various management policies and procedures.
The Board ensures that the Group’s governance structure remains appropriate and up-to-date with relevant corporate 
governance and regulatory requirements. The structure and associated practices are reviewed when necessary to reflect the 
evolving market and the communities in which the Group operates.
The diagram below provides an overview of the Group’s governance structure:
COMPLIANCE WITH MCCG 2021
The Group has benchmarked its practices against relevant 
regulations and other best practices and adhering to the 
principles of the MCCG 2021 where practicable and 
appropriate.
In the Corporate Governance Report (CG Report), the Company 
has provided a timeline for implementing practices that have 
not yet been adopted, accompanied by explanations. The CG 
Report is available online at https://www.simedarby.com/
investor/annual-reports.
BOARD CHARTER
The duties and responsibilities of the Board are clearly 
defined in the Board Charter which governs the conduct of the 
Board in line with principles of good corporate governance.
The Board Charter sets out the Board’s strategic intent and 
authority, outlines the roles and responsibilities of the Board, 
individual Directors and the Senior Independent Director and 
those which it delegates to Management and in so doing, also 
sets the tone of the various Board Committees.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
Investment 
Committee
Group Secretary
While delegating authority to Board Committees or the 
Management, the Board retains collective oversight. While 
certain responsibilities are delegated to Board Committees, 
the Board remains responsible for the exercise of such powers.
The Board Charter is available on our corporate website at 
www.simedarby.com.
BOARD LEADERSHIP
Sime Darby is led by the Board which is collectively responsible 
for the stewardship of the business and affairs of the Group 
on behalf of our shareholders and all other stakeholders. 
Within a framework of rigorous and effective controls, the 
Board sets the tone at the top, fostering a strong ethics and 
compliance culture throughout the organisation.
The Board is dedicated to safeguarding and enhancing 
stakeholder value. While protecting shareholder interests, the 
Board also considers the needs of employees, business 
partners, local communities, regulators and the public. It sets, 
oversees and approves the Group’s strategic objectives and 
direction of the Group with certain strategic oversight 
delegated to Board Committees. The Board ensures that the 
Group is adequately resourced to achieve its strategic goals 
and considers the impact of its decisions on all stakeholders.
Primary Reporting Line
Secondary Reporting Line
Board of Directors
Shareholders
Governance
& Audit 
Committee
Nomination & 
Remuneration 
Committee
GCEO
Risk 
Management & 
Sustainability 
Committee
PG. 105


---- Page 108 ----
The Board ensures that the Group’s strategic plan supports 
long-term value creation and incorporates environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) considerations. By promoting 
sustainable practices, the Group enhances resilience, creates 
durable and sustainable value and maintains stakeholder 
confidence.
The Board employs rigorous and effective controls to assess 
and manage emerging risks and opportunities, ensuring long-
term sustainable development and growth. It commits to 
ethical business practices and lawful conduct, including 
proper use of authority and decorum. All Board members 
exercise their powers with good faith, in the best interest of 
the Company and with reasonable care, skill and diligence.
The Board ensures that key transactions or critical decisions 
are thoroughly deliberated and decided in meetings, with 
rationale, including any dissenting views, properly minuted 
and documented.
The balanced composition of the Board, including Non-
Executive Directors (NEDs) prevents any individual or groups 
from dominating the decision-making process and thus, 
protecting shareholder interests. All Directors are expected to 
exercise independent judgement and act in the Company’s 
best interest.
The Board is satisfied that each Director devotes sufficient 
time to discharge his/her responsibilities effectively. The 
current composition of the Board, with its diverse blend of 
skills, experience and knowledge, enables the Board to 
provide robust oversight, strategic guidance and constructive 
challenge, while empowering the GCEO to implement Board-
approved strategies.
BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES
The Board operates on the principle of addressing all 
significant and material matters. It is accountable for the 
strategic management, performance monitoring and 
measurement, enterprise risk management, standard of 
conduct and critical business issues. The Board is responsible 
for setting the Group’s long-term direction and strategy, with 
a focus on creating value for shareholders.
The Directors recognise their collective and individual 
responsibilities to shareholders regarding the management, 
control and operation of the Group.
In fulfilling its governance responsibility, the Board delegates 
certain functions to Board Committees while retaining ultimate 
accountability and responsibility for the Group’s performance 
and affairs. The Board ensures that the Group adheres to high 
standards of ethical behaviour and provides Board Committees 
with clear TORs to facilitate effective operation.
BOARD FUNCTIONS
The Board provides guidance and direction to Management on sustainability, strategic planning, risk management, succession 
planning and financial and operational matters to meet the expectations and obligations of shareholders.
The Board assumes the following principal responsibilities in discharging its functions:
a Reviewing and adopting the Group’s strategic plan, monitoring its implementation and addressing the sustainability 
of the Group’s business.
b Overseeing the Group’s business conduct, including strategy formulation, performance objectives, control and 
accountability systems, corporate governance framework, risk management practices and human capital management.
c Identifying principal risks and ensuring the implementation of appropriate internal controls and mitigation measures 
to manage these risks.
d Establishing and maintaining a succession plan to ensure continuity in leadership within the Group.
e Overseeing the development and implementation of a programme for effective communication with all stakeholders, 
including shareholders and investors.
f Reviewing the adequacy and integrity of the Group’s management information and internal control system, including 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules, directives and guidelines.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 106
Sime Darby Berhad
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
LEADERSHIP & EFFECTIVENESS

---- Page 109 ----
CHAIRMAN, GCEO AND SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
An effective Board is crucial to the Company’s long-term success and strategic objectives, facilitated by strong, transparent and 
open working relationships among Directors.
Designation/Directorship Roles and Responsibilities
Chairman and GCEO The roles and responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board and the GCEO are separate 
and distinct to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of power, authority and 
accountability at the Board level. The separation is essential as each role has different 
expectations and serve distinct primary audiences.
Tan Sri Samsudin Osman, the Chairman of the Board, is a Non-Independent Non-Executive 
Director (NINED). He is responsible for leading the Board, ensuring its effectiveness and 
setting its agenda. The Chairman also drives the adoption and implementation of good 
corporate governance practices within the Group. This includes fostering an open 
environment and ensuring that Directors receive accurate, timely and clear information 
through the Group Secretary.
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson, the GCEO, oversees the day-to-day management of the 
Group’s business operations and implements the Board’s decisions. Supported by the 
Management team, he formulates business strategies and plans to achieve the Group’s 
vision, growth targets, turnover and profitability, aligning with stakeholder expectations. 
He is responsible for executing Board policies and decisions and coordinating the 
implementation of business and corporate strategies.
Senior Independent 
Director
Thayaparan Sangarapillai, the Senior Independent Director, has the same legal 
responsibilities as other Directors. His role includes acting as a sounding board for the 
Chairman, an intermediary for other Directors when necessary and the point of contact for 
shareholders and other stakeholders with concerns which requires resolution or would not 
be appropriate to be communicated through the normal channels of the Chairman and/or 
GCEO. He also oversees the whistleblowing function to ensure all reported violations are 
properly investigated and reviews the effectiveness of the action taken in response to the 
concerns raised.
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established four Board Committees, namely, 
the Governance & Audit Committee (GAC), Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee (NRC), Risk Management & 
Sustainability Committee (RMSC) and Investment Committee 
(IC). Each Committee operates under its own TOR to assist the 
Board in fulfilling its fiduciary duties and responsibilities 
effectively. The TORs clearly define the division of 
responsibilities for each Committee. The Chairman of the 
Board does not chair any of these Committees. All Committees 
are composed solely of NEDs. Any amendments to a 
Committees’ TORs require the approval of the Board.
The Board Committees review and deliberate the issues within 
their formalised TORs and provide recommendations to the 
Board on matters within their scope. The Board maintains 
collective oversight and remains fully responsible for the 
Company’s effective control. Each Committee is supported by 
the Group Secretary and has access to independent advice as 
needed to fulfil its duties.
PG. 107


---- Page 110 ----
ROLES OF BOARD COMMITTEES
Governance & Audit Committeea
The GAC supports the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities, 
including:
• Reviewing and reporting on the Group’s financial results, 
external audit procedures and internal audit function.
• Overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process and 
business practices and internal control systems.
• Monitoring the Group’s governance and compliance 
activities and ensuring the independence of both external 
and internal audit functions.
The GAC comprises four NEDs, all of whom are Independent 
Non-Executive Directors (INED) in accordance with the Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Securities and the MCCG 2021.
Name | Membership/Designation
Thayaparan Sangarapillai Chairman/Senior 
Independent Non-
Executive Director
Tan Sri Muhammad 
Shahrul Ikram Yaakob
Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Scott William Cameron Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil 
Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz
Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Nomination & Remuneration Committeeb
The NRC assists the Board in nominating new candidates to 
Board and Board Committees as well as key management 
positions and evaluates their performance and remuneration 
packages.
The NRC reviews the composition and balance of the Board, 
ensuring the right mix of skills, experience, knowledge and 
diversity.
The NRC comprises four NEDs, three of whom are INEDs.
Name | Membership/Designation
Tan Sri Muhammad 
Shahrul Ikram Yaakob
Chairman/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Mohamad Idros Mosin Member/Non-
Independent Non-
Executive Director
Dato’ Dr Nirmala Menon Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. 
Siti Hamisah Tapsir
Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Risk Management & Sustainability Committeec
The RMSC oversees the Group’s risk management activities 
and supports the Board in identifying significant risks and 
ensuring the implementation of appropriate systems to 
manage the Group’s overall risk exposure.
The Committee also provides guidance on key sustainability 
risks including monitoring and advising the Board on significant 
strategic activities and policies related to sustainability 
practices and initiatives and progress updates against the 
sustainability agenda.
The RMSC comprises five NEDs, three of whom are INEDs.
Name | Membership/Designation
Tan Sri Ahmad Badri 
Mohd Zahir
Chairman/Non-
Independent Non-
Executive Director
Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock 
Lawrence
Member/Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Moy Pui Yee Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Thayaparan Sangarapillai Member/Senior 
Independent Non-
Executive Director
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil 
Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz
Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Investment Committeed
The IC evaluates substantial business propositions, including 
mergers, acquisitions, partnerships, disposals and capital 
expenditures, along with their key associated risks and 
mitigation strategies before recommending them for the 
Board’s approval.
The IC also oversees the implementation of the Group’s 5-year 
Strategy Masterplan, analysing strategic aspects, industry 
trends and market shifts that impact the Group’s long-term 
profitability and sustainability. It tracks the progress of major 
proposals to ensure alignment with the Group’s strategic 
objectives.
The IC comprises four NEDs, two of whom are INEDs.
Name | Membership/Designation
Mohamad Idros Mosin Chairman/Non-
Independent Non-
Executive Director
Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock 
Lawrence
Member/Non-Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Dato’ Dr. Nirmala Menon Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Scott William Cameron Member/Independent 
Non-Executive Director
Annual Report 2024
PG. 108
Sime Darby Berhad
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
LEADERSHIP & EFFECTIVENESS

---- Page 111 ----
The focus areas and key priorities of the Board Committees for the next financial year are set out below:
Board Committees Key Focus Areas and Priorities for FY2025
Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee
• Review of talent management and succession planning
• Application of consequence management consistently to prevent favouritism or bias, 
while reinforcing core values and promoting a culture of accountability
• Evaluation and assessment of the composition of the Board and Board Committees in 
meeting the necessary skills, experience and competency
• Regular review of the Group’s compensation and rewards framework to attract the best 
talent
Governance & Audit 
Committee
• Gearing and balance sheet review
• Ongoing review of the effectiveness of governance, internal controls systems and 
processes across the Group
• Monitoring any conflicts of interest
Risk Management & 
Sustainability Committee
• Enhancement of sustainability targets
• Health and safety improvements in high-risk areas of the Group’s businesses
• Ensure the Group’s understanding of market and macro risks and implementation of 
mitigating measures
• Cybersecurity and risk performance review
Investment Committee • Optimisation of cash holdings, borrowings and invested capital across the Group
• Oversight of the divestment of non-strategic businesses
• Monitoring post-acquisition integration and addressing challenges and opportunities for 
future-proofing businesses
BOARD COMPOSITION AND DIVERSITY
The Board is committed to ensuring that the Directors collectively possess a diverse mix of skills, experience, expertise and 
perspectives, which enhance the effectiveness of Board processes and decision-making. To achieve this, Sime Darby has 
established a Board Composition Policy that ensures its members collectively represent a balanced mix, facilitating effective 
stewardship and management within the organisation.
A truly diverse and inclusive Board composition is essential for leveraging differences in thought, perspective, knowledge, skills, 
cultural and geographical backgrounds, age and gender. This commitment is crucial for maintaining Sime Darby’s competitive 
edge in a challenging and evolving business environment. The Board recognises that to remain relevant, resilient and sustainable 
in a rapidly transforming business environment, diversity is a key factor. The Board Composition Policy acknowledges the 
importance of these principles in determining the optimal Board composition, aiming to balance independence, skills, experience, 
gender and age to harness a broad spectrum of talent, thereby enhancing overall performance and sustainability. Additionally, 
the Group’s Fit and Proper Policy outlines the criteria for assessing the suitability of Directors, including for re-election and new 
appointments. The assessment covers key aspects such as probity, personal integrity and reputation, competency and capability 
and financial integrity.
The NRC oversees the overall composition of the Board and Board Committees. The NRC is empowered to annually review and 
evaluate the composition and performance of the Board, assessing qualified candidates for Board appointments.
When assessing the suitability of Directors for nomination, the NRC is guided by a set of quantitative and qualitative 
criteria, which include:
a The appropriate size and balance between the number of INEDs and NINEDs;
b Skills, background and experience;
c Diversity in terms of gender, nationality and ethnicity; and
d Time commitment, character, professionalism and integrity.
PG. 109


---- Page 112 ----
The Board appointment and re-election process which is 
delegated to the NRC, places emphasis on diversity in 
experience, skills, competencies, race, gender and age. Board 
membership is regularly refreshed based on objective criteria, 
merit and the contributions the candidate can bring. The NRC 
is committed to include women candidates as part of its 
gender diversity efforts, in alignment with the MCCG 2021 
requirement for female representation on the Board.
Sime Darby’s Board is committed to fostering a strong 
element of independence among its members to promote 
good corporate governance. INEDs are expected to exercise 
independent judgement and actively participate in the Board’s 
deliberations, ensuring decision-making is not dominated by 
any single individual or small group. The goal is to create a 
well-rounded Board that brings together diverse talents and 
backgrounds, promotes robust and innovative decision-
making and cultivates a collaborative and harmonious 
atmosphere among Directors.
The Board comprises individuals of high integrity and calibre, 
with a deep understanding of the Group’s business and a 
diverse range of skills and experience. Directors apply their 
expertise to policy formulation and decision-making, 
facilitating effective oversight, strategic guidance and 
constructive challenge. As of the date of this statement, the 
Board consists of twelve members, including an Executive 
Director who serves as the GCEO, seven INEDs and four 
NINEDs. The presence of a majority of INEDs ensures effective 
collective oversight of Management, exceeding the one-third 
minimum requirement stipulated by the Listing Requirements 
of Bursa Securities and aligns with MCCG 2021’s recommendation 
for a majority of independent directors.
The Board acknowledges Practice 5.9 of the MCCG 2021, 
which recommends that at least 30% of the Board be women 
and ongoing efforts are in place to identify and appoint 
suitable female candidates as board members. Currently, the 
Board comprises three female Directors, representing 25% of 
its composition. The NRC is actively working towards achieving 
30% female representation on the Board as swiftly as possible 
while ensuring the selection of the most qualified candidates. 
In addition to gender diversity, the Board is committed to 
fostering a corporate culture that embraces all forms of 
diversity. At the organisational level, Sime Darby has achieved 
a diverse talent pool that reflects our business needs. The 
workforce comprises 75% male and 25% female employees, 
with females occupying 25% of senior management positions.
The Chairman ensures that all Board members are well-
informed about their appointment terms, duties and 
responsibilities. New members receive comprehensive 
briefings on the Group’s operations to enhance their 
understanding of the business, its environment and markets. 
Board members are expected to keep abreast of changes in 
the business landscape, including economic, political, social, 
legal and regulatory factors that may impact the Group.
When appointing or re-appointing a Director, the Board, 
through the NRC, considers the current composition and 
tenure of each Director. The NRC evaluates the criteria for 
Directors’ appointments and assesses their performance on an 
annual basis. Potential candidates are identified from various 
sources, including referrals from existing Directors, major 
shareholders, Management or consulting firms, where 
necessary. The Board periodically reviews its composition and 
evaluates the need to introduce new skills and perspectives to 
the boardroom. Before accepting directorships in other 
companies, Directors are required to notify the Chairman of 
the Board to ensure that such appointments would not unduly 
affect their time commitment and responsibilities to the 
Board. Currently, none of the Directors holds more than five 
directorships in other listed companies, in accordance with 
Paragraph 15.06 of the Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Securities.
ATTENDANCE AT BOARD MEETINGS
During the financial year under review, the Board held a total 
of 12 meetings, comprising 8 scheduled meetings and 4 
special meetings. In addition, four separate special meetings 
were attended by Independent Directors and the GCEO to 
discuss matters related to the acquisition of UMW Holdings 
Berhad.
The Board practices active and open discussions during its 
meetings to ensure all Directors have the opportunities to 
participate and contribute to the decision-making process. 
Robust discussions and vigorous deliberations at both Board 
and Board Committee meetings facilitate a constructive, 
insightful and healthy dialogue.
The Board has full and unrestricted access to all information 
about the Group’s business and affairs. This includes financial 
results, annual budgets, business reviews, business plans and 
progress reports on the Group’s projects and business 
strategies. The Board ensures that all information received is 
accurate, timely and clear.
The agenda and Board papers encompassing comprehensive 
qualitative and quantitative information are circulated to all 
Directors before each Board meeting to facilitate informed 
decision-making.
Access to Board papers is facilitated online through collaborative 
software, enabling Directors to securely access and review 
documents and collaborate with fellow Directors and the 
Group Secretary electronically.
Presentations and briefings by Management and relevant 
external consultants are conducted during Board meetings to 
provide explanations on agenda items or to clarify any issues 
raised by Directors.
The Directors commit adequate time to fulfil their responsibilities. 
Meeting dates for the entire calendar year are scheduled in 
advance to ensure Board members’ availability and to facilitate 
Management’s planning.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 110
Sime Darby Berhad
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
LEADERSHIP & EFFECTIVENESS

---- Page 113 ----
The Board is satisfied with the Directors’ commitment to their roles and responsibilities, as evidenced by their attendance at the 
meetings held during the financial year under review, as detailed below:
Board Scheduled 
Meeting
Special 
Meeting
Special 
Meeting* Total
Tan Sri Samsudin Osman 8/8 4/4 – 12/12
Thayaparan Sangarapillai 7/8 4/4 4/4 15/16
Tan Sri Ahmad Badri Mohd Zahir 8/8 4/4 – 12/12
Tan Sri Muhammad Shahrul Ikram Yaakob 7/8 4/4 3/4 14/16
Mohamad Idros Mosin 8/8 4/4 – 12/12
Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence 8/8 3/4 – 11/12
Moy Pui Yee 8/8 3/4 4/4 15/16
Dato’ Dr. Nirmala Menon 8/8 3/4 3/4 14/16
Scott William Cameron 8/8 4/4 3/4 15/16
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz # 6/7^ 4/4^ 3/3^ 13/14^
Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir @ 4/4^ 2/2^ – 6/6^
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson 8/8 4/4 4/4 16/16
Note:
* Special meetings related to the acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad
^ Reflects number of meetings attended during the period of office held
# Appointed on 1 August 2023
@ Appointed on 8 March 2024
INFORMATION AND SUPPORT TO THE BOARD
The Board has direct access to the advice and services of the 
Group Secretary and full, unrestricted access to information 
regarding the Group’s business and affairs.
The Chairman, assisted by the Group Secretary, ensures that 
Directors receive all notices, agendas and minutes of the 
previous meetings well in advance of each session. Notices 
and agenda are circulated within a reasonable time frame 
before the meeting to the Directors and all required attendees. 
Written materials, including information requested by the 
Board from Management and/or external consultants, are 
provided alongside the agenda.
In consultation with the Chairman, the GCEO determines the 
agenda, structuring and prioritising matters based on their 
relevance and importance to facilitate quality and in-depth 
discussions. Presentations to the Board are prepared and 
delivered to ensure a clear and adequate understanding of the 
subjects being discussed.
All proceedings and deliberations of Board and Board 
Committee meetings, including comments made by the 
Directors, are duly recorded and documented. Minutes of 
meetings accurately capture the discussions, decisions and the 
rationale behind those decisions. Any dissenting views or 
instances where Directors abstain from voting or deliberating 
on a particular matter are also recorded. The Group Secretary 
properly maintains the minutes of each Board and Board 
Committee meeting.
The Board recognises the importance of providing timely, 
relevant and up-to-date information to ensure an effective 
decision-making process. In this regard, the Board is provided 
with information that is pertinent and of sufficient quality to 
enable effective deliberation on matters tabled in the meeting.
The Board receives regular updates on announcements made 
by the Company to Bursa Securities regarding significant 
transactions, as well as media coverage of Company-related 
events, analyst reports and other relevant news, as applicable 
and appropriate.
BOARD INDEPENDENCE
The presence of INEDs is pivotal for ensuring corporate 
accountability and the Board acknowledges their significant 
contributions to upholding good corporate governance. All 
Directors, irrespective of their independent status, are 
mandated to act in the best interests of the Company, 
exercising unfettered and unbiased judgement. INEDs play a 
critical role in providing independent and objective perspectives, 
advice and judgement, particularly in evaluating the strategies 
proposed by Management. They ensure these strategies are 
thoroughly discussed and assessed with a focus on the long-
term interests of stakeholders.
PG. 111


---- Page 114 ----
BOARD EFFECTIVENESS ASSESSMENT
The BEA aims to evaluate the performance of the Board, 
Board Committees and individual Directors, identifying areas 
for improvement where required. Assisted by the NRC, the 
2024 BEA was conducted using a questionnaire-based 
approach and the criteria for assessment which included the 
following:
• Board mix and composition
• Board process
• Board governance
• Quality of information and decision-making
• Boardroom activities and dynamics
• Board’s relationship with Management
• Management of ESG issues
Board
• Committee governance
• Composition
• Relevance of experience
• Competency of chairmen of Board Committees
• Quality of reports and recommendations furnished to 
the Board
Board Committees
• Fit and proper conduct
• Contributions and performance
• Calibre and temperament
Individual Director
KEY BOARD ACTIVITIES OF FY2024
The key matters reviewed, deliberated and approved by the 
Board in FY2024 were as follows:
• Annual budget setting
• Business expansion plans and developments
• Business and projects progress updates
• Group’s five-year strategy
• New business ventures
• Strategic plans progress updates
• Key performance indicators of GCEO
Strategy
• Quarterly and yearly financial performance reports
• Capital structure review
• Dividend proposals
Financial Performance
• Reappointment of external auditors
• Review of regulatory framework and compliance
• Review of related party transactions
• Consider the changes to Board composition
• Appointment and contract renewal for key management
• Succession planning and talent management review
• Recommendations of the 2024 Board Effectiveness 
Assessment (2024 BEA) and follow up actions thereto
Governance
Group and divisional strategy, plans and budget;
Acquisitions, disposals and transactions exceeding 
the authority limits delegated by the Board to 
Management;
Changes to senior management; and
Changes to key policies, procedures and delegated 
authority limits of the Group.
The role of INEDs is especially crucial in overseeing related 
party transactions, where their independence and impartiality 
safeguard the interests of minority shareholders. To maintain 
their objectivity and fulfil their responsibility in providing 
checks and balances to the Board, INEDs do not engage in the 
Group’s operations.
To avoid any conflicts of interest, Board members are required 
to declare any potential conflicts at the outset of each 
meeting. When conflicts arise, Board papers relevant to the 
matter are withheld from the interested Directors, who must 
recuse themselves from discussions, abstain from deliberations 
and refrain from voting on the matter, both at Board and 
Board Committee meetings.
On 21 February 2024, the Board established a Conflict of 
Interest Guideline that outlines clear criteria, supported by 
well-defined processes and procedures, to be strictly adhered 
to across the Group. This Guideline aims to identify, address 
and manage conflicts of interest, whether actual, potential or 
perceived. It provides a structured approach to prevent 
conflicts from compromising the objectivity and impartiality 
of business operations, while safeguarding the Group’s 
reputation and credibility.
The Board highly values the contributions of INEDs in 
promoting sound corporate governance. The impartiality, 
independence of views and valuable contributions of INEDs to 
Board deliberations are consistently affirmed. In line with the 
MCCG 2021, the Company has adopted a tenure policy 
ensuring no INED serves beyond the nine-year limit.
In alignment with the enhanced definition of independent 
directors under Bursa Securities’ Listing Requirements, the 
Board has extended the cooling-off period for the appointment 
of INEDs to three years, further reinforcing the independence 
and integrity of the Board’s composition.
MATTERS RESERVED FOR DECISION OF THE BOARD
The Board maintains a clear schedule of matters reserved for 
its decision. The specific matters reserved for the Board are 
outlined below.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 112
Sime Darby Berhad
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
LEADERSHIP & EFFECTIVENESS

---- Page 115 ----
The results of the BEA, covering the performance of the Board 
as a whole and its Board Committees, are compiled and 
reviewed by the Board to identify areas for improvement. 
Individual performance evaluations are provided to the 
Chairman of the Board, who addresses any issues with the 
respective Directors for their development and enhancement.
The overall results of the 2024 BEA were generally positive, 
with the Board expressing satisfaction with the performance 
of both the Board and its Committees. The assessment 
indicates that the Board and its Committees are effective and 
operate well within established parameters. Any areas 
identified for improvement will be addressed through targeted 
action plans.
PERFORMANCE REVIEW OF THE BOARD COMMITTEES
Taking into account the outcomes of the 2024 BEA, the Board 
is satisfied with the performance and effectiveness of the 
NRC, GAC, RMSC and IC in delivering sound advice to the 
Board for the financial year under review.
BOARD INDUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT
The Board acknowledges the pivotal role Directors play in 
sustaining success and upholding their fiduciary duties. 
Ongoing development is essential to ensure Directors stay 
abreast of industry trends and best practices and possess the 
knowledge required to effectively discharge their 
responsibilities.
The Board’s induction programme for new Directors includes 
comprehensive briefings on the Group’s organisational 
structure, operations, ongoing projects, growth strategies and 
financial performance. During the financial year under review, 
two onboarding sessions were organised for Tengku Dato’ Sri 
Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz and Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. 
Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir on 18 August 2023 and 28 March 2024 
respectively.
The Group Secretary facilitates this induction, manages 
internal training initiatives and coordinates site visits to key 
operational units. These visits offers Directors visual insights 
into the Group’s operations and are complemented by 
presentations and briefings from operational unit management.
a Visits to Hong Kong and China to review the 
Group’s operations in the regions from 9 to 13 
October 2023.
b Offsite Board and Management strategy retreat in 
Bangkok from 23 to 24 April 2024, focused on 
deliberating the Group’s strategic direction across 
its businesses and footprint. The retreat considered 
the state of the industrial and automotive industries 
and their future directions given the evolving 
landscape. External industry experts/speakers 
were invited to provide their insights.
c Visit to Perodua’s manufacturing and assembly 
plant in Serendah, Rawang on 29 August 2024.
Annual Board retreats and technical visits provide valuable 
opportunities for Directors to engage with Senior Management 
across the Group’s operations in an informal environment. The 
activities held during the year included:
DIRECTORS’ TRAINING
In accordance with Paragraph 15.08 of the Listing Requirements 
of Bursa Securities, the Directors recognise the importance of 
staying current with industry developments, particularly in 
sustainability, technological advancements and changes to 
statutory and regulatory requirements.
The Board ensures that Directors have ongoing opportunities 
to update and refresh their knowledge throughout the year, 
enabling them to perform their roles and duties effectively. 
The training needs of the Directors are periodically reviewed 
to ensure that they have access to continuing education 
programmes.
On 6 June 2023, Bursa Securities issued a letter informing 
listed companies of an amendment to the Listing Requirements 
regarding sustainability training for directors. All Directors of 
listed companies are required to attend and complete the 
Mandatory Accreditation Programme (MAP). With the 
increasing emphasis on sustainability, the MAP is now divided 
into two parts: MAP I, which comprises the current contents 
and MAP II, which focuses on sustainability matters. The new 
provisions of the Listing Requirements mandate that existing 
directors of listed companies must attend and complete MAP 
II by 1 August 2025. The Institute of Corporate Directors 
Malaysia (ICDM) is the appointed organiser for MAP II.
PG. 113


---- Page 116 ----
The Group Secretarial Department coordinated with the Directors to confirm their availability for the programme. As of the date 
of this report, all Directors have successfully completed both MAP I and MAP II.
Recognising the pivotal role of sustainability in today’s corporate landscape, the Group Secretarial Department organised an 
in-house training titled “Sustainability 101 for Senior Leadership – Building Capability & Capacity” for Directors of subsidiaries, 
Management and Divisional Secretarial teams. The training was conducted in two sessions by ICDM on 18 and 19  June 2024.
The areas of trainings, seminars, conferences and briefings attended by the Directors during the financial year under review, 
among others, are set out below:
List of Trainings Attended
Board Members Mandatory Accreditation Programme Part II: Leading for Impact (LIP)
Khazanah Megatrends Forum 2024
IIUM Workshop on New Financial Sustainability Model 2024-2028
International Conflict Talk 2.0: Navigating International Justice: South Africa’s Legal Proceeding 
Against Israel
What’s Happening in the World Economy
China – How Long Will the Slowdown Last?
Toyota’s Multipathway Strategy in Asia
Generative AI and Opportunities for Business
Being Sued as an INED – A Personal Journey
What Amounts to a Conflict of Interest by Directors?
Advocacy Sessions on the Continuing Disclosure Requirements & Corporate Disclosure Policy of the 
Listing Requirements
The Wirecard Scandal – A Whistleblower’s Perspective
The IFRS S1 and S2: Reporting, Management and Value Creation
Managing Culture to Prevent Misconduct
IFRS – Sustainability Disclosure Standards
Decoding the TCFD Reporting Framework
Directors Masterclass on Biodiversity Matters in Collaboration with Climate Governance Malaysia
Insights & Experience from New Zealand in Developing the National Strategy for Financial Capability
Adaptive Leadership In Multigenaration Social Ecosystems
Emerging Risks in the Financial Industry
CPF Board’s Financial Literacy Effort
The Path Towards Greater Prosperity for Malaysia
Sustainability Insights (UN SDGs and Organisation Sustainability Trends)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 114
Sime Darby Berhad
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT
LEADERSHIP & EFFECTIVENESS

---- Page 117 ----
List of Trainings Attended
Board Members 
(continued)
EPF Private Markets Summit 2023
The 40th ASEAN Social Security Association (ASSA)
Enterprise Sustainability (ESP) Board Mini Workshop
Cybersecurity
IIC Corporate Governance Conference 2024
Executive Insights: Charting the Path with Data and AI
Duties of Corporate Directors and Senior Management Officers
Persidangan Antarabangsa Kesejahteraan Sosial (ISWC)
Taxonomy as a Guide for Sustainable and Responsible Investment in Malaysia
ESG Disclosures: Improving the Quality of ESG Data and its Impact
IASB-MASB Virtual Outreach on Post-Implementation Review of IFRS 9: Financial Instruments – 
Impairment
Conflict of Interest
The AI Revolution and Its Real-World Impact
ICAEW Ethics: Practicing Professionalism
Future of Cybersecurity with AI
GROUP SECRETARY
The Group Secretary of Sime Darby is qualified to act as the 
company secretary under Section 235 of the CA 2016. The 
Group Secretary’s roles and responsibilities are clearly 
specified in the Board Charter.
ACCESS TO INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVICE
In discharging their duties, each Director is entitled to seek 
independent professional advice at the expense of the 
Company.
If a Director deems such advice necessary, he/she must first 
discuss it with the Chairman. If the Chairman approves, the 
Director will bring the request, including the reasons for 
seeking independent professional advice and the proposed 
cost, to the Board for approval. Upon obtaining the Board’s 
consent, the Director may proceed with seeking the advice.
ACCESS TO MANAGEMENT
Directors are provided with complete and unimpeded access 
to the Group’s Management. They also have unrestricted 
access to information pertaining to the Group, including the 
Group’s auditors and consultants.
When exercising their right to access information and 
Management, Directors must exercise judgement to ensure 
that such access does not disrupt the Group’s operations.
PG. 115


---- Page 118 ----
The Board is committed to ensuring that the financial statement of the 
Group presents a balanced, clear and meaningful assessment of the 
financial performance and prospects of the Group.
FINANCIAL REPORTING
The GAC is entrusted with reviewing the integrity and reliability of the Group’s financial statements and ensuring that these 
financial statements comply with the relevant accounting and regulatory requirements before recommending for the Board’s 
approval.
The Statement of Responsibility by Directors regarding the preparation of the annual audited financial statements of the 
Company and the Group is presented in the Financial Report.
RELATIONSHIP WITH EXTERNAL AUDITORS
The GAC has established a formal and transparent relationship with the external auditors. During the financial year under review, 
the GAC met with external auditors without the presence of the Management to discuss any matters arising from the audit.
During the financial year under review, services provided by the external auditors included statutory audit and non-audit 
services. The terms of engagement for the services rendered by the external auditors were reviewed by the GAC and approved 
by the Board.
INTERNAL AUDIT
The internal audit function is carried out independently by the Group Corporate Assurance (GCA). GCA reports directly and with 
unrestricted access to the GAC and conducts regular audit engagements on the auditable entities of the Group, provides an 
independent review of the adequacy, efficiency and effectiveness of risk management, internal control and governance 
processes as well as monitoring of compliance policies and procedures implemented by the Management. GCA adheres to the 
International Standard for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by the Institute of Internal Auditors. All audit 
reports detailing the audit findings and recommendations are provided to Management with their response to the actions taken. 
These reports are thereafter presented to the GAC for deliberation.
The summary of the GCA function and activities during the financial year under review is set out in the GAC Report.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges its responsibilities in an effective internal control system for the Group, covering financial controls and 
controls relating to operational, compliance and risk management.
The RMSC assists the Board in overseeing the risk management matters and sustainability frameworks and policies of the Group. 
The RMSC reviews the risk management framework and processes to ensure that they remain relevant and monitors the 
effectiveness of risk treatment or mitigation plans to manage and control the key risks.
The overview of the state of internal control and risk management within the Group is set out in the Statement on Risk 
Management and Internal Control of this Annual Report.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 116
Sime Darby Berhad
EFFECTIVE AUDIT & RISK MANAGEMENT
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

---- Page 119 ----
We recognise that stakeholder engagement and management are 
important components of good corporate governance. We believe that 
working together with stakeholders will ensure healthy relationships and 
good communication in managing shareholders’ expectations to ensure 
that the Company meets their needs and are favourably accepted.
The Board maintains an open and constructive relationship with all its stakeholders – large and small, institutional and private. 
We define our key stakeholders as those who have an interest in, are impacted, whether positively or negatively and exert 
significant influence on or are influenced by our businesses. They include investors, customers, suppliers, vendors, business 
partners, employees, local communities, governments, regulatory authorities, the media, NGOs and international bodies. These 
stakeholders all have a stake in our businesses and can affect them through direct or indirect influence. The Board does not 
distinguish between institutional and private investors and treats all shareholders equally. In line with this, steps are taken to 
ensure that all investors have access to the same information and disclosures.
The Chairman, supported by the Management, has the overall responsibility of ensuring that the Group listens to and effectively 
communicates with its stakeholders.
 For more details about our stakeholder engagement activities, please refer to the Stakeholder Engagement and Value Creation section on pages 26 to 31 
of this report.
PG. 117
INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL 
RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

---- Page 120 ----
Tan Sri Muhammad  
Shahrul Ikram Yaakob
Chairman of the 
Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee
This report offers shareholders valuable insight into the activities of the 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee (NRC) during the year under 
review. It demonstrates the pivotal role the NRC plays in managing the 
nomination and remuneration processes for both the Board and its 
Committees. Additionally, it highlights the NRC’s crucial involvement in 
overseeing key management positions, succession planning and human 
capital development within the Group. 
COMPOSITION
The NRC is chaired by Tan Sri Muhammad Shahrul Ikram 
Yaakob and is composed exclusively of NEDs, with a majority 
being INEDs. This composition complies with Practice 5.8 of 
the MCCG 2021, which requires the NRC to be chaired by an 
INED. Additionally, it adheres to Practice 1.4 of the MCCG 
2021, which stipulates that the Chairman of the Board should 
not serve as a member of the NRC.
MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE
NRC meetings for FY2024 were prescheduled in October 
2023, allowing members to plan ahead and incorporate the 
meeting dates into their schedules, providing ample notice of 
the meetings.
All NRC meetings met the requisite quorum as stipulated in 
the NRC’s Terms of Reference (TOR).
The agenda and meeting papers pertinent to the topics to be 
discussed were distributed to NRC members through 
collaborative software, ensuring access to the documents 
within a reasonable timeframe before the scheduled meetings.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 118
Sime Darby Berhad
NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 121 ----
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The NRC’s primary objectives include assisting the Board in 
reviewing the appropriate size and balance of the Board and 
evaluating the required mix of skills, experience and knowledge 
of the Directors. The NRC also ensures sufficient focus on 
succession planning and human capital development within the 
Group and recommends to the Board the remuneration framework 
for the NEDs, the Executive Director, key positions and employees 
of the Group, as well as overseeing the administration of the Long 
Term Cash Incentive Plan (LTCIP).
By embracing its entrusted responsibilities, the NRC plays a 
significant role in shaping the leadership landscape of the Group, 
fostering long-term sustainable growth and enabling the Group to 
achieve its strategic objectives. Through a rigorous nomination 
process, the NRC reinforces the Group’s unwavering commitment 
to excellence, transparency and governance best practices.
TERMS OF REFERENCE
The TOR of the NRC sets out the authority, duties and 
responsibilities of the NRC and is assessed, reviewed and updated 
as needed to ensure it remains relevant, current and in conformity 
with regulatory changes.
The TOR is available at https://www.simedarby.com/operating-
responsibly/governance.
A total of seven (7) meetings were held during the financial year under review. The attendance of the NRC members is as 
follows:
Members Membership/Designation Appointment Attendance
Tan Sri Muhammad Shahrul Ikram 
Yaakob
Chairman/Independent  
Non-Executive Director
25 July 2022 6/7
Mohamad Idros Mosin Member/Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
21 November 2018 7/7
Dato’ Dr Nirmala Menon Member/Independent  
Non-Executive Director
15 November 2022 7/7
Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti 
Hamisah Tapsir
Member/Independent  
Non-Executive Director
8 March 2024 3/3*
Note:
* Reflects number of meetings attended during the period of office held.
“The NRC’s primary 
objectives include 
assisting the Board in 
reviewing the 
appropriate size and 
balance of the Board 
and evaluating the 
required mix of skills, 
experience and 
knowledge of the 
Directors.”
PG. 119


---- Page 122 ----
KEY ACTIVITIES OF FY2024
Key Focus Areas Outcomes
Nomination 
Function
• Evaluated and recommended suitable candidates for appointments to the Board, Board 
Committees and senior management positions.
• Assessed the contributions of Directors seeking election and re-election at the 17 th AGM and 
made recommendations to the Board.
• Oversaw the succession planning and performance evaluation of the Board, Board Committees 
and the senior management team.
• Reviewed the succession plan for critical positions within the Group.
Remuneration 
Function
• Recommended bonus payouts and salary increments for employees of the Group.
• Appraised the performance and recommended bonus payouts and salary increments for the 
GCEO and his direct reports.
• Reviewed and recommended the renewal of fixed-term contracts for the senior management 
positions.
• Reviewed and recommended the vesting of retention cash for FY2023 under the LTCIP.
• Considered the FY2024 LTCIP grant.
• Reviewed and recommended Directors’ fees and benefits for NEDs of Sime Darby.
Governance 
Function
• Reviewed the terms of office and the performance of the GAC.
• Reviewed and recommended changes to the TOR of Board Committees.
• Reviewed the NRC Report for inclusion in the Sime Darby Annual Report 2023.
• Reviewed the GCEO’s key performance indicators (KPIs) and scorecard for the new financial 
year.
• Reviewed the compliance status of the Board Committees with their respective TOR.
• Reviewed the progress of the implementation of action plans arising from the BEA.
• Reviewed the consequence management actions of employees of subsidiaries.
• Considered the updates on the integration of Sime Darby Berhad and UMW Holdings Berhad.
• Considered the results of the Sime Darby’s Global Employee Engagement Survey.
FIT AND PROPER POLICY
Pursuant to paragraph 15.01A of the Listing Requirements, 
listed issuers are required to establish a comprehensive fit and 
proper policy to govern the appointment and re-election 
processes of directors for both the listed issuer and its 
subsidiaries. Sime Darby’s Fit and Proper Policy, established 
on 16 February 2022, outlines the criteria for assessing 
Directors’ re-election and the process for selecting candidates 
for new appointments.
During the financial year under review, the Board, through the 
NRC, assessed the fitness and propriety of the Directors in 
accordance with this policy, in conjunction with the annual 
BEA exercise. The Board was satisfied that each of the 
Directors met the required standard of fitness and propriety.
NEW BOARD APPOINTMENT AND RE-APPOINTMENT
Sime Darby employs a rigorous and transparent screening 
process for the appointment and re-appointment of Directors, 
ensuring that the Board’s composition and needs are carefully 
considered. The NRC has access to a broad pool of candidates, 
which may include recommendations from existing Board 
members, Management, major shareholders and external 
sources. All proposed appointments or re-appointments are 
assessed by the NRC, which is responsible for identifying any 
gaps in the Board’s expertise before initiating the search for 
potential candidates. The NRC adheres to the selection 
criteria outlined in the Company’s Board Appointment and Re-
Appointment guidelines.
The NRC plays a crucial role in the screening and selection of 
candidates, evaluating their qualifications and attributes 
before making recommendations to the Board. Once a 
potential candidate is shortlisted, the Group Secretary 
conducts thorough background checks, including assessments 
of any civil or criminal charges from publicly available sources, 
to evaluate the candidate’s character and integrity. In addition, 
the NRC considers the Group’s strategic direction when 
evaluating candidates for new appointments.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 120
Sime Darby Berhad
NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 123 ----
The following depicts the process for Director appointment:
Evaluation by NRC 
and recommendation 
to Board
3
Nomination by existing 
Directors, major shareholders 
and if required, external 
sources
1
Announcement to 
Bursa Securities
5
Conduct background 
reference checks
2
Board approval subject to 
candidate fulfilling the fit and 
proper assessment and 
completing other statutory 
declarations
4
In accordance with the Company’s protocol, Directors must 
adhere to specific guidelines when accepting new directorships 
outside the Sime Darby Group. Prior to accepting such 
appointments, a Director must discuss the potential role with 
the Chairman of Sime Darby to ensure it aligns with the 
Company’s interests. Once a new directorship is accepted, 
Directors are required to promptly inform the Group Secretary 
in writing. This allows the Group Secretary to notify other 
Board members and relevant regulatory authorities. Directors 
are also provided with clear expectations regarding the time 
commitment required of them to ensure they can effectively 
fulfil their roles and responsibilities. They must confirm their 
ability to allocate sufficient time, considering their other 
board roles and commitments.
In compliance with the Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Securities, no Director holds more than five directorships in 
listed issuers.
The NRC and the Board regularly review the membership of 
the Board and its Committees to ensure all members possess 
the requisite skills and experience to effectively address 
challenges and contribute to achieving the Group’s strategic 
objectives.
During the year, Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir 
was appointed as an INED of Sime Darby. Professor Datuk Dr. 
Siti Hamisah, a former civil servant with over 34 years of 
service in the Malaysian government, held various portfolios 
under six different ministers and made significant contributions 
to higher education and the fields of science, technology and 
innovation.
Professor Datuk Dr. Siti Hamisah is a registered professional 
engineer with the Board of Engineers Malaysia and a Fellow 
Member of the Institution of Engineers Malaysia. She is 
currently the President of the Malaysia Board of Technologists. 
With her extensive experience, the Board is confident that her 
contributions will further enhance its effectiveness in steering 
the Company and the Group towards continued success.
This appointment underscores Sime Darby’s ongoing 
commitment to increasing female representation on the 
Board.
PG. 121


---- Page 124 ----
RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The NRC ensures that the retirement and re-election of Directors comply with applicable laws, regulations and the Company’s 
Constitution. Before recommending Directors for re-election to the Board, the NRC evaluates the performance of Directors who 
are scheduled for retirement at the upcoming Annual General Meeting (AGM).
The following depicts the process for re-election of Directors:
Recommendation 
by NRC to the 
Board
3
Directors due for 
re-election
1
Shareholders’ 
consideration and 
approval at AGM
5
Evaluation by 
NRC
2
Recommendation  
by the Board  
to shareholders
4
Announcement to 
Bursa Securities on 
outcome of AGM
6
Rule 103 of the Constitution stipulates that at least one-third 
(1/3) of the Directors must retire by rotation at the AGM at 
least once every three years and are eligible for re-election.
Before any recommendations are submitted to the Board,  
the rotation list of Directors is presented to the NRC for 
endorsement. The NRC then conducts an assessment of the 
Directors seeking re-election, evaluating their competencies, 
commitment, contribution and performance based on the 
BEA. This assessment also includes their compliance with the 
fit and proper criteria as set out in the Fit & Proper Policy, any 
legal convictions and potential conflicts of interest. Directors 
seeking re-election must provide their consent for re-election.
The NRC’s evaluation of the retiring Directors’ performance 
and independence is followed by recommendations to the 
Board, which are then presented to shareholders for approval.
To determine the eligibility of Directors for re-election 
at the 18th AGM, each retiring Director is assessed based 
on the following criteria:
2024 BEA: The performance and contributions of 
each Director during the preceding financial year 
were rigorously evaluated. The assessment included 
his/her achievements and adherence to the 
Company’s fit and proper criteria, focusing on his/
her overall suitability and qualifications to continue 
serving as Director.
Contribution to Board Deliberations: The evaluation 
considered each Director’s role in Board discussions 
and decision-making processes and his/her experience 
and unique strengths on shaping the Company’s 
strategic direction.
Independence:  The degree of independence 
demonstrated by each Director was a crucial aspect 
of the evaluation. The Director is expected to exercise 
independent judgement, maintain impartiality and 
act in the Company’s best interests, free from 
conflicts of interest or undue influence. This aspect 
was thoroughly examined to ensure that the 
Director upheld the highest standards of ethical 
conduct.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 122
Sime Darby Berhad
NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 125 ----
The Directors retiring pursuant to Rule 103 of the Company’s 
Constitution at the 18 th AGM are:
1. Tan Sri Samsudin Osman
2. Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence
3. Mohamad Idros Mosin
4. Moy Pui Yee
Based on the assessment, both the Board and the NRC are 
satisfied that the Directors seeking re-election at Sime Darby’s 
18th AGM meet the performance criteria essential for an 
effective and high-performing Board. These Directors have 
consistently demonstrated their commitment to diligently 
fulfilling their duties and aligning with the Board’s expectations. 
Pursuant to Rule 82.2 of the Company’s Constitution, Directors 
appointed to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the 
Board shall hold office only until the conclusion of the next 
AGM and are eligible for re-election. Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. 
Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir, who was appointed as a Director to 
the Board during the year, is retiring under Rule 82.2.
Directors who seek for election and re-election under Rule 
82.2 and Rule 103 respectively have provided their consent 
and offered themselves for election and re-election at the 18th 
AGM.
REMUNERATION APPROACH
The Board has delegated to the NRC the responsibility for 
establishing the principles, parameters and governance 
framework for the Group’s remuneration matters. The 
remuneration structure for NEDs is designed to attract and 
retain high-calibre Board members, reflecting market practices 
and trends. The NRC conducts regular reviews of this structure 
to ensure that compensation for NEDs remains competitive 
and appropriate, considering their responsibilities and the 
complexity of the Group’s operations.
For the GCEO, the remuneration structure is designed to align 
rewards with both corporate and individual performance. It 
includes salary, allowances, bonuses and customary benefits 
that are competitive with those offered by comparable 
companies. The GCEO’s performance is assessed against KPIs 
outlined in a scorecard aligned with Board-approved corporate 
objectives, as well as targets set in the Group’s annual budget 
and plans. The NRC conducts annual review of the GCEO’s 
performance and provides recommendations to the Board 
regarding any adjustments to his remuneration and rewards, 
based on the GCEO’s contributions to the Group’s success. 
The GCEO abstains from participating in discussions and 
decisions related to his own remuneration at Board and Board 
Committee meetings.
In addition to standard remuneration, the Company incentivises 
the GCEO with a performance-based cash plan, further linking 
individual performance to long-term value creation for the 
organisation.
Detailed disclosure of the top five Senior Management’s 
remuneration is not provided in accordance with Practice 8.2 
of the MCCG 2021 due to concerns about industry poaching. 
Protecting sensitive compensation data is crucial to prevent 
competitors from using this information to attract our key 
talent. Despite this, the Company is dedicated to fulfilling 
regulatory requirements while balancing the need to safeguard 
competitive information. We are actively reviewing our 
practices and exploring alternative disclosure methods that 
uphold transparency and fairness, while aligning with market 
standards and regulatory expectations.
(i) Non-Executive Directors
Element Component Details
Fixed Directors’ fees Basic fee paid for directorial services rendered
Benefits Cash and non-cash benefits of monetary value
(ii) GCEO
Element Component Details
Fixed Salary Basic fee paid for services rendered as an employee of the organisation
Benefits Cash and non-cash benefits of monetary value
Variable Annual bonus Performance-based fee dependent on targets
Long Term Cash 
Incentive Plan
Performance-based granting dependent on fulfilment of the vesting 
criteria
PG. 123


---- Page 126 ----
The Group’s remuneration philosophy underscores its commitment to best practices in remuneration, retention and reward to 
attract and retain top talent. To achieve this, we regularly evaluate and benchmark our remuneration packages and incentives 
against market-related surveys. By aligning our compensation practices with industry standards, we aim to create a competitive 
and attractive structure that recognises and rewards excellence.
Attracting and retaining skilled and motivated individuals is crucial for our continued growth and our ability to deliver 
exceptional value to stakeholders. We are dedicated to fostering a culture of meritocracy, transparency and fairness in our 
remuneration processes. Our adherence to best practices ensures a dynamic, high-performing workforce that is motivated and 
engaged in driving the Group’s success forward.
The details of the Directors’ remuneration received from the Group in FY2024 are as follows:
Salary & 
Other
Remuneration
Directors’ Fees
Benefits LTCIP@ TotalCompany Subsidiary
Present Directors RM
Executive Director+
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson+ 5,248,507 – – 81,818 1,584,000 6,914,325
Non-Executive Directors
Tan Sri Samsudin Osman
N/A1
560,000 – 51,284
N/A1
611,284
Scott William Cameron 468,138 78,564 4,624 551,326
Dato’ Dr. Nirmala Menon 456,276 49,454 1,093 506,823
Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence 468,138 – 35,979 504,117
Tan Sri Muhammad Shahrul Ikram 
Yaakob 356,275 98,486 5,324 460,085
Thayaparan Sangarapillai 370,000 – 35,785 405,785
Mohamad Idros Mosin^ 344,413^ – 2,357 346,770
Tan Sri Ahmad Badri Mohd Zahir 320,000 – 671 320,671
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin 
Raja Abdul Aziz2 305,490 – 2,550 308,040
Moy Pui Yee 290,000 – 4,211 294,211
Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti 
Hamisah Tapsir3 88,063 – 226 88,289
Edree Ahmad – – 419 419
Total for Non-Executive Directors 4,026,793 226,504 144,523 4,397,820
Former Director
Non-Executive Director
Datuk Wan Selamah Wan Sulaiman4 
(Demised) N/A1 20,968 – 42,121 N/A1 63,089
Grand Total for Non-Executive 
Directors 4,047,761 226,504 186,644 4,460,909
Notes:
1 N/A – Not Applicable
2 Appointed on 1 August 2023
3 Appointed on 8 March 2024
4 Demised on 24 July 2023
@ Long Term Cash Incentive Plan
+ Paid by the Sime Darby Group
^ Paid to Permodalan Nasional Berhad
Annual Report 2024
PG. 124
Sime Darby Berhad
NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 127 ----
ANNUAL EFFECTIVENESS REVIEW AND PERFORMANCE
Board effectiveness is crucial for achieving Sime Darby’s strategic objectives and ensuring long-term success. It reflects the 
Board’s capability to fulfil its mission and guide the organisation both now and into the future. Effective governance hinges on 
a well-structured Board, efficient operations, robust dynamics, sound decision-making and thorough evaluations. Consequently, 
the Board’s effectiveness is integral to the Company’s and the Group’s success.
The NRC assists the Board in its annual review of effectiveness and functionality through the BEA. This assessment examines the 
performance of the Board, its Committees and individual Directors, identifying areas for improvement and addressing any gaps.
The results of the 2024 BEA confirm the Board’s adherence to the highest standards of governance. The assessment highlights 
the Board’s exemplary performance, noting its well-balanced composition and the requisite skills and expertise to effectively 
drive Sime Darby’s growth strategy. Supported by a strong Management team, the Board continues to demonstrate excellence 
in governance and strategic oversight.
As part of the 2024 BEA, the performance of the NRC was evaluated. The findings confirmed that the NRC effectively provided 
valuable advice and recommendations to the Board throughout the financial year under review. The Board is pleased with the 
NRC’s performance and its continued effectiveness in fulfilling its responsibilities.
Focus Areas for FY2025
We are committed to securing a continuous supply of talent that meets the Group’s future leadership and growth 
needs, ensuring long-term organisational sustainability. This involves developing and maintaining a robust talent 
pipeline at various levels within the organisation. Our focus is on identifying and nurturing high-potential individuals 
for leadership roles through comprehensive development and retention programmes. By investing in talent 
development, we aim to drive the Group’s success and lay a strong foundation for sustained growth and prosperity.
We are dedicated to continuously assessing and addressing the training needs of our Board of Directors, providing 
tailored educational solutions to ensure they are equipped with the latest knowledge and skills. This proactive 
approach enhances their ability to fulfil their fiduciary duties effectively. By empowering our Directors with the 
necessary expertise, we support informed decision-making and contribute to the long-term success of our 
organisation.
We continuously refine and evaluate our compensation and rewards framework to ensure it remains competitive, 
appropriate and aligned with current market standards. This proactive approach helps us attract and retain top 
talent, cultivating a motivated and engaged workforce. By maintaining a robust system for compensation and 
rewards, we aim to recognise and incentivise outstanding performance, thereby supporting the long-term success 
and growth of our organisation.
We are committed to prioritising consequence management for FY2025. This commitment includes ensuring 
transparency and timely reporting of consequence management cases, along with regular reviews and monitoring of 
the effectiveness of the process. We will ensure consistent application of consequence management actions to 
eliminate any perception of favouritism or bias. Additionally, we will continue to reinforce our core values and foster 
a culture of accountability, encouraging individuals to take responsibility for their actions.
We are committed to addressing gaps identified in the 2024 BEA and implementing necessary improvements to 
enhance Board performance. This includes evaluating the effectiveness of these actions and refining our approach to 
ensure sustained progress. By leveraging insights from previous assessments, we aim to advance our governance 
practices and align with best practices.
Talent Development and Leadership Pipeline1
Directors’ Training and Development2
Compensation and Reward Framework3
Consequence Management4
Ongoing Improvement5
PG. 125


---- Page 128 ----
Thayaparan 
Sangarapillai
Chairman of the 
Governance and  
Audit Committee/ 
Senior Independent  
Non-Executive Director
MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE
Members Membership/Designation Appointment Attendance
Thayaparan Sangarapillai Chairman/Senior Independent 
Non-Executive Director^
1 December 2017 8/8
Tan Sri Muhammad Shahrul Ikram Yaakob Member/Independent Non-Executive 
Director
15 November 
2022
8/8
Scott William Cameron Member/Independent Non-Executive 
Director
1 January 2023 8/8
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja 
Abdul Aziz
Member/Independent Non-Executive 
Director
24 August 2023 6/6*
Notes:
^ Appointed as the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director of Sime Darby Berhad on 24 August 2023.
* Reflects number of meetings attended following his appointment as member of GAC.
COMPOSITION
The Governance & Audit Committee (GAC) is chaired by Mr Thayaparan Sangarapillai and comprises four members. All four are 
Independent Non-Executive Directors, in compliance with the Main Market Listing Requirements (Listing Requirements) of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa Securities) and the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 126
Sime Darby Berhad
GOVERNANCE & AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 129 ----
In discharging its responsibilities, the GAC is assisted by the Group Corporate Assurance (GCA) and Group Risk & Compliance 
(GRC) departments.
The performance of the GAC for FY2024 was evaluated as part of the BEA 2024 exercise. Based on the results of the assessment, 
the Board was satisfied that the GAC has discharged its duties responsibly and effectively. The performance of the GAC was also 
in accordance with the Committee’s TOR.
 Detailed Terms of Reference of the GAC is available at https://www.simedarby.com/operating-responsibly/governance
A committee of the Sime Darby Board, the GAC is tasked with the following primary objectives:
to assist the Board in fulfilling its statutory and fiduciary responsibility of monitoring the Group’s 
management of its financial risk processes, accounting and financial reporting practices;
to review the Group’s business processes and the quality of its accounting functions, financial reporting and 
internal controls;
to enhance the independence of both the external and internal audit functions by providing direction and 
oversight on behalf of the Board; and
to assist the Board in ensuring that an effective ethics programme is implemented across the Group and in 
monitoring compliance with established policies and procedures.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
KEY ACTIVITIES OF FY2024
Reviewed and recommended to the Board for approval:
• all quarterly financial results and the annual audited financial statements for FY2024. The GAC’s review focused on 
changes to accounting policies, areas of significant judgement and corrected misstatements;
• the dividends proposed by the Management for the financial year and solvency; and
• the issuance of Letters of Financial Support to subsidiaries of the company.
Financial Reporting
• Reviewed and approved the Group Audit Plan, which outlines the audit strategy and approach for FY2024.
• Reviewed and approved the Supplemental Audit Plan for UMW Holdings Berhad, post-acquisition, for the period from 
1  January 2024 to 30 June 2024.
• Received the Annual Transparency Report (ATR) prepared by external auditors, which contains the audit firm’s legal and 
governance structure and measures taken to uphold audit quality and manage risks and indicators of audit quality.
• Affirmed that Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT and all members of its engagement team maintained their 
independence in accordance with the provisions of the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and Practice) of the 
Malaysian Institute of Accountants.
• Noted the internal controls memorandum for FY2023.
• Held four (4) meetings with the external auditors without Management’s presence to allow the external auditors to raise 
concerns, if any and discuss relevant issues and obtain feedback for improvement.
• Considered in consultation with the Management, the Group’s audit fees and provision of non-audit services by the 
external auditors for FY2024 for recommendation to the Board for approval.
• Completed the annual external auditors’ assessment prior to submitting the recommendation for re-appointment of the 
external auditors to the Board for approval. Among other things, the assessment covered:
– governance and independence;
– communication and interaction; and
– quality of resources and services.
External Audit
PG. 127


---- Page 130 ----
• Reviewed and approved GCA’s audit plan and operating budget for FY2025.
• Reviewed internal audit reports at each GAC meeting.
• Considered the following:
– results of planned audits, business advisory reviews and data analytics initiatives;
– results of whistleblowing investigations and ad-hoc assignments requested by management;
– adequacy of the management’s responses to audit findings and recommendations;
– status of audits as compared to the approved Corporate Assurance Plan; and
– adequacy of audit resources.
• Considered the integration plan and results of the Quality Assurance Review of UMW Holdings Berhad’s internal audit 
department.
• Approved the KPIs for FY2024 and at the end of the financial year, conducted the performance appraisal for the Group 
Chief Assurance Officer.
Internal Audit
Reviewed RPTs and RRPTs of the Group to ensure compliance with Companies Act 2016, the Main Market Listing Requirements 
and the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards. The objective of the review is to ensure that RPTs and RRPTs are not 
accorded terms more favourable than that generally available to the public and that they are not detrimental to the interest 
of minority shareholders.
Related Party Transactions (RPTs) and Recurrent Related Party Transactions (RRPTs)
• Conducted annual review of Group Policies and Authorities (GPAs) and made key amendments related to:
– Declaration of Conflict of Interest (COI) which requires the Management to report to the GAC the COI of the Board 
and key senior management;
– Changes to the Group’s Core Values which are now reflected in the GPA, Human Resource systems and the Code of 
Business Conduct;
– Embedment of major IT projects including the policy on data loss prevention and responsible use of artificial 
intelligence;
– Changes to the role of Group Safety and Sustainability to reflect its responsibility in providing direction on carbon 
emissions;
– Introducing Responsible Sourcing Policy and the Human Rights Charter; and
– Updating the Governance Structure to include UMW as a division.
• Reviewed the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Controls.
Governance and Regulatory Compliance
Reviewed:
• The internal Guideline on Conflict of Interest (COI) involving Directors and key senior management of the Group.
• The disclosure of COI from Sime Darby Berhad Board members and senior management.
• The proposed revision to the Terms of Reference of GAC to encompass oversight of COI, including the development of 
internal guidelines for identifying, assessing, reporting and monitoring COI.
• The proposed appointment of auditors other than PricewaterhouseCoopers for Tractors Singapore (Maldives) Private 
Limited and to retain current auditors for certain subsidiaries of UMW Holdings Berhad.
• Group sponsorships and donations approved by the GCEO for FY2024.
• Status updates by the Group IT department on internal control recommendations and mitigation plans as well as 
cybersecurity initiatives.
• Summary of the GCEO’s approval of investments and capital expenditure in accordance with his limits of authority for 
FY2024.
Other Items
Reviewed and endorsed the following:
• Annual Audited Financial Statements for FY2024;
• Statement on Risk Management and Internal Controls;
• GAC report for inclusion in Sime Darby Berhad Annual Report 2024; and
• Corporate Governance Overview Statement.
Annual Report
Annual Report 2024
PG. 128
Sime Darby Berhad
GOVERNANCE & AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 131 ----
KEY MATTERS CONSIDERED
At every committee meeting, the GAC receives updates on key governance matters, audit initiatives and issues across the Group. 
The Committee also reviews and reports to the Board on key matters including financial reporting, significant judgments made 
by the management, significant and unusual events or transactions and how these matters are addressed.
Some of the areas and key matters considered by the Committee during the financial year include:
Significant Initiatives/
Issues Matters Considered Outcomes
Acquisition of UMW 
Holdings Berhad (UMW) 
by Sime Darby Enterprise 
Sdn Bhd (SDESB)
On 13 December 2023, the Company, through its 
wholly-owned subsidiary, SDESB, completed the 
acquisition of 61.2% equity interest in UMW from 
Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB) and unit trust funds 
(UTFs) managed by PNB at RM5.00 per UMW share. 
The acquisition is deemed a related party transaction 
pursuant to the Listing Requirements as PNB is the 
person connected with AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 
– Amanah Saham Bumiputera, a major shareholder of 
the Company and one of the UTFs. On 27 December 
2023, SDESB issued a mandatory take-over offer to 
acquire all the remaining shares in UMW at RM5.00 per 
UMW share. On 21 March 2024, SDESB completed the 
compulsory acquisition of all the remaining UMW 
shares resulting in UMW becoming a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of SDESB. The acquisition was accounted as 
a business combination in accordance with MFRS 3 – 
Business Combination (MFRS 3). Arising from the 
acquisition, intangible assets amounting to RM402 
million were recognised. Given the timing of the 
acquisition, the management had assessed that the 
purchase price represents its fair value supported by 
external valuation reports provided to the management. 
The management also did not note any indicators of a 
significant decline in performance since acquisition.
The GAC concurred with the 
management’s assessment on 
the recoverability of the 
intangible assets in UMW.
Acquisition of Kuxton Pty 
Limited and Kagera Pty 
Ltd (CavPower Group)
On 1 November 2023, Industrial Division completed 
the acquisition of the CavPower Group. The acquisition 
was accounted as a business combination in accordance 
with MFRS 3. Intangible assets amounting to RM819 
million were recognised for the acquisition. Given the 
timing of the acquisition, the management had 
assessed that the purchase price represents its fair 
value supported by external valuation reports provided 
to the management. The management also did not 
note any indicators of a significant decline in 
performance since acquisition.
The GAC concurred with the 
management’s assessment on 
the recoverability of the 
intangible assets in CavPower 
Group.
Recoverability of the 
carrying amount of 
intangible assets at the 
Group
Using the Value-in-Use method, the management 
performed an impairment assessment on Cash 
Generating Units (CGUs) in the Group’s Motors Division 
in Australia, Malaysia and Indonesia, heavy equipment 
businesses in the Industrial Division in Australia and 
Papua New Guinea and chroming and equipment rental 
businesses in the Industrial Division in Australia. The 
management concluded that impairment amounting to 
RM59 million was recorded as at 30 June 2024 for 
CGUs in Motors Division and that impairment was  
not required for CGUs in Industrial Division as the 
projections indicated the recoverable amounts are still 
above the carrying values.
The GAC concurred with the 
Management’s assessment on 
the recoverability of the 
intangible assets at the 
Group’s Motors Division in 
Australia, Malaysia and 
Indonesia, heavy equipment 
businesses in the Industrial 
Division in Australia and Papua 
New Guinea and chroming and 
equipment rental businesses in 
the Industrial Division in 
Australia.
PG. 129


---- Page 132 ----
Significant Initiatives/
Issues Matters Considered Outcomes
Reassessment of PNB and 
Yayasan Pelaburan 
Bumiputra (YPB) as Sime 
Darby Berhad’s immediate 
and ultimate holding 
companies respectively
The management has reassessed PNB and YPB as Sime 
Darby’s immediate and ultimate holding companies, 
respectively, under the Malaysian Companies Act 2016 
(CA 2016) and MFRS 10 – Consolidated Financial 
Statements (MFRS 10), as well as PNB’s treatment of 
Sime Darby. It was concluded that PNB does not control 
Sime Darby, as the criteria for control based on CA 2016 
and MFRS 10 were not met. PNB also considers Sime 
Darby to be an associate rather than a subsidiary.
The GAC concurred with the 
management’s assessment 
that PNB does not control 
Sime Darby and accordingly 
PNB and YPB are not Sime 
Darby’s immediate and 
ultimate holding companies, 
respectively.
Conflict of Interest (COI) Following the changes to the Main Market Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad 
effective from 1 July 2023 regarding conflict of interest 
(COI), the management has developed an Internal 
Guideline on COI for the Group (Guideline) and its 
procedures. This Guideline was created with input 
from legal consultants across the Group’s key markets, 
including Malaysia, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, 
China and Hong Kong. Management presented to the 
GAC the disclosures on COI and the corresponding 
mitigating actions provided by the Group’s Directors 
and Group Management Committee members.
The GAC approved the COI 
Guideline and procedures. The 
GAC concluded that no further 
action was necessary on the 
disclosures and the related 
mitigating actions from the 
Group’s Directors and Group 
Management Committee 
members.*
Note:
* For more details on the COI mitigating actions in place, please refer to the Board of Directors section of this report.
GROUP CORPORATE ASSURANCE (GCA) DEPARTMENT
The Group’s internal audit function is carried out by the GCA 
department. This department is headed by Mr Ramesh 
Ramanathan, who has more than 20 years of experience with 
two prominent “Big 4” accounting firms. He is a Fellow 
Member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants 
and a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants.
The department acts as a centralised function supported by 
regional corporate assurance teams that have direct control 
and supervision over audit services in designated regions 
across the Group. The UMW Holdings Berhad internal audit 
team was integrated into GCA effective 1 March 2024. 
Resulting from the integration, there are now a total of 55 
internal auditors led by regional heads in Malaysia, Australia 
and China.
The department is guided by its charter which delegates 
functional reporting to the GAC and administrative reporting 
to the GCEO. This is to ensure an appropriate degree of 
independence from operational units of the Group. The 
principal responsibilities of the GCA are to undertake regular 
systematic reviews of internal controls systems and to provide 
reasonable assurance that the systems in place continue to 
operate satisfactorily and effectively throughout the Group.
The GAC reviews, challenges and approves the annual GCA 
audit plan with periodic reviews to ensure business alignment, 
appropriate risk assessment and audit methodology and to 
ensure robustness in the audit planning process. There were 
no outsourced audit assignments during the year under review.
The Quality Assurance and Improvement Programme, which 
focuses on the efficiency and effectiveness of audit processes, 
continues to be applied to assess the quality of audit processes 
adopted. The programme conducts ongoing internal 
assessments to identify and make appropriate recommendations 
for the improvement of key activities within GCA. These are 
carried out in the form of annual internal team validations.
In FY2024, total cost incurred for the internal audit function 
at the Group was RM16.9 million (excluding UMW’s internal 
audit function). In comparison the cost was RM16.0 million in 
FY2023. The total cost incurred by UMW’s internal audit 
function post-acquisition (December 2023) till 30 June 2024 
was RM3.5 million.
GROUP RISK & COMPLIANCE (GRC) DEPARTMENT
The GRC assists the GAC in governance oversight, particularly in the review of the adequacy and effectiveness of Group 
Policies and Authorities (GPAs) and Group Procurement Policies and Authorities (GPPA).
The department is headed by Mr Richard Ong, a Fellow Member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants with 
20 years of experience in governance, risk management and controls.
 For further details, please refer to the Risk Management & Sustainability Committee Report on pages 131 to 136 of this report.
This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors dated 26 September 2024.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 130
Sime Darby Berhad
GOVERNANCE & AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 133 ----
Tan Sri Ahmad Badri 
Mohd Zahir
Chairman of the Risk 
Management & 
Sustainability Committee
MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE
Members Membership Appointment Attendance
Tan Sri Ahmad Badri Mohd Zahir Chairman/Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
1 December 2020 5/5
Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence Member/Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
20 July 2018 5/5
Ms Moy Pui Yee Member/Independent Non-Executive 
Director
20 July 2018 4/5
Mr Thayaparan Sangarapillai Member/Independent Non-Executive 
Director
4 September 2019 5/5
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja 
Abdul Aziz
Member/Independent Non-Executive 
Director
24 August 2023 4/4*
Note:
* Reflects the number of meetings held following his appointment as a Member of RMSC.
COMPOSITION
The Risk Management and Sustainability Committee (RMSC), led by Tan Sri Ahmad Badri Mohd Zahir, consists of five members 
following the appointment of Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz on 24 August 2023, with a majority of them 
being Independent Non-Executive Directors. Members of the RMSC bring with them a diverse set of expertise and experience 
and have solid understanding of the sectors in which the Group operates.
This enables them to execute their role of anticipating, assessing and mitigating potential risks, by challenging and facilitating 
robust discussions on the management of the Group’s key risk areas.
PG. 131
RISK MANAGEMENT & SUSTAINABILITY  
COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 134 ----
In discharging its responsibilities, the RMSC is assisted functionally by both Group Risk & Compliance and Group Safety and 
Sustainability.
 Detailed Terms of Reference of the RMSC is available at https://www.simedarby.com/operating-responsibly/governance
The RMSC is primarily responsible for overseeing risk management and sustainability frameworks and policies within the Group 
and reviewing the efficacy of internal controls to address key risks. The Committee assists the Board in discharging its main 
responsibilities of identifying principal risks and key trends and deliberating strategic action plans to mitigate the impact of such 
risks in addition to monitoring the effectiveness of the sustainability strategy across the Group.
The main functions and duties of the RMSC as specified in the TOR include but are not limited to the following:
Oversee the implementation of the Group’s risk management framework, policies and procedures in 
identifying and managing risks across the Group’s business operations;
Review and monitor the statement on risk management and internal control in the Group’s Annual Report, 
Group’s key performance against sustainability strategies and material sustainability matters relevant to the 
Group, including climate-related risks and opportunities;
Establish and recommend for the Board’s approval the Group’s sustainability strategy, blueprint, material 
matters, policies and guidelines and sustainability risk tolerance levels;
Oversee the formulation and implementation of policies and programmes to address the Group’s key 
compliance risk areas including any related material matters arising thereof as identified by the risk 
framework;
Oversee the processes, framework and strategies designed to manage economic, environmental and social 
risks, covering matters such as safety, health, employment practices, environmental practices, human rights, 
community relations and other relevant sustainability matters; and
Ensure the adequacy of resources and systems for sustainability, risk and compliance management; and 
evaluate the effectiveness of the Group’s risk and compliance management;
Review and recommend the integration of sustainability including the Group’s Sustainability Statement and 
Reporting in the Group’s Annual Report in line with the requirements under the Main Market Listing 
Requirements (MMLR).
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Annual Report 2024
PG. 132
Sime Darby Berhad
RISK MANAGEMENT & SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 135 ----
GRC is currently headed by Mr Richard Ong Aik Jin. Richard is a Fellow Member of the Association of Chartered Certified 
Accountants with more than 20 years of experience in governance, risk and resilience management, compliance and internal 
controls. He is responsible for implementing appropriate systems, programmes and initiatives to manage the Group’s overall risk 
exposure and compliance management.
GRC reports functionally to the RMSC, with administrative reporting to the GCFO. The dual reporting line ensures a level of 
independence and objectivity in discharging of responsibilities.
THE GROUP RISK & COMPLIANCE DEPARTMENT (GRC)
GRC’s primary role is to assist the RMSC and the Board in discharging their risk management and compliance integrity 
responsibilities.
GRC is structured to ensure that adequate support is provided at both the GHO and Divisional levels, with responsibilities 
mainly, but not limited to the following:
1 Assessment and Advisory
Identify, assess and evaluate key strategic, operational, financial and compliance risk areas, as well as risks pertaining 
to major business proposals;
2 Training and Awareness
Inculcate a strong risk and compliance centric culture across the Group by imparting the necessary skills, knowledge 
and understanding of risk and compliance management;
3 Policy Governance
Establish, institutionalise and implement the relevant framework, policies and guidelines for risk and compliance 
management such as the ERM Framework, BCM Framework and the Human Rights Charter;
4 Compliance Programme
Implement risk-based compliance monitoring programme to drive and embed a culture of ethical behaviour and 
integrity;
5 Resilience Management
Enhance the Group’s resilience in the event of a crisis or disaster and ensure the Group is adequately insured against 
key insurable risks and perils;
6 Monitoring and Reporting
Continuously monitor and report key risk areas to detect and report key incidents and regulatory breaches via 
appropriate communication and escalation channels; and
7 Procurement Governance
Instill procurement governance by formulating and driving procurement policy and best practices.
PG. 133


---- Page 136 ----
THE GROUP SAFETY AND SUSTAINABILITY FUNCTION (GSS)
GSS’s primary role is to manage safety and sustainability for the Group. Furthermore, GSS supports the RMSC and the Board in 
discharging their safety and sustainability responsibilities.
GSS is uniquely structured to ensure that adequate support is provided at both the GHO and Divisional levels, with direct 
reports embedded in operations. Key functions include, but are not limited to:
• Policy Governance
 Establish, standardise and implement the relevant framework, policies and guidelines for safety and sustainability 
management;
• Statutory Safety and Sustainability Compliance and Risk Reporting
 Capture, assess and evaluate key enterprise safety and sustainability compliance risk areas including major business 
proposals;
• Training and Awareness
 Deliver safety and sustainability awareness training to support a positive reporting culture across the Group;
• Sustainability Programme Management
 Implement a project methodology to capture and report on sustainability activities across GHO and the Divisions;
• Monitoring and Reporting
 Continuously monitor and report key safety and sustainability risk areas including key incidents, regulatory breaches via 
documented and systemised communication and escalation channels;
• Assurance
 Ensure the integrity of safety and sustainability data meet assurance requirements; and
• Security
 Monitor global security threats and implement wellbeing outcomes for all employees.
GSS is currently headed by the Executive Manager for Sustainability Mr Angus Thompson. Angus holds a Bachelor of 
Environmental Management (Major Sustainable Development) with 18 years experience in sustainability management. GSS 
reports to the GCEO, with secondary reporting to the RMSC to enable discharge of duties relating to safety and sustainability.
KEY ACTIVITIES OF FY2024
• Oversaw Group and Divisional risk profiles and compliance attestations in managing the significant enterprise and 
compliance risks, articulated via quarterly Group Risk reports.
• Oversaw the implementation of Board risk appetite statements and tolerance level to ensure alignment with the Group’s 
strategic objectives, growth pursuits and present business environment. 
• Oversaw the project risks pertaining to major business proposals in accordance with the Group’s Limits of Authority.
• Oversaw the establishment of the Climate Change Risk Assessment Framework and Plan.
• Oversaw the progressive alignment of the key risk assessment framework, policies and procedures for newly acquired 
entities.
Assessment and Advisory
• Oversaw the implementation of various training and awareness programmes for key risks and compliance topics including 
business continuity, risk appetite, project risks, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, yourTrust app in relation to GHD 
registration, Human Rights Charter, Competition Law Compliance Manual and Responsible Sourcing Policy across the Group.
• Oversaw the introduction of the “SELF” safety cultural programme into the Group’s Asian operations, while continuing the 
rollout throughout Australia and New Zealand.
Training and Awareness
Annual Report 2024
PG. 134
Sime Darby Berhad
RISK MANAGEMENT & SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 137 ----
The action plans for the focus areas for FY2024 as disclosed in the Annual Report 2023 were successfully implemented.
• Oversaw the  revision of Group Policies and Authorities (GPA) to address legislative changes and areas of improvement.
• Oversaw the alignment of key policies in UMW in line with the acquisition.
• Oversaw the introduction of the Group’s Net Zero Statement.
Policy Governance
• Oversaw the enhancement of the Group’s ABMS plan, namely ABMS 2.0 which integrates UMW’s existing ABMS plan into 
the Group’s ABMS 2.0.
• Oversaw the planning and scoping of the Group-wide corruption risk assessment exercises.
• Oversaw the development of the Global Privacy Notice to address the data privacy compliance risks.
• Oversaw the establishment and launch of the Group Competition Law Manual to highlight the key competition law 
compliance aspects across all key markets.
• Oversaw the assessment of modern slavery risks and the establishment and launch of the Group Human Rights Charter to 
address human rights impacts, including modern slavery risks in our operations and supply chain.
• Oversaw the development of the Conflict of Interest Guideline and operationalisation procedure to ensure compliance 
with Bursa regulatory requirements.
Compliance Programme
• Oversaw the launch of the Group Responsible Sourcing Policy and the strategic planning of its implementation across the 
Group.
Procurement Governance
• Oversaw the effectiveness of the Group’s Business Continuity Management (BCM) programme via the development and 
replication of business continuity plan, execution of testing and simulation to strengthen the Group’s preparedness and 
resilience during crisis or disasters.
• Oversaw the inception of a cybersecurity Insurance Policy to alleviate the impact of cybersecurity risks.
Resilience Management
• Oversaw the reporting of the Group-wide sustainability programme management office for Environment, Social, 
Governance (PM ESG).
Sustainability Programme Management
• Oversaw all significant incidents including reporting and lessons learned sharing throughout the Group.
• Oversaw the implementation of mitigation measures and action plan.
Statutory Safety and Sustainability Compliance and Risk Reporting
• Oversaw the reporting on sustainability data from the Groupwide safety systems to monitor performance to targets on 
Tier 1 key performance indicators.
Monitoring and Reporting
• Oversaw the undertaking of audits on selected sites throughout all divisions and the report of all major non-conformances 
including mitigating and corrective action.
• Oversaw the collation of assurance questionnaires for all operations.
Assurance
• Monitored global security events for applicability and risk to Group operations.
• Oversaw the actions taken on reported security events.
Security
PG. 135


---- Page 138 ----
FOCUS AREAS TO BE UNDERTAKEN IN FY2025
The key activities to be undertaken in FY2025 will largely 
focus on setting the right governance infrastructure to cater 
for a larger Sime Darby ecosystem post-acquisition of UMW, 
ensuring effective assessment, management, monitoring and 
reporting of emerging risks, ringfencing businesses against 
non-compliances or regulatory breaches and enhancing 
sustainability through education and metrics. The intent is to 
position governance and sustainability as key enablers for 
Sime Darby’s aggressive growth, constantly providing the 
right “check and balance” mechanism and to build resilience 
to address global risk trends and enhance sustainability 
opportunities. The RMSC’s key priorities and initiatives for 
FY2025 include:
Assessment and Advisory1
• Oversee the progression of the Taskforce on Climate 
Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) Framework and the 
enhancements required to meet International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) S1 and S2 reporting based on 
regional requirements.
• Oversee the implementation of risk assessment and 
establishment of the formal risk framework and profiles 
for newly acquired entities.
• Oversee the recalibration of board risk appetite and 
tolerance levels.
• Oversee the implementation of Tier 4 risk assessment 
which deep dives the risk management to the operation 
level.
Training and Awareness2
• Oversee the implementation of various training and 
awareness events to inculcate more awareness of climate 
risk assessment and Tier 4 operational risk assessment, 
code of business conduct, conflict of interest and anti-
bribery and anti-corruption among employees across the 
Group.
• Oversee the continuous rollout of the cultural programme 
SELF.
• Oversee the implementation of the ESG training for 
internal stakeholders.
Policy Governance3
• Oversee the enhancement of policies and procedures to 
address key control issues and weaknesses.
• Oversee the Health and Safety Framework maturity.
• Oversee the implementation of the Group Policy for 
Sustainability to include greenhouse gas (GHG) emission 
methodology for acquisition, mergers and growth.
Resilience Management4
• Oversee the effectiveness of the Group’s Business 
Continuity Management programme via implementation of 
testing and simulation to strengthen the Group’s 
preparedness and resilience during crisis or disasters.
Compliance Programme5
• Oversee the execution of Anti-Bribery Management 
System 2.0, particularly Corruption Risk Assessments.
• Oversee the enhancement of Gifts, Hospitality and 
Donations Procedure and operationalisation of Conflict-of-
Interest Guideline and procedure.
• Oversee the assessment of cross-border data transfer risk 
and mitigation across all key markets.
Sustainability Programme Management6
• Oversee the refinement of safety metric reporting.
• Oversee the review of the sustainability material matters.
• Oversee the Group’s Net Zero commitment and emission 
reduction strategy.
• Oversee Scope 3 reporting and analysis.
• Oversee the Sustainability Blueprint update to ensure 
relevance to future direction.
Procurement Governance7
• Oversee the strategic planning of the implementation of 
Group Responsible Sourcing Policy and Framework in 
accordance with the Group Responsible Sourcing Roadmap.
• Oversee the enhancement of GPPA to address business 
dynamics.
Statutory Safety and Sustainability Compliance and  
Risk Reporting8
• Oversee the enhancement of systems to report all 
significant incidents and capture lessons learnt across the 
Group.
• Oversee the mitigation measures and action plans.
Monitoring and Reporting9
• Oversee push data reporting for safety across all 
operational areas.
• Oversee the inclusion of the key acquisition data in 
monthly reporting in line with integration timeframes.
Assurance10
• Oversee the enhancement of safety and sustainability data 
to meet assurance requirements through standardisation 
of reporting.
Security11
• Oversee the continuous monitoring of global security 
threats.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 136
Sime Darby Berhad
RISK MANAGEMENT & SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE REPORT

---- Page 139 ----
INTRODUCTION
The Board is pleased to provide this Statement on Risk Management and 
Internal Control (Statement) which outlines the nature of risk management 
and internal controls within Sime Darby for the year under review.
Risk management and internal controls are integrated into management 
processes and embedded in the business activities of the Group.
The BoardA
The Group is led by the Board. The Board has delegated the 
governance and risk management responsibilities to Board 
Committees which ensure independent oversight of internal 
controls and risk management.
Notwithstanding the delegated responsibilities, the Board takes 
overall responsibility in the establishment and oversight of the 
Group’s risk management framework and internal controls 
systems. The Board is cognisant of its role in setting the tone and 
in nurturing a culture towards managing key risks to achieve the 
Group’s business objectives. The Board also recognises that 
internal controls systems are designed to manage and minimise 
rather than eliminate and avoid occurrences of material 
misstatements or unforeseeable circumstances, fraud or losses.
• Governance & Audit Committee (GAC)
 The key responsibility of the GAC is to assist the Board in 
fulfilling the Board’s statutory and fiduciary responsibilities 
of monitoring the Group’s management of financial risk 
processes, accounting and financial reporting practices.
 The GAC is also tasked to review the processes and quality 
of the Group’s accounting function, financial reporting and 
the internal controls system.
 The GAC’s Terms of Reference and activities in assessing 
the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls system 
and their implementation within the Group are detailed on 
pages 126 to 130 of this Annual Report.
 In discharging its duties, the GAC is assisted by the Group 
Corporate Assurance (GCA) department.
• Risk Management & Sustainability Committee (RMSC):
 The RMSC assists the Board by:
• Setting and overseeing the implementation of the risk 
management and sustainability frameworks, policies 
and procedures in identifying and managing risks 
across the Group’s business operations;
• Overseeing the formulation and implementation of 
policies and programmes to address the Group’s key 
compliance risk areas;
• Evaluating and advising the Board on significant 
strategic activities and policies regarding sustainability 
practices and initiatives; and
• Overseeing responsibilities in relation to the Group’s 
sustainability strategy and initiatives comprising of 
economic, environmental and social matters.
The RMSC is also entrusted to set the tone and culture 
towards effective risk management controls and sustainability 
strategies within the Group.
In discharging its responsibilities, the RMSC is assisted by  
the Group Risk & Compliance (GRC) and Group Safety & 
Sustainability (GSS) departments.
 For further details on the activities of the RMSC, please refer to pages 
131 to 136 of this report.
The ManagementB
The Management is accountable to the Board in ensuring the 
effective implementation of approved frameworks, policies 
and procedures related to risk management and internal 
controls. The Management is also responsible for continuously 
monitoring the residual risks that may impede the Group’s 
goals and objectives.
The Management also provides assurance to the Board that 
the risk management and internal controls systems are 
adequate and are operating effectively based on the risk 
management framework adopted by the Group.
RESPONSIBILITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES
The Management’s responsibilities include but is not 
limited to:
Implementing relevant policies and processes to 
identify, evaluate, monitor and report risks and 
internal controls;
Ensuring appropriate and timely corrective actions 
are taken to strengthen internal controls and to 
minimise occurrences of non-compliances;
Assuring the Board that adequate mitigative actions 
have been promptly and properly carried out to 
address any lapses;
Setting the right example (in words and actions) to 
encourage and reinforce the importance of ethical 
business conduct;
Applying all required rules and regulations; and
Seeking guidance from the Board on matters 
concerning risks and internal controls when required.
PG. 137
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT
AND INTERNAL CONTROL

---- Page 140 ----
REPORTING STRUCTURE – ASSURANCE, RISK & COMPLIANCE AND SAFETY & SUSTAINABILITY
Board of Directors
Group Corporate  
Assurance Department
Group Management 
Committee
Risk 
Management & 
Sustainability 
Committee
Governance
& Audit 
Committee
GCEO
Group Risk &  
Compliance Department1
Group Safety & 
Sustainability Department
Group Corporate Assurance Department (GCA)C
GCA, which is an integral part of the Group’s internal controls 
system, reports directly to the GAC.
GCA’s primary role is to provide independent, reasonable and 
objective assurance in addition to business advisory reviews 
designed to add value and improve efficiency of the Group’s 
operations.
In supporting the Group to achieve its objectives, GCA 
employs a systematic and disciplined approach to evaluate 
and recommend improvements for the effectiveness of risk 
management, internal controls and governance processes.
A risk-based annual audit plan is developed by GCA which sets 
out GCA’s audit engagements within the Group for the year 
and is reviewed and approved by the GAC. GCA’s audit 
practices conform to the International Professional Practices 
Framework (IPPF) published by the US Institute of Internal 
Auditors Inc.
GCA tailors its annual audit plan based on emerging business 
risks of the Group. GCA actively monitors and responds to 
adverse indicators and key risks. Adjustments are made to the 
audit coverage as required, including scope extensions and/or 
undertaking special reviews with amendments to the audit 
plan. These are reported to the GAC periodically.
 For further details on GCA’s mandate and activities, please refer to page 
130 of this report.
Group Risk & Compliance Department (GRC)D
GRC assists the Board, RMSC and GAC in discharging their risk 
management and compliance responsibilities. GRC is structured 
to provide adequate support to both GHO and the Divisions 
with regards to the management of risk and compliance.
GRC’s main role is to coordinate compliance and risk 
management activities such as programmes or activities to 
identify, mitigate and educate employees about the risk of 
non-compliances and to provide reasonable assurance that the 
Group’s operations and activities are conducted in line with 
the key regulatory requirements. This role is executed via 
oversight, coordination, consultation, validation and 
monitoring of the Group’s state of compliance.
GRC also sets the strategic plan to guide the priorities and 
direction of the Group’s risk management and compliance 
activities.
Post acquisition of UMW in March 2024, GRC has set up a 
compliance function in UMW within the UMW’s Risk and 
Integrity Department. UMW’s compliance function includes 
rolling out GRC’s compliance activities in UMW Division.
 For further details on GRC’s mandate and activities, please refer to page 
133 of this report.
Group Safety & Sustainability (GSS)E
GSS assists the RMSC and the Board in discharging their 
safety and sustainability responsibilities. 
GSS main role is to provide reporting and assurance activities 
as well as programmes or undertakings to educate employees 
about the requirements of safety and sustainability and to 
manage assurance for the accurate reporting of the Group’s 
safety and sustainability metrics. The compliance review of 
operations and activities with key HSE regulatory requirements 
is undertaken via oversight, internal reporting, consultation, 
validation and monitoring of the Group’s state of HSE 
compliance.
GSS also sets the strategic plan to guide the priorities and 
direction of the Group’s safety and sustainability activities.
 For further details on GSS’s mandate and activities, please refer to page 
134 of this report.
Note:
1 Group Risk & Compliance reports to the GAC on matters related to Sime Darby’s Group Policies & Authorities (GPA), Group Procurement Policies & Authorities 
(GPPA) and Code of Business Conduct (COBC).
Annual Report 2024
PG. 138
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

---- Page 141 ----
The Group’s ERM Framework is integrated and where 
appropriate, embedded into the day-to-day business activities 
and management decision-making.
Designed and adapted as reasonably practicable from the ISO 
31000:2018 Risk Management Guidelines, the Framework is 
aimed at establishing a robust risk management process across 
the Group and to ensure that all business risks are prudently 
identified, analysed and effectively managed.
Supporting this broader risk management framework is a 
system that facilitates internal controls design and operating 
effectiveness to manage key risks.
Key aspects of the Group’s overall risk management and 
internal controls system are selectively outlined below, where 
they provide assurance that the Framework is adequate and 
effective for the purposes of this Statement.
Mandate and Commitment
The Board has approved, via the RMSC, an ERM Framework 
which encapsulates the governance arrangements as well as 
assigns responsibility to relevant levels of management and 
operations.
The implementation of the Framework is ultimately the 
responsibility of the GCEO and members of the Sime Darby 
Group Management Committee.
Evidence of implementation can be seen in the appropriate 
risk management practices integrated into the relevant 
business processes.
These practices which assist in decision-making aimed at 
achieving the Group’s objectives are supplemented by a more 
formal and explicit risk management process.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS FRAMEWORK
Note:
1 Group Risk & Compliance reports to the GAC on matters related to Sime Darby’s Group Policies & Authorities (GPA), Group Procurement Policies & Authorities 
(GPPA) and Code of Business Conduct (COBC).
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
Board of Directors
Risk Owners/
Control Owners
Divisional Risk and
Compliance Managers
Group Corporate
Assurance
3rd Line Defence:
Internal Audit
2nd Line Defence:
Risk and Compliance
Group Risk
& Compliance1
Group Safety
& Sustainability
Risk 
Management & 
Sustainability 
Committee
Governance
& Audit 
Committee
Nomination & 
Remuneration 
Committee
Investment 
Committee GCEO
Divisional Managing Directors and 
Chief Financial Officers
1st Line Defence:
Operational
Group Management 
Committee
The diagram below provides an overview of the governance structure:
PG. 139


---- Page 142 ----
INTEGRATION OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
Integration of the formal ERM Framework into the wider management framework occurs wherever practicable. The Group has 
embedded risk assessment into key operational activities and decision making processes across the Group (refer to the table 
below).
Risk assessments are performed based on a pre-defined risk management process adapted from ISO 31000 guidelines as well as 
globally accepted risk management practices.
Risk Assessment Activities
Level/Context Assessment Management Involvement Frequency
Strategic Biennially Board Risk 
Appetite Setting
Set risk appetite, tolerance, 
limits and threshold
Biennially
Enterprise-wide (Division/
Business Units/Operating Units)
Quarterly Risk Profile 
Submission and Reporting
Update risks to reflect 
changes in rating, status of 
controls and action plans
Quarterly
Major Investments, CAPEX & 
Sales Tenders*
Risk Assessment on Major 
Business Proposals
Assess key risk exposure and 
controls required to manage 
them
As required
Note:
* Major Investments, CAPEX and Sales Tenders exceeding Management’s limits of authority based on the GPA.
As illustrated, a top-down review of enterprise level risks is conducted as part of the annual strategic planning update to ensure 
that the risk implication of any change in strategy is identified, assessed and documented. This is supplemented by quarterly risk 
updates and regular reviews of projects along with assessments of investment proposals and tenders where required. The outcome 
of these reviews is the identification of new risks and the reassessment of others and may also lead to the development of specific 
action plans. Where conditions significantly change during the year, changes to the strategy and risk implication may be necessary.
RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS
Communication & Consultation
Risk Identification
Risk Analysis
Risk Evaluation
Risk Treatment
Recording & Reporting
Monitoring & Review
Establish Context
Risk Assessment
RISK APPETITE
Risk appetite refers to the amount of risk an organisation is prepared to accept in pursuit of its strategic objectives. The Board, 
via the RMSC, determines the Group’s risk appetite and tolerance and ensures that it is communicated appropriately across the 
Group. The Group’s risk appetite is documented and formalised through risk appetite statement which articulates the Group’s 
risk strategy. The risk appetite statement was developed by GRC, in consultation with the RMSC and the Group Management 
Committee and was approved by the Board.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 140
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

---- Page 143 ----
GRC has also developed a risk appetite framework to guide the formulation and implementation of the Group’s risk appetite 
statement. This is shown in the following diagram:
Breaches of risk tolerance limits will be reported to the RMSC to facilitate necessary review of the effectiveness of both internal 
controls and mitigation actions; or a need to recalibrate the appetite or limits if they no longer reflect the Group’s actual risk 
appetite.
 For more details on the Group’s risk appetite statement, please refer to the Management Discussion & Analysis section on page 46 of this report.
CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Group Policies and Authorities (GPAs)
The Board has put in place the GPAs which act as a key pillar of the Group’s governance framework. It is a tool the Board uses 
to formally delegate functions and powers to the Management with specific oversight and supervisory functions. This enables 
the Board to facilitate a robust yet controlled environment encircling clear lines of responsibilities, accountability and authority 
limits that are aligned with the Group’s business operations. As the GPAs cover a wide range of areas, they also act as an ethical 
road map for the Group’s diverse businesses to navigate the intricacies of global business practices and cultures. The GPAs are 
reviewed annually whereby any new GPAs and/or enhancement to the current GPAs are approved by the Board prior to 
implementation. The Divisions develop further delegated authorities, with supporting policies and procedures based on the 
mandate and guidance provided by the GPAs. The GPAs also embeds Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) material 
matters in line with Sime Darby’s Sustainability Blueprint.
Upon 100% acquisition of UMW, the Group’s GPA has been rolled out to UMW Division. Harmonisation of Limits of Authority, 
amongst other internal controls, were prioritised and successfully aligned with management of UMW.
How it works
Division/Business Unit Level Enterprise Level
Risk appetite is developed in 
alignment with the strategic 
goals and objectives of the 
Group, as identified in the 
Strategy Blueprint; and refers 
to the amount of risk that the 
Group is willing to accept in 
pursuing its goals and 
objectives.
The risk appetite statement 
provides measurable 
guidelines demonstrating the 
Group’s risk tolerance levels.
Risk appetite statements are 
crafted at the Group Level 
and cascaded down to the 
Divisions and operating units.
Execution and monitoring of 
risk appetite occur within the 
risk management framework 
and through periodic risk 
assessments and monitoring 
processes.
Risk 
Identification
Risk
Assessment
Control
Assessment
Risk
Mitigation & 
Treatment
Monitoring & 
Review
Communication
& Engagement
1
2
3
4
5
6
Strategy Blueprint
Defines the Group’s strategic 
goals and objectives
Risk Appetite
Defines the level of risk that the 
Group is willing to take in pursuit of 
business goals
Risk Tolerance
Defines the boundaries of risk 
taking; outside of which we are 
not prepared to accept
RISK APPETITE FRAMEWORK
PG. 141


---- Page 144 ----
Code of Business Conduct (COBC)
In August 2023, the Group launched a new set of core values 
which clearly set out the expected behaviours for Directors 
and employees of the Group. These values have been reflected 
in the Group’s Business Principles and the COBC. The Group’s 
COBC also embeds the Group’s core values in creating a 
culture of ethical work environment.
A Compliance e-learning module with a declaration programme 
is in place with the aim to obtain confirmation that each 
Director and employee has read and agreed to comply with 
the provisions of the COBC.
 https://www.simedarby.com/sites/default/files/cobc_public_feb_2022_
final.pdf
Integrity, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
The Group implemented an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
framework and various efforts have progressed since 2018.
The Group also has in place an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
Policy as well as Anti Bribery Management System (ABMS) 
that covers 11 key areas guided by the requirements of the 
Adequate Procedure T.R.U.S.T Guidelines.
 The Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy may be accessed https://
www.simedarby.com/sites/default/files/anti-bribery_anti-corruption_
policy_feb_2022_finalwebsite.pdf
The Group also developed and implemented an application, 
‘yourTrust’, to automate the gifts, hospitality and donations 
registration process for all employees who give and receive 
any gifts, hospitality and donations from external parties. This 
application is made available on mobile as well as on web to 
provide convenience to employees.
GRC had formalised the appointment of Divisional Risk and 
Compliance Managers to assist GRC in risk and compliance 
matters including increasing the efficiency for the ongoing 
implementation and monitoring of compliance obligations (in 
particular, ABMS) throughout the Group’s operations.
In demonstrating top level commitment, an Anti-Bribery and 
Anti-Corruption Steering Committee (ABC Steering 
Committee) was established on 1 July 2020 chaired by the 
GCFO with members including the Group Secretary, Group 
Head – GRC and Division Managing Directors. Risk and 
Compliance Managers are now also included as invitees. 
Numerous ABC Steering Committee meetings were convened 
since the establishment to share updates on the progress of 
continuous efforts for improvement of the Group’s ABMS.
In FY2022, the Group had engaged with an external consultant 
to perform validation of the Group’s ABMS to determine the 
adequacy of internal controls. The validation focuses on 
documentation reviews and implementation efforts by the 
Group. In FY2023, it was independently validated that the 
Group’s ABMS is adequate and is of low risk with a strong 
anti-bribery and anti-corruption system in place.
Following the outcome of the validation exercise, GRC has 
continued to improve the Group’s ABMS plan, namely ABMS 
2.0. One of the critical path of improvement entailed 
integrating UMW’s existing ABMS into the Group’s ABMS 2.0.
One of the key areas under the T.R.U.S.T Guideline is on 
Conflict of Interest (COI). In line with the recent amendments 
by Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad Main Market Listing 
Requirements on the COI declaration for Directors and Key 
Senior Management, the Group has developed a COI 
Guidelines. This Guidelines was also validated by international 
lawyers to ensure compliance with regulations in countries 
that the Group has footprints. Alongside this Guidelines, a 
COI Guidelines execution process was developed to ensure 
compliance with the Bursa’s requirements.
 For further details on all other ABMS activities, please refer to  the RMSC 
Report on pages 131 to 136.
Whistleblowing
The Group’s Whistleblowing Charter & Framework (WCF) was 
enhanced to primarily be referenced to ISO 37002 with the 
objective to improve and promote an effective whistleblowing 
system. The WCF provides a structured process in managing 
whistleblowing cases. These enhancements are made to 
ensure that confidentiality is preserved at all times, protection 
to the whistleblower is afforded at organisational level and 
investigations are conducted transparently and impartially 
without compromising the standards of an effective 
whistleblowing management system.
More elaborated set of procedures are specified in the WCF 
and the policy on whistleblowing as set out in the GPA are 
available in the Group’s Enterprise Portal.
The Group’s whistleblowing mechanism and channels are 
managed by GRC, reporting directly to the Senior Independent 
Director to provide independence from Management. This is 
articulated in the WCF (as stated in the GPA), where 
whistleblowing can be reported either through emails, letters, 
calls or instant text messages.
A summary of all cases including trends and analysis are 
presented to the Board for notation twice a year.
Post-acquisition of UMW, the existing Whistleblowing channels 
and procedures have been fully integrated with the Group.
 https://www.simedarby.com/operating-responsibly/whistleblowing
ABMS
Areas
Bribery Risk
Assessment
Gifts & 
Hospitality
Top Level
Commitment
Due 
Diligence
Trainings
Conflict of 
Interest
Facilitation 
Payments
Whistleblowing
Donations & 
Sponsorships
Financial 
Controls
Non-
Financial 
Controls
Annual Report 2024
PG. 142
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

---- Page 145 ----
Group Procurement Policies and Authorities (GPPA)
The GPPA covers all types of purchases (capital expenditure, 
operating expenditure, trade) across the countries in which 
the Group operate. The GPPA states the key principles and 
procedures required in the procurement of goods and services 
within the Group. These key principles and procedures serve 
as guidelines in establishing the detailed procurement 
procedures at all Divisions.
Vendor Code of Business Conduct (VCOBC)
Vendors are expected to adhere to standards of behaviour 
aligned to promote a fair, honest and ethical business 
environment. The Group’s Vendor COBC provides a guide on 
these standards of behaviour when dealing with or on behalf 
of the Group.
Vendor Letter of Declaration (VLOD)
The VLOD was introduced as one of the Group’s initiatives to 
align the Group’s expectations with the behaviours of our 
suppliers and the principles contained in the VCOBC. The 
VLOD captures vendors’ formal affirmation to comply with the 
principles of the VCOBC, to refrain from involvement with any 
offence of bribery, corruption or fraud; and to refrain from 
engaging in bribery, corruption or fraud with the Group.
 https://www.simedarby.com/operating-responsibly/procurement-vendor-
governance
Regulatory Compliance Monitoring
The Group’s state of compliance with key regulatory 
requirements is continuously monitored to manage potential 
breaches and to detect incidents which may have a material 
effect on this Statement.
Post 100% acquisition of UMW, the Group’s monitoring 
mechanism has been rolled-out to UMW Division as well.
Enterprise Risk Management Framework
The Group has a formal enterprise risk management framework 
that has been approved by the RMSC. The framework 
encompasses supporting policies, standards and guidelines to 
guide risk assessment, evaluation and monitoring processes. 
Wherever appropriate, risk management practices are 
integrated into operating policies, procedures and guidelines.
Business Continuity
The Group has established a formal business continuity 
management (BCM) framework that describes the business 
continuity standard and guidelines. The Management is 
responsible to ensure that the Group is able to respond to and 
recover from significant unexpected events.
The work on BCM is an ongoing initiative to facilitate the 
development of robust policy, frameworks and plans to 
protect the interests of all stakeholders.
Financial Budgets
The Group’s Divisions prepare budgets on an annual basis.
The budgets are reviewed by Management prior to submission 
to the Board for approval. The Group Management Committee 
reviews the Division’s financial performance (actual against 
budget) and forecasts for the financial year on a regular basis. 
Additionally, the financial performance of the Group is 
reported to the Board on a quarterly basis.
COMMUNICATION AND REPORTING
Reporting to Shareholders/Stakeholders
External stakeholder relations and communication are given 
high priority in view of the types of risks faced by the Group.
As a multinational company headquartered in Malaysia, an 
effective external communications strategy is essential to 
protect the Group’s reputation.
The Group has established processes and procedures to 
ensure that quarterly and annual audited financial statements 
which cover the Group’s performance, are submitted to Bursa 
Securities for release to shareholders and other stakeholders 
on a timely basis.
All quarterly financial results are reviewed and approved by 
the Board prior to announcement.
The Group’s annual reports which contain the annual audited 
financial statements, together with the auditors’ and Directors’ 
reports are issued to the Group’s shareholders within the 
stipulated time prescribed under the MMLR of Bursa Securities.
MATERIAL JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATES
The disclosures in this Statement do not include the risk 
management and internal controls practices of the Group’s 
material joint ventures and associates. The Group’s interests 
in these entities are safeguarded through the appointment of 
members of the Group Management Committee to the 
respective joint venture and associate boards and in certain 
cases, the Management or operational committees of these 
entities.
REVIEW OF THE STATEMENT BY THE EXTERNAL AUDITORS
As required by Paragraph 15.23 of the MMLR of Bursa 
Securities, the External Auditors have reviewed this Statement 
on Risk Management and Internal Control. Their limited 
assurance review was performed in accordance with Audit and 
Assurance Practice Guide (AAPG) 3 issued by the Malaysian 
Institute of Accountants. AAPG 3 does not require the 
External Auditors to form an opinion on the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the risk management and internal controls 
systems of the Group.
CONCLUSION
For the financial year under review and up to the date of 
approval of this Statement, the Board is satisfied with the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s system of risk 
management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders’ 
investments and the Group’s assets. The Board has received 
reasonable assurance from the GCEO and the GCFO that the 
Group’s risk management and internal controls system, in all 
material aspects, are operating adequately and effectively.
This Statement is prepared in accordance with the Statement 
on Risk Management and Internal Control – Guidelines for 
Directors of Listed Issuers (Guidelines) issued on 31 December 
2012, which is in line with the requirements of Paragraph 
15.26 (b) of the MMLR of Bursa Securities and Principle B of 
the MCCG 2021 issued by Securities Commission Malaysia.
This Statement is made in accordance with a resolution of the 
Board dated 26 September 2024.
PG. 143


---- Page 146 ----
1. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS FROM CORPORATE PROPOSALS
 On 11 December 2023, the Group issued RM3 billion Sukuk Murabahah under an Islamic Commercial Papers and Islamic 
Medium Term Notes (IMTN) programme. RM967 million of this issuance was redeemed during the financial year ended 
30  June 2024.
Issuance Date
Outstanding Nominal 
Value as at 30 June 2024Maturity Date Proceeds Utilisation
11 December 2023 RM2,033 million 11 December 2024 To part finance the acquisition 
of UMW Holdings Berhad
2. AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES
 Total fees for statutory audits and total fees for non-audit services (including assurance-related services) for work 
performed during the financial year are as follows:
Group 
(RM million)
Company
(RM million)
Fees for statutory audits
– PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT and member firms of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited
28 1
– Other audit firms 2 –
30 1
Fees for non-audit services (including assurance related services)
– PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT and member firms of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited
7 1
3. MATERIAL CONTRACTS INVOLVING INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
 The Company had, on 24 August 2023 through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sime Darby Enterprise Sdn Bhd (SDESB), 
entered into a conditional share purchase agreement (SPA) with Permodalan Nasional Berhad and AmanahRaya Trustees 
Berhad to acquire 714,813,100 ordinary shares, representing approximately 61.18% equity interest in UMW Holdings 
Berhad (UMW) for a total cash consideration of RM3,574,065,500 (Acquisition). The Acquisition was completed on 
13  December 2023.
 On 27 December 2023, SDESB offered to acquire all the remaining ordinary shares in UMW not already held by SDESB and 
Sime Darby for a cash consideration of RM5.00 per ordinary share pursuant to an unconditional mandatory general offer 
(MGO) in accordance with subsection 222(1) of the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007. The MGO was completed on 
21  March 2024 and UMW has since become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Sime Darby.
 Further details of the SPA and the above acquisition can be found in the Company’s announcement made to Bursa Malaysia 
Securities Berhad (Bursa Securities) on 24 August 2023.
 Save for the above, there were no material contracts entered into by the Company and/or its subsidiaries involving 
interests of Directors and major shareholders.
4. CONTRACTS RELATING TO LOANS
 There were no contracts relating to loans by the Company and/or its subsidiaries involving interests of Directors and major 
shareholders during the financial year.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 144
Sime Darby Berhad
ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION

---- Page 147 ----
5. RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION OF A REVENUE OR TRADING NATURE
 At the Seventeenth Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 16 November 2023, the Company obtained a general mandate 
from its shareholders for recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature, to be entered into by the 
Company and/or its subsidiaries set out in the Circular to Shareholders dated 18 October 2023 (RRPT Mandate). The RRPT 
Mandate is valid until the conclusion of the forthcoming Eighteenth AGM of the Company to be held on 14  November 
2024.
 Pursuant to Paragraph 10.09(2)(b) and Paragraph 3.1.5 of Practice Note 12 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of 
Bursa Securities, details of the recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature entered into during the 
financial year ended 30 June 2024 were as follows:
No.
Transacting 
companies in our 
Group
Transacting 
Party Nature of Transactions Related Party
Value of 
Transaction
RM million
Transactions with SD Guthrie Berhad (SD Guthrie) (formerly known as Sime Darby Plantation Berhad) and its subsidiaries
1. Kumpulan Sime 
Darby Berhad
SD Guthrie • Leaseback of the 
Malaysia Vision Valley 
Land from KSDB to SD 
Guthrie for the SD 
Guthrie Group to carry 
out the planting/
replanting, maintenance 
of oil palm and the 
harvesting and selling of 
fresh fruit bunches#
AmanahRaya 
Trustees Berhad 
– Amanah Saham 
Bumiputera 
(ASB)1
11
2. Sime Darby Malaysia 
Berhad
SD Guthrie • Grant of a non-exclusive, 
non-assignable and 
non-transferable licence 
to use the “SIME 
DARBY” mark, Sime 
Darby Shield Device 
Logo, Shield Device 
Logo, Sime Darby in 
Chinese Characters, the 
“DEVELOPING 
SUSTAINABLE FUTURES” 
tagline and the 
“DELIVERING 
SUSTAINABLE FUTURES” 
tagline worldwide, solely 
in the course of or in 
connection with SD 
Guthrie’s business
2
3. Sime Darby Rent-A-
Car Sdn Bhd
SD Guthrie and 
its subsidiaries
• Car rental service income 1
4. Sime Darby Auto 
ConneXion Sdn Bhd
SD Guthrie and 
its subsidiaries
• Sale of motor vehicles, 
parts and services
2
5. • Sime Darby 
Industrial Sdn 
Bhd
• Hastings Deering 
(PNG) Limited
• Hastings Deering 
(Solomon 
Islands) Limited
SD Guthrie and 
its subsidiaries
• Sale of heavy equipment 
and spare parts and 
provision of maintenance 
services
19
Total 35
PG. 145


---- Page 148 ----
No.
Transacting 
companies in our 
Group
Transacting 
Party Nature of Transactions Related Party
Value of 
Transaction
RM million
Others
1. Inokom Corporation 
Sdn Bhd (Inokom)
Mazda Malaysia 
Sdn Bhd (Mazda 
Malaysia)
• Rental income received 
from Mazda Malaysia^
• Contract manufacturing 
assembly fee received 
from Mazda Malaysia
Bermaz Auto 
Berhad (Bermaz)2
126
Bermaz Motor 
Trading  
Sdn Bhd
• Rental income received 
from Bermaz Motors 
Trading Sdn Bhd*
2
Kia Malaysia 
Sdn Bhd  
(Kia Malaysia)
• Contract manufacturing 
assembly fees received 
from Kia Malaysia
36
Dinamikjaya 
Motors Sdn Bhd 
(Dinamikjaya 
Motors)
• Rental income received 
from Dinamikjaya 
Motors@
1
Total 165
Grand Total 200
Notes:
1 ASB is a Major Shareholder of Sime Darby, holding 36.33% direct equity interest in Sime Darby as at 30 June 2024. ASB is also a Major Shareholder 
of SD Guthrie, holding 45.69% direct equity interest in SD Guthrie as at 30 June 2024.
2 Bermaz is a Major Shareholder of Inokom, holding 29.00% direct equity interest in Inokom and an indirect Major Shareholder of Mazda Malaysia, 
holding an effective interest of 30.00% through Bermaz Motor Sdn Bhd (Bermaz Motor), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Bermaz. Bermaz Motor 
Trading is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Bermaz through Bermaz Motor, while Dinamikjaya Motors is a 65%-owned subsidiary of Bermaz. 
Bermaz is also a Major Shareholder of Kia Malaysia, holding 33.33% equity interest in Kia Malaysia.
^ Lands (612,837 sq. ft.) held under H.S. (D) 4103, PT No 439 and H.S. (D) 4104, PT No 440, Mukim Padang Meha, Kulim, Kedah bearing postal 
address at Lot 38, Mukim Padang Meha, 09400 Padang Serai, Kulim, Kedah. The duration of the rental agreements are seven years (ending December 
2028) and 24 months (ending April 2026) respectively. The payment is made on a monthly basis.
* Designated areas (33,777 sq. ft.) at Inokom’s property at Lot 38, Mukim Padang Meha, 09400 Padang Serai, Kulim, Kedah. The duration of the rental 
is four years (ending September 2028). The payment is made on a monthly basis.
@ Designated areas (71,827 sq. ft.) at Inokom’s property at Lot 38, Mukim Padang Meha, 09400 Padang Serai, Kulim, Kedah. The duration of the rental 
is three years (ending May 2025) and extended for another 3 years (ending May 2028). The payment is made on a monthly basis.
# Location : The Malaysia Vision Valley Land in Labu, Negeri Sembilan.
 Term : Three years ending 29 June 2026.
 Rental Formula :  The preceding month’s average price of crude palm oil (CPO) per metric tonne for Malaysia x total planted area (in hectares)/12. 
Average price of CPO refers to average Malaysian Palm Oil Board delivered CPO price.
 Payment Term : Monthly basis on or before the seventh (7 th) day of each calendar month.
 The Company proposes to seek a renewal of the RRPT Mandate for recurrent related party transactions involving the 
interest of Bermaz at its forthcoming Eighteenth AGM. The renewal of the existing RRPT Mandate if approved by the 
shareholders, will be valid until the conclusion of the Company’s next AGM.
 The renewal of the RRPT Mandate will not be sought for recurrent related party transactions involving the interest ASB as 
the estimated value of transaction with SD  Guthrie Group is below the Sime Darby Group’s threshold which necessitates a 
shareholders’ mandate.
 Details of the RRPT Mandate being sought are provided in the Circular to Shareholders dated 16 October 2024.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 146
Sime Darby Berhad
ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION

---- Page 149 ----
The Directors are responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair 
presentation of the annual financial statements of Sime Darby Berhad. 
As  required by the Companies Act, 2016 (Act) and the Main Market Listing 
Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, the financial statements 
for the financial year ended 30 June 2024, as presented on pages 160 to 
286, have been prepared in accordance with the Malaysian Financial 
Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the 
requirements of the Act.
The Directors consider that in the course of the preparation of the financial statements, the Group and the Company have used 
the appropriate accounting policies which are consistently applied and supported by reasonable and prudent judgements and 
estimates. The Directors are satisfied that the information contained in the financial statements give a true and fair view of the 
financial position of the Group and of the Company at the end of the financial year and the financial performance of the Group 
and the Company for the financial year then ended. 
The Directors have responsibility for ensuring that proper accounting records are kept. The accounting records should disclose 
with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Group and of the Company so as to enable the Directors to ensure that 
the financial statements comply with the Act. The Directors have the general responsibility for taking such steps as are 
reasonably available to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and the Company and to detect and prevent fraud and other 
irregularities.
This statement is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors dated 26 September 2024.
BOARD APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The annual financial statements for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 are set out on pages 160 to 286. The preparation 
thereof was supervised by the Group Chief Financial Officer and approved by the Board of Directors on 26 September 2024.
PG. 147
STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY BY  
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

---- Page 150 ----
REPORTS AND  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED
30 JUNE 2024
149 Directors’ Report
153 Statement by Directors
153 Statutory Declaration
154 Independent Auditors’ Report
160 Statements of Profit or Loss
161 Statements of Comprehensive Income
162 Statements of Financial Position
164 Statements of Changes in Equity
167 Statements of Cash Flows
171 Notes to the Financial Statements
Annual Report 2024
PG. 148
Sime Darby Berhad

---- Page 151 ----
The Directors have the pleasure of presenting the Directors’ Report (“Report”) together with the audited financial statements 
of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2024.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is principally an investment holding company. There has been no significant change in the principal activity of the 
Company during the financial year. By way of relief order dated 26 July 2024 granted by the Companies Commission of Malaysia, 
the principal activities of subsidiaries as required under Section 253(2) of the Malaysian Companies Act 2016 have not been 
disclosed in this Report. The principal activities and details of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are disclosed in Note 
51 to the financial statements and the said information is deemed incorporated herein by such reference and shall form part 
hereof.
On 13 December 2023, Sime Darby Enterprise Sdn Bhd (“SDE”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, completed 
the acquisition of an approximately 61.2% equity interest in UMW Holdings Berhad (“UMW”). Subsequently, SDE increased its 
equity interest in UMW and on 21 March 2024, UMW became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. SDE and its 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are reported as a new business segment (UMW). The principal activities of companies 
under the UMW segment are disclosed in Note 51 to the financial statements. The UMW Komatsu Heavy Equipment Sdn Bhd 
(“UKHE”) group (part of the UMW segment), which is involved in the business of importation and distribution of heavy 
equipment under the Komatsu brand, has been classified as discontinuing operations in view of its expected disposal in the 
financial year ending 30 June 2025.
On 28 December 2023, the Group completed the disposal of its entire 50% equity interest in Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care 
Sdn Bhd (“RSDH”). As this transaction resulted in the Group’s exit from the Healthcare business, the results and cash flows of 
the Healthcare segment up to the completion date have been presented as discontinued operations in the financial statements 
of the Group.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
The results of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 were as follows:
Group
RM million
Company
RM million
Profit before interest and tax 2,758 965
Finance income 142 2
Finance costs (719) (3)
Profit before tax 2,181 964
Taxation (698) (–)1
Profit for the financial year from continuing operations 1,483 964
Profit for the financial year from discontinuing/discontinued operations 2,046 –
Profit for the financial year 3,529 964
Profit/(Loss) for the financial year attributable to owners of:
– the Company
– from continuing operations 1,258 964
– from discontinuing/discontinued operations 2,048 –
3,306 964
– non-controlling interests
– from continuing operations 186 –
– from discontinuing operations (2) –
– perpetual sukuk
– from continuing operations 39 –
Profit for the financial year 3,529 964
1 Less than RM1 million
PG. 149
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

---- Page 152 ----
DIVIDENDS
Since the end of the previous financial year, the Company had paid the following dividends:
RM million
a. In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2023, a second interim dividend of 10.0 sen per share 
was paid on 29 September 2023; and 682
b. In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2024, a first interim dividend of 3.0 sen per share was 
paid on 27 March 2024204
886
The Board of Directors had on 27 August 2024 declared a second interim dividend of 10.0 sen per ordinary share amounting to 
RM682 million in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2024. The dividend is proposed to be payable on 30 September 
2024 to shareholders whose names appears in the record of depositors as at the close of business on 10 September 2024.
RESERVES AND PROVISIONS
All material transfers to or from reserves and provisions during the financial year are shown in the financial statements.
SHARE CAPITAL AND DEBENTURES
There were no issuance of shares or debentures by the Company during the financial year.
DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office since the end of the previous financial year up to the date of the Report are as follows:
Tan Sri Samsudin Osman
Thayaparan Sangarapillai
Tan Sri Ahmad Badri Mohd Zahir
Tan Sri Muhammad Shahrul Ikram Yaakob
Mohamad Idros Mosin
Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence
Moy Pui Yee
Dato’ Dr Nirmala Menon
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson
Scott William Cameron
Edree Ahmad (Alternate Director to Mohamad Idros Mosin)
Tengku Dato’ Sri Azmil Zahruddin Raja Abdul Aziz  (Appointed on 1 August 2023)
Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir  (Appointed on 8 March 2024)
Datuk Wan Selamah Wan Sulaiman  (Demised on 24 July 2023)
LIST OF DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
By way of relief order dated 26 July 2024 granted by the Companies Commission of Malaysia, the names of Directors of 
subsidiaries as required under Section 253(2) of the Malaysian Companies Act 2016 have not been disclosed in this Report. Their 
names are set out in the respective subsidiaries’ Directors’ Report or financial statements and the said information is deemed 
incorporated herein by such reference and shall form part hereof.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 150
Sime Darby Berhad
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
 

---- Page 153 ----
DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
Total Directors’ remuneration incurred by the Group and the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 were RM11 
million (2023: RM10 million) and RM4 million (2023: RM4 million) respectively. In addition, the estimated monetary value of 
benefits-in-kind provided to Directors by the Group during the financial year amounted to RM0.06 million (2023: RM0.02 
million). Further details are disclosed in Note 8 to the financial statements.
DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS
During and at the end of the financial year, no arrangements subsisted to which the Company is a party, with the object or 
objects of enabling Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the 
Company or any other body corporate.
Since the end of the previous financial year, no Director has received or become entitled to receive a benefit (other than benefits 
disclosed as Directors’ remuneration in Note 8 to the financial statements) by reason of a contract made by the Company or a 
related corporation with the Director or with a firm of which he or she is a member, or with a company in which he or she has 
a substantial financial interest except for any benefits which may be deemed to have arisen from the transactions disclosed in 
Note 8 to the financial statements.
The Directors and officers of the Group and of the Company are covered by Directors and Officers liability insurance for any 
liability incurred in the discharge of their duties, provided that they have not acted fraudulently or dishonestly or derived any 
personal profit or advantage. The insurance premium paid during the financial year amounted to RM0.7 million, which covers 
the period from December 2023 to February 2025 (2023: RM0.6 million for the period from December 2022 to November 2023).
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES
According to the Register of Directors’ Shareholdings, the interest of Directors in office at the end of the financial year in shares 
or debentures of the Company were as follows:
As at
1 July 2023 Addition
As at
30 June 2024
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson 1,215,700 – 1,215,700
Scott William Cameron 28,700 – 28,700
STATUTORY INFORMATION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
a. Before the financial statements of the Group and of the Company were prepared, the Directors took reasonable steps:
i. to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the making of provision 
for doubtful debts, and satisfied themselves that all known bad debts had been written off and adequate provision 
had been made for doubtful debts; and
ii. to ensure that any current assets, which were unlikely to be realised in the ordinary course of business including the 
values of current assets as shown in the accounting records of the Group and of the Company, had been written down 
to an amount which the current assets might be expected so to realise.
b. At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances:
i. which would render the amount written off for bad debts or the amount of provision for doubtful debts in the 
financial statements of the Group and of the Company inadequate to any substantial extent; or
ii. which would render the values attributed to current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company misleading; or
iii. which have arisen which would render adherence to the existing method of valuation of assets or liabilities of the 
Group and of the Company misleading or inappropriate.
PG. 151


---- Page 154 ----
STATUTORY INFORMATION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
c. As at the date of this Report:
i. there are no charges on the assets of the Group and of the Company which have arisen since the end of the financial 
year which secures the liabilities of any other person; and
ii. there are no material contingent liabilities in the Group and in the Company which have arisen since the end of the 
financial year.
d. No contingent or other liability of any company in the Group has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable 
within the period of twelve months after the end of the financial year which, in the opinion of the Directors, will or may 
affect the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to meet their obligations when they fall due.
e. At the date of this Report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt with in this Report or the 
financial statements of the Group and of the Company which would render any amount stated in the respective financial 
statements misleading.
f. In the opinion of the Directors:
i. the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company during the financial year were not substantially 
affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature other than as disclosed in the financial 
statements; and
ii. there has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this Report any item, 
transaction or event of a material and unusual nature that is likely to affect substantially the results of the operations 
of the Group and of the Company for the financial year in which this Report is made.
AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
Total fees for statutory audits provided by the auditors amounted to RM30 million and RM1 million (2023: RM23 million and 
RM1 million) for the Group and the Company respectively, while total fees for assurance related and non-audit services 
amounted to RM7 million and RM1 million (2023: RM6 million and less than RM1 million) for the Group and the Company 
respectively.
Further details of auditors’ remuneration are set out in Note 9 to the financial statements.
AUDITORS
The auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146), have expressed their willingness to accept re-
appointment as auditors.
This Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 26 September 2024.
Signed on behalf of the Board of Directors:
 
Tan Sri Samsudin Osman  Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson
Chairman Executive Director/Group Chief Executive Officer
26 September 2024
Annual Report 2024
PG. 152
Sime Darby Berhad
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
 

---- Page 155 ----
We, Tan Sri Samsudin Osman and Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson, two of the Directors of Sime Darby Berhad, do hereby state that, 
in the opinion of the Directors, the financial statements set out on pages 160 to 286 are drawn up, in accordance with the 
Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies 
Act 2016, so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 30 June 2024 and 
of the financial performance of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended on that date.
Signed on behalf of the Board of Directors in accordance with a resolution of the Directors dated 26 September 2024.
 
Tan Sri Samsudin Osman  Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson
Chairman Executive Director/Group Chief Executive Officer
26 September 2024
I, Muhammad Noor bin Abd Aziz @ Hashim, the officer primarily responsible for the financial management of Sime Darby 
Berhad, do solemnly and sincerely declare that the financial statements set out on pages 160 to 286 are, to the best of my 
knowledge and belief, correct, and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue 
of the provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1960.
Muhammad Noor bin Abd Aziz @ Hashim
(MIA No. 39410)
Group Chief Financial Officer
Subscribed and solemnly declared by the abovenamed Muhammad Noor bin Abd Aziz @ Hashim, at Petaling Jaya, Selangor, 
Malaysia on 26 September 2024.
Before me,
Shahrudin bin Esa
Commissioner for Oaths (No. B520)
Petaling Jaya
Selangor
PG. 153
STATUTORY DECL ARATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016
STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS
PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(2) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016

---- Page 156 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our opinion
In our opinion, the financial statements of Sime Darby Berhad (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) give a true and 
fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 30 June 2024, and of their financial performance and 
their cash flows for the financial year then ended in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International 
Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.
What we have audited
We have audited the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, which comprise the statements of financial position 
as at 30 June 2024 of the Group and of the Company, and the statements of profit or loss, statements of comprehensive income, 
statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then 
ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policies, as set out on pages 160 to 286.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing. 
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial 
statements” section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence and other ethical responsibilities
We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics, Conduct and 
Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“By-Laws”) and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ 
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (“IESBA Code”), and 
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code.
Our audit approach
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company. In particular, we considered where the Directors made subjective judgements; for 
example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are 
inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including 
among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due 
to fraud.
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the financial 
statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group and of the Company, the accounting processes and 
controls, and the industry in which the Group and the Company operate.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 154
Sime Darby Berhad
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF SIME DARBY BERHAD
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Registration No. 200601032645 (752404-U)

---- Page 157 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year. These matters were addressed in the context of our 
audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do 
not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Significant acquisitions during the financial year
a. Acquisition of UMW Holdings Berhad group 
(“UMW group”)
 On 13 December 2023, the Group completed the 
acquisition of an approximately 61.2% equity 
interest in UMW Holdings Berhad (“UMW”) from 
Permodalan Nasional Berhad and Amanahraya 
Trustees Berhad for a purchase consideration of 
RM3,574 million. Based on the requirements of 
MFRS 3 “Business Combinations”, management 
had assessed the acquisition of the UMW to be a 
business combination.
 On 21 March 2024, the Group had completed the 
compulsory acquisition of all the remaining UMW 
shares. Following this, UMW is an indirect wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Group. The purchase 
consideration paid inclusive of transaction costs 
amounted to RM2,274 million.
b. Acquisition of Cavpower
 On 1 November 2024, the Group completed the 
acquisition of the entire equity interest in Kuxton 
Pty Limited and Kagera Pty Limited and its 
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Cavpower 
group”) for a purchase consideration of AUD535 
million (RM1,615 million). Based on the  
requirements of MFRS 3 “Business Combinations”, 
management had assessed the acquisition of the 
Cavpower group to be a business combination.
 The fair value of net assets acquired on the date of 
acquisition was assessed via a PPA exercise.
 We focused on the above as assumptions made in 
determining the fair value of the identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed are inherently 
uncertain, requires significant judgement and are 
sensitive to change.
• We obtained management’s assessment of whether the 
acquisition met the definition of a business combination in 
accordance with the requirements of MFRS 3 “Business 
Combinations”.
• We obtained the purchase price allocation (“PPA”) report 
prepared by an external party for the acquisitions and assessed 
the independence, objectivity and competence of 
management’s expert by considering their professional 
background, reputation and experience in a similar industry.
• We were assisted by our valuation experts to perform the 
following procedures:
– to review the PPA report prepared by an external party;
– to assess appropriateness of the methodology adopted in 
the PPA assessment on the acquisitions to ensure 
compliance with MFRS 13 “Fair Value Measurement”;
– to discuss with management and external party on the key 
assumptions underlying the cash flow projections used in 
the PPA report;
– to assess the appropriateness of identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date by 
reading the clauses set out in the respective agreements; 
and
– to assess the basis for determining the fair values of 
identifiable assets and liabilities assumed at the date of 
acquisition and appropriateness of the relevant discount 
rate used.
• We checked the purchase consideration to the sale and 
purchase agreement.
• We checked the calculation of goodwill arising from the 
acquisitions, being the difference between the total purchase 
consideration and the fair values of net identifiable assets 
acquired.
PG. 155


---- Page 158 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matters (continued)
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Significant acquisitions during the financial year 
(continued)
 Refer to Note 3(a)(i) Material Accounting Policies 
– Basis of Consolidation – Subsidiaries, Note 4(e) 
Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgement in 
Applying Accounting Policies – Recognition of fair 
value of net assets, including intangible assets 
arising from acquisitions, as well as Note 45(a) 
Significant changes in the composition of the 
Group - Acquisition of Subsidiaries and Note 45(b) 
Acquisition of Additional Interest in Subsidiaries in 
the notes to the financial statements.
• We checked the appropriateness of disclosures in the financial 
statements.
Based on the procedures performed above, we did not identify 
any material exceptions.
Recoverability of indefinite useful life intangible assets’ 
carrying amounts
As at 30 June 2024, SDB Group’s carrying amount of 
goodwill and distribution/dealership rights amounted to 
RM1,417 million and RM1,299 million, respectively.
Based on assessments performed, impairment losses of 
RM57 million and RM2 million were recognised for 
goodwill and distribution/dealership rights respectively, 
arising mainly from Australia Motors. The carrying 
amounts of the remaining goodwill and distribution/
dealership rights are recoverable.
We focused on the above as the assumptions made by 
the Group in determining the recoverable amounts are 
inherently uncertain and requires significant judgement.
Refer to Notes 3(g) and 3(l)(i) Material Accounting Policies 
– Intangible Assets and Impairment – Non-Financial 
Assets, Note 4(a) Critical Accounting Estimates and 
Judgement in Applying Accounting Policies – Impairment 
of Non-Financial Assets and Note 24 Intangible Assets – 
Group in the notes to the financial statements.
• We assessed the appropriateness of the methodology adopted 
by management for impairment assessments in accordance 
with MFRS 136 “Impairment of Assets”.
• We evaluated the reasonableness of key assumptions used by 
management in approved cash flow projections by comparing 
revenue growth rates, EBITDA growth rates and terminal growth 
rates to historical results and industry data, where available.
• We discussed with management assumptions underlying the 
cash flow projections.
• We assessed the reliability of the approved budgets by 
comparing the previous years’ approved budgets against past 
trends of actual results.
• We involved our valuation expert to assess discount rates 
used in determining the recoverable amounts of CGUs.
• We checked the appropriateness of sensitivity analysis 
performed by management, including disclosures, on 
reasonable possible changes in key assumptions and the 
corresponding effect on the recoverable amounts.
• We checked the appropriateness of disclosures in the financial 
statements.
Based on the procedures performed above, we did not identify 
any material exceptions.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 156
Sime Darby Berhad
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF SIME DARBY BERHAD
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Registration No. 200601032645 (752404-U)

---- Page 159 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matters (continued)
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matters
Provision for warranties
The Group recognises provision for liabilities associated 
with the warranties provided on certain products. This 
requires an estimation of the expenditure required to 
settle the present obligation at the reporting date. In 
determining the provision, the Group has made 
assumptions in relation to the expected cost to repair 
and/or replace the products and the expected timing of 
those costs. As at 30 June 2024, the provision for 
warranty amounted to RM504 million.
Provision is recognised on product warranty claims for 
the sale of machinery, vehicles and other products 
where the Group has undertaken to repair or replace 
items that fail to comply satisfactorily with agreed-upon 
specifications. The provision was estimated based on 
historical claims experience, as well as recent trends 
which are indicative of future claims. The estimation 
involves assumptions regarding the timing and cost of 
repairs or replacements, utilising historical claims data 
and applying a discount rate to present value the future 
warranty obligations.
The assumptions used in determining the provision for 
warranty involves significant management judgements 
and estimates. Accordingly, we consider this to be an 
area of audit focus.
Refer to Notes 3(m) Material Accounting Policies – 
Provisions, Note 4(f) – Provision for Warranties and 
Note 44 – Provisions – Group.
• We obtained an understanding over the warranty estimation 
process.
• We assessed and evaluated the underlying assumptions used 
by the management, such as actual rate of return, failure rate 
and claims histories, as inputs to the provision computations 
and tested their plausibility using historical data for 
comparable items.
• On a sample basis, we tested the validity of the historical data 
by tracing to supporting documents such as actual claims 
report.
• We recalculated the mathematical accuracy of the provision 
workings.
• We evaluated the outcome of prior period assessment of 
provision for warranties to assess the effectiveness of 
management’s estimation process.
• We checked the appropriateness of disclosures in the financial 
statements.
Based on the procedures performed above, we did not identify 
any material exceptions.
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to report for the Company.
PG. 157


---- Page 160 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Information other than the financial statements and auditors’ report thereon
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Statement on Risk 
Management and Internal Control, Directors’ Report, Corporate Governance Overview Statement, Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee Report, Governance & Audit Committee Report, Risk Management & Sustainability Committee Report, Statement of 
Responsibility by the Board of Directors and other sections of the 2024 Sime Darby Annual Report, which we obtained prior to 
the date of this auditor’s report, and From The Desk of Group Chief Executive Officer and Properties of the Group, which is 
expected to be made available to us after that date. Other information does not include the financial statements of the Group 
and of the Company and our auditors’ report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not 
and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements of 
the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditors’ report, 
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial statements
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting 
Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. The Directors are also responsible for such internal 
control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the 
Company that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s 
and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing, we 
exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
(a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
(b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and of the 
Company’s internal control.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 158
Sime Darby Berhad
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF SIME DARBY BERHAD
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Registration No. 200601032645 (752404-U)

---- Page 161 ----
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (continued)
(c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Directors.
(d) Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Group’s or on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the financial statements of the Group 
and of the Company or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group or the 
Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
(e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, 
including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
(f) Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within 
the Group to express an opinion on the financial statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on 
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of 
the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, we report that the subsidiaries of which we have 
not acted as auditors, are disclosed in Note 51 to the financial statements.
OTHER MATTERS
This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act 
2016 in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.
 
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS PLT IRVIN GEORGE LUIS MENEZES
LLP0014401-LCA & AF 1146  02932/06/2026 J
Chartered Accountants Chartered Accountant
Kuala Lumpur
26 September 2024
PG. 159


---- Page 162 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Note
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Continuing operations
Revenue 6 67,132 48,288 1,026 987
Operating expenses 7 (65,191) (46,868) (61) (66)
Other operating income 10 450 413 – –
Impairment of financial assets (net) 11 (22) (27) – –
Other gains and losses 12 129 214 – –
Operating profit 2,498 2,020 965 921
Share of results of joint ventures 13 17 12 – –
Share of results of associates 14 243 52 – –
Profit before interest and tax 2,758 2,084 965 921
Finance income 15 142 70 2 –1
Finance costs 16 (719) (333) (3) (–)1
Profit before tax 2,181 1,821 964 921
Taxation 17 (698) (484) (–)1 (–)1
Profit for the financial year from continuing operations 1,483 1,337 964 921
Discontinuing/Discontinued operations
Profit for the financial year from discontinuing/discontinued 
operations 18 2,046 175 – –
Profit for the financial year 3,529 1,512 964 921
Profit/(Loss) for the financial year attributable to owners of:
– the Company
– from continuing operations 1,258 1,283 964 921
– from discontinuing/discontinued operations 2,048 175 – –
3,306 1,458 964 921
– non-controlling interests
– from continuing operations 186 54 – –
– from discontinuing operations (2) – – –
– perpetual sukuk
– from continuing operations 39 – – –
3,529 1,512 964 921
Sen Sen
Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners 
of the Company:
– from continuing operations 18.5 18.8
– from discontinuing/discontinued operations 30.0 2.6
48.5 21.4
1 Less than RM1 million.
The weighted average number of ordinary shares used to calculate the basic earnings per share was 6,816 million (2023: 6,813 million).
The diluted earnings per share of the Group is equal to the basic earnings per share as the Group does not have any material 
potential dilutive ordinary shares in issue.
The notes on pages 171 to 286 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 160
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024

---- Page 163 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Note
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Profit for the financial year 3,529 1,512 964 921
Other comprehensive income/(loss):
Continuing operations
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Currency translation differences 36 290 – –
Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and 
associates 10 10 – –
Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges (9) (11) – –
Taxation 3 2 – –
40 291 – –
Reclassified to profit or loss:
– currency translation differences on repayment of net 
investments (45) (29) – –
Reclassification of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges 
to inventories 17 14 – –
Taxation (5) (3) – –
7 273 – –
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or 
loss
Actuarial loss on defined benefit pension plans (–)1 (8) – –
(–)1 (8) – –
Other comprehensive income from continuing operations 7 265 – –
Other comprehensive loss from discontinuing/discontinued 
operations 18 (1) (91) – –
Total other comprehensive income 20 6 174 – –
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 3,535 1,686 964 921
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial year 
attributable to owners of:
– the Company
– from continuing operations 1,285 1,549 964 921
– from discontinuing/discontinued operations 2,047 84 – –
3,332 1,633 964 921
– non-controlling interests
– from continuing operations 166 53 – –
– from discontinuing operations (2) – – –
– perpetual sukuk
– from continuing operations 39 – – –
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 3,535 1,686 964 921
1 Less than RM1 million.
The notes on pages 171 to 286 form an integral part of these financial statements.
PG. 161
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024

---- Page 164 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Note
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment 21 12,542 7,990 – –
Right-of-use assets 22 3,372 2,669 1 –
Investment properties 23 638 258 – –
Intangible assets 24 3,387 2,306 – –
Subsidiaries 25 – – 9,625 8,887
Joint ventures 13 176 828 – –
Associates 14 3,056 347 – –
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 27 73 66 – –
Deferred tax assets 28 892 648 – –
Derivative assets 29 – 5 – –
Receivables and other assets 30 206 296 – –
Inventories 31 128 – – –
24,470 15,413 9,626 8,887
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories 31 14,739 11,454 – –
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 27 65 78 – –
Receivables and other assets 30 8,210 5,871 –1 –1
Contract assets 32 95 59 – –
Amounts due from subsidiaries 26 – – 504 1,128
Prepayments 33 707 920 – –
Tax recoverable 117 129 – –1
Derivative assets 29 27 27 – –
Bank balances, deposits and cash 34 2,677 3,086 50 85
26,637 21,624 554 1,213
Disposal groups and assets held for sale 35 715 3 – –
TOTAL ASSETS 51,822 37,040 10,180 10,100
1 Less than RM1 million.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 162
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT 30 JUNE 2024

---- Page 165 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Note
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
EQUITY
Share capital 36 9,330 9,330 9,330 9,330
Reserves 37 1,156 1,119 – –
Retained profits 8,880 6,477 846 768
Attributable to owners of the company 19,366 16,926 10,176 10,098
Non-controlling interests 38 2,811 357 – –
Perpetual sukuk 39 1,181 – – –
TOTAL EQUITY 23,358 17,283 10,176 10,098
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Borrowings 40 4,702 2,246 – –
Lease liabilities 41 2,231 2,162 1 –
Derivative liabilities 29 –1 – – –
Payables and other liabilities 42 73 74 – –
Contract liabilities 32 260 198 – –
Government grants 43 133 4 – –
Provisions 44 260 31 – –
Deferred tax liabilities 28 977 448 – –
8,636 5,163 1 –
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Borrowings 40 5,738 3,611 – –
Lease liabilities 41 540 435 –1 –
Derivative liabilities 29 12 27 – –
Payables and other liabilities 42 10,346 7,384 3 2
Contract liabilities 32 2,143 2,567 – –
Provisions 44 498 427 – –
Tax payable 371 143 – –
19,648 14,594 3 2
Liabilities associated with disposal groups 35 180 – – –
TOTAL LIABILITIES 28,464 19,757 4 2
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 51,822 37,040 10,180 10,100
1 Less than RM1 million.
The notes on pages 171 to 286 form an integral part of these financial statements.
PG. 163


---- Page 166 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Group
2024 Note
Share
capital Reserves1
Retained
profits
Attributable
to owners
of the
Company
Non-
controlling
interests
Perpetual
sukuk
Total
equity
At 1 July 2023 9,330 1,119 6,477 16,926 357 – 17,283
Profit for the financial year – – 3,306 3,306 184 39 3,529
Other comprehensive 
income/(loss) for the 
financial year20 – 27 (1) 26 (20) – 6
Total comprehensive income 
for the financial year – 27 3,305 3,332 164 39 3,535
Transfer between reserves2 – 10 (10) – – – –
Acquisition of non-wholly 
owned subsidiaries – – – – 4,698 1,177 5,875
Transactions with owners:
– acquisition of non-
controlling interests 45 – – (6) (6) (2,270) – (2,276)
– distribution to holders of 
perpetual sukuk – – – – – (35) (35)
– dividends paid by way of 
cash – – (886) (886) (123) – (1,009)
– dividends payable – – – – (23) – (23)
– waiver of shareholders’ 
loan of a non-wholly 
owned subsidiary – – – – 8 – 8
At 30 June 2024 9,330 1,156 8,880 19,366 2,811 1,181 23,358
1 An analysis of the movements in each category within reserves is disclosed in Note 37.
2 Mainly reclassification from retained profits to legal reserves to reflect the restricted nature of the reserves at subsidiaries.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 164
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024

---- Page 167 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Group
2023 Note
Share
capital Reserves1
Retained
profits
Attributable
to owners
of the
Company
Non-
controlling
interests
Total
equity
At 1 July 2022 9,318 980 5,712 16,010 361 16,371
Profit for the financial year – – 1,458 1,458 54 1,512
Other comprehensive income/
(loss) for the financial year 20 – 183 (8) 175 (1) 174
Total comprehensive income for 
the financial year – 183 1,450 1,633 53 1,686
Transfer between reserves2 – 19 (19) – – –
Reclassification upon disposal 
of subsidiaries3 – (51) 51 – – –
Acquisition of non-wholly 
owned subsidiaries – – – – 18 18
Disposal of non-wholly owned 
subsidiaries – – – – (9) (9)
Issuance of shares under the 
performance-based employee 
share scheme 12 (12) – – – –
Transactions with owners:
– issue of shares in a non-
wholly owned subsidiary – – – – 4 4
– acquisition of non-
controlling interests – – (2) (2) (27) (29)
– dividends paid by way of 
cash – – (715) (715) (14) (729)
– dividends payable – – – – (29) (29)
At 30 June 2023 9,330 1,119 6,477 16,926 357 17,283
1 An analysis of the movements in each category within reserves is disclosed in Note 37.
2 Mainly reclassification from retained profits to legal reserves to reflect the restricted nature of the reserves at subsidiaries.
3 Reclassification upon disposal of the Weifang port companies (defined in Note 18 to the financial statements).
PG. 165


---- Page 168 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Company Note
Share
capital
Share grant
reserve
Retained
profits
Total equity
attributable
to owners
of the
Company
2024
At 1 July 2023 9,330 – 768 10,098
Profit for the financial year – – 964 964
Transaction with owners:
– dividends paid by way of cash 19 – – (886) (886)
At 30 June 2024 9,330 – 846 10,176
2023
At 1 July 2022 9,318 9 565 9,892
Profit for the financial year – – 921 921
Performance-based employee share scheme – –1 – –
Issuance of shares under the performance-based employee 
share scheme 12 (12) – –
Transfer from retained profits – 3 (3) –
Transaction with owners:
– dividends paid by way of cash 19 – – (715) (715)
At 30 June 2023 9,330 – 768 10,098
1 Less than RM1 million.
The notes on pages 171 to 286 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 166
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024

---- Page 169 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Note
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cash flow from operating activities
Profit for the financial year from continuing operations 1,483 1,337 964 921
Adjustments for:
– dividend from subsidiaries – – (1,026) (987)
– dividend income from financial assets (144) (194) – –
– share of results of joint ventures and associates (260) (64) – –
– finance income (142) (70) (2) (–)1
– finance costs 719 333 3 –1
– taxation 698 484 –1 –1
– gain on disposals (net) (284) (179) – –
– impairment losses on receivables (net) 22 27 – –
– impairment losses on non-financial assets (net) 195 1 – –
– depreciation and amortisation 2,018 1,269 –1 –1
– inventory write-down and provision 279 213 – –
– fair value (gain)/loss on financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss (20) 5 – –
– other non-cash items (25) (22) – –
4,539 3,140 (61) (66)
Changes in working capital:
– inventories (805) (1,750) – –
– rental assets (1,635) (1,302) – –
– receivables and other assets (507) (657) –1 –1
– payables and other liabilities (788) 1,824 – –
Cash generated from/(used in) operations 804 1,255 (61) (66)
Tax paid (611) (512) (–)1 (–)1
Tax refunded 91 34 – –
Dividends received from:
– subsidiaries – – 1,026 1,053
– joint ventures and associates 38 32 – –
– financial assets 144 194 – –
Operating cash flow from continuing operations 466 1,003 965 987
Operating cash flow from/(used in) discontinuing/
discontinued operations 102 (18) – –
Net cash flow from operating activities 476 985 965 987
1 Less than RM1 million.
2 Includes cashflow of UMW Komatsu Heavy Equipment Sdn Bhd (“UKHE”) group (refer Note 18).
PG. 167
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024

---- Page 170 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Note
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cash flow from investing activities
Finance income received 125 57 – –
Proceeds from sale of:
– property, plant and equipment 44 55 – –
– right-of-use assets – 227 – –
– other non-financial assets 314 64 – –
Purchase of:
– property, plant and equipment 21(d) (1,003) (758) – –
– other non-financial assets (69) (76) – –
Additions to financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss (616) (12) – –
Proceeds from sale of subsidiaries 272 – – –
Proceeds from partial sale of associates 11 – – –
Proceeds from sale of financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 1,070 44 – –
Acquisition of subsidiaries and business1 (2,171) (387) – –
Subscription of shares in an associate – (9) – –
Advances to subsidiaries (net) – – (114) (337)
Net movement in restricted deposits and deposits with 
maturity more than 3 months 346 – – –
Investing cash flow used in continuing operations (1,922) (795) (114) (337)
Investing cash flow from discontinuing/discontinued 
operations3 2,861 1,319 – –
Net cash flow from/(used in) investing activities 939 524 (114) (337)
1 Includes part payment of the consideration payable for the acquisition of Salmon Earthmoving Holdings Pty Ltd.
2 Relates to balance consideration from the disposal of Jining ports.
3 Includes cash flow of UKHE group and proceeds from disposal of Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care Sdn Bhd (2023: Weifang port companies). Refer to note 18 
for further details.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 168
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024

---- Page 171 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Note
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from performance-based employee share scheme – – – –1
Purchase of additional interest in subsidiaries (2,276) (29) – –
Finance costs paid (601) (188) – –
Long term borrowings and Islamic Medium Term Notes 
raised 4,504 2,186 – –
Long term borrowings and Islamic Medium Term Notes 
repaid (1,314) (248) – –
Other short term borrowings (repaid)/raised (net) (135) 822 – –
Borrowings of acquired subsidiaries repaid – (1,467) – –
Repayment of lease liabilities (687) (580) – –
Proceeds from shares issued to non-controlling interests 4 – – –
Dividends paid to shareholders (886) (715) (886) (715)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (136)2 (27)3 – –
Dividends paid to perpetual sukuk holders (35) – – –
Financing cash flow used in continuing operations (1,562) (246) (886) (715)
Financing cash flow used in discontinuing/discontinued 
operations (16)4 (4) – –
Net cash used in financing activities (1,578) (250) (886) (715)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (163) 1,259 (35) (65)
Foreign exchange differences 1 21 – –
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the financial year 2,938 1,658 85 150
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the financial year  
[note (a)] 2,776 2,938 50 85
1 Less than RM1 million.
2 Includes RM29 million declared in the financial year ended 30 June 2023.
3 Includes RM13 million declared in the financial year ended 30 June 2022.
4 Includes cashflow of UKHE group (refer Note 18).
PG. 169


---- Page 172 ----
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated
Note
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
a. Cash and cash equivalents at end of the financial year:
Bank balances, deposits and cash 34 2,677 3,086 50 85
Bank overdrafts 40 (102) (148) – –
Deposits with maturity of more than 3 months (2) – – –
Deposits restricted by bank (57) – – –
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations 2,516 2,938 50 85
Cash and cash equivalents included under disposal 
group 260 – – –
2,776 2,938 50 85
b. Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities of the Group
2024 2023
Borrowings
Lease
liabilities Borrowings
Lease
liabilities
At 1 July 5,857 2,597 2,983 2,046
Long term borrowings and Islamic Medium Term Notes raised 4,504 – 2,186 –
Long term borrowings and Islamic Medium Term Notes repaid (1,314) – (248) –
Other short term borrowings (repaid)/raised (net) (135) – 822 –
Repayment of lease liabilities – (687) – (580)
Overdrafts repaid disclosed as cash and cash equivalents (net) (47) – (108) –
Acquisition of subsidiaries 1,543 51 1,467 160
Borrowings of acquired subsidiaries repaid – – (1,467) –
Addition/modification/termination of leases – 660 – 828
Finance costs [Note 16] 516 132 191 98
Finance costs paid (540) – (152) –
Exchange differences 56 18 183 45
At 30 June 10,440 2,771 5,857 2,597
 Breakdown of finance costs paid of continuing operations:
2024 2023
Borrowings 540 152
Payables and others 61 36
601 188
The notes on pages 171 to 286 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 170
Sime Darby Berhad
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024

---- Page 173 ----
1 GENERAL INFORMATION
 The Company is principally an investment holding company. There has been no significant change in the principal activity 
of the Company during the financial year.
 On 13 December 2023, Sime Darby Enterprise Sdn Bhd (“SDE”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, 
completed the acquisition of an approximately 61.2% equity interest in UMW Holdings Berhad (“UMW”). Subsequently, 
SDE increased its equity interest in UMW and on 21 March 2024, UMW became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Company. SDE and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are reported as a new segment (UMW). The UMW 
Komatsu Heavy Equipment Sdn Bhd (“UKHE”) group (part of the UMW segment), which is involved in the business of 
importation and distribution of heavy equipment under the Komatsu brand, has been classified as discontinuing operations 
in view of its expected disposal in the financial year ending 30 June 2025.
 On 28 December 2023, the Group completed the disposal of its entire 50% equity interest in Ramsay Sime Darby Health 
Care Sdn Bhd (“RSDH”). As this transaction resulted in the Group’s exit from the Healthcare business, the results and cash 
flows of the Healthcare segment up to the completion date have been presented as discontinued operations in the financial 
statements of the Group.
 The Group’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are primarily involved in the trading (Industrial, Motors and UMW) 
and manufacturing/assembly (Motors and UMW) businesses. The principal activities and details of the subsidiaries, joint 
ventures and associates are disclosed in Note 51.
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION
 The financial statements of the Group and of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Malaysian Financial 
Reporting Standards (“MFRS”), International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 
2016 in Malaysia.
 The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except as disclosed in the Material 
Accounting Policy Information in Note 3.
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with MFRS, requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and 
liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported 
period. It also requires Directors to exercise their judgement in the process of applying the Group and the Company’s 
accounting policies. Although these estimates and judgements are based on the Directors’ best knowledge of current 
events and actions, actual results may differ. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas 
where assumptions and estimates are significant to the Group’s and to the Company’s financial statements are disclosed in 
Note 4.
PG. 171
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 174 ----
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
 During the financial year, the Group has considered the new accounting pronouncements in the preparation of the financial 
statements.
a. Standards and amendments to published standards that are applicable to the Group and the Company
 The Group and the Company have applied the following standards and amendments to published standards for the 
first time for the financial year beginning 1 July 2023:
• MFRS 17 – ‘Insurance contracts and amendments to MFRS 17’
• Amendments to MFRS 17 ‘Initial application of MFRS 17’ and MFRS 9 – ‘Comparative information’
• Amendments to MFRS 108 ‘Definition of accounting estimates’
• Amendments to MFRS 112 ‘Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction’
• Amendments to MFRS 112 ‘International tax reform – Pillar Two model rules’.
 The adoption of the above standards and amendments to published standards did not have a material impact in 
the current period or prior periods and is not likely to materially affect future periods.
 The Group and the Company have disclosed the impact of the adoption of the amendment to MFRS 112 related 
to international Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules in Note 17 to the financial statements.
• Amendments to MFRS 101 ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’ and MFRS Practice Statement 2 ‘Disclosure of 
accounting policies’
 MFRS 101 “Presentation of Financial Statements” and MFRS Practice Statement 2 ‘Disclosure of accounting 
policies’ require the disclosure of ‘material’, rather than ‘significant’, accounting policies. The amendments also 
provide guidance on the application of materiality to disclosure of accounting policies, assisting entities to provide 
useful, entity-specific accounting policy information that users need to understand other information in the 
financial statements.
 The amendments did not result in any changes to the Group’s accounting policies. However, it impacted the 
accounting policy information disclosed in the financial statements. The material accounting policy information is 
disclosed in Note 3.
b. Standards and amendments to published standards that are applicable to the Group and the Company but not yet 
effective
 Standards and amendments to published standards that are effective for the financial year beginning on or after 1 July 
2024, where the Group and Company are still assessing their impact to the Group’s and Company’s financial 
statements in the year of initial application:
 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
• Amendments to MFRS 16 ‘Lease liability in a sale and leaseback’
• Amendments to MFRS 101 ‘Classification of liabilities as current or non-current’
• Amendments to MFRS 101 ‘Non-current liabilities with covenants’
• Amendments to MFRS 107 and MFRS 7 ‘Supplier finance arrangements’
 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
• Amendments to MFRS 121 ‘Lack of Exchangeability’
 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
• Amendments to MFRS 9 and MFRS 7 ‘Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments’
• Amendments to MFRS 7 ‘Financial Instruments: disclosures’
• Amendments to MFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’
• Amendments to MFRS 10 ‘Consolidated financial statements’
• Amendments to MFRS 107 ‘Statement of cash flows’
 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
• MFRS 18 – ‘Presentation and disclosure in financial statements’
Annual Report 2024
PG. 172
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 175 ----
2 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
 During the financial year, the Group has considered the new accounting pronouncements in the preparation of the financial 
statements. (continued)
c. The effective date for the following amendment has been deferred to a date to be determined by Malaysian 
Accounting Standards Board
 Amendments to MFRS 10 ‘Consolidated financial statements’ and MFRS 128 ‘Investments in associates and joint 
ventures - sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture’.
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 Following the Amendments to MFRS 101 “Disclosure of Accounting Policies”, only material accounting policy information, 
where, when considered together with other information included in these financial statements, can reasonably be 
expected to influence decisions made by users are disclosed under this note. The following material accounting policies 
have been applied consistently in dealing with items that are considered material in relation to the financial statements, 
and to all the financial periods presented, unless otherwise stated.
a. Basis of consolidation
 The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and all its subsidiaries made 
up to the end of the financial year and are prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other 
events in similar circumstances.
i. Subsidiaries
 Subsidiaries are consolidated using the acquisition method except for those subsidiaries acquired under common 
control. Under the acquisition method, identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a 
business combination are measured at their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the consideration 
over the Group’s share of fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired at the acquisition date is reflected as 
goodwill. Any gain from bargain purchase is recognised directly in profit or loss.
 Non-controlling interests arising from a business combination are measured based on their proportionate share 
of the fair value of net assets acquired. Equity components that are not entitled to the entity’s proportionate 
share of net assets are measured at their acquisition-date fair values. Transactions with owners of non-controlling 
interests without a change in control are treated as equity transactions in the statement of changes in equity.
 Business combinations under common control are accounted using the predecessor method of merger accounting 
where the profit or loss and other comprehensive income include the results of each of the combining entities 
from the earliest date presented or from the date when these entities came under the control of the common 
controlling party (if later). The assets and liabilities of the combining entities are accounted for based on the 
carrying amounts from the perspective of the common controlling party, or the combining entities if the common 
controlling party does not prepare consolidated financial statements.
ii. Joint ventures and associates
 Investment in joint ventures and associates are accounted using the equity method. Under the equity method, 
the investment is recorded at cost and thereafter adjusted for post acquisition results and other changes in net 
assets of the joint venture or associates.
PG. 173
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 176 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
b. Foreign currencies
i. Presentation and functional currencies
 Ringgit Malaysia is the presentation currency of the Group and of the Company. Ringgit Malaysia is also the 
functional currency of the Company. The functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment 
in which the Company operates. The Group’s foreign operations have different functional currencies.
ii. Transactions and balances
 Foreign currency transactions and monetary items are translated into the functional currency using the exchange 
rates prevailing at the transaction dates and at the end of the reporting period, respectively. Foreign exchange 
differences arising therefrom and on settlement are recognised in profit or loss.
 Foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of a monetary item designated as a hedge of net 
investment in a foreign operation are recognised in other comprehensive income in the consolidated financial 
statements until the net investment is disposed.
iii. Translation of foreign currency financial statements
 For consolidation purposes, the foreign operations’ results are translated into the Group’s presentation currency 
at average exchange rates for the financial year whilst the assets and liabilities, including goodwill and fair value 
adjustments arising on consolidation, are translated at exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. 
The resulting translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in exchange 
reserve.
 Inter-company loans where settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future, are treated 
as part of the net investment in the subsidiary. Translation differences arising therefrom are recognised in other 
comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss upon repayment or disposal of the relevant 
entity.
 Exchange reserve in respect of a foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss when control, joint control or 
significant influence over the foreign operation is lost. On partial disposal without losing control, a proportion of 
the exchange reserve in respect of the subsidiary is re-attributed to the non-controlling interest. The 
proportionate share of the cumulative translation differences is reclassified to profit or loss in respect of all other 
partial disposals.
c. Property, plant and equipment
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
 Freehold land is not depreciated as it has indefinite life. Other property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a 
straight-line basis to write down the cost of each asset to their residual values over their estimated useful lives.
 The principal annual depreciation rates are as follows:
 Buildings 2% to 20%
 Plant and machinery 4% to 33%
 Rental assets 10% to 33%
 Vehicles, equipment and fixtures 5% to 50%
 The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, annually.
 Included in rental assets of the Group are vehicles and equipment. Rental assets will be transferred to inventories at 
their carrying amounts when they cease to be rented and are held for sale.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 174
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 177 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
d. Leases
 Group as a lessee
 Leases are recognised as right-of-use (“ROU”) asset and a corresponding lease liability at the date on which the leased 
asset is available for use by the Group (i.e. the commencement date).
 Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract to 
the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However, for leases of properties (land 
and buildings) for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected the practical expedient provided in MFRS 16 ‘Leases’ not 
to separate the lease and non-lease components. Both components are accounted for as a single lease component and 
payments for both components are included in the measurement of lease liability.
 In determining the lease term, the Group considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to 
exercise an extension option, or not to exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination 
options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not to be terminated).
i. ROU assets
 ROU assets that are not investment properties are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment loss. In addition, the ROU assets are adjusted for certain remeasurement of lease liabilities. ROU 
assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line 
basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the ROU asset is depreciated over the 
underlying asset’s useful life.
 The principal annual depreciation rates are as follows:
 Leasehold land Up to 99 years
 Buildings 4% to 50%
 Vehicles, equipment, fixtures and rental assets  4% to 50%
ii. Lease liabilities
 Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. 
Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily 
determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used.
 The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of 
interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.
iii. Short term leases and leases of low value assets
 The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short term leases that have a 
lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises the lease payments 
associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
 Group as a lessor
i. Finance leases
 When assets are leased out under a finance lease, the present value of the lease payments is recognised as a 
receivable. The difference between the gross receivable and the present value of the receivable is recognised as 
unearned finance income. Lease income is recognised over the term of the lease.
ii. Operating leases
 When assets are leased out under an operating lease, the asset is included in the statement of financial position 
based on the nature of the asset. Lease income is recognised over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis.
PG. 175
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 178 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
e. Investment properties
 Investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Freehold 
land and buildings under construction are not depreciated. Other investment properties are depreciated on a 
straightline basis to write down the cost of each asset to their residual values over their estimated useful lives.
 Right-of-use assets that meet the definition of investment property in accordance with MFRS 140 ‘Investment 
Property’ are presented in the statement of financial position as investment property. Subsequent measurement of 
the right-of-use asset is consistent with those investment properties owned by the Group.
 The principal annual depreciation rates are as follows:
 Leasehold land over the lease period of up to 62 years
 Buildings 2% to 5%, or over the lease term if shorter
 The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, annually.
f. Investments in subsidiaries
 Investments in subsidiaries and contribution to subsidiaries are recorded at cost less accumulated impairment losses, 
if any, in the Company’s financial statements.
 Contributions to subsidiaries are amounts which the Company does not expect repayment in the foreseeable future 
and are considered as part of the Company’s investment in the subsidiaries.
g. Intangible assets
i. Goodwill
 Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for 
the purpose of impairment testing. Goodwill on acquisition of joint ventures and associates is included as part of 
the cost of investments in joint ventures and associates. Such goodwill is tested for impairment as part of the 
overall net investment in each joint venture and associate.
ii. Distribution and dealership rights
 Distribution and dealership rights with no predetermined service period are stated at cost less accumulated 
impairment losses, if any, and are not amortised.
iii. Other intangible assets
 Other intangible assets include computer software, trademarks, customer relationships and development costs. 
These intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. 
Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives and commences from the 
date of commercial production of the product to which the development costs relate or when the intangible 
assets are ready for use.
 The principal annual amortisation rates are as follows:
 Computer software 10% to 33%
 Trademarks 5% to 20%
 Customer relationships 5% to 10%
 Development costs over the period of the expected benefit, not exceeding a period of 5 years
Annual Report 2024
PG. 176
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 179 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
h. Assets held for sale, disposal groups and discontinuing/discontinued operations
 Non-current assets or groups of assets are classified as “held for sale” if their carrying amounts will be recovered 
principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. Similarly, liabilities directly associated with 
the disposal groups are also presented separately from other liabilities in the statement of financial position. The 
individual assets and liabilities of a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view for resale are not fair valued separately, 
instead, the net assets as a whole are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell with 
the impairment (if any) netted off against the assets.
 Depreciation ceases when an asset is classified as an asset held for sale. Assets held for sale are stated at the lower 
of carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell.
 A discontinuing/discontinued operation is a component of the Group that is classified as a disposal group and 
represents a separate business or geographical segment, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view for resale.
i. Inventories
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is determined principally 
by the following methods:
 Equipment and motor vehicles Specific identification basis
 Spare parts and accessories Weighted average basis
 Demonstration vehicles are classified as inventories as they are readily available for sale and are generally sold within 
a year.
j. Derivatives and hedging activities
 Derivatives are measured at fair value. A derivative that is neither designated nor an effective hedging instrument is 
categorised under fair value through profit or loss and changes in its fair value are recognised in profit or loss. In the 
case of a derivative that qualifies for cash flow hedge and borrowings that are used as hedge instruments against 
receivables or net investments, the changes in the derivative’s fair value and the exchange differences arising from the 
translation of the borrowings are recognised in other comprehensive income.
 At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group documents the economic relationship between hedging 
instruments and hedged items including whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging instruments are expected 
to offset changes in the cash flows of hedged items. The Group documents its risk management objective and strategy 
for undertaking its hedge transaction.
k. Contract assets and liabilities
 Contract asset is the right to consideration for goods or services transferred to the customers. In the case of 
engineering contracts, contract asset is the excess of cumulative revenue earned over the billings to-date. See Note 
3(l)(iii) on impairment of contract assets.
 Contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to customers for which the Group has received the 
consideration or has billed the customer. In the case of engineering contracts, contract liability is the excess of the 
billings to-date over the cumulative revenue earned. Contract liabilities include downpayments received from 
customers and other deferred income where the Group has billed or has collected the payment before the goods are 
delivered or services are provided to the customers.
PG. 177
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 180 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
l. Impairment
 Goodwill and other intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life or are not yet available for use are tested 
annually for impairment. Other non-financial assets are assessed for indication of impairment. If an indication exists, 
an impairment test is performed. In the case of financial assets, it is based on expected credit loss.
 This exercise is performed annually or whenever events or circumstances occur indicating that impairment may exist.
 The recognition and measurement of impairment are as follows:
i. Non-financial assets
 An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of the non-financial asset exceeds 
its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value 
in-use.
ii. Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
 An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of the subsidiary, joint venture 
or associate exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less 
costs to sell and present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to be derived from the investment, 
including the proceeds from its disposal.
iii. Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
 The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit loss (“ECL”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value 
through profit or loss (“FVTPL”).
 ECLs are measured based on a general 3-stage approach and a simplified approach.
 General 3-stage approach for other receivables and amounts due from subsidiaries
 ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are 
possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL).
 For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, 
a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the 
timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).
 Simplified approach for trade receivables, contract assets and finance lease receivables
 For trade receivables, contract assets and finance lease receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in 
calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss 
allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date.
 Significant increase in credit risk
 The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of the asset and whether there has been 
a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether 
there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at 
the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition.
 The Group considers a receivable as credit impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on 
the estimated cash flow have occurred. These instances include adverse changes in the financial capability of the 
debtor and default or significant delay in payments. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a 
financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to 
receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by 
the Group. A financial asset is written off to profit or loss when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering 
the contractual cash flows.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 178
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 181 ----
3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
l. Impairment (continued)
iii. Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
 Grouping of instruments for ECL measured on collective basis
 Collective assessment
 To measure ECL, trade receivables and contract assets are grouped into categories. The categories are 
differentiated by the different business risks and are subject to different credit assessments. Contract assets 
relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables 
for the same types of contracts. The Group considers the expected loss rates for trade receivables as a reasonable 
approximation of the loss rates for contract assets with similar risk characteristics.
 Individual assessment
 Trade receivables, contract assets, other receivables and amounts due from subsidiaries which are in default or 
credit-impaired are assessed individually.
m. Provisions
 Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation, where the outflow of resources is 
probable and can be reliably estimated. Provisions are measured at the present value of the obligation. The increase 
in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as finance cost.
n. Government grants
 Government grants are recognised at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with 
the conditions attached to them and the grants will be received. Grants are carried in the statement of financial 
position and allocated to profit or loss over the useful lives of the related assets or over the period of the operating 
expenditure to which the grants are intended to compensate. Grants relating to costs are recognised in profit or loss 
over the periods to match the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
o. Employee costs
i. Employee benefits
 Wages, salaries, paid annual leave and sick leave, bonuses and non-monetary benefits are accrued in the period 
in which the services are rendered by employees.
ii. Defined contribution pension plans
 The Group has various defined contribution pension plans in accordance with local conditions and practices in the 
countries in which it operates. The Group’s contributions to defined contribution pension plans are charged to 
profit or loss in the financial year in which they relate to. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to 
pay further contributions once the contribution has been paid.
p. Revenue recognition
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised by reference to each distinct performance obligation in the 
contract with customer. Revenue from contracts with customers is measured at its transaction price, being the amount 
of consideration which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a 
customer, net of goods and service tax, returns, rebates and discounts. Transaction price is allocated to each 
performance obligation on the basis of the relative standalone selling prices of each distinct good or services promised 
in the contract. Depending on the substance of the contract, revenue is recognised when the performance obligation 
is satisfied, which may be at a point in time or over time.
PG. 179
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 182 ----
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
p. Revenue recognition (continued)
 The material performance obligations by segment are as follows:
i. Industrial
 Industrial segment revenue consists primarily of sale and installation of equipment, sale of parts and provision of 
after-sales services.
(a) Sale and installation of equipment, parts and provision of after-sales maintenance
 Revenue from sale of equipment and after-sales maintenance are recognised respectively in the period in 
which the customer accepts the delivery of the goods and services rendered.
 Contracts that bundle the sale of equipment, after-sales maintenance, provision of parts credit and 
extended warranty are recognised as distinct performance obligations for revenue recognition purposes. 
Parts credit represents prepaid amounts for equipment parts which customers will redeem in the future. 
Credit is given together with the sale of machine based on negotiated terms with the customer. Revenue 
from parts credit is recognised upon utilisation of credit for parts exchange.
 Contracts that bundle the sale and installation of generator sets are recognised as a single performance 
obligation as the installation includes a significant integration service. Revenue is recognised progressively 
based on the percentage of completion determined by reference to the completion of the physical 
proportion of contract work to-date.
 There is no significant financing component in the revenue arising from sale and installation of equipment, 
parts and provision of after-sales maintenance as almost all sales are made on the normal credit terms not 
exceeding 12 months.
(b) Construction of equipment
 Contracts for construction of equipment comprise multiple deliverables which include a significant 
integration service and are therefore recognised as a single performance obligation. Revenue is recognised 
progressively based on the percentage of completion determined by reference to the completion of the 
physical proportion of contract work to-date.
(c) Extended warranty programme
 The Group operates an extended warranty programme where customers are given additional 12-month 
warranty in addition to the standard warranty. Revenue for the extended warranty is recognised in the 
period in which the warranty services are rendered. No element of financing is deemed present as the sales 
are made on normal credit terms. Obligations to repair or replace faulty products under standard warranty 
terms is recognised as a provision.
(d) Sales with a right of return
 For certain parts sales, the customer has an option to sell the used products back to the Group within an 
agreed timeframe after the date of sale. Therefore, a refund liability (with corresponding adjustment to 
revenue) is recognised using the most likely method for the products expected to be returned.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 180
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 183 ----
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
p. Revenue recognition (continued)
 The material performance obligations by segment are as follows: (continued)
ii. Motors
 The Group is an authorised distributor of vehicles and parts and also operates a network of dealerships selling 
vehicles and parts and offering after-sales services. Motors segment revenue consists primarily of sale of vehicles 
and parts, after-sales services and assembly of vehicles.
(a) Sale of vehicles and parts
 Revenue from sale of vehicles and parts is recognised when the Group sells the vehicle and parts to 
customers and control of the vehicle and parts has transferred, being when the vehicles and parts are 
delivered to the customer.
 The vehicles and parts are often sold with volume based discounts and incentives based on aggregate sales 
over an agreed period. Accumulated experience is used to estimate and provide for the discounts and 
incentives, using expected value or most likely methods depending on the type of discounts and incentives. 
Revenue is recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur. A 
contract liability is recognised for the expected discounts and incentives payable to customers in relation to 
sales made.
 Consistent with market practice, the Group collects deposits from customers for the sale of vehicles. A 
contract liability is recognised for the customer deposits as the Group has an obligation to transfer vehicle 
to the customer in respect of deposits received. Customer deposits would be recognised as revenue upon 
sale of the vehicle to the customer.
 No element of financing is deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 to 60 days, which 
is consistent with market practice. The Group’s obligation to provide warranty for the vehicles and parts 
under the standard warranty terms is recognised as a provision.
(b) After-sales services
 The Group provides after-sales services or routine vehicle maintenance services within and/or outside of the 
warranty period in relation to the vehicle brands that the Group sells. The performance of maintenance 
services is often accompanied with the sale of parts. Therefore, revenue from sale of parts is reported with 
the performance of after-sales services. Revenue from after-sales services is recognised over the period of 
performance of services to customers.
 The sale of vehicle to the customer may be bundled together with extended warranties and/or free services. 
The extended warranty provides assurance to the customer that the vehicle parts comply with agreed-upon 
specifications beyond the general standard warranty period. The extended warranties and free services are 
separate performance obligations and the transaction price is allocated to the service obligations based on 
its relative standalone selling prices. The extended warranties and free services are deferred and recognised 
over the period covered by the extended warranties and when the free services are performed respectively.
 There is no significant financing component in the sale of extended warranties and/or free services as the 
sales are made on normal credit terms not exceeding 12 months. Where consideration is collected from 
customers in advance of services being performed, a contract liability is recognised. The contract liability 
would be recognised as revenue when the related services are rendered.
PG. 181
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 184 ----
3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
p. Revenue recognition (continued)
 The material performance obligations by segment are as follows: (continued)
ii. Motors (continued)
(c) Assembly of vehicles
 The Group manufactures and assembles light commercial and passenger vehicles, and are contract 
assemblers of motor vehicles. Revenue arising from the assembly of vehicles is either recognised upon 
completion of the assembly service or over the period when assembly services are rendered based on the 
contractual terms with the customers.
(d) Handling and commission income
 Revenue arising from rendering services, handling income and commission income is recognised when the 
relevant services are completed.
iii. UMW
 UMW division’s revenue consists primarily of sale of vehicles, equipment and parts and provision of after-sales 
services or related services. The revenue recognition policy for these transactions are as per the revenue 
recognition of similar transactions under the Industrial and Motors segments as set out in Notes 3(p)(i) and 3(p)
(ii).
iv. Other revenue
 Revenue from other sources are recognised as follows:
(a) dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established; and
(b) rental income is generally recognised on a straight-line basis over the tenure of the lease.
q. Taxation
 Taxation comprises of current and deferred tax.
 The current tax charge is based on the expected income tax payable and is measured using applicable tax rates.
 Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their 
carrying amounts in the financial statements. Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences arising on 
investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary 
difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable 
future. Deferred tax is not recognised on goodwill.
 Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against 
which the temporary differences can be utilised.
r. Segment reporting
 Segment information is presented in a manner that is consistent with the internal reporting provided to management 
for the allocation of resources and assessment of its performance.
 Segment revenue, profit, assets and liabilities are those reported by the segment and also include consolidation 
adjustments directly attributable to the segment. Inter-segment sales and purchases are generally based on similar 
terms as those available to external parties.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 182
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 185 ----
4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENT IN APPLYING ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 The preparation of financial statements in compliance with MFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates 
that involve complex and subjective judgements and the use of assumptions, some of which may be for matters that are 
inherently uncertain and susceptible to change. The Directors exercise their judgement in the process of applying the 
Group’s accounting policies. Estimates and assumptions are based on the Directors’ best knowledge of current events. Such 
estimates and judgement could change from period to period and have a material impact on the results, financial position, 
cash flows and other disclosures. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment 
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined below.
a. Impairment of non-financial assets
 The Group assesses whether there is any indication that non-financial assets are impaired at the end of each reporting 
period. Impairment is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset with its recoverable amount. The 
recoverable amount is measured at the higher of the fair value less costs to sell for that asset and its value-in-use. The 
value-in-use is the net present value of the projected future cash flows derived from that asset discounted at an 
appropriate discount rate. Projected future cash flows are calculated based on historical sector and industry trends, 
general market and economic conditions, changes in technology and other available information. Changes to any of 
these assumptions would affect the amount of impairment. The key assumptions used to determine the recoverable 
amount of the property, plant and equipment, right-of use assets and intangible assets are set out in Note 21, Note 
22 and Note 24 to the financial statements respectively.
 During the financial year, impairment of non-financial assets totalling RM195 million (2023: RM1 million) in continuing 
operations and RM45 million (2023: RM41 million) in discontinuing/discontinued operations were charged as disclosed 
in Notes 12 (continuing operations) and 18 (discontinuing/discontinued operations).
b. Taxation
 The Group has recognised deferred tax liabilities on unremitted earnings for subsidiaries which are located in 
jurisdictions that impose withholding tax on dividends where it is probable the temporary difference would reverse in 
the near future. The deferred tax liabilities on the unremitted earnings are estimated based on the projected dividends 
in the 5-year approved budget projections, restricted to the available retained earnings as at the end of the financial 
year. Actual dividends may differ depending on the actual financial performance of the companies and other factors. 
During the year, the Group recognised additional deferred tax provision on unremitted earnings of RM76 million 
(2023: reversal of RM1 million). The significant increase in deferred tax provision recognised was mainly due to the 
significant increase in projected dividends from certain jurisdictions in the approved budget.
 Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against 
which temporary differences or unutilised tax losses and tax credits can be utilised. This involves judgement regarding 
future taxable profits of a particular entity in which the deferred tax asset has been recognised.
c. Revenue recognition on maintenance income, extended warranties and parts credit
 Revenue from customers include revenue derived from bundled contracts. The Group employs judgement in identifying 
separate performance obligations within these contracts. The Group regards the maintenance income (which is 
inclusive of free services), extended warranties and parts credit as separate performance obligations as the customers 
are able to benefit from each of the performance obligations on its own and they are distinct from each other. 
Revenue is allocated to the service obligations based on its relative stand-alone selling prices upon a sale of equipment 
or vehicle. These maintenance income and extended warranties are deferred and recognised over the period covered 
in the contracts or upon rendering of the services. Revenue from parts credit is recognised upon utilisation of credit 
for exchange of parts. Management estimates the stand-alone selling prices of the maintenance income, extended 
warranties and parts credit based on observable prices of the type of services likely to be provided and the services 
rendered in similar circumstances to customers. Where the stand-alone selling price of the distinct goods or services 
is not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost-plus margin.
PG. 183
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 186 ----
4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENT IN APPLYING ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
c. Revenue recognition on maintenance income, extended warranties and parts credit (continued)
 Management estimates the related contract liabilities for future warranty claims based on historical extended 
warranty and services claim information, as well as recent trends that might suggest that past cost information may 
differ from future claims. The assumptions made in relation to the current period are consistent with those in the prior 
year. Factors that could impact the estimated claim information include the success of the Group’s productivity and 
quality initiatives, as well as parts and labour costs and availability.
d. Extension options for leases
 In determining the term of a lease, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic 
incentive to exercise an extension option. Extension options are only included in the lease term if the lease is 
reasonably certain to be extended. Potential future cash outflows have not been included in the lease liability because 
it is not reasonably certain that the leases will be extended. The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a 
significant change in circumstances occur which affects this assessment and that is within the control of the lessee. 
Details of such extension options are disclosed in Note 41.
e. Recognition of fair value of net assets, including intangible assets, arising from acquisitions
 During the financial year, the Group acquired Kuxton Pty Limited and Kagera Pty Limited and its subsidiaries 
(collectively referred to as “Cavpower group”) and UMW Holdings Berhad (“UMW”) group. Purchase price allocation 
(“PPA”) exercises were undertaken which involves assumptions in determining the fair value of the identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed. The fair value of net assets of Cavpower and UMW acquired were RM1,031 million 
and RM9,430 million respectively. The goodwill recognised for Cavpower and UMW amounted to RM584 million and 
RM19 million respectively. Details of the acquisitions are set out in Note 45.
f. Provision for warranties
 The Group recognises provision for liabilities associated with the warranties provided on certain products. This 
requires an estimation of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the reporting date. In 
determining the provision, the Group has made assumptions in relation to the expected cost to repair and/or replace 
the products and the expected timing of those costs. The carrying amount of provision for warranties at the end of 
the reporting period is disclosed in Note 44.
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES
a. Financial Risk Management
 The Group’s operations expose it to a variety of financial risks, including foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, 
credit risk and liquidity and cash flow risk. The Group’s overall financial risk management policies seek to manage and 
minimise the potential adverse effects of these risks on the financial performance of the Group.
 The Group’s exposure to these financial risks are managed through risk reviews, internal control systems, insurance/
takaful programmes and adherence to Group Policies and Authorities which are implemented on a group-wide basis. 
The Board of Directors regularly reviews these risks and approves the policies covering the management of these risks.
 The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as forward foreign exchange contracts, embedded derivatives 
and interest rate swaps to hedge the Group’s exposure to financial risk.
 Whilst all derivatives entered into provide economic hedges to the Group, hedge accounting is not always applied. 
Where there are open positions, these are managed in accordance with the Group’s policies. The notional amounts 
and fair values of derivative financial instruments as at 30 June are disclosed in Note 29.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 184
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 187 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a. Financial Risk Management (continued)
i. Foreign exchange risk
 The Group’s foreign exchange risk refers to adverse exchange rate movements on foreign currency positions 
originating primarily from financial assets or liabilities denominated in currencies which are not in the functional 
currency of the respective subsidiaries and from net assets in foreign operations where the functional currencies 
are not in Ringgit Malaysia.
 The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency 
exposures, primarily with respect to United States Dollar, Chinese Renminbi, European Union Euro and Australian 
Dollar. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities, and 
investments in foreign operations.
 The Group applies natural hedging, to the extent possible, by matching foreign currency assets or income against 
foreign currency liabilities or costs. Net foreign currency exposures and forecasted foreign currency cash flows 
are hedged via forward foreign exchange contracts and embedded derivatives.
 Details of the Group’s foreign currency exposure and the currency profile of monetary financial assets and 
financial liabilities are disclosed in Note 49(a).
ii. Interest rate risk
 The Group’s interest rate risk arises from its borrowings. Changes in market interest rates will be re-priced into 
the floating rate borrowings. The Group manages its interest rate risk on its long-term borrowings by targeting 
a mix of fixed and floating rate debt by using derivatives such as interest rate swaps.
 As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s percentage of fixed rate borrowings, both before and after taking into account 
of interest rate swap contracts, to the total borrowings was 13.6% (2023: 0.9%) and 14.1% (2023: 3.9%) 
respectively. The borrowings raised for the acquisitions of UMW, Cavpower and Onsite Rental Group Limited 
(“Onsite”) were on floating rates and remain unhedged based on assessment of prevailing market conditions and 
cost considerations. The Company shall reassess this position regularly and may consider implementing hedging 
strategies in the future if market conditions or financial circumstances change. The remaining borrowings are 
mostly for short term working capital funding. Details of the percentages of fixed rate borrowings over total 
borrowings are disclosed in Note  49(b).
iii. Credit risk
 Credit risk is the risk of a financial loss to the Group due to counterparties defaulting on their commitments.
 Credit risk arises on sales made on credit terms, derivatives with positive fair value, deposits with banks, 
guarantees and performance guarantees given on behalf of others and risk sharing arrangements.
 The Group seeks to control credit risk by dealing with counterparties with appropriate credit histories and 
deposit with banks and financial institutions with good credit ratings. Credit risk is also managed through credit 
assessment and approval, credit limit and monitoring procedures. Where appropriate, guarantees or securities 
are obtained to limit credit risk.
PG. 185
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 188 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a. Financial Risk Management (continued)
iii. Credit risk (continued)
 The credit risk concentration profile of the Group’s net trade receivables analysed by location where the Group 
operates and by reportable segment is as follows:
Industrial Motors UMW Others Total
2024
Malaysia 237 1,106 1,091 42 2,476
China1 267 223 9 – 499
Other countries in Asia 124 244 52 2 422
Australasia2 1,704 650 – – 2,354
2,332 2,223 1,152 44 5,751
Industrial Motors Others Total
2023
Malaysia 235 742 65 1,042
China1 262 209 – 471
Other countries in Asia 100 228 1 329
Australasia2 1,287 589 – 1,876
1,884 1,768 66 3,718
 The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk.
1 China consists of Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
2 Australasia consists of Australia, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.
 A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss (“ECL”) is as follows:
 Trade receivables using the simplified approach
 The ECL for trade receivables is generally calculated based on the net flow rate method and is calculated at the 
operating unit level. The factors considered in arriving at the calculation include:
• Appropriately grouping trade receivables if historical (or forecast) credit loss experience shows significantly 
different loss patterns for different customer segments
• Adjusting historical credit loss experience to incorporate relevant, current and more forward-looking 
information that is reasonable and supportable, and available without undue cost or effort
• Determining different loss rates for the different past due brackets of trade receivables
 In arriving at the net flow rate model, the operating units have used debtors’ past due information over a 12-36 
month period. No significant changes to estimation techniques or assumptions were made during the reporting 
period.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 186
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 189 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a. Financial Risk Management (continued)
iii. Credit risk (continued)
 Trade receivables using the simplified approach (continued)
 The gross carrying amount of trade receivables also represents the maximum exposure to credit risk on these 
assets. The expected credit loss rate is the weighted average rate applied for the respective groups of trade 
receivables. Impairment for specific debtors in default or credit impaired is assessed individually, where 
applicable.
30 June 2024
Gross
trade
receivables
Expected
credit loss
rate (%) Impairment
Net
carrying
amount
Industrial Division
Current 1,467 0.2 (3) 1,464
Past due by
– 1 to 30 days 498 2.1 (10) 488
– 31 to 60 days 112 2.7 (3) 109
– 61 to 90 days 133 3.4 (5) 128
– 91 to 180 days 113 12.3 (14) 99
– more than 181 days 138 68.0 (94) 44
Total 2,461 (129) 2,332
Motors Division
Current 1,010 0.0 – 1,010
Past due by
– 1 to 30 days 881 0.2 (2) 879
– 31 to 60 days 221 0.2 (–)1 221
– 61 to 90 days 52 1.5 (1) 51
– 91 to 180 days 53 5.1 (3) 50
– more than 181 days 30 59.3 (18) 12
Total 2,247 (24) 2,223
UMW Division
Current 1,070 0.2 (2) 1,068
Past due by
– 1 to 30 days 37 2.0 (1) 36
– 31 to 60 days 24 1.2 (–)1 24
– 61 to 90 days 7 1.6 (–)1 7
– 91 to 180 days 14 13.4 (2) 12
– more than 181 days 11 56.0 (6) 5
Individually assessed 5 100.0 (5) –
Total 1,168 (16) 1,152
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 187
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 190 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a. Financial Risk Management (continued)
iii. Credit risk (continued)
 Trade receivables using the simplified approach (continued)
30 June 2023
Gross
trade
receivables
Expected
credit loss
rate (%) Impairment
Net
carrying
amount
Industrial Division
Current 1,332 0.5 (7) 1,325
Past due by
– 1 to 30 days 301 3.0 (9) 292
– 31 to 60 days 97 4.1 (4) 93
– 61 to 90 days 64 10.9 (7) 57
– 91 to 180 days 120 21.7 (26) 94
– more than 181 days 85 72.9 (62) 23
Individually assessed 8 100.0 (8) –
Total 2,007 (123) 1,884
Motors Division
Current 343 0.0 – 343
Past due by
– 1 to 30 days 996 0.6 (6) 990
– 31 to 60 days 286 0.9 (3) 283
– 61 to 90 days 67 0.7 (1) 66
– 91 to 180 days 63 2.2 (1) 62
– more than 181 days 35 32.3 (11) 24
Total 1,790 (22) 1,768
 Net trade receivables of RM44 million (2023: RM66 million) relates to the Others segment and the total 
impairment for these receivables is RM2 million (2023: RM1 million).
 The impairment of finance lease receivables has been assessed to be immaterial as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 
2023.
 The impairment of contract assets (carrying value of RM95 million (2023: RM59 million)) has been assessed to be 
immaterial.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 188
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 191 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a. Financial Risk Management (continued)
iii. Credit risk (continued)
 The ECL for other receivables and amounts due from subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates is calculated 
based on the 3-stage approach.
Category Definition of category
Basis for 
recognising ECL
Performing Debtors have a low risk of default and a strong capacity to meet 
contractual cash flows.
12-month ECL
Underperforming Debtors for which there is a significant increase in credit risk due 
to actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, 
financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a 
significant change to the debtor’s ability to meet its obligations.
Lifetime ECL
Non-performing There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired. Lifetime ECL
(credit impaired)
Write-off There is evidence indicating that there is no reasonable expectation 
of recovery based on unavailability of the debtor’s sources of 
income or assets to generate sufficient future cash flows to repay 
the amount.
Asset is written 
off
 Based on the above, loss allowance is measured on either 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL, by considering the 
likelihood that the debtor would not be able to repay during the contractual period, the percentage of 
contractual cash flows that will not be collected if default happens and the outstanding amount that is exposed 
to default risk.
 The main categories of other receivables of the Group are as follows:
• Rebates from principals – these are amounts receivable based on rates or amounts agreed by the principals. 
These amounts are mostly categorised as performing as they are assessed to have low credit risk except for 
certain instances where there are disagreements. The impairment losses as at 30 June 2024 was less than RM1 
million (2023: RM5 million).
• Assembly purchases and expenses recoverable – these are goods purchased or expenses incurred in relation 
to the assembly business that can be recovered from customers. These amounts are categorised as performing 
as they are assessed to have low credit risk. The impairment loss is considered immaterial.
• Warranty and parts claims are transactions involving principals. They are categorised as performing as they 
are assessed to have low credit risk. The impairment loss is considered immaterial.
• Deposits include utilities and tender deposits as well as deposits with authorities and principals. These 
amounts are mostly categorised as performing as they are assessed to have low credit risk. The impairment 
loss is considered immaterial.
 Management has assessed and determined that the remaining other receivables were recoverable and adequate 
loss allowance has been recognised.
 The amounts due from joint ventures and associates are largely categorised as performing taking into 
consideration the credit risks of the joint ventures and associates.
PG. 189
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 192 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a. Financial Risk Management (continued)
iii. Credit risk (continued)
 Company
 The Company has no significant concentration of credit risk except for advances to or receivables from its 
subsidiaries where the risk of default has been assessed to be low.
 The Company provides unsecured advances to its subsidiary, Sime Darby Holdings Berhad (“SDHB”). The 
outstanding balance as at 30 June 2024 was RM261 million (2023: RM885 million). No impairment was provided 
for this balance as SDHB is in a net assets position and can settle the outstanding balance by transferring its cash, 
recalling loans from related companies or drawing from its banking facilities.
 The other amounts due from subsidiaries are primarily dividend receivable of RM242 million (2023: RM242 
million). Management is of the view that the impairment loss is considered immaterial based on the financial 
position and performance of these subsidiaries.
 Reconciliation of impairment for trade and other receivables of the Group is as follows:
2024
Trade
receivables
Rebates from
principals
Other
receivables Total
As at 1 July 2023 146 5 6 157
Impairment losses 98 5 6 109
Reversal of impairment losses (76) (10) (1) (87)
Write-offs (3) – – (3)
Exchange differences 6 – – 6
At 30 June 2024 171 –1 11 182
1 Less than RM1 million.
2023
Trade
receivables
Rebates from
principals
Other
receivables Total
As at 1 July 2022 123 3 74 200
Impairment losses 84 2 1 87
Reversal of impairment losses (57) – (3) (60)
Write-offs (9) – (66) (75)
Exchange differences 5 – – 5
At 30 June 2023 146 5 6 157
 Details of the credit risk exposure are disclosed in Note 49(c).
 The Group also has a risk sharing arrangement with a third party leasing company which is a member of our 
principal vendor, in connection with the sale of its equipment. Details of the arrangement are disclosed in Note 
50(a). An amount of RM6 million (2023: RM11 million) has been provided for based on a percentage of risk 
sharing ratio over the total outstanding lease portfolio (see Note 44).
Annual Report 2024
PG. 190
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 193 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a. Financial Risk Management (continued)
iv. Liquidity and cash flow risk
 Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Group or the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting their financial 
obligations when they fall due.
 The Group maintains a prudent borrowing policy which is aimed towards maintaining sufficient cash for all cash 
flow requirements, managing debt and investment portfolio within the relevant time buckets to maturity, 
obtaining a diverse range of funding sources, and keeping an adequate amount of credit facilities to provide 
ample liquidity cushion.
 As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s total cash and cash equivalents was RM2,776 million (2023: RM2,938 million) 
which includes cash in hand and deposits held at call with banks, net of bank overdrafts, deposits with maturity 
of more than 3 months and deposits restricted by banks. It is also inclusive of cash and cash equivalents under 
disposal group of RM260 million (2023: Nil). As at 30 June 2024, the Company had total cash and cash equivalents 
of RM50 million (2023: RM85 million).
 The Group believes that its contractual obligations, including those disclosed in commitments and contingencies 
in Notes 49(d) and 50 respectively, can be met from existing cash and investments, operating cash flows, credit 
lines available and other financing that the Group reasonably expects to be able to secure should the need arise.
b. Capital Management
 The Group’s capital management objectives are to ensure the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and 
maximise shareholders’ value. The Group is committed towards optimising its capital structure and ensuring a 
competitive cost of capital. Implementation of an optimal capital structure includes balancing between debt and 
equity by putting in place appropriate dividend and financing policies which influence the level of debt and equity. 
The appropriate debt level is subject to the composition of the Group’s businesses, business cycle and economic 
conditions.
i. Gearing ratios
 The gearing ratios used to assess the appropriateness of the Group’s debt level are set out below.
 Ratio 1 is calculated as Total Debt divided by Total Equity.
2024 2023
Borrowings [Note 40] 10,440 5,857
Lease liabilities (2024: including lease liabilities of RM1 million under 
disposal group, 2023: Nil) 2,772 2,597
Total Debt 13,212 8,454
Total Equity 23,358 17,283
Total Debt/Equity ratio 0.57 0.49
PG. 191
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 194 ----
5 FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)
b. Capital Management (continued)
i. Gearing ratios (continued)
 Ratio 2 is calculated as Total Debt divided by Adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation (“EBITDA”).
2024 2023
Total Debt 13,212 8,454
Operating profit from continuing operations 2,498 2,020
Add : Depreciation and amortisation [Note 7] 2,018 1,269
Less : Other gains [Note 12] (129) (214)
Adjusted EBITDA of continuing operations 4,387 3,075
Adjusted EBITDA of discontinuing/discontinued operations 54 21
Adjustment to annualise adjusted EBITDA of Cavpower and UMW 502 –
Adjustment to annualise adjusted EBITDA of Onsite – 325
Adjusted EBITDA 4,943 3,421
Debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio 2.67 2.47
ii. Externally imposed capital requirements
 The Group maintains a debt to equity ratio that complies with the applicable debt covenants as at 30 June 2024 
and 30 June 2023.
6 REVENUE
 Revenue comprise the following:
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Revenue from contracts with customers 65,753 47,190 – –
Revenue from other sources
– rental income 1,379 1,098 – –
– dividend income from subsidiaries – – 1,026 987
67,132 48,288 1,026 987
Annual Report 2024
PG. 192
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 195 ----
6 REVENUE (CONTINUED)
 Analysis of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers:
Industrial Motors UMW Others Total
2024
Segment revenue
Sale of equipment and vehicles 7,605 30,716 6,821 – 45,142
Sale of parts, assembly charges 
and provision of after-sales 
services 11,657 5,227 1,775 – 18,659
Manufacturing and engineering3 317 – 619 13 949
Commission, handling fees and 
others – 908 49 46 1,003
19,579 36,851 9,264 59 65,753
Geographical market
Malaysia 1,154 8,709 9,105 54 19,022
China1 2,393 15,056 22 – 17,471
Other countries in Asia 916 7,003 137 5 8,061
Australasia2 15,116 6,083 – – 21,199
19,579 36,851 9,264 59 65,753
Timing of revenue recognition
– at a point in time 14,779 31,892 9,263 38 55,972
– over time 4,800 4,959 1 21 9,781
19,579 36,851 9,264 59 65,753
1 China consists of Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
2 Australasia consists of Australia, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.
3 Renamed from engineering services previously to better reflect the composition of the revenue under this item following the acquisition of UMW.
PG. 193
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 196 ----
6 REVENUE (CONTINUED)
 Analysis of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers: (continued)
Industrial Motors Others Total
2023
Segment revenue
Sale of equipment and vehicles 6,788 26,077 – 32,865
Sale of parts, assembly charges and provision of 
after-sales services 8,827 4,566 – 13,393
Engineering services 282 – – 282
Commission, handling fees and others – 610 40 650
15,897 31,253 40 47,190
Geographical market
Malaysia 912 6,525 35 7,472
China1 2,539 14,527 – 17,066
Other countries in Asia 763 4,761 5 5,529
Australasia2 11,683 5,440 – 17,123
15,897 31,253 40 47,190
Timing of revenue recognition
– at a point in time 12,528 26,982 27 39,537
– over time 3,369 4,271 13 7,653
15,897 31,253 40 47,190
1 China consists of Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
2 Australasia consists of Australia, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.
 Revenue from contracts with customer of the Group includes RM2,434 million (2023: RM1,903 million) that was included 
in contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period.
 The Group generates rental revenue mainly from leasing of equipment and motor vehicles. It also receives rental income 
from the leasing of certain properties. The following table sets out the maturity analysis of lease receipts of the Group, 
showing the undiscounted lease payments to be received after the reporting date and includes operating lease income 
recognised as other operating income (Note 10):
Group
2024 2023
Within 1 year 898 692
Between 1-2 years 318 231
Between 2-3 years 126 82
Between 3-4 years 58 35
Between 4-5 years 33 12
After 5 years 68 4
Total undiscounted lease receipts 1,501 1,056
 Included in revenue is RM146 million (2023: RM189 million) arising from subleasing of right-of-use assets.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 194
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 197 ----
7 OPERATING EXPENSES
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Direct costs
Finished goods, work in progress and other direct 
overheads 53,983 39,077 – –
Inventory write-down and provision [Note 31] 279 213 – –
Raw materials and consumables 1,779 749 – –
Engineering contract costs 115 81 – –
56,156 40,120 – –
Directors and employees costs
Salaries, fees, allowances, overtime and bonus4,506 3,529 4 4
Defined contribution pension plans 376 276 – –
Termination benefits 15 9 – –
Performance-based employee share scheme – –1 – –
Training, insurance and other benefits 1,222 995 – –
6,119 4,809 4 4
Depreciation and amortisation
Amortisation:
– intangible assets 121 83 – –
Depreciation:
– property, plant and equipment 1,275 723 – –
– right-of-use assets 598 456 –1 –1
– investment properties 24 7 – –
2,018 1,269 –1 –1
Leases
Short-term leases 166 97 –1 –1
Lease of low-value assets 9 12 – –
175 109 –1 –1
General expenses
Auditors’ remuneration [Note 9] 37 29 2 1
Management fee charged by a subsidiary – – 50 58
Other expenses 686 532 5 3
723 561 57 62
65,191 46,868 61 66
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 195
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 198 ----
8 DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Executive Director 
Emoluments and benefits 6 5 – –
Defined contribution pension plans 1 1 – –
Performance-based employee share scheme – –1 – –
7 6 – –
Non-Executive Directors
Fees and benefits 4 4 4 4
11 10 4 4
1 Less than RM1 million.
 Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind of the Executive Director amounted to RM0.03 million (2023: less than 
RM0.01 million) for the Group. Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind of Non-Executive Directors amounted to 
RM0.03 million (2023: RM0.02 million).
 During the financial year, the Group sold vehicles to Directors and their close family members for RM0.5 million (2023: 
RM0.7 million) at prices not lower than that offered to employees.
 Other than as disclosed above, there were no compensation to Directors for loss of office, no loans, quasi-loans and other 
dealings in favour of Directors and no material contracts subsisting as at 30 June 2024 or if not then subsisting, entered 
into since the end of the previous financial year by the Company or its subsidiaries which involved the interests of 
Directors.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 196
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 199 ----
9 AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Fees for statutory audits 
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT Malaysia 6 4 1 1
Member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
International Limited 22 19 – –
Other audit firms 2 –1 – –
30 23 1 1
Fees for assurance related services
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT Malaysia1 –1 1 –1
Member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
International Limited – – – –
1 –1 1 –1
Fees for non-audit services
PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT Malaysia 1 –1 – –
Member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers 
International Limited 5 6 – –
6 6 – –
37 29 2 1
1 Less than RM1 million.
 Non-audit services provided by the Company’s auditors and its member firms comprise tax related services and other 
advisory services. Non-audit services can be offered by the external auditors if there are efficiency and value added 
benefits to the Group, without compromising auditor independence.
10 OTHER OPERATING INCOME
Group
2024 2023
Dividend income from financial assets 144 194
Hire of plant and machinery 20 2
Operating lease income1 66 52
Government grant income 16 34
Sales of scrap 35 31
Forfeiture of customer deposits 26 17
Other miscellaneous income 143 83
450 413
1 Operating lease income is primarily from the leasing of properties by entities where their principal activity is not property leasing. The maturity analysis 
for operating lease income is included in Note 6.
PG. 197
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 200 ----
11 IMPAIRMENT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (NET)
Group
2024 2023
Receivables
– Impairment of receivables 109 87
– Reversal of impairment of receivables (87) (60)
22 27
12 OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
Group
2024 2023
Net foreign currency exchange gain/(loss):
– realised foreign exchange gain arising from repayment of net investments 45 29
– other foreign exchange loss (8) (5)
Fair value (loss)/gain:
– derivatives (16) 10
– financial assets at FVTPL 20 (5)
Gain on disposal of:
– property, plant and equipment 8 6
– right-of-use assets – 179
– investment properties 279 –
Loss on disposal of:
– property, plant and equipment (3) (6)
Impairment of: 
– property, plant and equipment (90) –
– right-of-use assets (46) –
– intangible assets (59) (1)
Net (loss)/gain on lease modifications/terminations (1) 7
129 214
Annual Report 2024
PG. 198
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 201 ----
13 JOINT VENTURES – GROUP
 The Group’s interest in joint ventures as at 30 June, their respective principal activities and countries of incorporation are 
disclosed in Note 51.
 The Group’s interest in joint ventures are as follows:
2024 2023
Total
Material
joint venture Others Total
Continuing operations
Share of results 17 – 12 12
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) 7 – (4) (4)
Fair value gain on loan to joint venture [Note a] 15 – – –
39 – 8 8
Discontinued operations
Share of results 45 57 – 57
Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income (2) 4 – 4
Share of total comprehensive income 82 61 8 69
Unquoted shares, at costs 91 595 11 606
Loan to joint venture [Note a] 16 – – –
Share of post-acquisition reserves 69 164 58 222
176 759 69 828
a. Loan to joint venture
 On 11 July 2023, the loan to a joint venture, Mine Energy Holdings Pty Ltd group (“MEH”), with a fair value of nil as 
at 30 June 2023, was restructured following the entry of a new shareholder in MEH. The Group’s equity interest in 
MEH remained at 50%. Part of the loan has been capitalised via subscription of new ordinary shares in MEH while the 
balance was restructured (with revised terms and unpaid interest waived). The loan to joint venture bear no interest 
for 36 months and is subject to market variable interest rates subsequent to that.
b. Material joint venture
 In the opinion of the Directors, there are no joint ventures that are material to the Group for the financial year ended 
30 June 2024. The material joint venture in the previous financial year was Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care Sdn Bhd 
group (“RSDH”), which was disposed during the year.
PG. 199
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 202 ----
13 JOINT VENTURES – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Material joint venture (continued)
 Summarised financial information
 The summarised statement of comprehensive income of the material joint venture is as follows:
2023
RSDH
Revenue 1,293
Depreciation and amortisation (120)
Profit before interest and tax 182
Interest income 1
Interest expense (18)
Profit before tax 165
Taxation (52)
Profit for the financial year 113
Non-controlling interests –
Profit attributable to joint venturers 113
Other comprehensive income 9
Total comprehensive income 122
Dividend received –
 The summarised statement of financial position of the material joint venture is as follows:
2023
RSDH
Non-current assets 1,620
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 62
Other current assets 269
331
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings (318)
Other non-current liabilities (112)
(430)
Current liabilities
Borrowings (5)
Other current liabilities (262) 
(267)
Net assets 1,254
 The summarised statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position reflect the amounts 
presented in the financial statements of the joint venture adjusted for fair value adjustments at date of acquisition.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 200
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 203 ----
13 JOINT VENTURES – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Material joint venture (continued)
 Reconciliation
 Reconciliation of the summarised financial information presented to the carrying amounts of the Group’s interest in 
the material joint venture is as follows:
2023
RSDH
Net assets
At 1 July 1,132
Total comprehensive income 122
At 30 June 1,254
Group’s interest (%) 50.0
Interest in joint venture 627
Goodwill1 132
Carrying amount at end of the financial year 759
1 Goodwill relates to the Group’s retained interest in RSDH following the disposal of the Group’s healthcare business in June 2013.
c. Commitments and contingent liabilities
 There are no commitments or contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the joint ventures.
14 ASSOCIATES – GROUP
 The Group’s interest in the associates as at 30 June, their respective principal activities and countries of incorporation are 
disclosed in Note 51.
 The Group’s interest in associates are as follows:
2024 2023
Material
associate Others Total Total
Share of results 199 44 243 52
Share of other comprehensive income –1 3 3 14
Share of total comprehensive income 199 47 246 66
Unquoted shares, at costs 2,340 488 2,828 175
Share of post-acquisition reserves 37 194 231 175
Unrealised profit on transactions with associates – (2) (2) (2)
Impairment losses – (1) (1) (1)
2,377 679 3,056 347
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 201
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 204 ----
14 ASSOCIATES – GROUP (CONTINUED)
a. Material associate
 In the opinion of the Board of Directors, the associate that is material to the Group is:
Name of associate Description
Perusahaan Otomobil Kedua Sdn. 
Bhd. (“Perodua”)
The Perodua group, including its associates, are principally involved in the 
manufacture, assembly and distribution of motor vehicles and parts and 
other related activities.
 During the year, the Group completed the acquisition of UMW and as a result, Perodua (an associate of UMW) became 
an associate of the Group. Refer to Note 45 for further details.
 Summarised financial information
 The summarised statement of comprehensive income of the material associate is as follows:
2024
Perodua
Revenue 10,638
Depreciation and amortisation (51)
Share of results of associates 268
Profit before interest and tax 565
Interest income 30
Interest expense (2)
Profit before tax 593
Taxation (67)
Profit for the financial year 526
Non-controlling interests (2)
Profit attributable to owners of the associate 524
Other comprehensive income –1
Total comprehensive income 524
Dividend received –
1 Less than RM1 million.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 202
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 205 ----
14 ASSOCIATES – GROUP (CONTINUED)
a. Material associate (continued)
 Summarised financial information (continued)
 The summarised statement of financial position of the material associate is as follows:
2024
Perodua
Non-current assets 5,096
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 1,821
Other current assets 897
2,718
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities excluding payables (104)
Other liabilities (20)
(124)
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities excluding payables (32)
Other current liabilities (1,363)
(1,395)
Net assets 6,295
Less: non-controlling interests (41)
Net assets attributable to owners of the associate 6,254
 Reconciliation
 Reconciliation of the summarised financial information presented to the carrying amounts of the Group’s interest in 
the material associate is as follows:
2024
Perodua
Net assets attributable to owners of the associate
At acquisition date 6,156
Dividend (426)
Total comprehensive income 524
At 30 June 6,254
Group’s interest (%) 38.0
Interest in associate representing carrying amount at end of the financial year 2,377
Note: The dividend declared by Perodua during the financial year was paid after 30 June 2024.
PG. 203
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 206 ----
14 ASSOCIATES – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Commitments and contingent liabilities
 There are no commitments or contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the associates.
15 FINANCE INCOME
Group
2024 2023
Interest income from:
– banks and other financial institutions 102 39
– discontinued operations – 41
– other interest income 3 2
Islamic profit distribution 20 12
125 57
Accretion of discount on receivables 17 13
142 70
1 Eliminated at Group (combined continuing and discontinued operations).
 The Company’s finance income of RM2 million in the financial year was mainly from financial guarantee in respect of the 
Sukuk Murabahah programme (refer also to Note 40) of a subsidiary. Finance income from banks and other financial 
institutions amounted to less than RM1 million (2023: finance income from banks and other financial institutions – less than 
RM1 million).
16 FINANCE COSTS
Group
2024 2023
Interest expense payable to banks and other financial institutions 387 184
Islamic financing distribution payment 129 7
Interest on borrowings 516 191
Interest expense on leases 132 98
Interest on payables and others 76 46
Total finance costs 724 335
Interest capitalised in property, plant and equipment (5) (2)
Net finance costs 719 333
 The Company’s finance costs of RM3 million in the current financial year arose from the financial guarantee in respect of 
the Sukuk Murabahah programme of a subsidiary and leases (2023: finance costs for leases - less than RM1 million).
Annual Report 2024
PG. 204
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 207 ----
17 TAXATION
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Income tax:
In respect of current year
– Malaysian income tax 230 89 –1 –1
– foreign income tax 462 283 – –
In respect of prior years
– Malaysian income tax 7 9 –1 –1
– foreign income tax 6 33 – –
Total income tax 705 414 –1 –1
Deferred tax: 
– origination and reversal of temporary 
differences (104) 90 –1 –1
– deferred tax adjustment due to change in tax 
legislation in New Zealand 26 – – –
– deferred tax on unremitted earnings 76 (1) – –
– effects of recognition of previously 
unrecognised temporary differences and 
temporary differences not recognised (5) (19) – –
Total deferred tax (7) 70 –1 –1
Total tax expense 698 484 –1 –1
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 205
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 208 ----
17 TAXATION (CONTINUED)
 Tax reconciliation
 Reconciliation from tax at applicable tax rate to tax expense is as follows:
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Profit before tax 2,181 1,821 964 921
Less: Share of results of joint ventures (17) (12) – –
 Share of results of associates (243) (52) – –
1,921 1,757 964 921
Applicable tax 494 437 231 221
Withholding tax and additional tax on foreign 
income 29 23 – –
Effects of tax incentives and non-taxable income:
– non-taxable dividends (35) (47) (246) (237)
– tax incentives and other income (38) (37) – –
Effects of non-deductible expenses 176 84 15 16
Effects of real property gains tax (39) – – –
Effects of income subject to different tax rates 1 2 – –
Effects of deferred tax on unremitted earnings 76 (1) – –
Effects of deferred tax adjustment on change in tax 
legislation in New Zealand 26 – – –
Effects of deferred tax assets not recognised and 
previously unrecognised deferred taxes (5) (19) – –
Under provision in prior years 13 42 – –
Tax expense for the financial year 698 484 –1 –1
Applicable tax rate (%) 25.7 24.9 24.0 24.0
Effective tax rate (%) 36.3 27.5 –2 –2
1 Less than RM1 million.
2 Less than 0.1%.
 The Group’s effective tax rate of 36.3% for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 was higher than the applicable tax rate 
of 25.7%, mainly due to the impact of deferred tax on unremitted earnings and non-deductible expenses.
 The Group’s effective tax rate of 27.5% for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 was higher than the applicable tax rate 
of 24.9%, mainly due to the impact of non-deductible expenses, deferred tax not recognised for certain tax losses, 
withholding taxes and adjustments to tax expense relating to prior years, partly offset by non-taxable income and dividend 
income.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 206
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 209 ----
17 TAXATION (CONTINUED)
 The Group and the Company are within the scope of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(“OECD”) Pillar Two model rules whereby top-up tax on profits is required in any jurisdiction in which it operates, calculated 
at the jurisdictional level, when the effective tax rate is lower than the minimum effective tax rate of 15%.
 Malaysia and New Zealand will be implementing the Pillar Two model rules effective 1 January 2025. Some foreign 
jurisdictions where the Group operates in (i.e. Vietnam, South Korea and Japan) have implemented Pillar Two model rules 
in 2024.
 The Group and the Company have applied the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax 
related to Pillar Two income taxes as permitted by MFRS 112. Due to the complexities in applying the legislation and 
calculating the Global Anti-Base Erosion income, the Group has yet to reasonably estimate the impact for those jurisdictions 
where the legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted.
18 DISCONTINUING/DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
 The discontinuing/discontinued operations of the Group consist UKHE (defined in Note 1), RSDH (defined in Note 1) and 
Logistics (Note 18(c)).
a. UKHE – subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view for resale
 On 13 December 2023, the Group completed the acquisition of an approximately 61.2% equity interest in UMW. As 
the Group deemed that the UKHE group’s business involving the importation and distribution of heavy equipment 
under the Komatsu brand (“Komatsu Business”) as a business which directly competes with the Group’s Caterpillar 
brand of products, the Group plans to divest the UKHE group within 12 months following the completion of the 
acquisition of UMW.
 The Group has entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Komatsu Ltd to divest the Group’s entire equity 
interest in the UKHE group (refer to Note 52). As the UKHE group is deemed to be a group of subsidiaries acquired 
exclusively with a view for resale, its results and cashflows have been presented as discontinuing operations in the 
financial statements of the Group.
 The results of the UKHE group is summarised as below:
Statement of Profit or Loss and Comprehensive Income
Loss for the financial year (6)
Other comprehensive income for the financial year 1
Total comprehensive loss for the financial year (5)
 The Group performed an impairment assessment of the UKHE group based on the fair value less costs to sell model 
during the financial year ended 30 June 2024. The review led to an impairment of RM45 million.
 Disclosure of further analysis on the results and cash flow information of the UKHE group is not required in accordance 
with MFRS 5.
b. RSDH
 On 28 December 2023, the Group completed the disposal of its entire 50% equity interest in RSDH. As this transaction 
resulted in the Group’s exit from the healthcare business, the results of RSDH for the current year and previous 
financial years have been presented as discontinued operations in the financial statements of the Group
PG. 207
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 210 ----
18 DISCONTINUING/DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)
c. Logistics
 On 7 November 2022, the Group completed the divestments of its entire equity interests in the following Weifang 
port companies (“Weifang port companies”):
1. Weifang Sime Darby Port Co., Ltd and its associate, Weifang Ocean Shipping Tally Co., Ltd
2. Weifang Sime Darby Logistics Services Co., Ltd
3. Weifang Sime Darby General Terminal Co., Ltd
4. Weifang Wei Gang Tugboat Services Co., Ltd
5. Weifang Sime Darby Liquid Terminal Co., Ltd
6. Weifang Sime Darby West Port Co., Ltd
7. Weifang Senda Container Service Provider Co., Ltd
 As this transaction resulted in the Group’s exit from the logistics business, the results and cash flows of the Logistics 
segment up to the completion date have been presented as discontinued operations in the financial statements of the 
Group.
 Analysis of the results of the discontinued operations is as follows:
2024 2023
RSDH Logistics RSDH Total
Statement of Profit or Loss
Revenue – 58 – 58
Operating expenses – (40) – (40)
Other operating income – 3 – 3
Other gains and losses 2,007 91 – 91
Operating profit 2,007 112 – 112
Share of results of associate and joint ventures 45 –1 57 57
Profit before interest and tax 2,052 112 57 169
Finance income – 6 – 6
Finance costs – (4) – (4)
Profit before tax 2,052 114 57 171
Taxation – 4 – 4
Profit for the financial year 2,052 118 57 175
Profit for the financial year attributable to owners 
of the:
– the Company 2,052 118 57 175
– non-controlling interests – – – –
2,052 118 57 175
1 Less than RM1 million. Includes impairment of Weifang Sime Darby Liquid Terminal Co., Ltd. (“WSDLT”) of RM1 million and reversal of impairment 
of Weifang Sime Darby West Port Co., Ltd. (“WSDWP”) of RM1 million.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 208
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 211 ----
18 DISCONTINUING/DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)
 Significant operating expenses and other gains and losses of the discontinued operations are as follows:
2024 2023
RSDH Logistics
Operating expenses
Employee costs – 17
Stevedoring and transportation expenses – 13
Other gains and (losses)
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries – 141
Gain on disposal of joint ventures 2,007 6
Fair value gain on financial assets at FVTPL – 2
Foreign exchange loss – (17)
Impairment of property, plant and equipment – (41)
 In the prior year, the Group performed impairment assessments of the Weifang port companies based on the fair value less 
costs to sell model. The review led to an impairment of property, plant and equipment of RM41 million, an impairment of 
RM1 million for the investment in WSDLT and a reversal of impairment of RM1 million for the investment in WSDWP.
PG. 209
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 212 ----
18 DISCONTINUING/DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)
 Analysis of comprehensive income and cash flow information of the discontinued operations are as follows:
2024 2023
RSDH Logistics RSDH Total
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Profit for the financial year 2,052 118 57 175
Other comprehensive income/(loss):
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss
Currency translation differences – 27 – 27
Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of 
joint ventures (6) 1 4 5
(6) 28 4 32
Reclassified to profit or loss:
Currency translation differences on:
– disposal of subsidiaries – (123) – (123)
– disposal of joint ventures 5 – – –
(1) (95) 4 (91)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss
Actuarial loss on defined benefit pension plans (1) – – –
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the 
financial year (2) (95) 4 (91)
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 2,050 23 61 84
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 
attributable to owners of:
– the Company 2,050 23 61 84
– non-controlling interests – – – –
2,050 23 61 84
Statement of Cash Flows
Net cash used in operating activities – (18)
Net cash from investing activities 1 2,810 1,319
Net cash used in financing activities – (4)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 2,810 1,297
1 Includes net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiaries and joint ventures.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 210
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 213 ----
19 DIVIDENDS PAID IN CASH
Group/Company
2024 2023
Second interim dividend of 10.0 sen per share for the financial year ended 30 June 
2023, paid on 29 September 2023 (2023: 7.5 sen per share, paid on 30 September 
2022) 682 511
First interim dividend of 3.0 sen per share for the financial year ended 30 June 2024, 
paid on 27 March 2024 (2023: 3.0 sen per share, paid on 31 March 2023) 204 204
886 715
 The Board of Directors had on 27 August 2024 declared a second interim dividend of 10.0 sen per ordinary share (amounting 
to RM682 million) in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2024. The dividend will be paid on 30 September 2024.
20 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) – GROUP
 Other comprehensive income/(loss) and the tax effects are analysed as follows:
2024
Attributable to owners of the Company
Hedging
reserve
Exchange
reserve
Retained
profits Total
Non-
controlling
interests Total
Tax
effects
Net
of tax
Currency translation differences – 56 – 56 (20) 36 – 36
Net change in fair value of cash 
flow hedges (9) – – (9) – (9) 3 (6)
Share of other comprehensive 
income of joint ventures and 
associates 5 5 – 10 – 10 – 10
Reclassified to profit or loss:
– currency translation 
differences on repayment 
of net investments– (45) – (45) – (45) – (45)
Reclassification of changes in fair 
value of cash flow hedges to 
inventories 17 – – 17 – 17 (5) 12
Actuarial loss on defined benefit 
pension plans – – (–)1 (–)1 – (–)1 – (–)1
Other comprehensive income/
(loss) before tax 13 16 (–)1 29 (20) 9 (2) 7
Taxation (2) – – (2) – (2)
Other comprehensive income/
(loss) from continuing 
operations 11 16 (–)1 27 (20) 7
Other comprehensive income/
(loss) from discontinued 
operations – –1 (1) (1) – (1)
Total other comprehensive 
income/(loss) after tax 11 16 (1) 26 (20) 6
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 211
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 214 ----
20 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) – GROUP (CONTINUED)
 Other comprehensive income/(loss) and the tax effects are analysed as follows: (continued)
2023
Attributable to owners of the Company
Hedging
reserve
Exchange
reserve
Retained
profits Total
Non-
controlling
interests Total
Tax
effects
Net
of tax
Currency translation differences – 291 – 291 (1) 290 – 290
Net change in fair value of cash 
flow hedges (11) – – (11) – (11) 2 (9)
Share of other comprehensive 
(loss)/income of joint ventures 
and associates (4) 14 – 10 – 10 – 10
Reclassified to profit or loss:
– currency translation 
differences on repayment of 
net investments– (29) – (29) – (29) – (29)
Reclassification of changes in fair 
value of cash flow hedges to 
inventories 14 – – 14 – 14 (3) 11
Actuarial loss on defined benefit 
pension plans – – (8) (8) – (8) – (8)
Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
before tax (1) 276 (8) 267 (1) 266 (1) 265
Taxation (1) – – (1) – (1)
Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
from continuing operations (2) 276 (8) 266 (1) 265
Other comprehensive loss from 
discontinued operations – (91) – (91) – (91)
Total other comprehensive  
(loss)/income after tax (2) 185 (8) 175 (1) 174
Annual Report 2024
PG. 212
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 215 ----
21 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT – GROUP
Freehold
land Buildings
Plant and
machinery
Rental
assets
Vehicles,
equipment
and
fixtures
Capital
work in
progress Total
2024
At 1 July 2023 545 2,474 367 3,391 849 364 7,990
Acquisition of subsidiaries 859 1,225 762 603 152 149 3,750
Additions 21 64 119 1,635 385 418 2,642
Disposals – – (15) – (23) (1) (39)
Reclassification – 88 103 (19) 191 (363) –
Depreciation – (132) (165) (712) (266) – (1,275)
Impairment losses – (27) (8) – (55) – (90)
Exchange differences 6 15 4 36 9 2 72
Transfer to:
– investment properties – (28) – – – – (28)
– inventories – – – (415) – – (415)
– finance lease receivables – – – – – (14) (14)
– disposal groups – – (1) (47) (1) (2) (51)
At 30 June 2024 1,431 3,679 1,166 4,472 1,241 553 12,542
Cost 1,431 4,941 2,055 5,556 2,750 553 17,286
Accumulated depreciation – (1,204) (873) (1,082) (1,441) – (4,600)
Accumulated impairment losses – (58) (16) (2) (68) – (144)
Carrying amount at end of the 
financial year 1,431 3,679 1,166 4,472 1,241 553 12,542
2023
At 1 July 2022 520 2,364 303 1,606 680 267 5,740
Acquisition of subsidiaries and 
business – 9 3 1,199 11 – 1,222
Additions 13 130 62 1,302 263 299 2,069
Disposals – (3) (4) – (32) (16) (55)
Reclassification – 16 65 8 103 (192) –
Depreciation – (99) (68) (371) (185) – (723)
Exchange differences 12 57 6 116 9 9 209
Transfer to:
– inventories – – – (469) – – (469)
– finance lease receivables – – – – – (3) (3)
At 30 June 2023 545 2,474 367 3,391 849 364 7,990
Cost 545 3,616 1,069 4,140 2,102 364 11,836
Accumulated depreciation – (1,103) (694) (741) (1,249) – (3,787)
Accumulated impairment losses – (39) (8) (8) (4) – (59)
Carrying amount at end of the 
financial year 545 2,474 367 3,391 849 364 7,990
PG. 213
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 216 ----
21 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT – GROUP (CONTINUED)
At 1 July 2022
Freehold
land Buildings
Plant and
machinery
Rental
assets
Vehicles,
equipment
and
fixtures
Capital
work in
progress Total
Cost 520 3,411 952 2,221 1,786 267 9,157
Accumulated depreciation – (1,008) (641) (607) (1,102) – (3,358)
Accumulated impairment losses – (39) (8) (8) (4) – (59)
Carrying amount 520 2,364 303 1,606 680 267 5,740
a. Capital work in progress
 RM5 million of interest expense was capitalised during the financial year ended 30 June 2024 (2023: RM2 million).
b. Assets pledged as security
 Property, plant and equipment with a total carrying amount of RM62 million (2023: RM66 million) were pledged as 
security for borrowings (see Note 40).
c. Impairment losses
 During the financial year, certain subsidiaries carried out a review of the recoverable amount of its property, plant and 
equipment. The review led to the recognition of an impairment of RM90 million (2023: Nil).
 Impairment losses of Motors segment’s Mainland China operations
 As a result of the deterioration in the financial performance of the operations mainly due to the intense competition 
and unfavourable market conditions, certain subsidiaries in Mainland China have carried out impairment assessments 
of their cash-generating units (“CGUs”). This has resulted in impairment losses recognised for property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets of RM49 million and RM16 million respectively. The recoverable amounts of the 
CGUs were determined based on the value-in-use (“VIU”) model based on the five year budget projections. A key 
assumption used in the VIU calculations was the discount rate of 10%.
 Based on sensitivity analysis performed and assuming all else remained constant, an increase in the discount rate by 
1% would result in additional impairment losses for property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of RM1 
million and RM6 million respectively.
d. Reconciliation to the statements of cash flows
 Reconciliation to the cash flow for purchase of property, plant and equipment is as follows:
2024 2023
Additions for the financial year 2,642 2,069
Add/(Less):
Net changes in payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment 6 (9)
Net changes in prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment (5) 2
Additions to rental assets, included as changes in working capital in the 
statements of cash flows (1,635) (1,302)
Interest expense capitalised in capital work in progress (5) (2)
Total cash payments during the financial year 1,003 758
Annual Report 2024
PG. 214
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 217 ----
22 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS – GROUP
Leasehold
land Buildings
Vehicles,
equipment
and
fixtures
Rental
assets Total
2024
At 1 July 2023 681 1,730 136 122 2,669
Acquisition of subsidiaries 509 110 8 – 627
Additions 88 321 80 203 692
Terminations/modifications 16 (2) 10 (6) 18
Impairment losses (26) (20) – – (46)
Depreciation (71) (340) (71) (116) (598)
Sublease arrangement – (3) – – (3)
Exchange differences 1 6 1 5 13
At 30 June 2024 1,198 1,802 164 208 3,372
Cost 1,700 2,768 348 360 5,176
Accumulated depreciation (372) (946) (184) (152) (1,654)
Accumulated impairment losses (130) (20) – – (150)
Carrying amount at end of the financial year 1,198 1,802 164 208 3,372
2023
At 1 July 2022 498 1,407 82 99 2,086
Acquisition of subsidiaries and business – 139 21 – 160
Additions 161 452 81 130 824
Disposals (–)1 – – – (–)1
Terminations/modifications 45 (9) 10 (4) 42
Depreciation (50) (259) (61) (86) (456)
Reclassification from receivables – 2 – – 2
Sublease arrangement – (22) – (20) (42)
Exchange differences 27 20 3 3 53
At 30 June 2023 681 1,730 136 122 2,669
Cost 1,091 2,420 303 233 4,047
Accumulated depreciation (305) (690) (167) (111) (1,273)
Accumulated impairment losses (105) – – – (105)
Carrying amount at end of the financial year 681 1,730 136 122 2,669
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 215
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 218 ----
22 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS – GROUP (CONTINUED)
At 1 July 2022
Leasehold
land Buildings
Vehicles,
equipment
and
fixtures
Rental
assets Total
Cost 852 1,949 204 267 3,272
Accumulated depreciation (258) (542) (122) (168) (1,090)
Accumulated impairment losses (96) – – – (96)
Carrying amount 498 1,407 82 99 2,086
 The Company’s ROU assets during the financial year ended 30 June 2024 comprise of vehicles leased from a subsidiary with 
carrying amount of RM1 million.
a. Impairment losses
 During the financial year, certain subsidiaries carried out reviews of the recoverable amounts of their right-of-use 
assets. The review led to the recognition of an impairment of RM46 million (2023: Nil). RM26 million relates to 
additional impairment recognised for land held by a subsidiary in Hong Kong in the Motors segment (see below for 
further details). The remaining impairments mainly relate to the impairment losses of Motors segment’s Mainland 
China operations as explained in Note 21(c).
 Impairment recognised for land held by a subsidiary in Hong Kong in the Motors segment
 The land had been impaired in previous years and the impairment losses recognised in the previous financial years 
were due to the change in intended use of the land amidst restrictions on development of the land. Development of 
the land has not commenced.
 In the current financial year, management has performed an impairment assessment on the said land based on the 
latest developments and information. The recoverable amount was determined by an independent professional valuer 
using the Market Approach where reference is made to recent sales information which was available in the market, 
with appropriate adjustments to reflect the differences in the characteristics such as time, location, accessibility, size 
and other material factors. This has resulted in additional impairment losses of RM26 million recognised during the 
year.
 For the impairment assessment in the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the recoverable amount was determined by 
an independent professional valuer on the basis of investment value using the residual method for commercial land 
(value-in-use approach).
 The key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 were as follows:
• The development parameters can be developed strictly in accordance with the plans and specifications provided 
without any further revisions and amendments;
• The lease modification of relevant portion of the property has been approved by the Lands Department; and
• For the purpose of assessing the gross development value and investment value, the Group has adopted the 
maximum roofed area. For the remaining agricultural lots of the property, it is assumed that the site areas are true 
and correct, fit for valuation purposes, and from reliable sources.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 216
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 219 ----
23 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES – GROUP
Freehold
land
Leasehold
land Buildings Total
2024
At 1 July 2023 42 24 192 258
Acquisition of subsidiaries 211 57 108 376
Additions – – 1 1
Depreciation – (2) (22) (24)
Transfer from property, plant and equipment – – 28 28
Transfer to assets held for sale (1) – – (1)
At 30 June 2024 252 79 307 638
Cost 252 95 393 740
Accumulated depreciation – (16) (86) (102)
Accumulated impairment losses – – (–)1 (–)1
Carrying amount at end of the financial year 252 79 307 638
2023
At 1 July 2022 44 25 198 267
Depreciation – (1) (6) (7)
Transfer to assets held for sale (2) – – (2)
At 30 June 2023 42 24 192 258
Cost 42 38 254 334
Accumulated depreciation – (14) (61) (75)
Accumulated impairment losses – – (1) (1)
Carrying amount at end of the financial year 42 24 192 258
At 1 July 2022
Cost 44 38 254 336
Accumulated depreciation – (13) (55) (68)
Accumulated impairment losses – – (1) (1)
Carrying amount 44 25 198 267
1 Less than RM1 million.
 The fair value of investment properties as at 30 June 2024 was RM2,383 million (2023: RM2,030 million). The fair value was 
arrived at after taking into consideration the valuation performed by external professional firms. The fair value is 
categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The most significant input in the approach adopted by the valuer is price 
per square foot.
 Rental income generated from and direct operating expenses incurred on income generating investment properties are as 
follows:
2024 2023
Rental income 27 21
Direct operating expenses (11) (4)
PG. 217
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 220 ----
24 INTANGIBLE ASSETS – GROUP
2024
Acquired
Total
Internally
generated
assets1
Total
intangible
assetsGoodwill
Distribution/
dealership
rights
Computer
software
Customer
relationships,
trademarks
and others
At 1 July 2023 820 976 78 217 2,091 215 2,306
Acquisition of 
subsidiaries 603 371 3 243 1,220 1 1,221
Additions – – 22 – 22 – 22
Amortisation – – (24) (40) (64) (57) (121)
Impairment losses (57) (2) – – (59) – (59)
Exchange 
differences 51 (46) 1 13 19 (1) 18
At 30 June 2024 1,417 1,299 80 433 3,229 158 3,387
Cost 1,648 1,301 177 506 3,632 596 4,228
Accumulated 
amortisation – – (97) (72) (169) (438) (607)
Accumulated 
impairment 
losses (231) (2) – (1) (234) – (234)
Carrying amount at 
end of the 
financial year 1,417 1,299 80 433 3,229 158 3,387
1 Internally generated assets consist of computer software and development costs.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 218
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 221 ----
24 INTANGIBLE ASSETS – GROUP (CONTINUED)
2023
Acquired
Total
Internally
generated
assets1
Total
intangible
assetsGoodwill
Distribution/
dealership
rights
Computer
software
Customer
relationships,
trademarks
and others
At 1 July 2022 274 902 69 38 1,283 269 1,552
Acquisition of 
subsidiaries and 
business 513 49 7 180 749 – 749
Additions – – 19 – 19 – 19
Amortisation – – (16) (10) (26) (57) (83)
Impairment losses (1) – – – (1) – (1)
Exchange 
differences 34 25 (1) 9 67 3 70
At 30 June 2023 820 976 78 217 2,091 215 2,306
Cost 994 976 153 254 2,377 591 2,968
Accumulated 
amortisation – – (75) (36) (111) (376) (487)
Accumulated 
impairment losses (174) – – (1) (175) – (175)
Carrying amount at 
end of the 
financial year 820 976 78 217 2,091 215 2,306
1 Internally generated assets consist of computer software and development costs.
At 1 July 2022
Acquired
Total
Internally
generated
assets1
Total
intangible
assetsGoodwill
Distribution/
dealership
rights
Computer
software
Customer
relationships,
trademarks
and others
Cost 443 902 130 64 1,539 579 2,118
Accumulated 
amortisation – – (61) (25) (86) (310) (396)
Accumulated 
impairment losses (169) – – (1) (170) – (170)
Carrying amount 274 902 69 38 1,283 269 1,552
1 Internally generated assets consist of computer software and development costs.
PG. 219
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 222 ----
24 INTANGIBLE ASSETS – GROUP (CONTINUED)
a. Material intangible assets
 In the opinion of the Board of Directors, intangible assets and their carrying amounts which are material to the Group 
are as follows:
Segment Investment Intangible asset
Carrying amount
2024 2023
Industrial Heavy equipment business Goodwill 43 43
Distribution rights 747 743
Chroming business Goodwill 107 106
Onsite Rental Goodwill 542 536
Customer relationships 167 184
Cavpower Goodwill 604 –
Customer relationships 228 –
New enterprise resource 
planning system
Computer software 159 215
Motors Australia Goodwill 7 50
Dealership rights 159 158
UMW UMW Goodwill 19 –
Distribution rights 371 –
 Goodwill, distribution rights, dealership rights and customer relationships
 The goodwill and the distribution rights for the heavy equipment business arose from the acquisition of the Bucyrus 
distribution business in the Industrial Division’s dealerships.
 The chroming business goodwill arose from the acquisition of the Heavy Maintenance group in the Industrial segment.
 The Onsite Rental goodwill and customer relationships arose from the acquisition of the Onsite Rental Group Limited 
in the Industrial segment.
 The Cavpower goodwill and customer relationships arose from the acquisition of the Cavpower group in the Industrial 
segment.
 The goodwill and dealership rights for the Motors segment are in respect of the dealership rights in Brisbane and 
Sydney, Australia.
 The goodwill and distribution rights for the UMW segment are in respect of the automotive distribution rights in 
Malaysia.
 Computer software
 The internally generated computer software is in relation to the enterprise resource planning system which was 
developed for the Industrial Division and has been rolled out to all its dealerships in the different regions.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 220
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 223 ----
24 INTANGIBLE ASSETS – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
 Goodwill and distribution/dealership rights are intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. These assets are not 
amortised as they are not confined to a predetermined service period and they are expected to contribute to net cash 
inflows indefinitely, but are tested for impairment annually, either individually or at the cash-generating unit (“CGU”) 
level.
 Heavy equipment goodwill and distribution rights
 The recoverable amounts of the CGUs were determined based on the CGUs’ value-in-use (“VIU”) model, determined 
using the discounted cash flow projections based on the five year budget projections for the heavy equipment 
business of the Industrial operations in Australasia (defined in Note 6) that were included in the Group Budget 
approved by the Board of Directors (“Board”). Most of the distribution rights and goodwill have been allocated to 
Australia. The key assumptions used in the impairment assessment for Australia are as follows:
2024 2023
Discount rates (%) per annum 9.0 9.0
Range of forecast growth rates (%):
– revenue (3) – 4 (3) – 2
– earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”) (8) – 7 (8) – 5
– terminal 2.5 2.5
 Based on management’s assessment, no impairment charge is required on the carrying value of the goodwill and 
distribution rights for the heavy equipment business of the Industrial operations in Australasia. Management believes 
that there is no reasonable possible change in any key assumption that would cause the carrying amounts of the CGUs 
to materially exceed the recoverable amounts.
 Chroming business goodwill
 The recoverable amount of the CGU was determined based on the CGU’s VIU model, determined using the discounted 
cash flow projections based on the five year budget projections for the chroming business of the Industrial operations 
in Australia that were included in the Group Budget approved by the Board. The key assumptions used in the 
impairment assessment for the chroming business in Australia are as follows:
2024 2023
Discount rates (%) per annum 10.5 10.5
Range of forecast growth rates (%):
– revenue 2 – 5 5 – 11
– EBITDA 5 – 17 (17) – 24
– terminal 2.5 2.5
 Based on management’s assessment, no impairment charge is required on the carrying value of the goodwill of the 
chroming business of the Industrial operations in Australia. Management believes that there is no reasonable possible 
change in any key assumption that would cause the carrying amount of the CGU to materially exceed the recoverable 
amount.
PG. 221
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 224 ----
24 INTANGIBLE ASSETS – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives (continued)
 Onsite Rental goodwill
 The recoverable amount of the CGU was determined based on the CGU’s VIU model, determined using the discounted 
cash flow projections over a period of ten years developed based on the five year budget projections that were 
included in the Group Budget approved by the Board. The key assumptions used in the impairment assessment are as 
follows:
2024 2023
Discount rates (%) per annum 11.0 11.0
Forecast growth rates (%):
– revenue 4 – 9 3.1
– terminal 2.4 2.5
 Based on management’s assessment, no impairment charge is required on the carrying value of the goodwill of Onsite 
Rental. Management believes that there is no reasonable possible change in any key assumption that would cause the 
carrying amount of the CGU to materially exceed the recoverable amounts.
 Cavpower goodwill
 The recoverable amount of the CGU was determined based on the CGU’s VIU model, determined using the discounted 
cash flow projections based on the five year budget projections that were included in the Group Budget approved by 
the Board. The key assumptions used in the impairment assessment are as follows:
2024
Discount rates (%) per annum 9.0
Forecast growth rates (%):
– revenue (average growth rate) 2.8
– terminal 2.5
 Based on management’s assessment, no impairment charge is required on the carrying value of the goodwill of 
Cavpower. Management believes that there is no reasonable possible change in any key assumption that would cause 
the carrying amount of the CGU to materially exceed the recoverable amount.
 Australia Motors goodwill and dealership rights – Brisbane operations
 The recoverable amount of the CGU was determined based on the VIU model, using five year budget projections that 
were included in the Group Budget approved by the Board. The key assumptions used for the impairment assessment 
are as follows:
2024 2023
Discount rates (%) per annum 12.0 12.0
Range of forecast growth rates (%):
– revenue 4 – 7 5 – 34
– terminal 2.5 2.5
 Arising from the assessment, an impairment loss of RM20 million (FY2023: Nil) was recognised mainly due to 
deterioration in margins from increasing competition. The Group has performed sensitivity analysis based on the 
following key assumption and the impact to the VIU is as follows:
Key assumption Sensitivity VIU is lower by
Terminal growth rate Lower by 0.5% 7
Annual Report 2024
PG. 222
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 225 ----
24 INTANGIBLE ASSETS – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives (continued)
 Australia Motors goodwill and dealership rights – Sydney operations
 The recoverable amount of the CGU was determined based on the VIU model, using five year budget projections that 
were included in the Group Budget approved by the Board. The key assumptions used for the impairment assessment 
are as follows:
2024 2023
Discount rates (%) per annum 12.1 12.0
Range of forecast growth rates (%):
– revenue 4 – 10 6 – 21
– terminal 2.5 2.5
 Arising from the assessment, an impairment loss of RM23 million (FY2023: Nil) was recognised mainly due to 
deterioration in margins from increasing competition. The Group has performed sensitivity analysis based on the 
following key assumption and the impact to the VIU is as follows:
Key assumption Sensitivity VIU is lower by
Terminal growth rate Lower by 0.5% 6
 UMW goodwill and distribution rights
 The recoverable amount of the CGU was determined based on the VIU model, using five year budget projections. The 
key assumptions used for the impairment assessment are as follows:
2024
Discount rates (%) per annum 15.5
Average forecast growth rates (%):
– revenue 9.4
– terminal 1.8
 Based on management’s assessment, no impairment charge is required on the carrying value of the goodwill and 
distribution rights of UMW. Management believes that there is no reasonable possible change in any key assumption 
that would cause the carrying amount of the CGU to materially exceed the recoverable amount.
 Remaining goodwill and distribution/dealership rights
 The remaining goodwill and distribution/dealership rights allocated to other CGUs amounted to RM95 million (2023: 
RM85 million) and RM22 million (2023: RM75 million) respectively. Based on impairment assessments performed by 
management, no further impairment was required for the current and previous financial years except for the 
impairment recognised during the year of RM14 million (2023: RM1 million) for goodwill and RM2 million (2023: Nil) 
for dealership rights.
c. Intangible assets with finite useful lives
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over their useful lives. The amortisation charge of continuing 
operations for the financial year of RM121 million (2023: RM83 million) was recorded in profit or loss.
PG. 223
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 226 ----
25 SUBSIDIARIES – COMPANY
 The Company’s equity interest in subsidiaries, their respective principal activities and countries of incorporation are 
disclosed in Note 51.
2024 2023
Unquoted shares at cost 8,738 8,000
Contribution to a subsidiary 887 887
9,625 8,887
 During the financial year, the Group undertook a restructuring of certain loans and advances between subsidiaries. As a 
result of this restructuring, the Company increased its investment in a subsidiary by RM738 million with a corresponding 
set-off against the amount due from Sime Darby Holdings Berhad (“SDHB”).
 Contribution to a subsidiary refers to amounts for which the Company does not expect repayment in the foreseeable future 
and is considered as part of the Company’s investment in the subsidiary.
26 AMOUNTS DUE FROM SUBSIDIARIES – COMPANY
2024 2023
Current 504 1,128
 The amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, non-interest bearing and mainly consist of advances to SDHB and 
dividend receivable of RM242 million (2023: RM242 million). The advances to SDHB of RM261 million (2023: RM885 
million) are classified as current as these amounts are short term advances which are expected to be settled in the next 
financial year. The reduction in the amount due from SDHB was mainly due to the restructuring of loans and advances 
between subsidiaries as explained in Note 25.
27 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
2024
Unquoted
shares
Investment
in money
market funds Others Total
At 1 July 2023 134 – 10 144
Acquisition of subsidiaries 5 434 1 440
Additions – 615 1 616
Disposal (81) – – (81)
Redemption – (989) – (989)
Changes in fair value –1 5 (–)1 5
Exchange differences 1 – 2 3
At 30 June 2024 59 65 14 138
1 Less than RM1 million.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 224
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 227 ----
27 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
2023
Unquoted
shares Others Total
At 1 July 2022 167 14 181
Additions 12 – 12
Disposal (44) – (44)
Distribution – (6) (6)
Changes in fair value (4) 1 (3)1
Exchange differences 3 1 4
At 30 June 2023 134 10 144
1 Inclusive of fair value gain recognised under discontinued operations amounting to RM2 million.
 During the year, the Group has completed the divestment of its investment in Jining Port and Shipping Port Services Co 
Ltd. In the prior year, the fair value of Jining Port and Shipping Port Services Co Ltd that amounted to RM78 million was 
based on the present value of the proceeds expected from the divestment in the financial year ended 30 June 2024.
 The financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are categorised as follows:
Group
2024 2023
Non-current 73 66
Current 65 78
138 144
28 DEFERRED TAX
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against 
current tax liabilities and when the deferred taxes relate to the same tax authority. The following amounts, determined 
after appropriate offsetting, are shown in the statements of financial position:
Group
2024 2023
Deferred tax assets 892 648
Deferred tax liabilities (977) (448)
(85) 200
Tax losses for which the tax effects have not been recognised in the financial 
statements
– Expiring within 10 years 2,003 1,354
– With no expiry period 512 437
2,515 1,791
PG. 225
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 228 ----
28 DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
 Under the Malaysia Finance Act 2021 which was gazetted on 31 December 2021, the time limit to carry forward unutilised 
tax losses in Malaysia is 10 consecutive years (2023: 10 consecutive years). Any accumulated tax losses from year of 
assessment 2018 onwards can be carried forward for up to 10 consecutive years of assessment.
 Unabsorbed capital allowances for which the tax effects have not been recognised in the financial statements amounted to 
RM209 million (2023: RM90 million).
 Unutilised investment tax allowances for which the tax effects have not been recognised in the financial statements 
amounted to RM328 million (2023: Nil).
 Deferred tax is not recognised on the unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries where the Group is able to control the 
timing of the remittance and it is probable that there will be no remittance in the foreseeable future. If these earnings were 
remitted, tax of RM138 million (2023: RM211 million) would be payable.
 The components and movements of the Group’s net deferred taxes are as follows:
2024
Property,
plant and
equipment
and
investment
properties
Intangible
assets
Receivable
impairments
and
provisions
Unabsorbed
tax losses,
capital
allowances
and
investment
tax
allowances
Right-of-use
assets and
lease
liabilities
Fair value
uplift of
inventories Others Total
At 1 July 2023 10 (416) 411 131 53 – 11 200
(Charged)/Credited to 
profit or loss (16) 11 9 31 (35) 3 4 7
Charged to other 
comprehensive income – – – – – – (2) (2)
Acquisition of 
subsidiaries (238) (149) 142 135 (109) (74) (4) (297)
Exchange differences –1 4 3 – – – – 7
At 30 June 2024 (244) (550) 565 297 (91) (71) 9 (85)
Deferred tax assets 
(before offsetting) 171 – 565 297 94 – 102 1,229
Deferred tax liabilities 
(before offsetting) (415) (550) – – (185) (71) (93) (1,314)
Net deferred tax 
(liabilities)/assets (244) (550) 565 297 (91) (71) 9 (85)
1 Less than RM1 million.
Deferred
tax before
offsetting Offsetting
Deferred
tax after
offsetting
Deferred tax assets 1,229 (337) 892
Deferred tax liabilities (1,314) 337 (977)
Net deferred tax liabilities (85) – (85)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 226
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 229 ----
28 DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
 The components and movements of the Group’s net deferred taxes are as follows: (continued)
2023
Property,
plant and
equipment
and
investment
properties
Intangible
assets
Receivable
impairments
and
provisions
Tax losses
and
unabsorbed
capital
allowances
Right-of-use
assets and
lease
liabilities Others Total
At 1 July 2022 154 (363) 288 129 75 (30) 253
(Charged)/Credited to profit or 
loss1 (121) 17 50 1 (23) 42 (34)
Charged to other comprehensive 
income – – – – – (1) (1)
Acquisition of subsidiaries and 
business (16) (59) 68 – – – (7)
Exchange differences (7) (11) 5 1 1 – (11)
At 30 June 2023 10 (416) 411 131 53 11 200
Deferred tax assets (before 
offsetting) 276 – 411 131 91 30 939
Deferred tax liabilities (before 
offsetting) (266) (416) – – (38) (19) (739)
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 10 (416) 411 131 53 11 200
1 Inclusive of deferred tax expense credited to profit or loss under discontinued operations of RM36 million.
Deferred
tax before
offsetting Offsetting
Deferred
tax after
offsetting
Deferred tax assets 939 (291) 648
Deferred tax liabilities (739) 291 (448)
Net deferred tax assets 200 – 200
PG. 227
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 230 ----
29 DERIVATIVE ASSETS/LIABILITIES – GROUP
 The Group’s derivative assets and liabilities are as follows:
2024 2023
Derivative
assets
Derivative
liabilities Net
Derivative
assets
Derivative
liabilities Net
Non-current
Derivatives not designated as 
hedges:
– forward foreign exchange 
contracts [note (a)] – – – 4 – 4
Cash flow hedges:
– forward foreign exchange 
contracts [note (a)] – (–)1 (–)1 – – –
– interest rate swap contracts 
[note (b)] – – – 1 – 1
– (–)1 (–)1 5 – 5
Current
Derivatives not designated as 
hedges:
– forward foreign exchange 
contracts [note (a)] 9 (5) 4 12 (1) 11
– embedded derivative 
[note  (c)] – (1) (1) – – –
Cash flow hedges:
– forward foreign exchange 
contracts [note (a)] 18 (6) 12 12 (26) (14)
– interest rate swap contracts 
[note (b)] –1 – –1 3 – 3
27 (12) 15 27 (27) –
Total 27 (12) 15 32 (27) 5
1 Less than RM1 million.
 Derivatives are entered into to hedge foreign currency and interest rate risks as described in Note 5(a)(i) and Note 5(a)(ii). 
Whilst all derivatives entered provide economic hedges to the Group, derivatives not designated as hedges are instruments 
that either do not qualify for the application of hedge accounting or where certain subsidiaries have chosen not to apply 
hedge accounting.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 228
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 231 ----
29 DERIVATIVE ASSETS/LIABILITIES – GROUP (CONTINUED)
a. Forward foreign exchange contracts
 Forward foreign exchange contracts have been entered into with the following notional amounts and maturities:
2024
Maturities
2023
Maturities
Less than
1 year
1 year to
less than
3 years Total
Less than
1 year
1 year to
less than
3 years Total
Forward contracts used to 
hedge anticipated sales 
denominated in:
– United States Dollar 1,266 10 1,276 1,030 – 1,030
– other currencies 21 – 21 82 – 82
1,287 10 1,297 1,112 – 1,112
Forward contracts used to 
hedge receivables and 
financial assets at FVTPL 
denominated in:
– United States Dollar 227 – 227 211 – 211
– European Union Euro 2 – 2 9 – 9
– Chinese Renminbi 114 – 114 106 113 219
– other currencies 15 – 15 3 – 3
358 – 358 329 113 442
Forward contracts used to 
hedge inter-company 
balances denominated in:
– Chinese Renminbi 1 – 1 39 – 39
1 – 1 39 – 39
Forward contracts used to 
hedge anticipated 
purchases denominated in:
– United States Dollar 557 – 557 975 4 979
– European Union Euro 270 – 270 410 – 410
– Australian Dollar 188 – 188 324 – 324
– other currencies 74 – 74 88 – 88
1,089 – 1,089 1,797 4 1,801
PG. 229
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 232 ----
29 DERIVATIVE ASSETS/LIABILITIES – GROUP (CONTINUED)
a. Forward foreign exchange contracts (continued)
 Forward foreign exchange contracts have been entered into with the following notional amounts and maturities: 
(continued)
2024
Maturities
2023
Maturities
Less than
1 year
1 year to
less than
3 years Total
Less than
1 year
1 year to
less than
3 years Total
Forward contracts used to 
hedge payables and 
commitments denominated 
in:
– United States Dollar 663 – 663 774 – 774
– European Union Euro 59 – 59 3 – 3
– Australian Dollar 44 – 44 67 – 67
– other currencies 186 – 186 22 – 22
952 – 952 866 – 866
Forward contracts used to 
hedge inventories where 
the payment is 
denominated in:
– United States Dollar 60 – 60 76 – 76
60 – 60 76 – 76
Forward contracts used to 
hedge borrowings 
denominated in:
– European Union Euro 18 – 18 – – –
18 – 18 – – –
Total notional amount 3,765 10 3,775 4,219 117 4,336
Net fair value assets/
(liabilities) 16 (–)1 16 (3) 4 1
1 Less than RM1 million.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 230
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 233 ----
29 DERIVATIVE ASSETS/LIABILITIES – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Interest rate swap contracts
 The Group has entered into interest rate swap contracts for certain long-term borrowings to reduce the Group’s 
exposure to volatility in interest rates. The notional amount, fair value and maturity periods of the interest rate swap 
contracts are as follows:
Notional
amount
2024
Fair value
assets
2024
Notional
amount
2023
Fair value
assets
2023
Maturity periods:
– less than 1 year 50 –1 129 3
– 1 year to less than 3 years – – 49 1
50 –1 178 4
1 Less than RM1 million.
c. Embedded derivatives
 Embedded derivatives relate to purchase contracts entered into with suppliers. The purchase price in these contracts 
is denominated in USD and subject to periodic price review. The notional amount, fair value and maturity periods of 
the embedded derivatives are as follows:
Notional
amount
2024
Fair value
liabilities
2024
Maturity periods:
– less than 1 year 1,071 (1)
PG. 231
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 234 ----
30 RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-current
Trade receivables1 4 6 – –
Finance lease receivables [note (a)] 115 96 – –
Other receivables 30 1442 – –
Total receivables 149 246 – –
Prepayments 44 39 – –
Pension assets [note (b)] 13 11 – –
Total receivables and other assets 206 296 – –
Current
Trade receivables1 5,918 3,858 – –
Amounts due from joint ventures 5 6 – –
Amounts due from associates 1813 –4 – –
Finance lease receivables [note (a)] 62 86 – –
Other receivables:
– rebates from principals 687 604 – –
– assembly purchases and expenses recoverable 598 726 – –
– warranty and parts claims 152 115 – –
– others 3292 197 –4 –4
Deposits 135 107 – –
8,067 5,699 –4 –4
Accumulated impairment losses:
– trade receivables (171) (146) – –
– rebates from principals (–)4 (5) – –
– other receivables (11) (6) – –
Total receivables 7,885 5,542 –4 –4
Indirect taxes recoverable 163 128 – –
Right to return assets 162 201 – –
Total receivables and other assets 8,210 5,871 –4 –4
Total non-current and current receivables  
(financial assets) 8,034 5,788 –4 –4
1 Mainly relates to revenue from contracts with customers.
2 Includes balance consideration receivable from disposal of the Weifang port companies (defined in Note 18).
3 Includes dividends receivable of RM164 million.
4 Less than RM1 million.
 The Group’s credit risk management objectives and policies are described in Note 5(a)(iii).
Annual Report 2024
PG. 232
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 235 ----
30 RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS (CONTINUED)
a. Finance lease receivables
 Finance lease receivables consists mainly of specific assets acquired for contract assembly projects and rental 
equipment lease receivables. The finance lease receivables are discounted at the effective discount rates ranging from 
1.7% to 13.2% (2023: 1.7% to 7.0%).
 Movements in finance lease receivables are as follows:
Group
2024 2023
At 1 July 182 212
Additions 48 82
Lease payments received during the financial year (75) (127)
Finance income 10 9
Transfer from property, plant and equipment 14 3
Remeasurement/Derecognition – (3)
Exchange differences (2) 6
At 30 June 177 182
 The following table sets out a maturity analysis of lease receivables, showing the undiscounted lease payments to be 
received after the reporting date:
Group
2024 2023
Within 1 year 55 73
Between 1-2 years 41 35
Between 2-3 years 36 30
Between 3-4 years 25 24
Between 4-5 years 20 15
After 5 years 27 19
Total undiscounted lease payments 204 196
Unearned finance income (27) (14)
Net investment in the lease 177 182
b. Pension assets
 Certain subsidiaries in Hong Kong operate funded defined benefit plans. The defined benefit plans are determined 
based on an annual actuarial valuation as at 30 June by external consultants where the amount of the benefits that 
eligible employees have earned in return for their services in the current and prior financial years are estimated. The 
pension assets presented is net of present value of obligations of RM9 million (2023: RM15 million).
PG. 233
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 236 ----
31 INVENTORIES – GROUP
2024 2023
Non-current
Development properties 128 –
Current
Raw material and consumables 485 173
Work in progress 712 893
Trading inventories
– equipment 3,620 3,251
– motor vehicles 6,193 3,776
– parts, accessories and others 3,421 3,361
Development properties 308 –
14,739 11,454
 Inventories are written down where the net realisable value is expected to be below the carrying amount. During the 
financial year, the Group wrote down and provided an amount of RM279 million (2023: RM213 million). The carrying 
amount of inventories stated at net realisable value was RM2,615 million (2023: RM2,407 million).
 Inventories with a total carrying amount of RM33 million (2023: RM10 million) were pledged as security for borrowings (see 
Note 40).
32 CONTRACT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES – GROUP
2024 2023
Contract assets
Current
Engineering contracts [note (a)] 95 59
Contract liabilities
Non-current
Deferred income:
– maintenance income and extended warranties [note (b)] 260 198
Current
Engineering contracts [note (a) and (b)] 21 29
Deferred income:
– maintenance income and extended warranties [note (b)] 517 363
– others 3 5
Customer deposits [note (c)] 1,529 2,066
Incentives payable and others 73 104
2,143 2,567
2,403 2,765
a. Engineering contracts
 The engineering contracts represent the timing differences between revenue recognition and the milestone billings. The 
milestone billings are structured and/or negotiated with customers to reflect the physical completion of the contracts.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 234
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 237 ----
32 CONTRACT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Contract value yet to be recognised as revenue
 Revenue expected to be recognised in the future relating to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially 
unsatisfied) at the reporting date, are as follows:
2025 2026 After 2026 Total
Deferred income 520 209 51 780
Engineering contracts 89 34 90 213
609 243 141 993
c. Customer deposits
 Customer deposits relate to deposits made by customers for the purchase of equipment and vehicles which were 
partially delivered or have yet to be delivered by the Group at the reporting date. The Group applies the practical 
expedient in MFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” on not disclosing the aggregate amount of the 
revenue expected to be recognised in the future as the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original 
expected duration of less than one year.
33 PREPAYMENTS – GROUP
2024 2023
Prepaid inventories 469 728
Other prepayments 238 192
707 920
34 BANK BALANCES, DEPOSITS AND CASH
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Deposits 
– Islamic 642 739 50 85
– conventional 999 1,501 – –
1,641 2,240 50 85
Cash at bank and in hand 1,036 846 –1 –1
Total bank balances, deposits and cash 2,677 3,086 50 85
Effective profit/interest rates per annum on 
deposits with licensed banks/financial 
institutions
% % % %
– Islamic 3.67 3.42 3.00 3.20
– conventional 3.64 3.84 – –
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 235
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 238 ----
35 DISPOSAL GROUPS AND ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
 Disposal groups (excluding subsidiaries acquired exclusively with a view for resale)
 The disposal groups consists of Hyster operations in New Zealand and Ferrari operations in Australia. The sale of the Ferrari 
operations in Australia was completed in July 2024 while the sale of Hyster operations in New Zealand is expected to be 
completed in the financial year ending 30 June 2025.
 The assets and liabilities of the disposal group as at 30 June 2024 are as follows:
Hyster and
Ferrari
operations
Assets of the disposal groups
– Property, plant and equipment 51
– Inventories 36
– Other assets 1
88
Liabilities of the disposal groups
– Other liabilities 2
2
 Subsidiaries acquired exclusively with a view for resale
 This relates to UKHE (refer to Note 18). The assets and liabilities of UKHE recorded under the disposal group amounted to 
RM564 million and RM178 million respectively.
 Assets held for sale
 The assets held for sale of RM63 million (2023: RM3 million) relate to the sale of several properties (previously classified 
as investment properties or consolidated via the acquisition of UMW) for which sale and purchase agreements have been 
entered into.
36 SHARE CAPITAL
Group/Company
Number of shares  
(million) Share capital
2024 2023 2024 2023
Issued and fully paid up:
Ordinary shares with no par value
At 1 July 6,816 6,810 9,330 9,318
Issuance of shares under Performance-Based 
Employee Share Scheme – 6 – 12
At 30 June 6,816 6,816 9,330 9,330
 In the prior year, the Company issued 5,679,100 new ordinary shares under the Performance-Based Employee Share 
Scheme (“PBESS”). With the allotment of the new shares, the Company’s issued and paid-up capital has increased from 
6,809,918,477 ordinary shares to 6,815,597,577 ordinary shares as at 30 June 2023. The PBESS had lapsed in the financial 
year ended 30 June 2023.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 236
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 239 ----
37 RESERVES
 The Group’s reserves comprise:
Nature Description
Capital reserve Arising from non-distributable reserves
Legal reserve Arising from statutory requirements of countries where the Group operates. 
Subsidiaries established in China are required to maintain certain statutory reserves by 
transferring from their profit after taxation in accordance with the relevant laws and 
regulations and, if applicable, the articles of association of subsidiaries in China, before 
any dividend is declared and paid
Hedging reserve Arising from changes in fair value of hedge instruments under cash flow hedges
Share grant reserve Arising from the PBESS
Exchange reserve Arising from exchange differences on translation of the net investments in foreign 
operations
Group
Share grant
reserve
Capital
reserve
Legal
reserve
Hedging
reserve
Exchange
reserve Total
2024
At 1 July 2023 – 223 136 – 760 1,119
Other comprehensive income 
[Note 20] – – – 11 16 27
Transfer from retained profits – – 10 – – 10
At 30 June 2024 – 223 146 11 776 1,156
2023
At 1 July 2022 9 246 148 2 575 980
Other comprehensive (loss)/
income [Note 20] – – – (2) 185 183
Transfer from retained profits 3 – 16 – – 19
Reclassification to retained profits 
upon disposal of subsidiaries – (23) (28) – – (51)
Issuance of shares under the 
PBESS (12) – – – – (12)
At 30 June 2023 – 223 136 – 760 1,119
PG. 237
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 240 ----
38 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS – GROUP
 The profit, comprehensive income and net assets attributable to owners of non-controlling interests (“NCI”) are as follows:
2024 2023
Material
non-controlling
interests Others Total Total
Profit for the financial year 124 60 184 54
Other comprehensive income/(loss) –1 (20) (20) (1)
Total comprehensive income 124 40 164 53
Net assets 2,047 764 2,811 357
1 Less than RM1 million.
 In the opinion of the Directors, the NCI that is material to the Group is the NCI of UMW Toyota Motor Sdn Bhd (“UMWT”) 
group. UMWT is a subsidiary under the UMW segment.
 Summarised financial information
 The summarised statement of comprehensive income of and dividends paid by UMWT group are as follows:
2024
Revenue 8,193
Profit attributable to shareholders of UMWT 249
Other comprehensive income –1
Total comprehensive income 249
Attributable to owners of non-controlling interests:
– Profit for the financial year 124
– Other comprehensive income –1
Total comprehensive income 124
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests 92
1 Less than RM1 million.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 238
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 241 ----
38 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS – GROUP (CONTINUED)
 Summarised financial information (continued)
 The summarised statement of financial position of UMWT group and reconciliation to the carrying value of the NCI are as 
follows:
2024
Non-current assets 3,522
Current assets 2,982
Non-current liabilities (528)
Current liabilities (1,832)
Net assets 4,144
UMWT NCI (33)
Net assets attributable to shareholders of UMWT 4,111
Proportion of equity held by NCI (%) 49.0
Non-controlling interests (inclusive of NCI at UMWT) 2,047
 The summarised statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position reflect the amounts presented in 
the financial statements of the subsidiary adjusted for fair value adjustments. The amounts presented are before inter-
company eliminations.
 The summarised statement of cash flows of UMWT group are as follows:
2024
Cash flows used in operating activities (540)
Cash flows used in investing activities (21)
Cash flows used in financing activities (184)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (745)
39 PERPETUAL SUKUK – GROUP
 The perpetual sukuk relates to UMW’s perpetual sukuk programme of up to RM2,000,000,000 in nominal value, which was 
approved on 22 March 2018.
 UMW had on 20 April 2018 made an issuance of RM1,100,000,000 nominal value of perpetual sukuk musharakah. The 
perpetual sukuk musharakah is accounted as equity. The carrying value is based on the fair value of the perpetual sukuk as 
at acquisition date of UMW and subsequently adjusted for the share of profit attributable to perpetual holders and 
payments relating to this share of profit.
 The perpetual sukuk holders are conferred the right to receive distribution on a semi-annual basis from their issue date at 
the rate of 6.35% per annum. The perpetual sukuk has no fixed redemption date but UMW has the option to redeem at 
the end of the tenth year from the date of issue and on each subsequent semi-annual periodic distribution date. If the 
perpetual sukuk is not redeemed at the tenth year, the periodic distribution rate will be reset to the then prevailing 10-year 
Malaysian Government Securities benchmark rate plus initial spread of 2.362% and step-up margin of 1.00%.
 While any distributions are unpaid or deferred, UMW will not declare, pay dividends or make similar periodic payments in 
respect of, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any securities of lower or equal rank.
PG. 239
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 242 ----
40 BORROWINGS
Group
2024 2023
Secured Unsecured Total Secured Unsecured Total
Non-current
Term loans and other long-term 
borrowings 12 3,403 3,415 23 2,223 2,246
Sukuk and Islamic term loans 37 1,250 1,287 – – –
49 4,653 4,702 23 2,223 2,246
Current
Term loans and other long-term 
borrowings due within one year 11 408 419 11 334 345
Sukuk and Islamic term loans due 
within one year 29 2,043 2,072 – – –
Bank overdrafts – 102 102 – 148 148
Islamic financing – 561 561 – 679 679
Revolving credits, trade facilities 
and other short-term 
borrowings – 2,584 2,584 – 2,439 2,439
40 5,698 5,738 11 3,600 3,611
Total borrowings 89 10,351 10,440 34 5,823 5,857
a. Sukuk and Islamic term loans
 During the year, the Group had established an unrated Islamic commercial papers and Islamic medium term notes 
programme based on the Shariah principle of Murabahah (via Tawarruq arrangement) for the issuance of Sukuk 
Murabahah of up to RM10.0 billion in nominal value, irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by Sime Darby 
Berhad. On 11 December 2023, Tranche 1 of the Sukuk Murabahah at an issue size of RM3.0 billion in nominal value 
was issued. RM967 million of this issuance was redeemed during the year. The proceeds were used to part finance the 
acquisition of UMW. Tranche 1 of the Sukuk Murabahah will mature in the financial year ending 30 June 2025.
 Included in the sukuk and Islamic term loans are outstanding amounts from UMW’s sukuk programme. On 21 
December 2012, UMW had established an Islamic medium term notes (“IMTN”) programme of up to RM2 billion in 
nominal value based on the Islamic principle of Musharakah for a tenure of 15 years. On 15 October 2021, UMW had 
obtained the sukukholders’ consent to extend the programme tenure from 15 years to perpetual. The outstanding 
IMTNs under this programme will mature in the financial years ending 30 June 2026 and 30 June 2027.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 240
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 243 ----
40 BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
b. Other information on borrowings
i. Effective interest rates
 The average effective interest rates of borrowings per annum are as follows:
Group
2024
%
2023
%
Term loans 6.49 5.63
Sukuk and Islamic term loans 3.80 –
Other borrowings 4.26 4.66
 The Group’s floating rate term loans that are subject to contractual interest rates repricing within 1 year 
amounted to RM5,783 million (2023: RM2,526 million).
ii. Secured financing
 As at 30 June 2024, borrowings amounting to RM89 million (2023: RM34 million) are secured by property, plant 
and equipment with a carrying value of RM62 million (2023: RM66 million), inventories with a carrying value of 
RM33 million (2023: RM10 million) and deposits restricted by bank of RM56 million (2023: Nil).
41 LEASE LIABILITIES
Group
2024 2023
Non-current 2,231 2,162
Current 540 435
2,771 2,597
a. Undiscounted contractual cash flows
Group
2024 2023
Future minimum lease payments:
– within 1 year 675 540
– between 1 to 2 years 557 534
– between 2 to 5 years 965 905
– above 5 years 1,203 1,248
3,400 3,227
Less: unexpired finance charges (629) (630)
2,771 2,597
b. Currency profile
 All lease liabilities are denominated in the functional currency of the respective subsidiaries.
c. Lease commitments
 As at 30 June 2024, commitments for short term leases and low value leases amounted to RM2 million (2023: RM3 
million) and RM12 million (2023: RM8 million) respectively.
PG. 241
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 244 ----
41 LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
d. Other information on lease liabilities
 The lease terms range from 2 to 40 years (2023: 2 to 40 years).
 The average effective interest rates of lease liabilities range from 1.4% to 14.0% (2023: 1.1% to 9.6%) per annum.
e. Extension options
 The Group did not include potential lease payments from extension options that it is not reasonably certain to 
exercise. Most of these leases involve land and/or building leases. The undiscounted potential future lease payments 
not recognised as lease liabilities as at 30 June 2024 was RM1,552 million (2023: RM1,272 million) and range between 
1 to 20 years (2023: 1 to 20 years).
f. Cash outflows during the financial year
 The total cash outflows for leases that were disclosed in the statements of cash flows comprise of:
• repayment of lease liabilities as disclosed in the reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
• payments for short-term leases and low-value leases, which approximate the amount expensed to the statement 
of profit or loss as disclosed in Note 7
 The Company has lease liabilities of RM1 million as at the end of the financial year (2023: Nil).
42 PAYABLES AND OTHER LIABILITIES
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Non-current
Employee benefits 34 27 – –
Refund liabilities 1 1 – –
Other payables 38 46 – –
Payables and other liabilities 73 74 – –
Current
Trade payables 5,161 4,334 – –
Vehicle financing [note (a)] 1,043 559 – –
Accruals and other payables [note (b)] 2,550 977 2 2
Amounts due to joint ventures 2 2 – –
Amounts due to associates 4 2 – –
Financial guarantees [note (c)] – – 1 –
Payables 8,760 5,874 3 2
Employee benefits 1,055 893 – –
Indirect taxes payable 196 247 – –
Government grant [Note 43] 8 – – –
Refund liabilities 327 370 – –
Payables and other liabilities 10,346 7,384 3 2
Non-current and current payables (financial 
liabilities) 8,798 5,920 3 2
Annual Report 2024
PG. 242
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 245 ----
42 PAYABLES AND OTHER LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
a. Vehicle financing
 In certain markets, the Group finances the purchase of vehicles using vehicle financing arrangements and have 
maturities up to 365 days. The Group is normally required to repay the outstanding amounts on the earlier of the sale 
of the associated vehicle inventories or the agreed repayment date. These arrangements carry interest rates ranging 
from 3.3% to 11.3% (2023: 4.2% to 7.2%) per annum.
b. Accruals and other payables
 Included in accruals and other payables are amounts payable for the purchase of property, plant and equipment of 
RM22 million (2023: RM28 million).
c. Financial guarantees
 The financial guarantee of the Company represents the fair value of the obligations in relation to the guarantee of the 
Sukuk Murabahah programme of a subsidiary.
43 GOVERNMENT GRANTS – GROUP
 Government grants mainly relate to the purchase of property, plant and equipment in respect of certain manufacturing and 
engineering operations of the UMW segment (2023: other business operations related grants).
44 PROVISIONS – GROUP
Warranties
Risk
sharing Disputes Others Total
2024
At 1 July 2023 181 11 222 44 458
Additions 250 3 – 5 258
Reversals (112) (4) – (24) (140)
Translation differences – – 2 – 2
Charged to profit or loss 138 (1) 2 (19) 120
Acquisition of subsidiaries 328 – – – 328
Utilised (144) (4) – (1) (149)
Exchange differences 1 –1 – –1 1
At 30 June 2024 504 6 224 24 758
2023
At 1 July 2022 178 20 209 37 444
Additions 143 3 – 14 160
Reversals (54) (5) – (8) (67)
Translation differences – – 13 – 13
Charged to profit or loss 89 (2) 13 6 106
Utilised (91) (7) – (2) (100)
Exchange differences 5 –1 – 3 8
At 30 June 2023 181 11 222 44 458
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 243
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 246 ----
44 PROVISIONS – GROUP (CONTINUED)
 The provisions are subject to the following maturity periods:
2024 2023
Non-current
Due later than one year 260 31
Current
Due no later than one year 498 427
758 458
a. Warranties
 Provision is recognised on warranties provided for the sale of machinery, vehicles and other products that are not 
covered by manufacturers’ warranties. The provision was estimated based on historical claims experience, as well as 
recent trends which are indicative of future claims.
b. Risk sharing
 Provision is recognised for possible future losses arising from customer defaults pursuant to the risk sharing 
arrangements entered into by the Group with Caterpillar (China) Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
45 SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE COMPOSITION OF THE GROUP
a. Acquisition of subsidiaries
i. On 1 November 2023, the Group completed the acquisition of the entire equity interest in Kuxton Pty Limited 
and Kagera Pty Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as Cavpower group), the Caterpillar dealer in 
South Australia, for a purchase consideration of AUD535 million (RM1,615 million). The acquisition complements 
the Group’s existing dealership footprint while diversifying from coal markets through exposure to large deposits 
of critical materials (copper, lithium and cobalt) in South Australia.
 The following table summarises the net assets and net cash outflow arising from the acquisition of Cavpower 
group.
Property, plant and equipment 417
Intangible assets excluding goodwill 235
Associates 111
Inventories 309
Receivables and other assets 97
Cash and cash equivalents 120
Net deferred tax liabilities (100)
Payables, provisions and other liabilities (141)
Net tax payable (17)
Net assets acquired 1,031
Goodwill on acquisition 584
Purchase consideration 1,615
Less: cash and cash equivalents of subsidiaries acquired (120)
Less: deferred consideration (8)
Net cash outflow on acquisition 1,487
Annual Report 2024
PG. 244
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 247 ----
45 SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE COMPOSITION OF THE GROUP (CONTINUED)
a. Acquisition of subsidiaries (continued)
 For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, the acquisition contributed revenue of RM697 million and profit after 
tax attributable to owners of the Company of RM48 million, before including acquisition finance costs and 
acquisition related costs of RM6 million (included in operating expenses in the statement of profit or loss).
 Had the acquisition been completed on 1 July 2023, the acquisition would have contributed additional revenue 
of approximately RM364 million and additional profit after tax attributable to owners of the Company of 
approximately RM16 million, before including acquisition finance costs and fair value adjustments.
ii. On 13 December 2023, the Group completed the acquisition of an approximately 61.2% equity interest in UMW 
from Permodalan Nasional Berhad and Amanahraya Trustees Berhad for a purchase consideration of RM3,574 
million. This acquisition is expected to scale up and strengthen the Group’s motors business, enhancing 
sustainable returns by entering into new brand ecosystems and diversifying the Group’s geographical and 
business portfolio.
 The following table summarises the net assets and net cash outflow arising from the acquisition of UMW.
Property, plant and equipment 3,333
Right-of-use assets 626
Investment properties 376
Intangible assets excluding goodwill 383
Associates 2,553
Inventories 2,129
Receivables and prepayments 1,293
Cash and cash equivalents 2,920
Disposal group and assets held for sale 760
Other assets 547
Borrowings (1,543)
Net deferred tax liabilities (197)
Payables (3,257)
Provisions (317)
Other liabilities (176)
Net assets acquired 9,430
Non-controlling interests (4,698)
Perpetual sukuk (1,177)
Goodwill on acquisition 19
Purchase consideration 3,574
Less: cash and cash equivalents of subsidiaries acquired (2,920)
Net cash outflow on acquisition 654
 For the financial year ended 30 June 2024, the acquisition contributed revenue (including discontinuing 
operations) of RM9,782 million and profit after tax attributable to owners of the Company of RM230 million, 
before including acquisition finance costs and acquisition related costs of RM16 million (included in operating 
expenses in the statement of profit or loss).
 Had the acquisition been completed on 1 July 2023, the acquisition would have contributed additional revenue 
of approximately RM8,863 million and additional profit after tax attributable to owners of the Company of 
approximately RM425 million, before including acquisition finance costs and fair value adjustments.
PG. 245
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 248 ----
45 SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE COMPOSITION OF THE GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Acquisition of additional interest in subsidiaries
i. On 27 December 2023, the Group had offered to acquire all the remaining ordinary shares in UMW not already 
held for a cash consideration of RM5.00 per ordinary share pursuant to an unconditional mandatory general offer. 
On 21 March 2024, the Group had completed the compulsory acquisition of all the remaining UMW shares in 
accordance with subsection 222(1) of the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007. Following this, UMW became 
an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. The purchase consideration paid inclusive of transaction costs 
amounted to RM2,274 million.
ii. On 27 May 2024, the Group acquired 5% equity interest in Sime Darby Hyundai Sdn Bhd (“SDH”) for a 
consideration of RM2 million. Following the acquisition, the Group holds 56% equity interest in SDH.
 Details of net cash outflow is as follows:
UMW SDH Total
Non-controlling interest acquired 2,268 2 2,270
Premium on acquisition 6 – 6
Net cash outflow on acquisition of non-controlling interest 2,274 2 2,276
c. Disposal of joint venture
 On 28 December 2023, the Group completed the disposal of its entire 50% equity interest in RSDH for a cash 
consideration of approximately RM2,842 million.
 Details of net assets and net cash inflow arising from the disposal of the joint venture are as follows:
Joint venture representing net assets disposed 798
Gain on disposal of joint venture 2,007
Add: net exchange loss included in the gain on disposal 5
Proceeds from disposal, net of transaction costs 2,810
46 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP
 The Group’s main segments comprise of Industrial, Motors and UMW. The Industrial, Motors and UMW Divisions offer 
different products and services, and are each headed by a Divisional Managing Director.
 On 13 December 2023, Sime Darby Enterprise Sdn Bhd (“SDE”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, 
completed the acquisition of an approximately 61.2% equity interest in UMW. SDE and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and 
associates are reported as a new segment (UMW).
 During the year, the Group completed the disposal of its entire 50% equity interest in RSDH. As this transaction resulted 
in the Group’s exit from the healthcare business, the results of RSDH for the current year and previous financial years have 
been presented as discontinued operations.
 UKHE group, a subsidiary of UMW, is deemed to be acquired exclusively with a view for resale and hence, the results and 
cashflows have been presented as discontinuing operations in the financial statements of the Group (refer Note  18).
 The Group Chief Executive Officer reviews the internal management reports on a monthly basis and conducts performance 
dialogues with the business units on a regular basis.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 246
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 249 ----
46 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
 Segments comprise:
Continuing operations
Industrial Sale, rental and servicing of equipment and engineering services
Motors Assembly, sale and rental of vehicles and the provision of after-sales services
UMW Import, assembly and marketing of vehicles, trading and leasing of equipment, and 
manufacturing, assembly and trading of automotive parts
Others Insurance broking and other general investments
Discontinued operations
Logistics Management of port facilities
Healthcare Investment in the Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care Group, providers of healthcare services
 Transactions between segments are carried out on agreed terms between both parties. The effects of such inter-segment 
transactions are eliminated on consolidation. The measurement basis and classification are consistent with those adopted 
in the previous financial year.
a. Segment results
2024
Continuing operations
Discontinuing/
Discontinued operations
Industrial Motors UMW Others
Corporate
and
intra-group
adjustments Total Healthcare UKHE Total
Segment revenue:
External 20,456 37,188 9,410 78 – 67,132 – 372 67,504
Inter-segment 4 17 13 12 (46) – – – –
20,460 37,205 9,423 90 (46) 67,132 – 372 67,504
Segment results:
Operating profit/(loss)1,428 568 275 295 (68) 2,498 2,007 8 4,513
Share of results of 
joint ventures and 
associates 39 16 205 –1 – 260 45 – 305
Profit/(Loss) before 
interest and tax 1,467 584 480 295 (68) 2,758 2,052 8 4,818
Included in operating 
profit/(loss)
Depreciation and 
amortisation (1,058) (719) (227) (5) (9) (2,018) – – (2,018)
Impairment losses (net):
– non-current assets (1) (194) – – – (195) – (45) (240)
– receivables (4) 4 (16) (1) (5) (22) – (3) (25)
Fair value gain/(loss) 
on financial assets 
at FVTPL 15 (–)1 5 –1 – 20 – – 20
Gain on disposals (net) – 3 2 279 – 284 – – 284
Inventory write-down 
and provision (109) (165) (5) – – (279) – (1) (280)
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 247
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 250 ----
46 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
a. Segment results (continued)
2023
Continuing operations Discontinued operations
Industrial Motors Others
Corporate
and
intra-group
adjustments Total Logistics Healthcare Total
Segment revenue:
External 16,675 31,552 61 – 48,288 58 – 48,346
Inter-segment 7 14 3 (24) – – – –
16,682 31,566 64 (24) 48,288 58 – 48,346
Segment results:
Operating profit/(loss)1,000 1,039 39 (58) 2,020 112 – 2,132
Share of results of joint 
ventures and associates 51 13 –1 – 64 –1 57 121
Profit/(Loss) before interest 
and tax 1,051 1,052 39 (58) 2,084 112 57 2,253
Included in operating 
profit/(loss)
Depreciation and 
amortisation (662) (588) (5) (14) (1,269) – – (1,269)
Impairment losses (net):
– non-current assets – (1) – – (1) (41) – (42)
– receivables (22) (5) – –1 (27) – – (27)
Fair value (loss)/gain on 
financial assets at FVTPL – (8) 3 – (5) 2 – (3)
Gain on disposals (net) 2 177 – – 179 147 – 326
Inventory write-down and 
provision (99) (114) – – (213) – – (213)
1 Less than RM1 million.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 248
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 251 ----
46 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Segment assets and liabilities and additions to non-current assets
2024
Continuing operations
Discontinuing 
operations
TotalIndustrial Motors UMW Others
Corporate
 and
intra-group
adjustments Total UKHE
Segment assets 19,375 17,147 12,764 305 658 50,249 564 50,813
Segment liabilities (4,013) (6,393) (2,849) (459) (13) (13,727) (178) (13,905)
Segment invested capital 15,362 10,754 9,915 (154) 645 36,522 386 36,908
Net tax liabilities (339) – (339)
Borrowings and lease 
liabilities (13,211) – (13,211)
Total equity 22,972 386 23,358
Joint ventures and associates 
included in segment assets 446 114 2,671 1 – 3,232 – 3,232
Additions to non-current 
assets are as follows:
Capital expenditure 1,844 1,257 250 1 5 3,357 6 3,363
Addition to financial assets 
at FVTPL – – 615 – 1 616 – 616
1,844 1,257 865 1 6 3,973 6 3,979
1 Less than RM1 million.
PG. 249
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 252 ----
46 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Segment assets and liabilities and additions to non-current assets (continued)
2023
Continuing operations Discontinued operations
Industrial Motors Others
Corporate
 and
intra-group
adjustments Total Logistics Healthcare Total
Segment assets 16,809 15,803 416 2,476 35,504 – 759 36,263
Segment liabilities (4,501) (5,732) (466) (13) (10,712) – – (10,712)
Segment invested capital 12,308 10,071 (50) 2,463 24,792 – 759 25,551
Net tax assets 186 – – 186
Borrowings and lease 
liabilities (8,454) – – (8,454)
Total equity 16,524 – 759 17,283
Joint ventures and associates 
included in segment assets 308 108 –1 – 416 – 759 1,175
Additions to non-current 
assets are as follows:
Capital expenditure 1,557 1,346 –1 9 2,912 1 – 2,913
Addition to financial 
assets at FVTPL – 12 – – 12 – – 12
Addition to interest in an 
associate 9 – – – 9 – – 9
1,566 1,358 –1 9 2,933 1 – 2,934
1 Less than RM1 million.
 Capital expenditure consists of the following:
Continuing
operations
Discontinuing/
Discontinued
operations Total
2024
Property, plant and equipment 2,642 6 2,648
Right-of-use assets 692 – 692
Investment properties 1 – 1
Intangible assets other than goodwill 22 – 22
3,357 6 3,363
2023
Property, plant and equipment 2,069 1 2,070
Right-of-use assets 824 – 824
Intangible assets other than goodwill 19 – 19
2,912 1 2,913
Annual Report 2024
PG. 250
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 253 ----
46 SEGMENT INFORMATION – GROUP (CONTINUED)
b. Segment assets and liabilities and additions to non-current assets (continued)
 Reconciliation of segment assets and liabilities to total assets and total liabilities are as follows:
Assets Liabilities
2024 2023 2024 2023
Segment total 50,813 36,263 13,905 10,712
Tax assets/liabilities 1,009 777 1,348 591
Borrowings – – 10,440 5,857
Lease liabilities – – 2,771 2,597
51,822 37,040 28,464 19,757
c. Segment by geography
 Revenue, profit before interest and tax (“PBIT”) and non-current assets, other than financial instruments and tax 
assets, by location of the Group’s operations are analysed as follows:
Revenue PBIT Non-current assets
2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023
Malaysia 19,267 7,644 1,254 382 9,493 3,021
China1 17,597 17,184 (116) 453 2,751 2,582
Other countries in Asia 8,204 5,598 211 119 1,165 926
Australasia2 22,064 17,862 1,409 1,130 9,947 7,919
67,132 48,288 2,758 2,084 23,356 14,448
1 China consists of Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
2 Australasia consists of Australia, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.
 Revenue by location of customers is not materially different from that of revenue by location of operations.
 Reconciliation of non-current assets, other than financial assets and tax assets to the total non-current assets are as 
follows:
2024 2023
Non-current assets other than financial instruments and tax assets 23,356 14,448
Financial assets at FVTPL 73 66
Deferred tax assets 892 648
Derivative assets – 5
Receivables 149 246
24,470 15,413
 The Group’s operations are diverse in terms of the range of products and services it offers and the geographical 
coverage. There was no single customer that contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue.
PG. 251
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 254 ----
47 RELATED PARTIES
 Significant related party transactions and balances other than as disclosed in Notes 6, 8, 15, 16, 26, 27, 30 and 42 are as 
follows:
Group 2024 2023
a. Transactions with joint ventures and associates
Continuing operations
Purchase of products and services from Sitech Construction Systems Pty Ltd 19 23
Purchase of equipment and parts from FG Wilson Asia Pte Ltd 21 8
Contribution paid to Yayasan Sime Darby 30 25
Sale of goods and services to and rental income from Perusahaan Otomobil 
Kedua Sdn Bhd (“Perodua”) and its subsidiaries and associates 313 –
Purchase goods and services from Perodua and its subsidiaries and associates 356 –
Sale of goods to UMW Toyotsu Motors Sdn Bhd 174 –
Purchase goods and services from UMW Toyotsu Motors Sdn Bhd 15 –
Discontinued operations
Loans repaid by Weifang Sime Darby Liquid Terminal Co Ltd – 6
b. Transactions between subsidiaries and non-controlling interests or their affiliate 
companies
Continuing operations
Contract assembly service provided by Inokom Corporation Sdn Bhd (“ICSB”) to 
Mazda Malaysia Sdn Bhd (“Mazda Malaysia”) 1 124 93
Contract assembly service provided by ICSB to Kia Malaysia Sdn Bhd  
(“Kia Malaysia”)1 36 29
Rental income received by ICSB from Mazda Malaysia and Bermaz Motor 
Trading Sdn Bhd (“BMT”) 1 5 3
Sale of goods and services to Toyota Motor Corporation, Japan and its 
subsidiaries and Toyota Tsusho Corporation, Japan and its subsidiaries 1,142 –
Purchase of goods and services from Toyota Motor Corporation, Japan and its 
subsidiaries and Toyota Tsusho Corporation, Japan and its subsidiaries 3,688 –
Purchase of goods and services from Toyota Industries Corporation, Japan and 
its subsidiaries 180 –
Purchase of goods and services from Kayaba Industry Co Ltd (“Kayaba”) and its 
subsidiaries 16 –
Sale of goods and services to Kayaba and its subsidiaries 42 –
Discontinuing operations
Purchase of goods and services from Komatsu Ltd, Japan and its subsidiaries198 –
1 Bermaz Auto Berhad is a major shareholder of ICSB and Kia Malaysia and also an indirect major shareholder of Mazda Malaysia. BMT is an 
indirect subsidiary of Bermaz Auto Berhad.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 252
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 255 ----
47 RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)
 Significant related party transactions and balances other than as disclosed in Notes 6, 8, 15, 16, 26, 27, 30 and 42 are as 
follows: (continued)
Group 2024 2023
c. Transactions with Directors and key management personnel and their close 
family members
Continuing operations
Sale of motor vehicles by the Group 1 1
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
d. Remuneration of Directors and key 
management personnel
Salaries, other emoluments and benefits 42 34 4 4
Defined contribution pension plans 4 4 – –
Performance-based employee share scheme – –1 – –
Estimated monetary value of benefits-in-kind –1 –1 –1 –1
1 Less than RM1 million.
 Key management personnel are employees who have authority and responsibility over key activities of the Group and 
are direct reports of the Group Chief Executive Officer.
e. Transactions with major shareholders and the Government
 As at 30 June 2024, Permodalan Nasional Berhad (“PNB”) owned approximately 4.74% (2023: 5.11%) of the issued 
share capital of the Company. The Company is considered an associate of PNB by virtue of PNB’s representation on 
the Board of the Company.
 PNB is an entity controlled by the Malaysian Government through Yayasan Pelaburan Bumiputera. As a result, the 
Malaysian Government and bodies controlled or jointly controlled by the Malaysian Government (collectively referred 
to as government-related entities) are related parties of the Group and of the Company.
 Other than the significant related party transactions disclosed below, transactions entered into during the financial 
year with government-related entities include sales and purchases of goods and services. These related party 
transactions were entered into in the ordinary course of business.
i. On 7 August 2023, Kumpulan Sime Darby Berhad, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group completed the 
disposal of 760.12 acres of land in Labu, Negeri Sembilan to Sime Darby Property (MVV Central) Sdn. Bhd., a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Sime Darby Property Berhad for a cash consideration of RM280 million.
ii. On 13 December 2023, the Group completed the acquisition of an approximately 61.2% equity interest in UMW 
from PNB and Amanahraya Trustees Berhad for a total cash consideration of RM3,574 million.
PG. 253
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 256 ----
47 RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)
 Significant related party transactions and balances other than as disclosed in Notes 6, 8, 15, 16, 26, 27, 30 and 42 are as 
follows: (continued)
f. Outstanding balances with related parties
 The significant outstanding balances between the Group and related parties are as follows:
2024 2023
i. Amounts due from/(to) non-controlling interests and their affiliated companies
 Continuing operations
Kayaba and its subsidiaries 23 –
Kayaba and its subsidiaries (19) –
Dividend payable to Kayaba Industry Co Ltd (16) –
Toyota Industries Corporation, Japan and its subsidiaries (44) –
Toyota Motor Corporation, Japan and its subsidiaries and Toyota Tsusho 
Corporation, Japan and its subsidiaries 219 –
Toyota Motor Corporation, Japan and its subsidiaries and Toyota Tsusho 
Corporation, Japan and its subsidiaries (496) –
 Discontinuing operations
Komatsu Ltd, Japan and its subsidiaries (81) –
ii. Amounts due from/(to) joint ventures and associates
Perodua and its subsidiaries and associates 36 –
Perodua and its subsidiaries and associates (59) –
Dividend receivable from Perodua 162 –
 All outstanding balances are unsecured and repayable in accordance with agreed terms.
 There were no material contracts subsisting as at 30 June 2024 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of 
the financial year by the Company or its subsidiaries which involved the interests of substantial shareholders.
48 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
a. Financial instruments measured at fair value
 The measurement and categorisation of the financial instruments carried at fair value are as follows:
 Financial assets at FVTPL
 The fair values of quoted investments in money market funds and quoted shares are based on quoted market prices 
in active markets (Level 1). The fair values of the remaining financial assets at FVTPL are based on valuation techniques 
with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) as quoted market prices in active markets (Level 1) or valuation 
techniques using market observable inputs (Level 2) are not available.
 Loan to joint venture
 The fair value of the loan to joint venture is based on valuation techniques with significant unobservable inputs 
(Level  3).
 Derivatives
 The fair values of derivatives are based on price quotes for similar instruments or valuation techniques based on 
market observable inputs (Level 2).
 The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts and embedded derivatives are calculated using observable 
forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting period, with the resulting value discounted to present value.
 The fair value of interest rate swap contracts are calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows 
based on observable yield curves.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 254
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 257 ----
48 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
a. Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)
 The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as at 30 June 
into three different levels as defined above:
Group Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
2024
Financial assets
Financial assets at FVTPL 66 – 72 138
Loan to joint venture [Note 13] – – 16 16
Derivative assets
– forward foreign exchange contracts – 27 – 27
– interest rate swap contracts – –1 – –1
66 27 88 181
Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities
– forward foreign exchange contracts – 11 – 11
– embedded derivatives – 1 – 1
– 12 – 12
2023
Financial assets
Financial assets at FVTPL – – 144 144
Derivative assets
– forward foreign exchange contracts – 28 – 28
– interest rate swap contracts – 4 – 4
– 32 144 176
Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities
– forward foreign exchange contracts – 27 – 27
1 Less than RM1 million.
 The Company did not have any financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at 30 June 2024 (2023: Nil).
b. Financial instruments measured at amortised cost
 Financial assets measured at amortised cost include trade and other receivables, amounts due from subsidiaries, bank 
balances, deposits and cash while financial liabilities at amortised cost includes payables, amounts due to subsidiaries 
and borrowings.
 The carrying amounts and fair values of long-term financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost as at 
30  June 2024 and 30 June 2023 approximated their fair values.
PG. 255
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 258 ----
49 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
 The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, 
liquidity risk and cash flow risk. The policies on financial risk management is described in Note 5.
 Details of each financial risk are as follows:
a. Foreign exchange risk
 The currency profile of monetary financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows:
Group
Denominated in currencies other than functional currencies
Denominated
in functional
currencies Total
United
States
Dollar
Chinese
Renminbi
European
Union
Euro
Australian
Dollar Others
2024
Financial assets at 
FVTPL 10 – – – 1 127 138
Receivables (net) 477 122 28 2 36 7,369 8,034
Bank balances, 
deposits and cash 113 2 14 –1 45 2,503 2,677
Borrowings (28) – (22) – – (10,390) (10,440)
Payables (762) (3) (230) (47) (156) (7,600) (8,798)
(190) 121 (210) (45) (74) (7,991) (8,389)
2023
Financial assets at 
FVTPL 8 78 – – – 58 144
Receivables (net) 385 143 24 5 30 5,201 5,788
Bank balances, 
deposits and cash 78 2 – 43 24 2,939 3,086
Borrowings (1) – – – – (5,856) (5,857)
Payables (541) – (447) (69) (62) (4,801) (5,920)
(71) 223 (423) (21) (8) (2,459) (2,759)
1 Less than RM1 million.
 The Company did not have any significant financial assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currency as at 30 June 
2024 and 30 June 2023.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 256
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 259 ----
49 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
 Details of each financial risk are as follows: (continued)
a. Foreign exchange risk (continued)
 Foreign exchange risk which impacts the statement of profit or loss arises where monetary assets/liabilities that are 
not denominated in the functional currency of the respective subsidiaries are not hedged.
i. Borrowings
 The RM28 million borrowings in USD is hedged by USD receivables and anticipated sales in USD (2023: USD1 
million was not hedged as it relates to an overdraft) while the RM22 million borrowings in EUR was largely 
hedged using derivatives.
ii. Bank balances
 Bank balances denominated in non-functional currencies are not hedged. However, they are generally held for a 
short period and would either be converted to the functional currency or used to hedge or settle payables in the 
same currency. As such, foreign exchange risk for unhedged bank balances is generally limited.
iii. Receivables and payables
 Receivables and payables in non-functional currencies are generally hedged using derivatives or exposed for a 
short period (pending settlement or hedging), with limited foreign exchange risk. The Chinese Renminbi 
receivables, US Dollar payables and Australian Dollar payables have largely been hedged with derivatives. 
However, certain balances in non-functional currencies have not been hedged due to the uncertainty in the 
timing of the receipt/settlement or where the foreign exchange risk has been covered by the distributor.
 The Group is also exposed to currency translation risk arising from inter-company balances within the Group of 
approximately RM197 million (2023: RM261 million) that are not denominated in the functional currency of at 
least one of the counterparties. These balances consist mainly of current accounts between Australasia 
subsidiaries and dividend payable by Mainland China subsidiaries. Most of these balances are not hedged. The 
inter-company balances hedged are disclosed in Note 29.
 There are no material unhedged financial assets or liabilities as at 30 June 2024 other than as disclosed above.
b. Interest rate risk
 The percentages of fixed rate borrowings held by the Group, to the total borrowings are as follows:
Group
2024 2023
Total borrowings [Note 40] 10,440 5,857
Fixed rate borrowings 1,424 51
Floating rate borrowings (swapped to fixed) 50 178
Total fixed rate borrowings after swap 1,474 229
Percentage of fixed rate borrowings over total borrowings
– Before swap (%) 13.6 0.9
– After swap (%) 14.1 3.9
 The borrowings on floating rates that have not been swapped consist mainly of long term borrowings raised for the 
Onsite and Cavpower acquisitions, short term borrowings raised for the UMW acquisition and short term borrowings 
used for working capital purposes in the Industrial and Motors Divisions. The floating rate borrowings raised for 
acquisitions remain unhedged based on assessment of prevailing market conditions and cost considerations.
PG. 257
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 260 ----
49 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
 Details of each financial risk are as follows: (continued)
b. Interest rate risk (continued)
 As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s floating rate borrowings not swapped to fixed stood at RM8,966 million (2023: 
RM5,628 million). The following table demonstrates the effect of changes in interest rates of floating rate borrowings. 
If the interest rate for all borrowings increased by 1 percentage point, the Group’s continuing operations’ profit after 
tax will be lower by:
Impact
2024
Profit after tax
– Continuing operations (72)
2023
Profit after tax
– Continuing operations (42)
 A 1% decrease in interest rates would have an equal but opposite effect.
 The impact on Group’s equity is similar to the impact on the Group’s profit after tax.
c. Credit risk
 The maximum exposure and collateral and credit enhancements are as follows:
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Maximum exposure
Amounts due from subsidiaries – – 504 1,128
Receivables 8,034 5,788 –1 –1
Derivative assets 27 32 – –
Bank balances, deposits and cash 2,677 3,086 50 85
Guarantees in respect of the Sukuk Murabahah 
programme of a subsidiary – – 2,037 –
10,738 8,906 2,591 1,213
Collateral and credit enhancement
Receivables 2,965 2,296 – –
1 Less than RM1 million.
 The collateral are mainly in the form of end-financing arrangements, letter of credits, guarantees from reputable banks 
and deposits of cash from customers, some of which are taken into consideration in assessing the expected credit loss.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 258
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 261 ----
49 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
 Details of each financial risk are as follows: (continued)
d. Liquidity and cash flow risk
 The undiscounted contractual cash flows of the financial liabilities are as follows:
Group
Within
1 year
Between
1 and 2
years
Between
2 and 5
years
Above
5 years
Total
contractual
cash flows
Total
carrying
amount
2024
Borrowings
– principal 5,724 841 1,310 2,567 10,442 10,419
– interest 319 256 203 162 940 21
Derivative liabilities 12 –1 – – 12 12
Payables 8,760 22 5 11 8,798 8,798
14,815 1,119 1,518 2,740 20,192 19,250
1 Less than RM1 million.
2023
Borrowings
– principal 3,572 311 1,948 – 5,831 5,814
– interest 168 123 263 – 554 43
Derivative liabilities 27 – – – 27 27
Payables 5,874 46 – – 5,920 5,920
9,641 480 2,211 – 12,332 11,804
Company
Within
1 year
Between
1 and 2
years
Between
2 and 5
years
Above
5 years
Total
contractual
cash flows
Total
carrying
amount
2024
Payables (excluding financial 
guarantee) 2 – – – 2 2
Financial guarantee – – – – – 1
– principal 2,033 – – – 2,033 –
– interest 38 – – – 38 –
2,073 – – – 2,073 3
2023
Payables 2 – – – 2 2
 The contractual cash flow for the financial guarantee disclosed above is based on the contractual cash flows of the 
outstanding Sukuk Murabahah of the subsidiary.
PG. 259
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 262 ----
50 GUARANTEES AND COMMITMENTS
 Guarantees and commitments are as follows:
a. Guarantees
 In the ordinary course of business, the Group may issue surety bonds and letters of credit, which the Group provides 
to customers to secure advance payments, for performance under contracts or in lieu of retention being withheld on 
contracts. A liability would only arise in the event the Group fails to fulfil its contractual obligations.
 The Company has also provided a performance guarantee to a customer of a subsidiary to secure performance under 
contracts or in lieu of retention withheld on contracts.
 The outstanding guarantees as at 30 June are as follows:
Group Company
2024 2023 2024 2023
Continuing operations
Performance and advance payment 
guarantees to customers of:
– subsidiaries – – 1,582 1,582
– the Group 2,318 2,184 – –
 In addition, the Group guarantees the payment by its customers under a risk sharing arrangement with a third party 
leasing company in connection with the sale of its equipment up to a pre-determined amount. As at 30 June 2024, the 
total outstanding risk sharing amount on which the Group has an obligation to pay the leasing company should the 
customers default, amounted to RM102 million (2023: RM197 million).
b. Capital commitments
 Contracted capital expenditure not provided for in the financial statements:
Group 2024 2023
– Property, plant and equipment 664 962
– Other capital expenditure 9 15
673 977
 The Company did not have any capital commitments as at 30 June 2024 (2023: Nil).
Annual Report 2024
PG. 260
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 263 ----
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows:
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Industrial – Subsidiaries
Chubb Malaysia Sendirian 
Berhad
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Marketing, installation, rental and 
servicing of security products
Sime Darby Electropack 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Manufacturing and general assembly of 
agricultural and industrial machinery
Sime Darby Energy 
Solutions Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Presales, sales, installation, 
commissioning and post-sales support 
of engineering and technology 
solutions for oil and gas, co-
generation and renewable energy 
industries
Sime Darby Industrial 
Academy Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Conducting vocational training 
programmes and activities
Sime Darby Industrial 
Holdings Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Sime Darby Industrial 
Power Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 91.2 91.2 1 Trading of heavy machinery and spare 
parts and provision of after-sales 
services
Sime Darby Industrial 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Sale of equipment and spare parts and 
service support for Caterpillar 
business, other material handling 
equipment and industrial cleaners, and 
supply and installation of co-
generation systems
Sime Darby Joy Industries 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Designing and manufacturing of heat 
exchangers, radiators, process 
equipment modules, filters and 
separators for general as well as oil 
and gas industries
Sime Darby Material 
Handling Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Sale and distribution of lift trucks and 
spare parts, and the rental and 
servicing of other material handling 
equipment
Sime Surveillance  
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Provision of security services
Site Technology Asia 
Pacific Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Sales and services support of technology 
hardware and software for digital 
connected work site for heavy and 
highway construction applications
PG. 261
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 264 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Industrial – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Tractors Petroleum 
Services Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Supply, rental, repair and maintenance 
of Caterpillar engines and other 
equipment for the oil and gas industry
Sime Darby Industrial (B) 
Sdn Bhd
Brunei 70.0 70.0 3 Sale of equipment, parts and service 
support for the Caterpillar business, 
assembly and marketing of agricultural 
and industrial equipment and 
implementation and distribution of 
quarrying and road construction 
equipment
Mecomb Singapore 
Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Manufacture, installation, import and 
sale of industrial equipment and 
components
Sime Darby Eastern 
Investments Private 
Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 
Investment holding
Sime Darby Eastern 
Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Energy  
Pte Ltd
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Industrial 
Singapore Pte Ltd
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2
Tractors Machinery 
International Pte Ltd
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Sale, installation and service of marine 
and other equipment and parts
Tractors Singapore 
Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Sale, rental, service and assembly of 
heavy equipment and spare parts
CICA Vietnam Company 
Limited
Vietnam – 100.0 3 Supply of industrial equipment, 
machinery, spare parts and after-sales 
services including maintenance and 
repairing services
Foshan Sime Darby Elco 
Power Equipment 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Distribution of Perkins engine products, 
spare parts and provision of after-
sales services
Guangzhou Sime Darby 
Sitech Energy Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 3 Sale, hire and servicing survey 
equipment and sale of equipment and 
spare parts and service support for 
Perkins and FGW business
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 262
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 265 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Industrial – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Sime Darby CEL 
Machinery (Guangdong) 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 
Sale of equipment and spare parts and 
service support for the Caterpillar 
business
Sime Darby CEL 
Machinery (Guangxi) 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby CEL 
Machinery (Hunan) 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby CEL 
Machinery (Jiangxi) 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby CEL 
Machinery (Xinjiang) 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby SEM Dealer 
(Fujian) Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Sale of equipment and spare parts and 
service support for the SEM business
Xiamen Sime Darby CEL 
Machinery Co Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2 Sale of equipment and spare parts and 
service support for the Caterpillar 
business
Sime Darby CEL (South 
China) Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Sime Darby Elco Power 
Systems Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Distribution of Perkins engine products 
and spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services
The China Engineers 
Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Sale of equipment and spare parts and 
service support for the Caterpillar 
business
Sime Darby Elco Power 
Japan Limited
Japan 100.0 100.0 4 
Distribution of Perkins engine products, 
spare parts and provision of after-
sales servicesSime Darby Elco Power 
Korea Limited
South Korea 100.0 100.0 4
Tractors Singapore 
(Maldives) Private 
Limited
Maldives 100.0 100.0 3 Sale and rental of engines, power 
systems, assembly and product 
support for industrial machinery and 
parts in the Republic of Maldives and 
other incidental businesses and 
associated to each of the foregoing
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 263
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 266 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Industrial – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Austchrome Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Chroming and hydraulic repairs
Decoda Digital Services 
Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Supply of productivity improvement 
services to the mining industry
Hastings Deering 
(Australia) Limited
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Sale, rental and servicing for Caterpillar 
products, hardchroming and hydraulic 
repair
Hastings Deering 
Property Services  
Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 4 Leasing entity and effective lessee for 
Hastings Deering (Australia) Limited’s 
core industrial property assets
Haynes Mechanical  
Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Labour hire/contracting, sale of mining 
machinery parts, service and repair 
and crane hire
Heavy Maintenance 
Group Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
HMG Hardchrome 
Pty  Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Manufacture, refurbishment and surface 
finishing of equipment used in the 
heavy industrial sector
Onsite Rental Group 
Limited
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Onsite Rental Group 
Operations Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 
Construction and mining equipment 
rental business
Prime Rentals Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 100.0 2
Salmon Earthmoving 
Holdings Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Rental and servicing of heavy 
earthmoving equipment
Sime Darby Allied 
Operations Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 4 
Investment holding
Sime Darby Industrial 
Australia Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2
TFP Engineering Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Labour hire/contracting, services and 
repair of mining machinery parts, as 
well as the crane hire business
Cavill Power Systems 
Pty  Ltd
Australia 100.0 – 2 Investment holding
Cavpower Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 – 2 Sale, rental and servicing for Caterpillar 
products
Cavrent Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 – 2 Caterpillar rental operations business
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 264
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 267 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Industrial – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Cobar Mining Services 
Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 – 2 Property Holding
Kagera Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 – 2 
Investment holdingKuxton Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 – 2
Power Systems Holdings 
Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 – 2
R Cavill Holdings Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 – 2 
Property holding
Rawnsley Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 – 2
Sime Darby Industrial 
Machinery Australasia 
Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 – 2 Investment holding
Caltrac SAS New 
Caledonia
100.0 100.0 3 Sale of equipment and spare parts and 
service support for the Caterpillar 
business
SCI Sime Darby Invest NC New 
Caledonia
100.0 100.0 4 Property investment
Sime Darby (NZ) Holdings 
Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 
Investment holdingGough Group Limited New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Industrial 
(NZ) Holdings Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2
Sitech Construction NZ 
Limited
New Zealand 67.7 66.0 2 Sale and servicing of Trimble 
Technology technical construction 
products
Terra Industrial Finance 
Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Whitelabel financing for the Caterpillar 
dealership business
Terra Industrial New 
Zealand Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 
Sale of equipment and spare parts and 
service support for the Caterpillar 
business
Hastings Deering (PNG) 
Limited
Papua New 
Guinea
100.0 100.0 2
Hastings Deering 
(Solomon Islands) 
Limited
Solomon 
Islands
100.0 100.0 3
Haynes Group (USA) 
Holdings Inc.
United States 
of America
100.0 100.0 4 Investment holding
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 265
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 268 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Industrial – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Haynes Group (USA) 
Holdings LLC.
United States 
of America
100.0 100.0 4 Provision of a patented hydraulic jacking 
system for the maintenance of slew 
bearing in electric rope and hydraulic 
mining shovels
Industrial – Joint 
ventures
Terberg Tractors Malaysia 
Sdn Bhd group
Malaysia 50.0 50.0 1 Marketing, distributing and servicing of 
Terberg terminal tractors and 
investment holding
Mine Energy Holdings 
Pty Ltd group
Australia 50.0 50.0 2 Service provider for end-to-end energy 
solution to the mobile mining industry
Industrial – Associates
Kubota Malaysia Sdn Bhd Malaysia 40.0 40.0 1 Distribution, rental and provision of 
support services of a wide range of 
light equipment and related spares for 
use in the agricultural, construction 
and industrial sectors
Gas Malaysia Synergy 
Drive Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 30.0 30.0 1 Sale and supply of electricity, steam, 
chilled water, hot water, hot air and/
or other utilities to customers
APac Energy Rental 
Pte  Ltd group
Singapore 30.0 30.0 3 Rental of industrial machines and 
equipment
Chubb Singapore Private 
Limited group
Singapore 30.0 30.0 2 Assembly and sale of security and fire 
protection products and provision of 
related security services
FG Wilson Asia Pte Ltd Singapore 50.0 50.0 2 Sale, servicing and/or assembly of 
industrial machinery and equipment
Energy Power Systems 
Australia Pty Ltd
Australia 40.0 20.0 2 Distribution and rental of Caterpillar 
engine and associated products
Sitech Construction 
Systems Pty Ltd
Australia 34.0 30.6 3 Sale and servicing of Trimble 
Technology construction products
IR4 Pty Ltd Australia 30.4 30.4 4 Supplier of end to end automation 
solutions for heavy manufacturing and 
engineering industries
Ultimate Positioning 
Group Pty Ltd
Australia 32.7 29.4 3 Sale, hire and servicing of Trimble 
surveying equipment
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 266
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 269 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Industrial – Associates 
(continued)
Buildingpoint New 
Zealand Limited
New Zealand 49.0 49.0 2 Distribution of Trimble hardware and 
software for the building and 
construction industry
Geosystems New Zealand 
Limited
New Zealand 65.7 49.0 2 Sale, hire and servicing of Trimble 
surveying equipment
Motors – Subsidiaries
Auto Bavaria Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Hyundai-Sime Darby 
Motors Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Sale and distribution of passenger and 
light commercial vehicles and spare 
parts and renting of properties
Inokom Corporation 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 53.8 53.5 1 Manufacture and assembly of light 
commercial and passenger vehicles, 
and contract assembly of motor 
vehicles
Jaguar Land Rover 
(Malaysia) Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 60.0 60.0 1 Importation, distribution and retail of 
motor vehicles and spare parts and 
provision of after-sales services
Lead Engineering 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Manufacturing and assembly of 
modulars for motor vehicles
Sime Darby Auto 
Assembly Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Manufacturing and assembly of auto 
components for motor vehicles
Sime Darby Auto Bavaria 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Provision of management services to 
related companies, retail of motor 
vehicles and spare parts, provision of 
after-sales services and importer of 
completely knocked down packs
Sime Darby Auto 
ConneXion Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Distribution and retail of motor vehicles, 
spare parts and accessories and 
provision of after-sales services 
Sime Darby Auto 
Engineering Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Assembly of internal combustion engine 
and other modular assembly for motor 
vehicles 
Sime Darby Auto Hyundai 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 56.0 51.0 1 Retail of motor vehicles, spare parts and 
accessories, and provision of after-
sales services
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 267
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 270 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Sime Darby Auto Imports 
Sdn Bhd 
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Importation of motor vehicles and spare 
parts and trading of completely 
knocked down motor vehicles
Sime Darby Auto Interior 
Sdn Bhd (formerly 
known as Associated 
Motor Industries 
Malaysia Sdn Bhd)
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Manufacturing and assembly of 
modulars for motor vehicles
Sime Darby Auto Module 
Sdn Bhd (formerly 
known as Hyundai-
Sime Darby Berhad)
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Manufacturing and assembly of 
modulars for motors vehicles
Sime Darby Auto 
Performance Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 70.0 70.0 1 Distribution and retail of motor vehicles, 
spare parts and accessories and 
provision of after-sales services
Sime Darby Auto 
Selection Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Retail of used motor vehicles, spare 
parts and accessories and provision of 
after-sales services
Sime Darby Auto 
Stuttgart Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Manufacturing and assembly of auto 
components for motor vehicles
Sime Darby Beyond Auto 
Sdn Bhd (formerly 
known as Sime Darby 
Auto Britannia Sdn  Bhd)
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Sale and distribution of motor vehicles 
and provision of after-sales services
Sime Darby EV Auto 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Manufacturing and assembly of 
modulars for motor vehicles
Sime Darby Hyundai 
Integrated Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 56.0 51.0 1 Distribution of motor vehicles
Sime Darby Hyundai 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 56.0 51.0 1 Importation of vehicles and investment 
holding
Sime Darby Motors 
Manufacturing Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 
Investment holding
Sime Darby Motors 
Overseas Holdings 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Motors 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 268
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 271 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Sime Darby Rent-A-Car 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Hiring of vehicles to the general public 
and sourcing, purchasing and 
supplying of vehicles
Sime Darby Swedish Auto 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Retail of motor vehicles, spare parts and 
accessories and provision of after-
sales services
Europe Automobiles 
Corporation Holdings 
Pte Ltd
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 
Investment holding
Performance Motors 
Indonesia Pte Ltd
Singapore 60.0 60.0 2
Performance Motors 
Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 
Motor vehicles dealership
Performance Munich 
Autos Pte Ltd
Singapore 60.0 60.0 2
Performance Premium 
Selection Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Used cars retailer, wholesaler and 
exporter
Sime Darby Motor 
Holdings Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding and provision of 
corporate services to group entities
Sime Darby Services 
Private Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Rental of motor vehicles
Sime Darby Singapore 
Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 General insurance agency business
Sime Singapore Limited Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Vantage Automotive 
Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Motor vehicles dealership
PT Performance Motors 
Indonesia
Indonesia 60.0 60.0 2 Operates BMW and MINI dealership 
businesses
Performance Motors 
(Thailand) Limited
Thailand 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Performance Motors Don 
Mueang (Thailand) 
Limited
Thailand 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of used motor vehicles and spare 
parts and provision of after-sales 
services
Sime Darby (Thailand) 
Limited
Thailand 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding and provision of 
management services
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 269
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 272 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Sime Darby Auto Sports 
Limited (formerly 
known as Sime Darby 
Auto Services Limited)
Thailand 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Beijing Sime Darby 
Chuang Jie Motors 
Sales and Services 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail agent of motor vehicles and retail 
of spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services
Beijing Sime Darby Qi 
Yue Motor Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 
Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Changsha Bow Chuang 
Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 – 2
Changsha Bow Yue 
Vehicle Services Co Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2
Changsha Chuang Yue 
Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Changsha Sime Darby 
Motor Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Changsha Yue Zhi Bow 
Motor Sales and 
Services Co. Ltd.
China 100.0 100.0 2
Chengdu Bow Chuang 
Vehicle Sales & Service 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Chengdu Bow Yue Used 
Cars Centre Co Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of used cars and provision of 
related services
Chengdu Bow Yue 
Vehicle Company Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding, retail of motor 
vehicles and spare parts and provision 
of after-sales services
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 270
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 273 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Chongqing Bow Chuang 
Motor Sales & Services 
Co Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2 
Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Chongqing Sime Darby 
Motor Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Chongqing Yue Zhi Bow 
Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Dali Bow Yue Motors 
Sales and Services 
Company Limited
China 65.0 65.0 2
Dongguan Chuang Yi 
Motor Sales and 
Services Limited 
Company
China 100.0 100.0 2
Foshan Bow Chuang 
Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Foshan Sime Darby Used 
Cars Sales Company 
Limited
China 100.0 – 2 Retail of used cars and provision of 
related services
Guangdong Bow Yue 
Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services
Guangzhou Bow Yue 
Vehicle Trading Co Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts
Guangzhou Sime Darby 
Fu Yue Motors Sales 
and Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Guangzhou Xiang Yue 
Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 271
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 274 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Hainan Bow Yue Vehicles 
Trading and Services 
Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2 
Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Hangzhou Sime Darby 
Trading Co Ltd
China 60.0 60.0 2
Huizhou Sime Darby Zhi 
Yue Sales and Services 
Company Limited
China 100.0 – 2 Retail agent of motor vehicles and retail 
spare and provision of after-sales 
services
Jiangmen Yue Zhi Bow 
Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 
Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Kunming Bow Chuang 
Motor Sales and 
Services Co Ltd
China 65.0 65.0 2
Kunming Sime Darby Fu 
Yue Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Nanjing Sime Darby 
Motors Sales & 
Services Co Ltd
China 60.0 60.0 2
Qujing Bow Kai Motors 
Sales & Services Co 
Limited
China 65.0 65.0 2
Shanghai Qi Zhi Yue 
Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Shanghai Sime Darby 
Motor Commerce Co 
Ltd
China 60.0 60.0 2 Investment holding and retail of motor 
vehicles
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 272
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 275 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Shanghai Sime Darby 
Motor Sales and 
Services Co Ltd
China 60.0 60.0 2 
Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Shanghai Sime Darby 
Motor Trading Co., Ltd
China 60.0 60.0 2
Shanghai Sime Darby 
Motor Enterprises Co., 
Ltd
China 60.0 60.0 2
Shanghai Yue Zhi Bow 
Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Shantou Bow Yue 
Dehong Motors 
Services Co Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services for motor vehicles
Shantou Bow Yue Vehicle 
Trading Co Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2 
Retail of motor vehicles and spare partsShenzhen Bow Chuang 
Vehicle Trading Co Ltd  
China
China 100.0 100.0 2
Shenzhen Bow Chuang 
Sime Darby Motors 
Sales and Services 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services for motor vehicles
Shenzhen Bow Yue 
Motors Sales & 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Shenzhen Sime Darby 
Chen Yue Motors Sales 
and Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Agent retail of motor vehicles and retail 
of spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 273
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 276 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Shenzhen Sime Darby Fu 
Yue Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 
Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Shenzhen Sime Darby 
New Energy Vehicles 
Sales and Services 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Shenzhen Sime Darby Qi 
Chuang Motors Sales 
and Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Shenzhen Sime Darby Qi 
Yue Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
Shenzhen Sime Darby 
Used Cars Centre 
Company Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of used cars and provision of 
related services
Shenzhen Sime Darby Zhi 
Yue Motors Sales and 
Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Agent retail of motor vehicles and retail 
of spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services
Sime Darby Greater China 
Enterprise 
Management 
(Shenzhen) Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2 Provision of consultation services to 
Sime Darby Motors China group of 
companies
Tianjin Sime Darby 
Chuang Jie Motors 
Sales and Services 
Company Limited
China 100.0 – 2 Retail agent of motor vehicles and retail 
of spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services
Yunnan Bow Yue Vehicle 
Trading Co Ltd
China 65.0 65.0 2 Investment holding, retail of motor 
vehicles and spare parts and provision 
of after-sales services
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 274
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 277 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Yunnan Dekai Bow Ma 
Motors Technology & 
Service Co Ltd
China 65.0 65.0 2 
Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales servicesZhongshan Sime Darby 
Qi Yue Motor Sales 
and Services Company 
Limited
China 100.0 100.0 2
BMW Concessionaires 
(HK) Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding, distribution and 
retail of motor vehicles, provision of 
after-sales services and leasing motor 
vehicles
Bow Ma Motors (South 
China) Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding, leasing of motor 
vehicles and provision of electric 
vehicle charging service
Goodwood Motors 
Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Distribution and retail of motor vehicles 
and spare parts and provision of 
after-sales servicesIsland Motors Limited Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2
Marksworth Limited Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 
Investment holding
Sime Darby Chuang Jie 
Motors (Hong Kong) 
Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Hoi Shing 
Motors (Hong Kong) 
Limited
Hong Kong 65.0 65.0 2
Sime Darby Hongkong 
Finance Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Provision of intra-group financial 
services
Sime Darby Insurance 
Brokers (Hong Kong) 
Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Insurance brokers 
Sime Darby Kai Yuet 
Motors (Hong Kong) 
Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Sime Darby Managing 
Agency (Hong Kong) 
Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Insurance agency
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 275
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 278 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Sime Darby Motor Group 
(HK) Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 
Investment holding
Sime Darby Motor Group 
(PRC) Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Motor 
Services Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding, distribution and 
retail of motor vehicles and spare 
parts, after-sales services, 
management services and property 
investment
Sime Darby Peng Yue 
Motors (Hong Kong) 
Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 – 4 Importation, distribution and retail of 
motor vehicles and provision of 
after-sales services
Universal Automobile 
Company Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Distribution and retail of motor vehicles 
and spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services and leasing of 
motor vehicles
Universal Cars (Importers) 
Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Universal Cars Limited Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Distribution and retail of motor vehicles 
and spare parts and provision of 
after-sales services
Wallace Harper & 
Company Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Holder of car testing licence
Wallace Harper Motors 
Company Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Distribution, retail of motor vehicles and 
spare parts and provision of after-
sales services and leasing of motor 
vehicles
Warwick Motors Limited Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
BMW Concessionaires 
(Macau) Limited
Macau 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts, 
provision of after-sales services and 
investment holding
Harper Engineering 
(Macau) Limited
Macau 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of motor vehicles and spare parts 
and provision of after-sales services
Sime Darby Auto Kia Co 
Ltd
Taiwan 100.0 100.0 2 Wholesale and retail of vehicles, spare 
parts and accessories and repairs and 
maintenance of vehicles
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 276
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 279 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Sime Darby Kia Taiwan 
Co Ltd
Taiwan 100.0 100.0 2 Importation and wholesale of vehicles, 
parts and accessories, repairs and 
maintenance of vehicles and other 
automotive services
Brisbane BMW Bodyshop 
Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Operates the business of BMW parts, 
panels and accessories
Brisbane BMW Unit Trust Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Owns motor dealerships
LMM Holdings Pty Ltd Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Operates Brisbane BMW Unit Trust’s 
motor dealerships
Sime Darby Automobiles 
Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding in retail dealership 
property
Sime Darby Fleet Services 
Pty Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Vehicle rental and related mechanical 
services
Sime Darby Motors 
Group (Australia) Pty 
Limited
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding and provision of 
management services
Sime Darby Motors Retail 
Australia Pty Limited
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of motor vehicles and provision of 
after-sales services
Sime Darby Motors 
Wholesale Australia Pty 
Limited
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding and vehicle rental 
services
Sime Darby Transport 
Holdings Australia 
Pty  Ltd
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Transport Engineering 
Solutions Pty Limited
Australia 100.0 100.0 2 Design, supply and installation of 
transportation and related equipment
Continental Car Services 
Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of new and used passenger cars 
and light commercial vehicles, spare 
parts and accessories and provision of 
after-sales services
Hino Distributors (NZ) 
Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Distribution and retail of trucks
Motor Truck Distributors 
(NZ) Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Distribution and retail of trucks and 
buses
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 277
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 280 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Motors – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
North Shore Motor 
Holdings Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Retail of new and used passenger cars, 
spare parts and accessories and 
provision of related services
SD Distributors (NZ) 
Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Import and distribution business
Sime Darby Property (NZ) 
Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Management of property leases for the 
Sime Darby Motors NZ Group
Sime Darby Commercial 
(NZ) Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Sime Darby Fleet Services 
(NZ) Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Vehicle rental and related mechanical 
services
Sime Darby Motor Group 
(NZ) Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 
Investment holding
Sime Darby Transport 
Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Transport 
(NZ) Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Design, supply and installation of 
transportation and related equipment
Truck Stops (NZ) Limited New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Provision of spare parts and services for 
trucks
UD Truck Distributors 
(NZ) Limited
New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2 Distribution and retail of trucks, spare 
parts and accessories and provision of 
after-sales services
Motors – Associates
Autotek Sdn Bhd Malaysia 20.0 – 4 Provision of automotive software as a 
service and software services
BMW Malaysia Sdn Bhd Malaysia 49.0* 49.0* 1 Sale and distribution of motor vehicles 
and motorcycles
Sime Kansai Paints 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 40.0 40.0 3 Manufacturing, selling and marketing of 
automotive and industrial paints
BMW Financial Services 
Hong Kong Limited
Hong Kong 49.0 49.0 2 Provision of instalment finance and hire 
purchase facilities
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 278
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 281 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
UMW – Subsidiaries
Assembly Services 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 51.0 – 3 Assembly of passenger and commercial 
vehicles
Automotive Industries 
Sendirian Berhad
Malaysia 51.0 – 3 Manufacturing and selling of vehicle 
exhaust systems and other automotive 
components
KYB-UMW Malaysia 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 52.1 – 1 Manufacture and assembly of vehicle 
shock absorbers
Otomobil Sejahtera 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 3 Importing, retailing and servicing of 
passenger and commercial vehicles 
and engaged in the operation of 
vehicle workshop services
Sime Darby Enterprise 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Toyota Boshoku UMW 
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 33.2 – 3 Manufacturing of seats and other 
automotive components
UMW (East Malaysia) 
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 74.0 – 3 Distribution of industrial and heavy 
equipment and related spares
UMW Aero Assets 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Ownership and leasing of equipment 
and tools
UMW Aerospace 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Manufacturing of aerospace engine 
component products
UMW Automotive 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Investment holding
UMW Corporation 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Provision of corporate, administrative, 
professional, security services and 
financial support to its subsidiaries 
and associated companies. In addition, 
the company also trades in a range of 
light and heavy equipment
UMW Development 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Engaged in the businesses of property 
investment and development, project 
management consultancy services and 
facilities management services
UMW Equipment Division 
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Provision of management support to the 
companies in equipment division
UMW Equipment 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 74.0 – 3 Trading and hiring of industrial, heavy 
and material handling equipment and 
related spares
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 279
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 282 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
UMW – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
UMW Grantt 
International Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Manufacturing, distributing, selling and 
trading of lubricants, greases and 
specialty products
UMW Holdings Berhad Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Investment holding
UMW India Ventures (L) 
Ltd.
Malaysia 75.0 – 1 Investment holding
UMW Industrial Power 
Services Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Total power solution provider
UMW Industries (1985) 
Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 74.0 – 1 Trading and hiring of industrial and 
material handling equipment and 
related spares
UMW Innovation and 
R&D Centre Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Conduct innovation and Research and 
Development (“R&D”) activities with a 
focus on business and environmental 
sustainability, related to automation, 
emerging technologies and integrated 
green technology, pre-
commercialisation and related 
activities for the completed R&D 
prototypes and all other things as are 
incidental or conducive to the 
attainment of the above businesses
UMW IT Services 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Providing internal information 
technology support and services for 
all technology related assets and 
business
UMW Komatsu Heavy 
Equipment Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 74.0 – 3 Provision of management support and 
provides consultancy services to its 
subsidiaries
UMW Land Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Investment holding and property 
development
UMW Lubetech 
Sdn.  Bhd. (formerly 
known as Lubetech 
Sdn. Bhd.)
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Blending and packaging of lubricants
UMW Lubricant 
International Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Manufacturing and trading of lubricants 
and specialty products
UMW M&E Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Manufacturing and trading of filtration 
products and auto components
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 280
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 283 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
UMW – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
UMW Pennzoil 
Distributors Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Marketing, selling and distribution of 
“Pennzoil” branded lubricants
UMW Petropipe (L) Ltd. Malaysia 100.0 – 1 Investment holding
UMW Sher (L) Ltd. Malaysia 50.8 – 1 Provide contract drilling and engineering 
services for the oil and gas industry 
and leasing of drilling rigs and vessels
UMW Toyota Material 
Handling Sdn. Bhd.
Malaysia 74.0 – 1 Investment holding and the provision of 
management support for material 
handling business and consultancy 
services to its subsidiaries
UMW Toyota Motor 
Sdn.  Bhd.
Malaysia 51.0 – 3 Manufacturer and assembly of motor 
vehicles and other related activities 
and renting and leasing of motor 
vehicles. In addition, UMWT provides 
administrative, professional and 
financial services support to the 
subsidiaries within the UMWT group
UMW Industrial 
Equipment (Shanghai) 
Co. Ltd.
China 74.0 – 3 Marketing of industrial equipment and 
provision of after-sales and repair 
services for equipment rental and 
industrial equipment
UMW Industrial Trading 
(Shanghai) Co. Ltd.
China 74.0 – 3 Marketing of Toyota industrial 
equipment, Aerex and other airport 
ground support equipment and 
environmental products
Vision Fleet Equipment 
Leasing (Zheijiang) Co. 
Ltd.
China 74.0 – 3 Rental and fleet management services 
mainly for products distributed by the 
UMW group in China
Jaybee Drilling Private 
Limited
India 45.0 – 3 Onshore drilling activities in India
PT UMW International Indonesia 100.0 – 3 Engaged in lubricants supply and 
equipment
UMW Engineering 
Services Limited
Myanmar 74.0 – 3 Provision of after-sales services for 
equipment and maintenance and 
repair of equipment
UMW Niugini Limited Papua New 
Guinea
75.5 – 3 Trading and hiring of industrial and 
material handling equipment and 
related service and spare parts
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 281
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 284 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
UMW – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
UMW Equipment & 
Engineering Pte Ltd
Singapore 74.0 – 2 Import, distribute, rent and service all 
types of industrial equipment and 
related parts
UMW Equipment 
Systems Pte Ltd
Singapore 74.0 – 2 Investment holding
UMW Heavy Equipment 
(S) Pte Ltd
Singapore 74.0 – 3 Import, distribute, rent and service all 
types of heavy equipment and related 
spares
UMW Equipment 
Systems (Vietnam) 
Company Limited
Vietnam 74.0 – 2 Provides spare parts and equipment, 
repair and maintenance service, and 
lease out equipment such as forklifts 
and material handling, industrial and 
heavy equipment
UMW – Joint ventures
Lubritech International 
Holdings Limited group
Hong Kong 60.0+ – 3 Production and distribution of lubricants 
and related activities
UMW – Associates
E-Lock Corporation 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 20.1 – 3 Investment holding and research, 
development and distribution of 
computer software, solutions and 
services
Perusahaan Otomobil 
Kedua Sdn Bhd group 
and its associates
Malaysia 38.0 – 3 Manufacturing, assembly and 
distribution of motor vehicles, spare 
parts and other related activities
Toyota Capital Malaysia 
Sdn Bhd group
Malaysia 30.0 – 3 Provision of lease and hire purchase 
financing (conventional and Islamic)
UMW Toyotsu Motors 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 30.0 – 3 Wholesale and retail of new and used 
motor vehicles and maintenance and 
repair of motor vehicles
Others – Subsidiaries 
KINETA Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Systems integration, marketing, installer 
and operator of comprehensive range 
of advanced electronic and electric 
vehicle supply equipment, and 
provider of e-mobility solutions
Kumpulan Sime Darby 
Berhad
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Property investment
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 282
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 285 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Others – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Sime Darby Allied 
Products Berhad
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 
Investment holding
Sime Darby Energy 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Engineering 
Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Engineering, procurement, construction, 
installation, hook-up and 
commissioning services relating to the 
oil and gas industry
Sime Darby Holdings 
Berhad
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding, property investment 
and provision of management services 
to Group companies
Sime Darby Holiday 
Homes Sdn Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Property management services and 
childcare services for employees
Sime Darby Insurance 
Pte  Ltd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Underwriting of onshore and offshore 
captive insurance business
Sime Darby Lockton 
Insurance Brokers 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 60.0 60.0 1 Insurance and reinsurance broking, 
insurance advisory and consultancy 
services
Sime Darby Logistics 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Sime Darby Malaysia 
Berhad
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Holding of trademarks
Sime Darby Ventures 
Sdn  Bhd
Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1 Investment holding
Sime Darby (China) 
Enterprise 
Management Co Ltd
China 100.0 100.0 2 Provision of services, including human 
resource management, corporate 
management, economic consultancy 
and investment consultancy services 
to domestic companies established by 
the Group; Undertaking outsourced 
services from overseas companies
Sime Darby Eastern 
International Limited
Singapore 100.0 100.0 2 Investment holding
Sime Darby Insurance 
Brokers (Singapore) 
Pte  Ltd
Singapore 100.0 100.0 3 Insurance brokers and consultants
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
PG. 283
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 286 ----
Name of company
Country/
territory of
business/
incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors Principal activities2024 2023
Others – Subsidiaries 
(continued)
Sime Darby Far East 
(1991) Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2 
Investment holdingSime Darby Hong Kong 
Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Overseas 
(HK) Limited
Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2
Others – Joint ventures
Malaysia–China Hydro 
Joint Venture
Malaysia 48.9 48.9 1 Engineering, procurement and 
construction work
Ramsay Sime Darby 
Health Care Sdn Bhd 
group
Malaysia – 50.0 1 Operation of healthcare facilities and 
related healthcare services
Others – Associates
Yayasan Sime Darby Malaysia @ @ 1 Administration of scholarship awards 
and educational loans and undertake 
sports, environmental conservation 
and sustainability projects
Jining Port and Shipping 
Port Services Co Ltd
China – 29.4* 3 Port tallying services, sale of equipment 
for water transportation of coal, 
building materials, agricultural and 
sideline products, loading and 
unloading, storage of general goods 
and investment activities
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are active as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: (continued)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 284
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 287 ----
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which are dormant/inactive as at 30 June 2024 are as follows:
Name of company
Country/territory of
business/incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors2024 2023
Industrial – Subsidiaries
Associated Tractors Sendirian Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Shandong Equipment Malaysia Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby TMR Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Mecomb (Thailand) Limited Thailand 100.0 100.0 2
CICA Limited Channel Islands – 100.0 3
Motors – Subsidiaries 
Sime Darby Mazda (Thailand) LimitedThailand 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Vantage (Thailand) Limited Thailand 100.0 100.0 2
Tianjin Sime Winner Motors Trading Co., Ltd China 60.0 60.0 2
AutoFrance China Limited Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Management Services Limited Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Winner Holdings Limited Hong Kong 60.0 60.0 2
SimeWinner Nissan Autocrafts Limited Hong Kong 60.0 60.0 2
Palfinger Australia Pty Limited Australia 100.0 100.0 2
Continental Cars Limited New Zealand 100.0 100.0 2
UMW – Subsidiaries 
UMW Ace (BVI) Ltd. British Virgin Islands 70.0 – 4
UMW Machinery Limited Myanmar 100.0 – 3
UMW – Joint venture
PT Pusaka Bersatu Indonesia 49.0 – 3
Others – Subsidiaries
Golden Hope Plantations BerhadMalaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Kumpulan Guthrie Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Marine Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Nominees Sendirian Berhad Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Water Resources Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Water Resources (Perak) Sdn Bhd Malaysia 75.0 75.0 1
Sime Engineering Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 100.0 1
Sime Darby Marine (Hong Kong) Private Limited Hong Kong 100.0 100.0 2
Sime Darby Investment (BVI) Limited British Virgin Islands 100.0 100.0 4
Others – Associate
Sime Darby Almana WLL Qatar 49.0 49.0 4
PG. 285
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 288 ----
51 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
 Subsidiaries and joint venture placed under members’ voluntary liquidation/deregistered are as follows:
Name of company
Country/territory of
business/incorporation
Group’s effective
interest (%)
Auditors2024 2023
Industrial – Subsidiaries
Sime Darby Yangon Limited Myanmar – 100.0# 4
Industrial – Joint venture
Sime Darby Gas Malaysia BioCNG Sdn BhdMalaysia 51.0+# 51.0+# 4
Motors – Subsidiaries
Europe Automobiles Company LimitedVietnam 100.0# 100.0# 4
Performance Motors Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam 100.0# 100.0# 4
UMW – Subsidiaries
U-TravelWide Sdn Bhd Malaysia 100.0 – 4
UMW Linepipe (L) Ltd Malaysia 100.0 – 4
UMW M&E Limited Malaysia 100.0 – 4
UMW Oilfield International (L) Ltd Malaysia 100.0 – 4
Notes:
1 – audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT Malaysia.
2 – audited by member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, which are separate and independent legal entities from PricewaterhouseCoopers 
PLT Malaysia.
3 – audited by firms other than member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited.
4 – no legal requirement to appoint auditors or auditors yet to be appointed.
+ – notwithstanding the Group holds more than 50% equity interest in this company, the investment is classified as a joint venture (and not a subsidiary) 
as significant decisions require unanimous consent from all its shareholders.
* – notwithstanding the Group holds more than 20% equity interest in these companies, the investment is classified as a financial asset at fair value 
through profit or loss (and not associate or joint venture) due to the Group’s restricted influence pursuant to their shareholder agreements.
@ – Yayasan Sime Darby is a company without share capital, limited by guarantee.
# – liquidation in progress.
52 MATERIAL EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
a) On 23 August 2024, the Group entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Komatsu Ltd. to divest the Group’s 
entire equity interest in the UKHE group. The transaction is expected to be completed in the financial year ending 
30  June 2025.
b) On 24 September 2024, the Group completed the disposal of 1,382.2 acres of land located in the Malaysia Vision 
Valley area in Labu, Negeri Sembilan to NS Corporation for a cash consideration of RM460 million.
53 APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 The financial statements have been approved for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on 
26  September 2024.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 286
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
Amounts in RM million unless otherwise stated

---- Page 289 ----
Number of Issued Shares  : 6,815,597,577 ordinary shares
Voting Right : One vote per ordinary share in the case of a poll and one vote per person on a show of hands
Size of Shareholdings No. of Shareholders % No. of Shares Held %
Less than 100 2,859 8.32 70,296 0.001
100 to 1,000 9,117 26.54 5,339,348 0.08
1,001 to 10,000 16,695 48.60 62,153,852 0.91
10,001 to 100,000 4,402 12.81 126,214,428 1.85
100,001 to less than 5% of issued capital 1,279 3.72 3,150,211,597 46.22
5% and above of issued capital 3 0.01 3,471,608,056 50.94
Total 34,355 100.00 6,815,597,577 100.00
Note:
1 less than 0.01%
Classification of Shareholders No. of Shareholders % No. of Shares Held %
Individuals 25,998 75.67 190,394,167 2.79
Banks/Finance Companies 58 0.17 3,487,428,712 51.17
Investment Trusts/Foundations/Charities 20 0.06 1,821,771 0.03
Industrial and Commercial Companies 576 1.67 89,190,794 1.31
Government Agencies/Institutions 2 0.01 1,365,652 0.02
Nominees 7,699 22.41 3,045,291,206 44.68
Others 2 0.01 105,275 0.001
Trustee 0 0.00 0 0.00
Total 34,355 100.00 6,815,597,577 100.00
Note:
1 less than 0.01%
DIRECTORS’ DIRECT AND INDIRECT INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY AND ITS RELATED CORPORATIONS
Save as disclosed in the Directors’ Report of the Financial Statements as set out on page 151, none of the Directors of the 
Company has any interest, direct or indirect, in the Company and its related corporations.
PG. 287
ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS
as at 6 September 2024

---- Page 290 ----
30 LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS AS PER THE RECORD OF DEPOSITORS
No. Name of Shareholder
No. of
 Shares Held %
1. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 
2,398,355,300 35.19
2. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Employees Provident Fund Board
666,545,707 9.78
3. Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan) 406,707,049 5.97
4. Permodalan Nasional Berhad 312,862,611 4.59
5. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Employees Provident Fund Board (Islamic)
211,857,042 3.11
6. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Malaysia
92,000,000 1.35
7. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Malaysia 3
79,596,000 1.17
8. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc (Firm A/C)
72,446,107 1.06
9. Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
Exempt AN for State Street Bank & Trust Company (West CLT OD67)
69,066,228 1.01
10. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
HSBC BK Plc for Kuwait Investment Office (KIO)
59,870,200 0.88
11. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Employees Provident Fund Board (AHAM AM)
56,791,300 0.83
12. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMCB NA for Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund
55,641,174 0.82
13. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMCB NA for Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund
51,343,136 0.75
14. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Exempt AN for AIA Bhd
49,460,679 0.73
15. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (PAR 1)
47,816,649 0.70
16. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Malaysia 2 – Wawasan
37,000,000 0.54
17. Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Prudential Assurance Malaysia Berhad for Prulink Strategic Fund
34,820,400 0.51
18. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Employees Provident Fund Board (CGS CIMB)
34,077,000 0.50
19. Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
PAMB for Prulink Equity Fund
33,521,727 0.49
20. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
UBS AG
29,462,018 0.43
21. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 3 – Didik 
29,064,600 0.43
22. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMSE LUX for Andra AP-Fonden
28,243,000 0.41
Annual Report 2024
PG. 288
Sime Darby Berhad
ANALYSIS OF S HAREHOLDINGS
as at 6 September 2024

---- Page 291 ----
30 LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS AS PER THE RECORD OF DEPOSITORS (CONTINUED)
No. Name of Shareholder
No. of
 Shares Held %
23. HSBC Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
JPMCB NA for Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company Institutional Total International 
Stock Market Index Trust II
27,805,900 0.41
24. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad
Amanah Saham Bumiputera 2
27,490,000 0.40
25. Cartaban Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
Exempt AN for Barclays Capital Securities Ltd (SBL/PB)
21,635,585 0.32
26. Cartaban Nominee (Asing) Sdn Bhd
BNYM SA/NV for People’s Bank of China (SICL ASIA EM)
20,915,248 0.31
27. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
CBNY for Norges Bank (FI 17)
20,167,784 0.30
28. Citigroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
Great Eastern Life Assurance (Malaysia) Berhad (PAR 3)
19,057,202 0.28
29. Citigroup Nominees (Asing) Sdn Bhd
CB Spore GW for Government of Singapore (GIC C)
18,821,153 0.28
30. Cartaban Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd
PBTB for Takafulink Dana Equiti
17,138,788 0.25
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS PER THE REGISTER OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
No. Name of Substantial Shareholder
No. of Shares Held
(Direct Interest) %
No. of Shares Held
(Indirect/Deemed
 Interest) %
1. AmanahRaya Trustees Berhad 
– Amanah Saham Bumiputera 
2,397,887,300 35.18 – –
2. Employees Provident Fund Board 898,402,749 13.18 150,514,619 2.21
3. Kumpulan Wang Persaraan 
(Diperbadankan)
410,374,549 6.02 36,902,900 0.54
PG. 289


---- Page 292 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of
acquisition
Age of
building
(Years) Description
Net book
value
(RM million)
INDUSTRIAL DIVISION
Malaysia
Selangor Cyber Valley,  
Mukim Dengkil, Sepang, 
Selangor
Leasehold 
expiring 2122
15 2023 – Land under development 45
Kompleks Kejuruteraan,  
Jalan Puchong,  
Taman Perindustrian 
Puchong Utama, Puchong, 
Selangor
Freehold 14 1993 31 Land, commercial office, 
training centre, workshop 
and warehouse
37
Jalan Piasau, Miri;  
Kidurong Light Industrial 
Estate, Bintulu;  
Lorong Then Kung Suk, 
Sibu, Sarawak
Leasehold 
expiring 
2028-2060
4 1982-1986 24-44 Office buildings with 
detached factory, workshop 
and warehouse
3
Semambu Industrial Estate, 
Kuantan, Pahang
Leasehold 
expiring 2041
3 1982 44 Office building with 
detached factory, workshop 
and warehouse
2
Jalan Lahat, Bukit Merah, 
Ipoh, Perak
Leasehold 
expiring 
2036-2056
3 1982-1996 28-44 Office building, factory, 
workshop and warehouse
1
Tuaran Road, Kota Kinabalu, 
Sabah
Leasehold 
expiring 2025
1 1982 44 Office building, training 
centres, workshop and 
warehouse
^
Singapore
Benoi Sector and Jurong Pier, 
Singapore
Leasehold 
expiring 
2025-2032
9 1978-2004 16-53 Office building, warehouse 
and workshop
^
Brunei
Beribi Industrial Estate, 
Bandar Seri Begawan
Leasehold 
expiring 2029
* 2003 21 Office, service centre and 
warehouse
^
Mainland China
Longyan Industrial Zone and 
Shunjiang Juweihui 
Industrial Park, Shunde, 
Guangdong
Leasehold 
expiring 
2043-2045
4 1996-2022 13-27 Land, 2 buildings, warehouse 
and workshops
60
Yifu Garden, Dongguan, 
Guangdong
Leasehold 
expiring 2072
– 2014 10 Staff quarters ^
Changsha and Huaihua, 
Hunan
Leasehold 
expiring 2063
4 2013-2020 8 Industrial land, office 
buildings, warehouse and 
workshop
37
Nanning, Guangxi Leasehold 
expiring 2064
3 2014-2019 5 Industrial land, office 
building with carpark, 
warehouse and workshop
34
Urumqi, Xinjiang Leasehold 
expiring 2060
4 2010-2012 12 Land, office building, 
warehouse and workshop
20
Ji Mei District, Xiamen,  
Fujian
Leasehold 
expiring 2062
1 2012-2015 9 Office buildings, warehouse 
and workshop
12
Xiao Lan Industrial Park, 
Nanchang, Jiangxi
Leasehold 
expiring 2059
1 2009-2023 13 Office building, warehouse 
and workshop
7
Annual Report 2024
PG. 290
Sime Darby Berhad
PROPERTIES OF THE GROUP

---- Page 293 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of
acquisition
Age of
building
(Years) Description
Net book
value
(RM million)
INDUSTRIAL DIVISION 
(continued)
Hong Kong, China
Yuen Long Industrial Estate, 
Yuen Long District
Leasehold 
expiring 2047
2 1993 – Land for office building, 
warehouse and workshop
6
Australia
Mackay, Queensland Freehold 45 1992-2013 8-42 Commercial offices, training 
facilities, workshops and 
warehouses
381
Brisbane, Queensland Freehold
Leasehold 
expiring 2037
7
13
1992-2019 14-78 Land, office buildings, 
warehouse, training facilities 
and workshops
140
Rockhampton, Queensland Freehold 35 1992 9-50 Commercial office, 
workshop, warehouse and 
training facility
111
Toowoomba, Queensland Freehold 4 1992-2012 24-52 Single-storey commercial 
offices, workshop and 
warehouse
46
Townsville, Queensland Freehold 2 1992 50 Commercial offices, 
workshop and warehouse
25
Mt Isa, Queensland Freehold 2 1992-2011 46 Commercial office, workshop 
and warehouse
23
Cairns, Queensland Freehold 1 1992-2008 44 Commercial office, workshop 
and warehouse
17
Nebo, Queensland Freehold 5 2021 19-24 Workshops, warehouse and 
residential house
13
Emerald, Biloela, Moranbah 
and Weipa, Queensland
Freehold 13 1992-1996 27-50 Commercial offices, 
workshops and staff hostels
10
Alice Springs, Darwin and 
Gove, Northern Territory
Freehold 6 1992-2003 18-57 Office buildings, warehouse 
and workshops
23
Gepps Cross and Wingfield, 
Adelaide, South Australia
Freehold 9 2023 3-21 Land, commercial office, 
warehouses and service 
centre
196
Whyalla, Roxby Downs and 
Mt Gambier, South 
Australia and Broken Hill, 
New South Wales
Freehold 12 2023 14-60 Land, warehouses and 
residential houses
11
New Zealand
Severn Street, Napier, 
Hawke’s Bay
Freehold 1 2022 11 Commercial office, workshop 
and warehouse
20
Te Ngae Road, Rotorua, 
Rotorua Lakes
Freehold 1 2019 45 Land, commercial office, 
workshop and warehouse
19
Branston Street,  
Christchurch, Canterbury
Freehold * 2019 12 Land, commercial office, 
workshop and warehouse
17
PG. 291


---- Page 294 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of
acquisition
Age of
building
(Years) Description
Net book
value
(RM million)
INDUSTRIAL DIVISION 
(continued)
New Caledonia
Lotissement ZICO II,  
Paita
Freehold 4 2010, 2023 10 Land, administrative facility, 
warehouse and workshop
62
Noumea and Kouaoua Freehold 2 2000-2004 30 Commercial offices, 
workshops, warehouses and 
residential dwellings
1
Papua New Guinea
Port Moresby,  
Lae and Tabubil
Leasehold 
expiring 
2038-2094
16 1992-2017 28-72 Land, office buildings, sales, 
services and parts facilities 
and staff hostels
24
Solomon Islands
Honiara Facility, Guadalcanal 
Island; Panatina Village, 
Honiara
Leasehold 
expiring 2091
2 1992 40 Office, industrial building, 
workshop, warehouse and 
staff hostels
^
Total Industrial Division 1,403
MOTORS DIVISION
Malaysia
Sime Darby Motors City,  
Ara Damansara, Selangor
Freehold 12 2014-2017 5 Office buildings, showrooms 
and workshops
434
Kajang, Balakong, Selangor Freehold 1 2018 4 Land and showrooms of a 
BMW 4S centre
47
Temasya Industrial Park,  
Shah Alam, Selangor
Freehold 1 2006 19 Office buildings and 
showrooms
11
Bandar Bukit Raja, Klang, 
Selangor
Freehold 10 2008 – Land held for development 
of a pre-delivery inspection 
centre
9
Jalan Tun Razak,  
Kuala Lumpur
Freehold * 2010 14 BMW 4S service centre and 
workshop
47
Jalan Klang Lama,  
Kuala Lumpur
Leasehold 
expiring 2026
* 2015 10 Office building, showroom 
and workshop
1
Padang Meha, Kulim, Kedah
Tebrau, Johor
Freehold
Leasehold 
expiring 
2027-2029
78
1
2004
2020
25
4
Assembly plant
Showroom and workshop
89
10
Singapore
303 & 305 Alexandra Road, 
Singapore
Leasehold 
expiring 
2047-2057
9 2002-2005 16-18 4S centres 218
Ubi Road 4, Singapore Leasehold 
expiring 2041
* 2022 32 3S centre and offices 73
Kampung Arang Road, 
Singapore
Leasehold 
expiring 2034
* 1982 55 Service centre and workshop 8
Annual Report 2024
PG. 292
Sime Darby Berhad
PROPERTIES OF THE GROUP

---- Page 295 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of
acquisition
Age of
building
(Years) Description
Net book
value
(RM million)
MOTORS DIVISION 
(continued)
Thailand
Paradise Road, Bangkok Freehold * 2013-2016 8-11 Land, showrooms, workshops 
and offices
45
Ratchapruk, Nonthaburi Leasehold 
expiring 2042
2 2021 3 Showrooms, workshops and 
offices
23
Ayutthaya,  
Ayutthaya Province
Leasehold 
expiring 2044
1 2023 2 Showrooms, workshops and 
office
15
Viphavadee, Bangkok Leasehold 
expiring 2049
* 2019 4 Showrooms, workshops and 
offices for BMW
14
Pattaya, Chonburi Leasehold 
expiring 2042
5 2022 – Motors facilities under 
construction
12
Charansanitwong Road, 
Bangkok
Leasehold 
expiring 2028
* 2014 9 3S showroom, workshop and 
office
1
Mainland China
Jin Niu District, Chengdu, 
Sichuan
Leasehold 
expiring 2052
1 2008-2011 13-16 BMW 4S centre 63
Pidu District, Chengdu, 
Sichuan
Leasehold 
expiring 2059
2 2021 3 BMW 4S centre 54
Nanzhuang City, Chancheng, 
Foshan, Guangdong
Leasehold 
expiring 2036
1 2021 3 BMW 4S centre 50
Yingbin Road, Panyu, 
Guangzhou, Guangdong
Leasehold 
expiring 2032
1 1999 26 BMW 4S centre 20
Shen Nan Road, Nanshan 
District, Shenzhen, 
Guangdong
Leasehold 
expiring 2042
1 1994 32 BMW 4S centre 13
North Jinxing Road, 
Changsha, Hunan
Jinkai Avenue, Chongqing
Leasehold 
expiring 2052
Leasehold 
expiring 2031
1 
2
2019 
2016
9 
9
BMW 4S centre  
BMW 4S centre
38 
23
Hai Yu Zhong Xian Road  
and Nanhai Road,  
Haikou District, Hainan
Leasehold 
expiring 
2059-2070
2 2000-2004 18-29 BMW 4S centre and service 
centre
20
Qilin Central Business 
District, Qujing, Yunnan
Leasehold 
expiring 2038
* 2019 11 BMW 4S centre 16
Hongqiao land,  
East 3rd Ring, Yunnan
Leasehold 
expiring 2027
2 2010 14 BMW 4S centre 5
PG. 293


---- Page 296 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of
acquisition
Age of
building
(Years) Description
Net book
value
(RM million)
MOTORS DIVISION 
(continued)
Hong Kong, China and 
Macau, China
Fanling, New Territories Leasehold 
expiring 2047
1 2015 – Land held for development 61
3 & 4 Floor, Topsail Plaza,  
11 on Sum Street, Shatin
Leasehold 
expiring 2047
– 1992 29 2 floors of a 16-storey office 
building and service centre
49
2-4 Floor, Kailey Industrial 
Centre, Fung Yip Street, 
Chai Wan
Leasehold 
expiring 2047
– 1989 34 3 floors of a 20-storey office 
building and service centre
20
Matauwei Road, Tokwawan, 
Kowloon
Leasehold 
expiring 2035
* 1978 61 Service centre, showroom 
and petrol filling station
12
Castle Peak Road,  
Tsuen Wan, New Territories
Leasehold 
expiring 2047
* 1972 52 BMW 4S centre 6
120-158 Rua dos Pescadores, 
Macau
Leasehold 
expiring 2026
* 1977 48 Industrial building with BMW 
showrooms and service 
centre
^
Australia
Church Street, Granville, 
Sydney, New South Wales
Freehold 1 2015-2019 15-25 Offices, showrooms and 
workshops
309
Newcastle, New South Wales Freehold * 2019 59 Land and building 7
Brisbane, Queensland Freehold 1 2014 16-44 Offices, showrooms and 
workshops
182
New Zealand
Wairau Road, Wairau Valley, 
Auckland
Freehold 1 2014 4 BMW 3S centre 101
Malden Street, Palmerston 
North
Freehold
Leasehold 
expiring 2123
3
2
2005, 2023 21-55 Land, workshop, office and 
parts warehouse
46
Newmarket and Takapuna, 
Auckland
Freehold
Leasehold 
expiring 
2025-2050
2
9
1998-2022 8-59 Showrooms, offices, 
workshops and warehouses
38
Crowley Place, Albany, 
Auckland
Leasehold 
expiring 2025
* 2019 6 Workshop 6
Total Motors Division 2,196
Annual Report 2024
PG. 294
Sime Darby Berhad
PROPERTIES OF THE GROUP

---- Page 297 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of
acquisition
Age of
building
(Years) Description
Net book
value
(RM million)
UMW
Malaysia
Kawasan Perindustrian  
Bukit Raja, Klang, Selangor
Freehold 67 2023 7-12 Office and factory buildings 1,276
Serendah, Selangor Leasehold 
expiring 
2094-2121
144 2023 3 Office buildings, vacant land, 
training facilities and 
workshop
314
Persiaran Selangor,  
Shah Alam, Selangor
Leasehold 
expiring 2070
13 2023 54-57 Industrial land-Office and 
factory buildings
215
Lion Industrial Park,  
Shah Alam, Selangor
Freehold 7 2023 22-33 Office and factory buildings 158
Persiaran Raja Muda,  
Shah Alam, Selangor
Leasehold 
expiring 
2067-2070
4 2023 14-19 Office and factory buildings 113
Mutiara Damansara and 
Subang Jaya, Selangor
Freehold 2 2023 17-18 Showrooms and service 
centres
107
Telok Panglima Garang,  
Kuala Langat, Selangor
Leasehold 
expiring 2103
6 2023 6-27 Office and factory buildings 88
Jalan Utarid, Shah Alam, 
Selangor
Leasehold 
expiring 2096
3 2023 22 Office buldings and 
warehouse
64
Section 19, Petaling Jaya, 
Selangor
Leasehold 
expiring 2061
2 2023 19 Showroom and service centre 47
Pulau Indah Industrial Park, 
Klang, Selangor
Leasehold 
expiring 2116
3 2023 1 Industrial land – Office 
buildings, warehouse and 
factory
41
Jalan Penchala, Petaling Jaya, 
Selangor
Leasehold 
expiring 2068
1 2023 20 Office buildings and used car 
centre
36
Kota Kemuning, Shah Alam, 
Selangor
Freehold * 2023 12 Office buildings and 
warehouse
20
Jalan Cheras, Kuala Lumpur Freehold 1 2023 18 Showroom and service centre 46
Units in Plaza Sentral,  
Kuala Lumpur
Freehold – 2023 21 Office buildings 27
Batu Pahat, Johor Freehold 1 2023 17 Showroom and service centre 32
Kawasan Perindustrian Larkin, 
Johor Bahru, Johor
Leasehold 
expiring 
2025-2028
3 2023 20 Office buildings, warehouse, 
factory and storage house, 
Body & Paint, parts and 
service centre
11
Jalan Tun Abdul Razak,  
Johor Bahru, Johor
Leasehold 
expiring 2037
* 2023 18 Showroom 11
Georgetown, Pulau Pinang Freehold 1 2023 17 Showroom and service centre 42
Industrial Park, Butterworth, 
Pulau Pinang
Leasehold 
expiring 2058
3 2023 28 Office warehouse and 
workshop buildings
27
Properties in Melaka Freehold
Leasehold 
expiring 2091
*
*
2023 18-32 Showroom, office and 
factory building
8
PG. 295


---- Page 298 ----
Location Tenure
Land area
(Hectares)
Year of
acquisition
Age of
building
(Years) Description
Net book
value
(RM million)
UMW (continued)
Malaysia (continued)
Mergong and Sungai Petani, 
Kedah
Freehold
Leasehold 
expiring 2033
1
*
2023 12-49 Shophouse, office building, 
showroom and service centre
15
Temerloh, Pahang Freehold 1 2023 8-40 Office building, showroom 
and service centre
36
Tanjong Malim, Perak Freehold 1 2023 20 Office and factory buildings 3
Kota Bharu, Kelantan Leasehold 
expiring 2072
1 2023 17 Showroom and service centre 19
Chukai, Terengganu Freehold 2 2023 – Vacant land 6
Kota Kinabalu, Sabah Leasehold 
expiring 
2025-2066
4 2023 17 Stockyard and central parts 
depo
34
Kuching, Sarawak Leasehold 
expiring 2044
1 2023 15 Central parts depo 4
Singapore
International Road,  
Singapore
Leasehold 
expiring 2049
2 2023 35 Office, warehouse and 
workshop buildings
56
Vietnam
Properties in Binh Duong, 
Bach Ninh, Nghe An,  
Quang Ngai and Hanoi
Leasehold 
expiring 
2046-2082
3 2023 4-25 Office and workshop 
buildings
17
Total UMW 2,873
OTHERS
Malaysia
Labu, Negeri Sembilan Freehold 1,728 1978-1991 – Malaysia Vision Valley land 4
Ara Damansara, Selangor Freehold 2 2017-2018 6-7 Office towers 269
Jalan Tandang, Petaling Jaya, 
Selangor
Leasehold 
expiring 
2065-2066
15 1985-1994 31-61 Industrial land and building 33
Apartments and holiday 
bungalows in Malaysia
Freehold
Leasehold 
expiring 2026
* 1982-1999 33-95 Apartments/holiday 
bungalows
1
Total Others 307
TOTAL GROUP PROPERTIES 6,779
Notes: – The list excludes capitalised lease payments and properties under inventories, disposal groups or assets held for sale
* Less than 0.5 hectare
^ Less than RM1 million
Annual Report 2024
PG. 296
Sime Darby Berhad
PROPERTIES OF THE GROUP

---- Page 299 ----
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Eighteenth Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Sime Darby Berhad (Sime Darby or Company) 
will be held virtually through live streaming from the broadcast venue at Function Room, Ground Floor, Menara Sime Darby, Oasis 
Corporate Park, Jalan PJU 1A/2, Ara Damansara, 47301 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia on Thursday, 14 November 
2024 at 10.00 a.m. for the following businesses:
AS ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2024 together with the Reports of the 
Directors and the Auditors thereon.
Refer to Explanatory Note 1
2. To approve the payment of fees to the Non-Executive Directors up to an amount of RM4,600,000 from 
the Eighteenth AGM until the next AGM of the Company.
Refer to Explanatory Note 2
(Resolution 1)
3. To approve the payment of benefits to the Non-Executive Directors up to an amount of RM1,500,000 
from the Eighteenth AGM until the next AGM of the Company.
Refer to Explanatory Note 2
(Resolution 2)
4. To elect Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir, who retires pursuant to Rule 82.2 of the 
Constitution of the Company and who being eligible, offer herself for election.
Refer to Explanatory Note 3
(Resolution 3)
5. To re-elect the following Directors who retire pursuant to Rule 103 of the Constitution of the Company 
and who being eligible, offer themselves for re-election:
(i) Tan Sri Samsudin Osman
(ii) Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence
(iii) Moy Pui Yee
(iv) Mohamad Idros Mosin
Refer to Explanatory Note 3
(Resolution 4)
(Resolution 5)
(Resolution 6)
(Resolution 7)
6. To re-appoint Messrs PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT as Auditors of the Company for the financial year 
ending 30 June 2025 and to authorise the Directors to determine their remuneration.
Refer to Explanatory Note 4
(Resolution 8)
PG. 297
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

---- Page 300 ----
AS SPECIAL BUSINESS
7. To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following Ordinary Resolutions:
(i) Proposed Shareholders’ Ratification and Proposed New Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent 
Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with Related Parties Involving the 
Interest of the following parties:
(a) Toyota Motor Corporation
(b) Toyota Tsusho Corporation
(c) KYB Corporation, Japan
(d) Toyota Industries Corporation
 THAT in accordance with Paragraph 10.09 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad, approval be and is hereby given for the Company and/or its subsidiaries 
to enter into recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature with related parties 
involving the interest of the abovementioned parties pursuant to Resolutions 9 to 12, as set out in 
Section 2.3(i) of the Circular to Shareholders dated 16 October 2024, which are necessary for the 
day-to-day operations in the ordinary course of business of the Company and/or its subsidiary 
companies on normal commercial terms and are not detrimental to the minority shareholders of the 
Company (Mandate);
 THAT the Mandate shall continue to be in force until:
(a) the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company following this AGM 
at which such Mandate is passed, at which time it will lapse, unless by an ordinary resolution 
passed at that meeting whereby the Mandate is renewed; or
(b) the expiration of the period within which the next AGM is required to be held pursuant to 
Section 340(2) of the Act, (but shall not extend to such extensions as may be allowed pursuant 
to Section 340(4) of the Act); or
(c) the Mandate is revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders of the 
Company in a general meeting,
 whichever is the earlier;
 THAT the recurrent related party transactions entered or to be entered into by the Company and/
or its subsidiaries with related parties involving the interest of the abovementioned parties from 
19  February 2024, being the delisting date of UMW Holdings Berhad, until the date of the 
Eighteenth AGM the Company, particulars which are set out in Section 2.3(i) of the Circular to 
Shareholders dated 16 October 2024, be and are hereby approved, confirmed and ratified;
 AND THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all such 
acts and things (including executing all such documents as may be required) as they may consider 
expedient or necessary to give effect to the Mandate.
 Refer to Explanatory Note 5
(Resolution 9)
(Resolution 10)
(Resolution 11)
(Resolution 12)
Annual Report 2024
PG. 298
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTICE OF A NNUAL GENERAL MEETING

---- Page 301 ----
(ii) Proposed Renewal of Existing Shareholders’ Mandate and Proposed New Shareholders’ Mandate for 
Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with Related Parties Involving 
the Interest of Bermaz Auto Berhad (Bermaz)
 THAT in accordance with Paragraph 10.09 of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa 
Malaysia Securities Berhad, approval be and is hereby given for the Company and/or its subsidiaries 
to enter into recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature with related parties 
involving the interest of Bermaz, as set out in Sections 2.3(ii)(b) and 2.3(iii) of the Circular to 
Shareholders dated 16 October 2024, which are necessary for the day-to-day operations in the 
ordinary course of business of the Company and/or its subsidiary companies on normal commercial 
terms which are not more favourable to the related parties than those generally available to the 
public and are not detrimental to the minority shareholders of the Company (Mandate);
 THAT the Mandate shall continue to be in force until:
(a) the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company following this AGM at which such Mandate is 
passed, at which time it will lapse, unless by an ordinary resolution passed at that meeting 
whereby the Mandate is renewed; or
(b) the expiration of the period within which the next AGM is required to be held pursuant to 
Section 340(2) of the Act, (but shall not extend to such extensions as may be allowed pursuant 
to Section 340(4) of the Act); or
(c) the Mandate is revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders of the 
Company in a general meeting,
 whichever is the earlier;
 AND THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all such 
acts and things (including executing all such documents as may be required) as they may consider 
expedient or necessary to give effect to the Mandate.
 Refer to Explanatory Note 5
(Resolution 13)
8. To transact any other business for which due notice shall have been given in accordance with the 
Companies Act 2016 and the Constitution of the Company.
By Order of the Board
Dato’ Jeffri Salim Davidson
Director
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
16 October 2024
PG. 299


---- Page 302 ----
NOTES:
1. It is our pleasure to invite you to our Eighteenth AGM of the Company which will be held virtually through live streaming 
from the broadcast venue. Members and proxies are advised to participate and vote remotely at this AGM using the 
Remote Participation and Voting (RPV) facilities provided by the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Investor & Issuing 
House Services Sdn Bhd (Tricor) through its TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Members are advised to read the 
Administrative Guide carefully and follow the procedures in the Administrative Guide for this AGM in order to participate 
remotely.
2. For the purpose of determining who shall be entitled to attend this AGM, the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia 
Depository Sdn Bhd in accordance with Rule 64 of the Company’s Constitution and Section 34(1) of the Securities Industry 
(Central Depositories) Act 1991 (SICDA), to issue to the Company, a Record of Depositors as at 7 November 2024. Only a 
Member whose name appears on this Record of Depositors as at 7 November 2024 shall be entitled to attend this AGM or 
appoint a proxy to attend, participate, speak and vote on his/her behalf.
3. A Member entitled to attend and vote at this AGM is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to exercise all or 
any of his/her rights to attend, participate, speak and vote at this AGM on his/her behalf. Where a Member appoints more 
than one (1) proxy, the appointment shall be invalid unless he/she speciﬁes the proportion of his/her shareholdings to be 
represented by each proxy. A proxy may, but need not, be a Member of the Company. A Member may appoint any person 
to be his/her proxy without any restriction as to the qualification of such person.
4. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Listing 
Requirements), all resolutions set out in the Notice of the Eighteenth AGM of the Company shall be put to vote by way of 
a poll.
5. Where a Member of the Company is an Authorised Nominee as deﬁned under SICDA, he/she may appoint not more than 
two (2) proxies in respect of each Securities Account he/she holds with ordinary shares of the Company standing to the 
credit of the said Securities Account to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company instead of him/her.
6. Where a Member of the Company is an Exempt Authorised Nominee as defined under SICDA which holds ordinary shares 
in the Company for multiple beneﬁcial owners in one (1) Securities Account (Omnibus Account), there is no limit to the 
number of proxies which the Exempt Authorised Nominee may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds 
PROVIDED THAT each beneficial owner of ordinary shares or where the ordinary shares are held on behalf of joint beneficial 
owners, such joint beneficial owners, shall only be entitled to instruct the Exempt Authorised Nominee to appoint not more 
than two (2) proxies to attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company instead of the beneficial owner or joint 
beneficial owners.
7. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing signed by the appointor or his/her attorney duly authorised in writing 
or, if the appointor is a corporation, either under its common seal or signed by an officer or attorney so authorised. Any 
alteration to the instrument appointing a proxy must be initialled.
8. The Form of Proxy and power of attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed or notarially certified copy of 
that power or authority, must be deposited with Tricor not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of 
the poll or no later than Wednesday, 13 November 2024 at 10.00 a.m. The Form of Proxy can be submitted through either 
one of the following avenues:
(i) Lodgement of Form of 
Proxy in hard copy:
To be deposited at Tricor’s office at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, 
Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or 
alternatively, at Tricor’s Customer Services Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical 
Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
(ii) Electronic lodgement of 
Form of Proxy:
The Form of Proxy can be lodged electronically via Tricor’s TIIH Online website at 
https://tiih.online. Please follow the procedures for electronic lodgement of Form of 
Proxy in the Administrative Guide for this AGM.
9. A Member who has appointed a proxy to participate in this AGM must request his/her proxy to register himself/herself for 
the RPV at Tricor’s TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Please follow the procedures in the Administrative Guide for 
this AGM.
10. The Administrative Guide on the conduct of a virtual AGM of the Company is available at the Company’s website at https:// 
www.simedarby.com/investor/agmegm.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 300
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTICE OF A NNUAL GENERAL MEETING

---- Page 303 ----
EXPLANATORY NOTES
1. Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 30 June 2024
 The Audited Financial Statements are laid in accordance with Section 340(1)(a) of the Act. There is no requirement to seek 
shareholders’ approval and hence, this agenda item is meant for discussion only and will not be put forward for voting.
2. Resolutions 1 and 2 – Directors’ Fees and Benefits
 Section 230(1) of the Act provides that the fees of the Directors and any benefits payable to the Directors of a listed 
company and its subsidiaries shall be approved at a general meeting.
 The shareholders’ approvals are hereby sought for the payment of Directors’ fees and benefits up to an amount of 
RM4,600,000 and RM1,500,000 respectively, to the NEDs with effect from the Eighteenth AGM until the next AGM of the 
Company.
(i) The payment of Directors’ fees for the NEDs is based on the fee structure below:
Board/Board Committees
NED Fees
(RM/Year)
Chairman Member
Board 560,000 240,0001
380,0002
• Governance & Audit Committee 80,000 50,000
• Risk Management & Sustainability Committee
• Nomination & Remuneration Committee 70,000 40,000
• Investment Committee
Notes:
1 Fee for Resident Director
2 Fee for Non-Resident Director
(ii) The benefits payable for the NEDs comprising the following:
(a) Company car, petrol and driver for the Non-Executive Chairman
(b) Telecommunication devices/facilities
(c) Club membership subscription
(d) Medical and insurance coverage
(e) Discount on purchases of Group/Company products on terms not more favourable than those given to the public/
employees
(f) Other claimable benefits including reimbursable expenses incurred in the course of carrying out their duties as 
Directors
 In determining the estimated total amount of Directors’ fees and benefits payable for the NEDs, the Board has considered 
various factors including the number of scheduled and special meetings for the Board and Board Committees, based on the 
current number of NEDs including a provisional sum as a contingency for future appointment of NEDs on the Board and 
Board Committees.
 The proposed Resolutions 1 and 2, if passed, will give authority to the Company to pay the Directors’ fees and benefits on 
a monthly basis and/or as and when incurred. The Board is of the view that it is just and equitable for the NEDs to be paid 
the Directors’ fees and benefits on a monthly basis and/or as and when they are incurred, particularly after the Directors 
have discharged their responsibilities and rendered their services to the Company.
 Any NEDs who are shareholders of the Company will abstain from voting on Resolutions 1 and 2 concerning the Directors’ 
fees and benefits of the NEDs at the Eighteenth AGM.
 The remuneration of each Director for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 is set out on page 124 of the Annual Report 
2024.
3. Resolutions 3 to 7 – Election and re-election of Directors
(i) Rule 82.2 of the Constitution of the Company states that a Director appointed by the Board shall hold office until the 
conclusion of the next AGM of the Company and shall be eligible for election but shall not be taken into account in 
determining the Directors who are to retire by rotation at that meeting.
 Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir was appointed during the year, is standing for election as Director and 
has consented to be elected as Director of the Company.
PG. 301


---- Page 304 ----
(ii) Rule 103 of the Constitution of the Company states that at every AGM, at least one-third (1/3) of the Directors for 
the time being shall retire from office at each annual general meeting. A Director retiring at a general meeting shall 
retain office until the conclusion of the meeting. In addition, Rule 104 of the Constitution of the Company states that 
all Directors shall retire from office at least once every three (3) years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-
election.
 The Directors who are subject to re-election at the Eighteenth AGM of the Company are Tan Sri Samsudin Osman, 
Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence, Moy Pui Yee and Mohamad Idros Mosin. All of them, being eligible, have offered 
themselves for re-election at the Eighteenth AGM pursuant to Rule 104 of the Constitution of the Company.
 For the purpose of determining the eligibility of the Directors to stand for election and re-election at the Eighteenth 
AGM, the Board through its Nomination & Remuneration Committee (NRC), had assessed each of the retiring Directors 
and considered the following:
(a) Performance and contributions based on 2024 Board Effectiveness Assessment results;
(b) Level of contributions to the Board deliberations through their skills, experience, strength in qualities and 
commitment;
(c) Character, integrity, experience and competence, as well as fit and properness in discharging their roles 
effectively; and
(d) Level of independence demonstrated by the Independent Directors and their ability to act in the best interest of 
the Company in decision making.
 Based on the aforesaid assessment, the Board and the NRC are satisfied that the retiring Directors met the 
performance criteria required of an effective and high-performance Board and the Board’s expectations by 
continuously discharging their duties diligently.
4. Resolution 8 – Re-appointment of Auditors
 The Governance & Audit Committee (GAC) at its meeting held on 19 September 2024 undertook the annual assessment of 
the suitability and effectiveness of the external audit process and the performance, suitability and independence of the 
external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT (PwC). The following factors were taken into consideration:
(i) Dissemination of information about policies and processes for maintaining independence, objectivity and the 
monitoring of PwC’s compliance with professional ethical standards;
(ii) Communication of audit strategy and current developments in relation to accounting and auditing standards relevant 
to the Group’s financial statements and the potential impact on the audit;
(iii) Timeliness and quality of communications with regard to significant audit, accounting, related risks and control 
weaknesses and recommendations as well as effective use of meetings with the GAC without management presence;
(iv) Competency in the coordination of resources and technical knowledge and expertise in managing its engagement; and
(v) Reasonableness of the audit fees charged.
 The GAC was satisfied with the suitability of PwC based on the quality of audit, performance, competency and sufficiency 
of resources that the external audit team had provided to the Sime Darby Group as prescribed under Paragraph 15.21 of 
the Listing Requirements.
 The Board at its meeting held on 26 September 2024 approved the GAC’s recommendation that the shareholders’ approval 
be sought at the Eighteenth AGM on the re-appointment of PwC as external auditors of the Company for the financial year 
ending 30 June 2025, under Resolution 8. The present external auditors, PwC, have indicated their willingness to continue 
their services for the next financial year.
EXPLANATORY NOTES ON SPECIAL BUSINESS
5. Resolutions 9 to 13 – Proposed Shareholders’ Ratification and Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate
 The proposed Resolutions 9 to 13, if passed, will ratify the recurrent related party transactions entered into or to be 
entered into by the Company and/or its subsidiaries with related parties for the period from 19 February 2024 until the 
Eighteenth AGM and renew the existing shareholders’ mandate and grant a new mandate for the Company and/or its 
subsidiaries to enter into recurrent related party transactions of a revenue or trading nature which are necessary for the 
Group’s day-to-day operations and are on normal commercial terms and are not detrimental to the minority shareholders 
of the Company.
 Detailed information on the Proposed Shareholders’ Ratification and Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate is set out in Section 
2.3 of the Circular to Shareholders dated 16 October 2024.
Annual Report 2024
PG. 302
Sime Darby Berhad
NOTICE OF A NNUAL GENERAL MEETING

---- Page 305 ----
The profile of the Directors who are standing for election and re-election (as per Resolutions 3 to 7 as stated above) at the 
Eighteenth AGM of Sime Darby are set out in the “Board of Directors” section on pages 94 to 101 of the Company’s Annual 
Report 2024.
The details of any interest in securities held by the said Directors are set out in the “Directors’ Report” section on pages 149 to 
152 of the Company’s Annual Report 2024.
PG. 303
STATEMENT ACCOMPANYING 
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
(Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad)

---- Page 306 ----
This page has been intentionally left blank.

---- Page 307 ----
I/We 
 (FULL NAME OF SHAREHOLDER AS PER NRIC/PASSPORT/CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION IN CAPITAL LETTERS)
(NRIC/Passport/Company No.  ) of 
 (ADDRESS)
 (ADDRESS)
Tel. No.  being a member/members of SIME DARBY BERHAD hereby appoint
 (NRIC/Passport No.  )
 (FULL NAME OF PROXY AS PER NRIC/PASSPORT IN CAPITAL LETTERS)
of 
 (ADDRESS)
*and  (NRIC/Passport No.  )
 (FULL NAME OF PROXY AS PER NRIC/PASSPORT IN CAPITAL LETTERS)
of 
 (ADDRESS)
**or failing him/her, the Chairman of the Meeting, as my/our proxy/proxies to participate and vote for me/us and on my/our 
behalf at the Eighteenth Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of Sime Darby Berhad (“Company”) to be held virtually through live 
streaming from the broadcast venue at Function Room, Ground Floor, Menara Sime Darby, Oasis Corporate Park, Jalan PJU 1A/2, 
Ara Damansara, 47301 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia on Thursday, 14 November 2024 at 10.00 a.m. and at any 
adjournment thereof.
No. Resolutions
1. Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 together with the Reports of the Directors and 
the Auditors thereon
Ordinary Business Resolution For Against
2. Payment of fees to the Non-Executive Directors up to an amount of RM4,600,000 
from the Eighteenth AGM until the next AGM of the Company
1
3. Payment of benefits to the Non-Executive Directors up to an amount of RM1,500,000 
from the Eighteenth AGM until the next AGM of the Company
2
4(i). Election of Professor Datuk Ts. Ir. Dr. Siti Hamisah Tapsir pursuant to Rule 82.2 of the 
Constitution of the Company
3
4(ii). Re-election of Tan Sri Samsudin Osman pursuant to Rule 103 of the Constitution of 
the Company
4
4(iii). Re-election of Dato’ Lee Cheow Hock Lawrence pursuant to Rule 103 of the 
Constitution of the Company
5
4(iv). Re-election of Moy Pui Yee pursuant to Rule 103 of the Constitution of the Company 6
4(v). Re-election of Mohamad Idros Mosin pursuant to Rule 103 of the Constitution of the 
Company
7
5. Re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers PLT as Auditors of the Company for the 
financial year ending 30 June 2025 and to authorise the Directors to determine their 
remuneration
8
No. Resolutions
Special Business Resolution For Against
6(i). Proposed Shareholders’ Ratification and Proposed New Shareholders’ Mandate for 
Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with related 
parties involving the interest of Toyota Motor Corporation
9
6(ii). Proposed Shareholders’ Ratification and Proposed New Shareholders’ Mandate for 
Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with related 
parties involving the interest of Toyota Tsusho Corporation
10
6(iii). Proposed Shareholders’ Ratification and Proposed New Shareholders’ Mandate for 
Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with related 
parties involving the interest of KYB Corporation, Japan
11
6(iv). Proposed Shareholders’ Ratification and Proposed New Shareholders’ Mandate for 
Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature with related 
parties involving the interest of Toyota Industries Corporation
12
6(v). Proposed Renewal of Existing Shareholders’ Mandate and Proposed New 
Shareholders’ Mandate for Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or 
Trading Nature with related parties involving the interest of Bermaz Auto Berhad
13
My/Our proxy is to vote on the resolutions as indicated by an “X” in the appropriate space above. If no indication is given, 
my/our proxy shall vote or abstain from voting as he/she thinks fit.
For appointment of two (2) proxies, percentage of shareholdings to be represented by the proxies must be indicated below:
Percentage (%) Email Address Telephone No.
First proxy
Second proxy
Total 100%
IMPORTANT: Disclosure of Shareholder’s and Proxy’s Personal Data
Please refer to the Notice to Shareholders under the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA Notice) published in the 
Company’s corporate website concerning the Company’s collection of your personal data for the purpose of the Company’s 
general meeting(s).
You hereby declare that you have read, understood and accepted the statements and terms contained in the PDPA Notice.
In disclosing the proxy’s personal data, you as a shareholder, warrant that the proxy(ies) has/have given his/her/their explicit 
consent for his/her/their personal data being disclosed and processed in accordance with the Notice to Proxies under the 
PDPA Notice.
Dated this  day of  2024
 
 Signature/Common Seal of Member(s)
* Please delete as applicable.
** If you do not wish to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as your proxy/one of your proxies, please strike out the words “or failing him/her, the 
Chairman of the Meeting” and insert the name(s) of the proxy(ies) you wish to appoint in the blank space(s) provided.
SIME DARBY BERHAD 
(Registration No. 200601032645 (752404-U))
(Incorporated in Malaysia)
Number of ordinary shares held CDS Account No.
– –
FORM OF PROXY

---- Page 308 ----
Notes:
1. It is our pleasure to invite you to our Eighteenth AGM of the Company 
which will be held virtually through live streaming from the broadcast 
venue. Members and proxies are advised to participate and vote remotely 
at this AGM using the Remote Participation and Voting (RPV) facilities 
provided by the Company’s Share Registrar, Tricor Investor & Issuing 
House Services Sdn Bhd (Tricor) through its TIIH Online website at 
https://tiih.online. Members are advised to read the Administrative 
Guide carefully and follow the procedures in the Administrative Guide 
for this AGM in order to participate remotely.
2. For the purpose of determining who shall be entitled to attend this 
AGM, the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn 
Bhd in accordance with Rule 64 of the Company’s Constitution and 
Section 34(1) of the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 
(SICDA), to issue to the Company, a Record of Depositors as at 7 
November 2024. Only a Member whose name appears on this Record 
of Depositors as at 7 November 2024 shall be entitled to attend this 
AGM or appoint a proxy to attend, participate, speak and vote on his/
her behalf.
3. A Member entitled to attend and vote at this AGM is entitled to appoint 
not more than two (2) proxies to exercise all or any of his/her rights 
to attend, participate, speak and vote at this AGM on his/her behalf. 
Where a Member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointment 
shall be invalid unless he/she speciﬁes the proportion of his/her 
shareholdings to be represented by each proxy. A proxy may, but need 
not, be a Member of the Company. A Member may appoint any person 
to be his/her proxy without any restriction as to the qualification of 
such person.
4. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements 
of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Listing Requirements), all resolutions 
set out in the Notice of the Eighteenth AGM of the Company shall be 
put to vote by way of a poll.
5. Where a Member of the Company is an Authorised Nominee as deﬁned 
under SICDA, he/she may appoint not more than two (2) proxies in 
respect of each Securities Account he/she holds with ordinary shares 
of the Company standing to the credit of the said Securities Account 
to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company instead of him/her.
6. Where a Member of the Company is an Exempt Authorised Nominee 
as defined under SICDA which holds ordinary shares in the Company 
for multiple beneﬁcial owners in one (1) Securities Account (Omnibus 
Account), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the Exempt 
Authorised Nominee may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account 
it holds PROVIDED THAT each beneficial owner of ordinary shares or 
where the ordinary shares are held on behalf of joint beneficial owners, 
such joint beneficial owners, shall only be entitled to instruct the Exempt 
Authorised Nominee to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend 
and vote at a general meeting of the Company instead of the beneficial 
owner or joint beneficial owners.
7. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing signed by the 
appointor or his/her attorney duly authorised in writing or, if the appointor 
is a corporation, either under its common seal or signed by an officer or 
attorney so authorised. Any alteration to the instrument appointing a 
proxy must be initialled.
8. The Form of Proxy and power of attorney or other authority, if any, 
under which it is signed or notarially certified copy of that power or 
authority, must be deposited with Tricor not less than 24 hours before 
the time appointed for the taking of the poll or no later than Wednesday, 
13 November 2024 at 10.00 a.m. The Form of Proxy can be submitted 
through either one of the following avenues:
(i) Lodgement of Form of Proxy in hard copy:
 To be deposited at Tricor’s office at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower 
A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan 
Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively, at Tricor’s 
Customer Services Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical 
Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
(ii) Electronic lodgement of Form of Proxy:
 The Form of Proxy can be lodged electronically via Tricor’s TIIH 
Online website at https://tiih.online. Please follow the procedures 
for electronic lodgement of Form of Proxy in the Administrative 
Guide for this AGM.
9. A Member who has appointed a proxy to participate in this AGM must 
request his/her proxy to register himself/herself for the RPV at Tricor’s 
TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Please follow the procedures 
in the Administrative Guide for this AGM.
10. The Administrative Guide on the conduct of a virtual AGM of the 
Company is available at the Company’s website at http://www.simedarby.
com/investor/agmegm.
THE SHARE REGISTRAR
SIME DARBY BERHAD (200601032645 (752404-U))
c/o Tricor Investor & Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd (11324-H)
Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A
Vertical Business Suite
Avenue 3, Bangsar South
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi
59200 Kuala Lumpur
Malaysia
AFFIX
POSTAGE
STAMP
Fold here
Fold here

---- Page 309 ----
SIME DARBY BERHAD  Company No. 200601032645 (752404-U)ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SIME DARBY BERHAD
Company No. 200601032645 (752404-U)
Level 9, Menara Sime Darby, Oasis Corporate Park
Jalan PJU 1A/2, Ara Damansara, 47301 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
Phone: (603) 7623 2000    Fax: (603) 7623 2100
www.simedarby.com
ANNUAL  
REPORT  
2024
DRIVEN BY
ACCELERATING FORWARD
GROWTH